
                              501 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   September 17, 1999, Friday, Final Edition

Heard Expects Wizards to Play by His Rules

Steve Wyche, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D05

LENGTH: 858 words


Washington Wizards Coach Gar Heard classifies himself as a no-nonsense person
who will bench ineffective or undisciplined players, make rookies carry other
players' bags and order the team bus driver to leave behind tardy players.

However, Heard said he will not belittle players, will emphasize positives and
will improve the team's self-esteem, which in turn will translate to victories
and a possible playoff berth.

"I'm from the old school," Heard said yesterday during a luncheon with
Washington Post reporters, editors, team owner Abe Pollin and team president
Susan O'Malley. "I think rookies have to pay their dues. I don't care if they're
the number one pick or the 59th pick. They have to carry the bags and [do]
whatever the trainer wants them to do.

"As far as a screamer? No, that's not me. I don't think you get anything
accomplished by yelling at guys. They respect you if you approach them as a man
and explain to them how you want to do it. If they don't do it, you punish them.
The best way to punish a player is playing time. You can't get anything
accomplished sitting on the bench. They're making so much money now that you can
[fine] them, but it doesn't bother them. It's a tax write-off anyway. As a
player, nothing is more important than playing time."

Heard's approach is a major reason that Pollin is optimistic the Wizards will
return to the playoffs after failing to do since 1996-97 and doing so just once
since 1987-88.

"From what I did this summer, acquiring players and making deals, the most
important and the best thing I did was hiring [Heard]," Pollin said. "He's the
right guy to take our team to where we want to go."

Pollin is not demanding a championship this season, just enough improvement to
make the playoffs, where, he said, "anything can happen."

Heard, who labored for 12 seasons as an NBA assistant coach and worked as the
Dallas Mavericks' interim coach for 53 games in 1993, said he is up to the
challenge of turning around a team that finished 18-32 in the lockout-shortened
1999 season.

His outlook is unaffected by the Wizards' inability to sign a starting power
forward after allowing last season's starter, Otis Thorpe, to leave via free
agency, and trading Ben Wallace and Terry Davis to the Orlando Magic for center
Ike Austin.

Washington targeted, but failed to sign, free agents Mark Bryant, Samaki Walker
and Grant Long. The team is interested in forward Chucky Brown but, according to
Heard and Pollin, the Wizards are in no hurry to offer their $ 2 million
exception to any of the remaining free agents.

"We are going to step back and we're going to wait," Pollin said. "We're not
really that concerned."

For now, Washington will enter the season with Aaron Williams, a free agent
signee who has spent most of his NBA career as a reserve, as the starting power
forward. Starting small forward Juwan Howard will spell Williams, as will
injury-prone forward Lorenzo Williams, who had arthroscopic surgery on his right
knee three days ago, Heard said. Williams is not expected to return in time for
the start of training camp, Oct. 5.

According to a team source, Washington also is exploring signing 6-foot-4 Reggie
Jordan or 6-6 Chris Carr, both of whom can play either guard position.

Once the team's roster is set, Heard will implement an offensive system that
will focus on motion and getting shots in transition. The team will play an
aggressive defense in which players will begin guarding opponents before they
get to half court, Heard said.

"We have to create situations where we can get the ball up the court," Heard
said. ". . . I don't like to come downcourt, set up, hold the ball for 15, 18
seconds. We want to get the best shot possible and quick as possible. We have to
be an up-tempo team because we're not a physical team."

A successful start will be critical for the Wizards, Heard said.

"The games you win early count just as much as the games you win late," Heard
said. "If you can win games early, you get more confident with each other and
you get more confidence, believe it or not, with the officials. You start
getting different calls. We start winning early, and it will carry over."

A quick start also could bring back fans locally and nationally.

Entering the season, none of the Wizards' games is scheduled to be televised
nationally on NBC or Turner Sports, the NBA's broadcast partners. The networks
have the option of adding more appealing matchups as the season progresses.

"I think they will be coming back to us," Pollin said.

Only 6,200 of the 8,000 fans who bought full season tickets last season renewed
for this season.

"We had a bad renewal season," said O'Malley, who projected that the team will
have a season-ticket base of 7,500 when the season starts Nov. 2.

Heard said he has persuaded the entire team to report to the Wizards' training
facility at MCI Center by next week. Roughly half the players, including guard
Mitch Richmond, Austin, Jahidi White and Calvin Booth, and first-round draft
pick Richard Hamilton, already have have been working out together at MCI
Center.


LOAD-DATE: September 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              502 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

Ulanov stickhandles around arbitration

BYLINE: PAT HICKEY

SECTION: Sports; D11

LENGTH: 1004 words


It should come as no surprise that Canadiens defenceman Igor Ulanov turned down
the opportunity to have his salary decided by an arbitrator.

Arbitration can be a demeaning experience, and even when players win their cases
they come away feeling bitter because the team's mission in arbitration is to
belittle a player's accomplishments and play up his faults. Mark Recchi won a
$4.5-million award from the Canadiens last summer, but the experience hardened
his resolve to leave Montreal.

In Ulanov's case, I suspect he didn't want to revisit last season, when he was
benched on two occasions for taking dumb penalties. There's no doubt that Ulanov
made some mistakes, but the Canadiens' coaching staff might have been a tad more
understanding because, in a season marked by lacklustre efforts, Ulanov brought
enthusiasm to the rink every night. He was guilty on occasion of retaliating at
the wrong time - i.e. when the referee was looking - but he played as if he
cared, and you couldn't say the same for too many of his teammates.

Speaking of arbitration, Pittsburgh's Darius Kasparaitis also passed on the
opportunity. His agent, Todd Diamond, said arbitration wasn't the ''right
arena'' for the defenceman who's recovering from knee surgery. Kasparaitis had
only five points in 48 games last season, and Diamond didn't think an arbitrator
would appreciate his other talents as an effective - some would say dirty -
checker.

- YOUTH NOT ALWAYS SERVED: Jose Theodore is back in and Fred Chabot is out in
Montreal, but there are some teams that are content to leave their young goalies
on the farm.

That's the case in Boston, where the Bruins have re-signed Robbie Tallas as the
backup to unsigned Byron Dafoe. That means John Grahame stays in Providence,
where he had a 37-9- 1 record last season with a 2.90 goals-against average.

And the Buffalo Sabres are still waffling over the future of Martin Biron. He
led the American Hockey League last season with a 2.07 GAA, but doesn't figure
to play much behind Dominik Hasek. He'll probably spend another year in the
minors, with Dwayne Roloson playing in Buffalo.

There will be a youngster in Colorado, as Marc Denis moves up behind Patrick
Roy. The Avalanche cleared the way for that move when they shipped Craig
Billington to Washington.

- MRS. TURGEON'S HAPPY: Former Canadiens captain Pierre Turgeon won a record
$4.65-million salary in arbitration last season, but wasn't anxious to repeat
the process. He settled with the St. Louis Blues on a two-year deal worth $10
million.

Turgeon said he enjoyed playing in St. Louis but, more importantly, his wife,
Elizabeth, and the couple's three children are happy.

Said Turgeon: ''You know as well as me, it's important to keep your wife
happy.''

n HARD FEELINGS: There's still bitterness in Buffalo over the way the Stanley
Cup final ended on Brett Hull's controversial goal.

The National Hockey League had hoped to keep a relatively new tradition alive by
having the Stanley Cup finalists open the new season. But while the Washington
Capitals didn't have any qualms about going to Detroit last year to watch the
Red Wings hoist their Stanley Cup pennant, the Sabres nixed a proposed season
opener in Dallas. The teams will meet in Dallas on Nov. 3, but Buffalo fans
won't get to boo the Stars in the regular season because the NHL's unbalanced
schedule means the Stars don't visit Buffalo.

- YOU HAVE MAIL: Ted Leonsis, the new co-owner of the Washington Capitals, is
giving a new meaning to the term ''fan friendly.'' The co-founder of Internet
giant AOL invites fans to discuss the team with him on the Net. He has
personally responded to more than 700 E-mail messages since he and Jon Ledecky
bought the team.

And when Leonsis heard that season-ticket sales were lagging, he said he would
go out to dinner with the next person who bought one. The result? Roger McCloud
and his family joined Leonsis for dinner at Morton's Steakhouse.

And co-owner Ledecky, who is worth an estimated $200 million, said that he is
looking for a woman ''who will like him for himself'' and not his personal
fortune and jokes.

A sample of his humour?

''I'm saving money by skipping my first wife and going straight to my second
wife.''

n SCRAPING BY: Carolina Hurricanes owner Peter Karmanos has lost more than $70
million on the hockey operation since he bought the team. There was all that
money to buy his way out of Hartford, as well as mounting losses while the team
played in Greensboro while waiting for a new arena to be built in Raleigh.

If you're wondering how Karmanos manages on his $600,000-a-year salary as CEO of
the Compuware software company, consider that he also collected a $1.6-million
bonus last year as well as $85 million in stock options.

That new arena is supposed to be ready for Oct. 1, but the folks who draw up the
NHL schedule were skeptical and the Hurricanes won't play a home game until Oct.
28. They'll start the season with nine road games, visiting Boston,
Philadelphia, New York, Calgary, Edmonton, Vancouver, Toronto, Buffalo and
Pittsburgh before returning home. The only other team to start a season with
nine road games was the 1981-82 Quebec Nordiques, who were awaiting the
completion of renovations at Le Colisee.

- FEDOROV THE WATERBOY: It's not quite the Wheaties box, but Sergei Fedorov of
the Detroit Red Wings will have his face plastered on bottles of Naya water. The
Mirabel-based firm will feature Fedorov, snowboarder Ross Powers, WNBA star Lisa
Leslie and Dolphins linebacker Zach Thomas in its Hungry for Life promotion.
Their pictures will appear on bottles and there will be inspirational
biographies on the inside of the labels. Naya will also spotlight Bobby Boucher,
the Adam Sandler character from the movie The Waterboy. Naya will run a contest,
with winners going to the Pro Bowl and to a private screening of The Waterboy
with Thomas and other National Football League players.


LOAD-DATE: July 23, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1999 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              503 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                            October 6, 1972, Friday

SECTION: Page 4, Column 4

LENGTH: 48 words

D Nicolson, head of GB's major airlines, on Oct 6 says GB, France and USSR are
involved in intensive negotiations to pool supersonic airline service between
western Eur and Far East, news conf, NYC; belittles notion that sonic boom will
result in ban on SST flights over populated areas

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

              Copyright 1972 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              504 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            April 3, 2013 Wednesday

Hicks: Richie Sambora walks from Bon Jovi

BYLINE: By Tony Hicks Contra Costa Times

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Local

LENGTH: 1251 words


Richie Sambora has walked away from the current Bon Jovi world tour because of
"personal issues," the band said.

Although many assumed that "issues" was a code word for substance abuse
problems, which Sambora has had in the past, TMZ claims this is not the case.
The website reported it's just a matter that Sambora has had enough of Jon Bon
Jovi.

Well, who could blame him? A guy names his band after himself, he's probably
pretty intolerable.

Sources directly connected to the band supposedly told TMZ tensions between the
two have been running high for years, and things have finally erupted. One
source said "It's a classic Jagger/Richards blowup."

Uh ... yeah. I think that's about the only way anyone could ever compare Bon
Jovi/Sambora to Jagger/Richards.

TMZ's sources say Bon Jovi constantly belittles Sambora. And they're also
fighting over money.

Sambora didn't show up at the band's show in Calgary on Tuesday night. He posted
on the Bon Jovi website that he was pulling out because of "personal issues."

Bon Jovi told the audience ,"I had two choices: pack up and go home or give you
everything I got ... Richie Sambora won't be performing for a while. If there's
ever a night I need you, it's tonight, Calgary!"

Bon Jovi is scheduled to perform in San Jose on April 25 at HP Pavilion. As of
late Wednesday afternoon, there was no word on what the band would do to replace
Sambora.

Sambora has been spending time with his daughter. TMZ said the pair were on
vacation in Hawaii last week.

MEN WHO PLOTTED TO KILL JOSS STONE CONVICTED: Two men have been convicted of
plotting to kill singer Joss Stone.

Kevin Liverpool, 35, received life imprisonment with a minimum term of 10 years
and eight months, while the sentencing of 32-year-old Junior Bradshaw was
delayed pending psychiatric reports, according to the BBC. It took a jury just
four hours to made its decision Wednesday, at the Exeter Crown Court in London.
Liverpool and Bradshaw were arrested in June 2011 near Stone's home in Devon,
after neighbors became suspicious and called police. They possessed a sword,
hammer, knives, gloves, and black bags.

What ... no chain saws?

Prosecutors said the men planned to decapitate the singer and dump her body into
a river.

I don't think I want to be famous anymore.

Stone's mother, Wendy Joseph, told reporters outside the courthouse, "Joss would
like to thank everyone for their support and all their good wishes. The whole
family is relieved the trial is over and these men are no longer in a position
to cause harm to anyone."

'GLEE' STAR PREGNANT: "Glee" star Heather Morris is pregnant with her first
child.

A source close to the 26-year-old actress told Us Weekly. "She's a little more
than three months along and starting to show." The dad-to-be is Morris' longtime
boyfriend Taylor Hubbell, whom she met in high school.

"It was totally unexpected, but they are incredibly happy and excited," the
source said Us.

Morris, who plays ditsy cheerleader Brittany on the FOX show, has long said she
wants a family with Hubbell, even if it means shutting down her career.

"I want to marry Taylor and have kids with him," Morris told Fitness magazine in
2011. "I love acting, but if it affects my relationship, then I won't continue."

A second source told Us the pair has no plans to get married yet, though "I see
it in their future."

AMANDA BYNES MISSES COURT: Amanda Bynes missed her court date on Monday in
Southern California.

To be fair, Mondays are optimum days to spend smoking pot, driving rental cars
without a license and sending bizarre tweets.

E! News reported the actress missed a hearing on her misdemeanor case for
driving with a suspended license because she hasn't given her lawyer the signed
papers for the plea deal they worked on.

Byne's attorney Richard Hutton was advised that his client would only be granted
one more continuance on the case.

Burbank District Attorney Denny Wei said in order for the court to accept a plea
deal the defendant must fill, notarize and send out a few forms waiving certain
rights.

That sounds like a lot of work.

E! said that could be happening, as a now redheaded Bynes was spotted Tuesday
running around New York City with a FedEx envelope.

Judge Margaret Oldendorf told Hutton she expected to wrap up the case promptly
as it's been pending since September, when Bynes was charged for driving with a
suspended license. Bynes pleaded not guilty.

CLARK GABLE'S SON ARRESTED: Clark Gable's son Jon Clark Gable was arrested for
suspicion of DUI on Tuesday in Malibu after supposedly fleeing the scene of an
accident, then smashing into six parked cars.

Six? That has to be some sort of record.

Citing law enforcement sources, TMZ reported the 52-year-old is suspected of
initially rear-ending another car on Pacific Coast Highway in Malibu. Then he
allegedly fled that scene and crashed into just about every other car in Malibu.

He was arrested Monday afternoon by Sheriff's deputies. A source told TMZ "It
appears alcohol and/or drugs were involved."

Contact Tony Hicks atFacebook.com/BayAreaNewsGroup.TonyHicks
orTwitter.com/insertfoot .

APRIL 4 IN HISTORY

Thursday is April 4, the 94th day of 2013. There are 271 days left in the year.

1818: Congress decided the flag of the United States would consist of 13 red and
white stripes and 20 stars, with a new star to be added for every new state of
the Union.

1841: President William Henry Harrison succumbed to pneumonia one month after
his inaugural, becoming the first U.S. chief executive to die in office.

1850: The city of Los Angeles was incorporated.

1859: "Dixie" was performed publicly for the first time by Bryant's Minstrels at
Mechanics' Hall in New York.

1912: China proclaimed a republic in Tibet, a move fiercely opposed by Tibetans.

1933: The Navy airship USS Akron crashed in severe weather off the New Jersey
coast with the loss of 73 lives.

1949: Twelve nations, including the United States, signed the North Atlantic
Treaty in Washington, D.C.

1960: Elvis Presley recorded "Are You Lonesome Tonight?" in Nashville for RCA
Victor.

1968: Civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr., 39, was shot to death as he
stood on a balcony of the Lorraine Motel in Memphis, Tenn. (James Earl Ray later
pleaded guilty to assassinating King, then spent the rest of his life claiming
he'd been the victim of a setup.)

1973: The twin towers of New York's World Trade Center were officially
dedicated.

1975: More than 130 people, most of them children, were killed when a U.S. Air
Force transport plane evacuating Vietnamese orphans crash-landed shortly after
takeoff from Saigon.

1983: The space shuttle Challenger roared into orbit on its maiden voyage. (It
was destroyed in the disaster of January 1986.)

1988: The Arizona Senate convicted Gov. Evan Mecham of two charges of official
misconduct, and removed him from office. (Mecham was the first U.S. governor to
be impeached and removed from office in nearly six decades.)

2003: U.S. forces seized Saddam International Airport outside Baghdad.

2008: Texas authorities started removing the first of more than 400 girls from a
compound built by a polygamist sect.

2012: A federal judge sentenced five former New Orleans police officers to
prison for the deadly shootings on a bridge in the chaotic days following
Hurricane Katrina.

BIRTHDAYS

Author Maya Angelou (85), recording executive Clive Davis (81), actor Craig T.
Nelson (69), actor Hugo Weaving (53), actor David Cross (49), actor Robert
Downey Jr. (48), magician David Blaine (40), actress Jamie Lynn Spears (22).

Associated Press.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              505 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            April 3, 2013 Wednesday

Hicks: Richie Sambora walks from Bon Jovi

BYLINE: By Tony Hicks Contra Costa Times

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Entertainment; Gossip

LENGTH: 1251 words


Richie Sambora has walked away from the current Bon Jovi world tour because of
"personal issues," the band said.

Although many assumed that "issues" was a code word for substance abuse
problems, which Sambora has had in the past, TMZ claims this is not the case.
The website reported it's just a matter that Sambora has had enough of Jon Bon
Jovi.

Well, who could blame him? A guy names his band after himself, he's probably
pretty intolerable.

Sources directly connected to the band supposedly told TMZ tensions between the
two have been running high for years, and things have finally erupted. One
source said "It's a classic Jagger/Richards blowup."

Uh ... yeah. I think that's about the only way anyone could ever compare Bon
Jovi/Sambora to Jagger/Richards.

TMZ's sources say Bon Jovi constantly belittles Sambora. And they're also
fighting over money.

Sambora didn't show up at the band's show in Calgary on Tuesday night. He posted
on the Bon Jovi website that he was pulling out because of "personal issues."

Bon Jovi told the audience ,"I had two choices: pack up and go home or give you
everything I got ... Richie Sambora won't be performing for a while. If there's
ever a night I need you, it's tonight, Calgary!"

Bon Jovi is scheduled to perform in San Jose on April 25 at HP Pavilion. As of
late Wednesday afternoon, there was no word on what the band would do to replace
Sambora.

Sambora has been spending time with his daughter. TMZ said the pair were on
vacation in Hawaii last week.

MEN WHO PLOTTED TO KILL JOSS STONE CONVICTED: Two men have been convicted of
plotting to kill singer Joss Stone.

Kevin Liverpool, 35, received life imprisonment with a minimum term of 10 years
and eight months, while the sentencing of 32-year-old Junior Bradshaw was
delayed pending psychiatric reports, according to the BBC. It took a jury just
four hours to made its decision Wednesday, at the Exeter Crown Court in London.
Liverpool and Bradshaw were arrested in June 2011 near Stone's home in Devon,
after neighbors became suspicious and called police. They possessed a sword,
hammer, knives, gloves, and black bags.

What ... no chain saws?

Prosecutors said the men planned to decapitate the singer and dump her body into
a river.

I don't think I want to be famous anymore.

Stone's mother, Wendy Joseph, told reporters outside the courthouse, "Joss would
like to thank everyone for their support and all their good wishes. The whole
family is relieved the trial is over and these men are no longer in a position
to cause harm to anyone."

'GLEE' STAR PREGNANT: "Glee" star Heather Morris is pregnant with her first
child.

A source close to the 26-year-old actress told Us Weekly. "She's a little more
than three months along and starting to show." The dad-to-be is Morris' longtime
boyfriend Taylor Hubbell, whom she met in high school.

"It was totally unexpected, but they are incredibly happy and excited," the
source said Us.

Morris, who plays ditsy cheerleader Brittany on the FOX show, has long said she
wants a family with Hubbell, even if it means shutting down her career.

"I want to marry Taylor and have kids with him," Morris told Fitness magazine in
2011. "I love acting, but if it affects my relationship, then I won't continue."

A second source told Us the pair has no plans to get married yet, though "I see
it in their future."

AMANDA BYNES MISSES COURT: Amanda Bynes missed her court date on Monday in
Southern California.

To be fair, Mondays are optimum days to spend smoking pot, driving rental cars
without a license and sending bizarre tweets.

E! News reported the actress missed a hearing on her misdemeanor case for
driving with a suspended license because she hasn't given her lawyer the signed
papers for the plea deal they worked on.

Byne's attorney Richard Hutton was advised that his client would only be granted
one more continuance on the case.

Burbank District Attorney Denny Wei said in order for the court to accept a plea
deal the defendant must fill, notarize and send out a few forms waiving certain
rights.

That sounds like a lot of work.

E! said that could be happening, as a now redheaded Bynes was spotted Tuesday
running around New York City with a FedEx envelope.

Judge Margaret Oldendorf told Hutton she expected to wrap up the case promptly
as it's been pending since September, when Bynes was charged for driving with a
suspended license. Bynes pleaded not guilty.

CLARK GABLE'S SON ARRESTED: Clark Gable's son Jon Clark Gable was arrested for
suspicion of DUI on Tuesday in Malibu after supposedly fleeing the scene of an
accident, then smashing into six parked cars.

Six? That has to be some sort of record.

Citing law enforcement sources, TMZ reported the 52-year-old is suspected of
initially rear-ending another car on Pacific Coast Highway in Malibu. Then he
allegedly fled that scene and crashed into just about every other car in Malibu.

He was arrested Monday afternoon by Sheriff's deputies. A source told TMZ "It
appears alcohol and/or drugs were involved."

Contact Tony Hicks atFacebook.com/BayAreaNewsGroup.TonyHicks
orTwitter.com/insertfoot .

APRIL 4 IN HISTORY

Thursday is April 4, the 94th day of 2013. There are 271 days left in the year.

1818: Congress decided the flag of the United States would consist of 13 red and
white stripes and 20 stars, with a new star to be added for every new state of
the Union.

1841: President William Henry Harrison succumbed to pneumonia one month after
his inaugural, becoming the first U.S. chief executive to die in office.

1850: The city of Los Angeles was incorporated.

1859: "Dixie" was performed publicly for the first time by Bryant's Minstrels at
Mechanics' Hall in New York.

1912: China proclaimed a republic in Tibet, a move fiercely opposed by Tibetans.

1933: The Navy airship USS Akron crashed in severe weather off the New Jersey
coast with the loss of 73 lives.

1949: Twelve nations, including the United States, signed the North Atlantic
Treaty in Washington, D.C.

1960: Elvis Presley recorded "Are You Lonesome Tonight?" in Nashville for RCA
Victor.

1968: Civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr., 39, was shot to death as he
stood on a balcony of the Lorraine Motel in Memphis, Tenn. (James Earl Ray later
pleaded guilty to assassinating King, then spent the rest of his life claiming
he'd been the victim of a setup.)

1973: The twin towers of New York's World Trade Center were officially
dedicated.

1975: More than 130 people, most of them children, were killed when a U.S. Air
Force transport plane evacuating Vietnamese orphans crash-landed shortly after
takeoff from Saigon.

1983: The space shuttle Challenger roared into orbit on its maiden voyage. (It
was destroyed in the disaster of January 1986.)

1988: The Arizona Senate convicted Gov. Evan Mecham of two charges of official
misconduct, and removed him from office. (Mecham was the first U.S. governor to
be impeached and removed from office in nearly six decades.)

2003: U.S. forces seized Saddam International Airport outside Baghdad.

2008: Texas authorities started removing the first of more than 400 girls from a
compound built by a polygamist sect.

2012: A federal judge sentenced five former New Orleans police officers to
prison for the deadly shootings on a bridge in the chaotic days following
Hurricane Katrina.

BIRTHDAYS

Author Maya Angelou (85), recording executive Clive Davis (81), actor Craig T.
Nelson (69), actor Hugo Weaving (53), actor David Cross (49), actor Robert
Downey Jr. (48), magician David Blaine (40), actress Jamie Lynn Spears (22).

Associated Press.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              506 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                             March 5, 2009 Thursday

Harvard medical students push for disclosure of drug industry ties

BYLINE: Duff Wilson - The New York Times Media Group

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 1240 words

DATELINE: BOSTON


In a first-year pharmacology class at Harvard Medical School, Matt Zerden grew
wary as the professor promoted the benefits of cholesterol drugs and seemed to
belittle a student who had asked about side effects.

Zerden later discovered something by searching online that he began sharing with
his classmates: The professor was not only a full-time member of the Harvard
Medical faculty but also a paid consultant to 10 drug companies, including five
makers of cholesterol treatments.

''I felt really violated,'' Zerden, now a fourth-year student, recalled. ''Here
we have 160 open minds trying to learn the basics in a protected space, and the
information he was giving wasn't as pure as I think it should be.''

Zerden's minor stir four years ago has grown into a full-blown movement by more
than 200 Harvard Medical School students and sympathetic faculty members, intent
on exposing and curtailing the industry influence in their classrooms and
laboratories, as well as in Harvard's 17 affiliated teaching hospitals and
institutes.

They say they are concerned that the same money that helped build the school's
world-class status may be hurting its reputation and affecting its teaching.

The students argue, for example, that Harvard should be embarrassed by the
''F,'' or failing, grade it recently received from the American Medical Student
Association, which rates how well medical schools monitor and control drug
industry money. Harvard 's peers received much higher grades, including the top
''A'' for the University of Pennsylvania; ''Bs'' for Stanford University,
Columbia University and New York University; and the ''C'' for Yale University.

Harvard has fallen behind, some faculty members and administrators say, because
its teaching hospitals are not owned by the university, complicating reform;
because the dean is fairly new and his predecessor was such an industry booster
that he served on a pharmaceutical company's board of directors; and because a
crackdown could cost it money or faculty.

The dean, Jeffrey Flier, who says he wants Harvard to catch up with the best
practices at other leading medical schools, recently announced a 19-member
committee to re-examine his school's conflict-of-interest policies.

The Harvard students have already secured a requirement that all professors and
lecturers disclose their industry ties in class - a blanket policy that has been
adopted by no other leading medical school in the United States. (One Harvard
professor's disclosure listed 47 company affiliations.)

''Harvard needs to live up to its name,'' said Kirsten Austad, 24, a first-year
medical student who is one of the movement's leaders. ''We are really being
indoctrinated into a field of medicine that is becoming more and more
commercialized.''

David Tian, 24, a first-year Harvard Medical student, said: ''Before coming
here, I had no idea how much influence companies had on medical education. And
it's something that's purposely meant to be under the table, providing
information under the guise of education when that information is also presented
for marketing purposes.''

The students say they worry that pharmaceutical industry scandals in recent
years - including some criminal convictions, billions of dollars in fines, proof
of bias in research and publishing and false marketing claims - have cast a bad
light on the medical profession. And they criticize Harvard as being less
vigilant than other leading medical schools in monitoring potential financial
conflicts by faculty members.

Flier, the dean, says the faculty of Harvard Medical may lead those of others in
the United States in receiving money from industry, as well as from government
and charities, and he does not want to tighten the spigot.

''One entirely appropriate source, if done properly, is industrial funds,''
Flier said in an interview.

The payments, however, are drawing scrutiny even in Washington. On Tuesday,
Senator Charles Grassley asked the drug maker Pfizer to provide details of its
payments to at least 149 Harvard faculty members in the last two years.

The request expands Grassley's investigation of industry payments to three
Harvard psychiatrists who had promoted antipsychotic medicines for children.
According to records Grassley obtained from drug companies, the professors were
accused of not properly reporting at least $4.2 million in payments from 2000 to
2007. One of them has been suspended from conducting clinical trials.

The senator, an Iowa Republican, also asked for any Pfizer e-mail, faxes,
letters or photos regarding Harvard medical students who have protested drug
company influence.

At an October demonstration, which involved about 50 Harvard Medical students
and was sponsored by the American Medical Student Association, some protesters
saw a man photographing them with a cellphone. He later identified himself as a
Pfizer representative but did not give his name.

A Pfizer spokesman said Tuesday that the company ''will fully cooperate with
Senator Grassley's request .''

The spokesman, Ray Kerins, said Pfizer regrets it if the photograph taken by the
sales representative ''was offensive to anyone involved'' but believes the
company has acted legally and ethically and that collaboration with medical
schools is ''a valuable source of innovation and scientific advancement.''

Kerins said recently that the man had told him the photos were for personal use.
Kerins said the man, whom he declined to name, had done nothing improper.
Harvard policy prohibits drug representatives from interacting with students on
the medical campus but does not bar them from the campus or from taking
photographs.

David Cameron, spokesman for Harvard Medical School, said in an e-mail message,
''We are unable to provide comment on this matter.''

With Harvard's endowment having lost 22 percent of its value since last July and
the recession causing philanthropic contributors to retrench, school officials
maintain that corporate support for their faculty is all the more crucial.

The school said it was unable to provide annual measures of the money flow to
its faculty, beyond the $8.6 million that pharmaceutical companies contributed
last year for basic-science research and the $3 million they provided for
continuing education .

But no one disputes that many individual Harvard Medical faculty members receive
tens or even hundreds of thousands of dollars a year through industry consulting
and speaking fees. Under the school's disclosure rules, about 1,600 of 8,900
professors and lecturers have reported to the dean that they or family members
had a financial interest in a business related to their teaching, research or
clinical care. The reports show 149 with financial ties to Pfizer and 130 with
Merck.

The rules, though, do not require them to report specific amounts received for
speaking or consulting, other than broad indications like ''more than $30,000.''
Some faculty who conduct research have limits of $30,000 in stock and $20,000 a
year in fees. But there are no limits on companies' making gifts to faculty -
meals, trips or the like.

A smaller faction among Harvard's 750 medical students has circulated a petition
signed by about 100 people that calls for ''continued interaction between
medicine and industry at Harvard Medical School.''

A leader of the group, Vijay Yanamadala, 22, said, ''To say that because these
industry sources are inherently biased, physicians should never listen to them,
is wrong.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              507 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                             March 5, 2009 Thursday

Harvard medical students push for disclosure of drug industry ties

BYLINE: Duff Wilson - The New York Times Media Group

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 1188 words

DATELINE: BOSTON


In a first-year pharmacology class at Harvard Medical School, Matt Zerden grew
wary as the professor promoted the benefits of cholesterol drugs and seemed to
belittle a student who had asked about side effects.

Zerden later discovered something by searching online that he began sharing with
his classmates: The professor was not only a full-time member of the Harvard
Medical faculty but also a paid consultant to 10 drug companies, including five
makers of cholesterol treatments.

''I felt really violated,'' Zerden, now a fourth-year student, recalled. ''Here
we have 160 open minds trying to learn the basics in a protected space, and the
information he was giving wasn't as pure as I think it should be.''

Zerden's minor stir four years ago has grown into a full-blown movement by more
than 200 Harvard Medical School students and sympathetic faculty members, intent
on exposing and curtailing the industry influence in their classrooms and
laboratories, as well as in Harvard's 17 affiliated teaching hospitals and
institutes.

They say they are concerned that the same money that helped build the school's
world-class status may be hurting its reputation and affecting its teaching.

The students argue, for example, that Harvard should be embarrassed by the
''F,'' or failing, grade it recently received from the American Medical Student
Association, which rates how well medical schools monitor and control drug
industry money. Harvard 's peers received much higher grades, including the top
''A'' for the University of Pennsylvania; ''Bs'' for Stanford University,
Columbia University and New York University; and the ''C'' for Yale University.

Harvard has fallen behind, some faculty members and administrators say, because
its teaching hospitals are not owned by the university, complicating reform;
because the dean is fairly new and his predecessor was such an industry booster
that he served on a pharmaceutical company's board of directors; and because a
crackdown could cost it money or faculty.

The dean, Jeffrey Flier, who says he wants Harvard to catch up with the best
practices at other leading medical schools, recently announced a 19-member
committee to re-examine his school's conflict-of-interest policies.

The Harvard students have already secured a requirement that all professors and
lecturers disclose their industry ties in class - a blanket policy that has been
adopted by no other leading medical school in the United States. (One Harvard
professor's disclosure listed 47 company affiliations.)

''Harvard needs to live up to its name,'' said Kirsten Austad, 24, a first-year
medical student who is one of the movement's leaders. ''We are really being
indoctrinated into a field of medicine that is becoming more and more
commercialized.''

David Tian, 24, a first-year Harvard Medical student, said: ''Before coming
here, I had no idea how much influence companies had on medical education. And
it's something that's purposely meant to be under the table, providing
information under the guise of education when that information is also presented
for marketing purposes.''

The students say they worry that pharmaceutical industry scandals in recent
years - including some criminal convictions, billions of dollars in fines, proof
of bias in research and publishing and false marketing claims - have cast a bad
light on the medical profession. And they criticize Harvard as being less
vigilant than other leading medical schools in monitoring potential financial
conflicts by faculty members.

Flier, the dean, says the faculty of Harvard Medical may lead those of others in
the United States in receiving money from industry, as well as from government
and charities, and he does not want to tighten the spigot.

''One entirely appropriate source, if done properly, is industrial funds,''
Flier said in an interview.

The payments, however, are drawing scrutiny even in Washington. On Tuesday,
Senator Charles Grassley asked the drug maker Pfizer to provide details of its
payments to at least 149 Harvard faculty members in the last two years.

The request expands Grassley's investigation of industry payments to three
Harvard psychiatrists who had promoted antipsychotic medicines for children.
According to records Grassley obtained from drug companies, the professors were
accused of not properly reporting at least $4.2 million in payments from 2000 to
2007. One of them has been suspended from conducting clinical trials.

The senator, an Iowa Republican, also asked for any Pfizer e-mail, faxes,
letters or photos regarding Harvard medical students who have protested drug
company influence.

At an October demonstration, which involved about 50 Harvard Medical students
and was sponsored by the American Medical Student Association, some protesters
saw a man photographing them with a cellphone. He later identified himself as a
Pfizer representative but did not give his name.

A Pfizer spokesman said Tuesday that the company ''will fully cooperate with
Senator Grassley's request .''

The spokesman, Ray Kerins, said Pfizer regrets it if the photograph taken by the
sales representative ''was offensive to anyone involved'' but believes the
company has acted legally and ethically and that collaboration with medical
schools is ''a valuable source of innovation and scientific advancement.''

Kerins said recently that the man had told him the photos were for personal use.
Harvard policy prohibits drug representatives from interacting with students on
the medical campus but does not bar them from the campus or from taking
photographs.

David Cameron, spokesman for Harvard Medical School, said in an e-mail message,
''We are unable to provide comment on this matter.''

With Harvard's endowment having lost 22 percent of its value since last July and
the recession causing philanthropic contributors to retrench, school officials
maintain that corporate support for their faculty is all the more crucial.

The school said it was unable to provide annual measures of the money flow to
its faculty, beyond the $8.6 million that pharmaceutical companies contributed
last year for basic-science research and the $3 million they provided for
continuing education .

But no one disputes that many individual Harvard Medical faculty members receive
tens or even hundreds of thousands of dollars a year through industry consulting
and speaking fees. Under the school's disclosure rules, about 1,600 of 8,900
professors and lecturers have reported to the dean that they or family members
had a financial interest in a business related to their teaching, research or
clinical care.

The rules, though, do not require them to report specific amounts received for
speaking or consulting, other than broad indications like ''more than $30,000.''
Some faculty who conduct research have limits of $30,000 in stock and $20,000 a
year in fees. But there are no limits on companies' making gifts to faculty -
meals, trips or the like.

A smaller faction among Harvard's 750 medical students has circulated a petition
signed by about 100 people that calls for ''continued interaction between
medicine and industry at Harvard Medical School.''

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              508 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            March 4, 2009 Wednesday

Medical ethics dispute at Harvard;
Some seek to curb industry influence

BYLINE: Duff Wilson - The New York Times Media Group

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 1049 words

DATELINE: BOSTON


In a first-year pharmacology class at Harvard Medical School, Matt Zerden grew
wary as the professor promoted the benefits of cholesterol drugs and seemed to
belittle a student who asked about side effects.

Zerden later discovered something by searching online that he began sharing with
his classmates: The professor was not only a full-time member of the Harvard
Medical faculty but also a paid consultant to 10 drug companies, including 5
makers of cholesterol treatments.

''I felt really violated,'' Zerden, now a fourth-year student, recalled. ''Here
we have 160 open minds trying to learn the basics in a protected space, and the
information he was giving wasn't as pure as I think it should be.''

Zerden's minor stir four years ago has grown into a full-blown movement by more
than 200 Harvard Medical School students and sympathetic faculty members, intent
on exposing and curtailing the industry influence in their classrooms and
laboratories, as well as in Harvard's 17 affiliated teaching hospitals and
institutes.

They say they are concerned that the same money that helped build the school's
world-class status may be hurting its reputation and affecting its teaching.

The students argue, for example, that Harvard should be embarrassed by the
''F,'' or failing, grade it recently received from the American Medical Student
Association, which rates how well medical schools monitor and control drug
industry money. Harvard Medical School's peers received much higher grades,
ranging from the top ''A'' for the University of Pennsylvania, to ''Bs''
received by Stanford University, Columbia University and New York University, to
the ''C'' for Yale University.

Harvard has fallen behind, some faculty and administrators say, because its
teaching hospitals are not owned by the university, complicating reform; because
the dean is fairly new and his predecessor was such an industry booster that he
served on a pharmaceutical company board of directors; and because a crackdown
could cost it money or faculty.

The dean, Dr. Jeffrey Flier, who says he wants Harvard to catch up with the best
practices at other leading medical schools, recently announced a 19-member
committee to re-examine his school's conflict-of-interest policies.

Advising the group will be Dr. David Korn, a former dean of the Stanford Medical
School who started work at Harvard University about four months ago as vice
provost for research. Last year, he helped the Association of American Medical
Colleges draft a model conflict-of-interest policy for medical schools.

The Harvard students have already secured a requirement that all professors and
lecturers disclose their industry ties in class - a blanket policy that has been
adopted by no other leading medical school in the United States. (One Harvard
professor's disclosure listed 47 company affiliations.)

''Harvard needs to live up to its name,'' said Kirsten Austad, 24, a first-year
Harvard Medical student who is one of the movement's leaders. ''We are really
being indoctrinated into a field of medicine that is becoming more and more
commercialized.''

David Tian, 24, a first-year Harvard Medical student, said: ''Before coming
here, I had no idea how much influence companies had on medical education. And
it's something that's purposely meant to be under the table, providing
information under the guise of education when that information is also presented
for marketing purposes.''

The students say they worry that pharmaceutical industry scandals in recent
years - including some criminal convictions, billions of dollars in fines, proof
of bias in research and publishing and false marketing claims - have cast a bad
light on the medical profession. And they criticize Harvard as being less
vigilant than other leading medical schools in monitoring potential financial
conflicts by faculty members.

Flier, the dean, says the faculty of Harvard Medical may lead those of others in
the United States in receiving money from industry, as well as from government
and charities, and he does not want to tighten the spigot.

''One entirely appropriate source, if done properly, is industrial funds,''
Flier said in an interview.

And school officials see corporate support for their faculty as all the more
crucial, as the university endowment has lost 22 percent of its value since last
July and the recession has caused philanthropic contributors to retrench. The
school said it was unable to provide annual measures of the money flow to its
faculty, beyond the $8.6 million that pharmaceutical companies contributed last
year for basic-science research and the $3 million for continuing education
classes on campus.

Most of the money goes to professors at the Harvard-affiliated teaching
hospitals, and the dean's office does not keep track of the total.

But no one disputes that many individual Harvard Medical faculty members receive
tens or even hundreds of thousands of dollars a year through industry consulting
and speaking fees. Under the school's disclosure rules, about 1,600 of 8,900
professors and lecturers have reported to the dean that they or a family member
had a financial interest in a business related to their teaching, research or
clinical care. The reports show 149 with financial ties to Pfizer and 130 with
Merck.

The rules, though, do not require them to report specific amounts received for
speaking or consulting, other than broad indications like ''more than $30,000.''
Some faculty who conduct research have limits of $30,000 in stock and $20,000 a
year in fees. But there are no limits on companies' making outright gifts to
faculty - free meals, tickets, trips or the like.

A smaller rival faction among Harvard's 750 medical students has circulated a
petition signed by about 100 people that calls for ''continued interaction
between medicine and industry at Harvard Medical School.''

Encouraging them is Dr. Thomas Stossel, a Harvard Medical professor who has
served on advisory boards for Merck, Biogen Idec and Dyax, and has written
widely on academic-industry ties. ''I think if you look at it with intellectual
honesty, you see industry interaction has produced far more harm than good,''
Stossel said. ''Harvard absolutely could get more from industry but I think
they're very skittish. There's a huge opportunity we ought to mine.''

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              509 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Christian Science Monitor (Boston, MA)

                          November 10, 2005, Thursday

California goes back to square one

BYLINE: Daniel B. Wood Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor

SECTION: USA; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 501 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES



HIGHLIGHT: Rejection of governor's four referendums puts heat on both parties to
solve pressing issues.


By saying "no" to four initiatives backed by Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger,
California voters have sent a clear message about what they don't want:

* A governor who belittles legislative opponents and threatens to go directly to
the voters through special elections if legislators don't do his bidding.

* A state chief executive with power to unilaterally reduce state spending.

* A weakening of labor's political- donation structure.

What is less clear is what California voters do want to solve the problems that
the referendums were supposed to fix.

"This has been a very mystifying special election because voters say they don't
like the way the state budget is done and the bellicose political environment,
but they don't want any of the changes proposed to fix them" says John
Matsusaka, president of the Initiative and Referendum Institute, a nonpartisan
research group. "We've just had the most expensive [initiative] election in
state history and not solved anything."

Of the initiatives backed by Governor Schwarzenegger, the proposal to expand the
governor's budget powers (Proposition 76), and redraw legislative district lines
to create more competitive races (Proposition 77) were seen as the most
substantive. They were handily defeated Tuesday by 60 percent or more of the
voters. A similar redistricting referendum in Ohio, which would have taken that
power away from the state legislature, was defeated even more roundly by 70
percent of voters.

California's Propositions 74 (extending the time before teachers get tenure) and
75 (restricting union dues for political purposes) also lost by smaller margins.
Now, Schwarzenegger and his Democratic opponents must return to a political
status quo and fix the state's considerable problems in an election year with a
chastened chief executive.

"The state has already begun its campaign for governor and it is always hard to
govern in that environment," says Elizabeth Garrett, a law professor and
political analyst at the University of Southern California (USC). "I am not
optimistic in both sides' ability to reach across the aisle and achieve the
compromises they need to solve budget problems that they have so far only
postponed with short-term fixes."

But several other observers note that key Democrats are not gloating over the
complete defeat of Schwarzenegger's reforms. Realizing their own approval
ratings have lingered below the governor's, they are rather surmising openly
that voters still want action.

"Schwarzenegger has been repudiated but the situation is still tough for those
on both sides of the aisle," says Kareem Crayton, professor of politics at USC.
"Arnold is going to have to figure out a way to say 'I get the message, I've
taken my licks, and am going to try to turn over a new leaf.' Democrats are in a
sense back to square one, figuring out how to do the people's business so that
voters don't throw their arms up in the air and get any madder at them than they
already are."

(c) Copyright 2005. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2005 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              510 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   InfoWorld

                                 April 6, 1987

Despite Some Notable Absences, West Coast Computer Faire Is Still Tops

By Jerry Pournelle; Jerry Pournelle is a noted science fiction writer and
computer columnist.  The views expressed are his own

SECTION: A USER'S VIEW; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 1499 words


I have just finished four days of the 12th West Coast Computer Faire, and while
the Faire is still my favorite computer show, it sure is different from what it
used to be.

For one thing, the big parties are a thing of the past.  GE took a bunch of us
out for a cruise on the SS City of San Francisco; that was not only the best
party of the Faire, it was very nearly the only one.

There was a time when major companies used the Faire as a place to announce
their newest stuff.  One year, we saw the very first machines based on the 68000
chip.  At another Faire, Bill Godbout showed the first Compupro dual processor
8080/8086 machines.  Of course, the West Coast Computer Faire is no longer the
most important show of the year -- fall Comdex takes that honor -- but it's
still more important to the micro community than, say, the National Computing
Convention.  It's odd that no one uses the Faire to launch products.

The closest thing we had to a major product announcement this year was Tandon's
public showing of its Pac 286 removable hard disk cartridge system.  I don't
want to belittle the Pac 286; it's an excellent product that ought to have a
real impact on the small-computer world.  Still, it's not the same thing as,
say, the first real public showing of the Macintosh.  On the other hand, some of
the flavor of the old Faires was still around in a hundred tiny booths along the
far walls.  In past Faires, companies like Broderbund and Sage, and even giants
like Micropro, were first seen in those microbooths.  The typical pattern was
for a company to announce its existence at one Faire, take a larger booth (but
one still against the wall) at the next, and after that either vanish or be able
to afford a big free-standing display from then on.

That's changed a bit: Some companies start at the Faire, but when they get big
enough, they ignore end-users and go to a different kind of show.

Another thing that hasn't changed is the blowout sales on equipment and
software.  One outfit, J&D, literally sold everything including their display
equipment and furniture -- by the time the Faire was done, there was nothing
left but the carpet provided by the Moscone Center.  The other outfits didn't do
anything quite that drastic, but they sold a lot of stuff.  You could buy floppy
disk drives for less than $ 75 and 20-megabyte hard disks with a controller for
$ 300 or so.  By late Sunday afternoon, software was being discounted to
essentially nothing, so there was what amounted to a feeding frenzy near some
booths.

The Faire continues to have the best programs in the industry.  Where else can
you hear a panel with John Dvorak, Steve Wozniak, Dan Lancaster, Dave Bunnell,
Gary Kildall, Lee Felsenstein, and Jim Warren reminiscing about what it was like
in the early days of the computer revolution?

For all that, the flavor was different, and it didn't take long to see why.  All
you had to do was see who was there and who wasn't -- there were a lot of
surprises.

To start with, IBM was there.  Consider that the Faire always draws big crowds,
but they tend to be enthusiasts: home users, hackers, and just people interested
in getting in on the computer revolution.  You could wander the aisles for 20
minutes without seeing a necktie and hours before you'd see a Faire goer in a
three-piece suit.  Of course, the IBM people were in suits and ties, with the
women dressed as nearly like men as skirt suits would let them, but you get the
idea: IBM was at the Faire to talk to people who like small computers and buy
them one at a time.

Apple was not there.  The company that likes to say it's user-friendly couldn't
be bothered.  I can remember when the Apple exhibit was the biggest at the
Faire.  It's different now: The new managers at Apple have opened up the Mac,
but apparently they don't want to talk to anyone who doesn't wear a three-piece
suit.  I hear rumors that they'll be at next year's Faire.  I sure hope so.
Just think what would have happened if IBM had announced their new 386 at the
hackers' computer faire.

Another outfit that desperately needed to be at the Faire was Commodore.  The
Commodore Amiga A-2000 is potentially one of the more exciting machines to be
introduced this year.  The First Amiga User Group had an A-2000, and everyone
was suitably impressed with it.  It's a pity Apple couldn't spare one of the Mac
IIs for one of its user groups to show.  It would have been the hit of the show.
As it was, the Amiga A-2000 got a lot of attention, while the Atari user groups
and developers showed off new software for the Atari ST.

Not only was Kaypro at the Faire, but Kaypro president David Kay was in the
booth.  Kaypro hasn't forgotten where the company's early support came from.
The Kaypro 386 is fast and impressive.

AT&T wasn't there.  Here's a company that spent wads of money to have the
biggest booths at the nearly unattended winter Comdex in Los Angeles last year;
a company that keeps announcing its support of Unix but which didn't bother to
come to the hackers' favorite show.  Maybe AT&T ought to buy Exidy Sorcerer to
gain marketing skill.  The only place I saw the AT&T death star was at a lonely
User Group booth.  It's a real pity because the AT&T 6300 Plus is one of the
best ATs out there.

On the other hand, Zenith was at the Faire, though not in the kind of strength
it used to be.  In days past, Zenith took out a big area and made space
available for developers to show their products, like Walt Bilofsky's Software
Toolworks.  It also brought in programmers and technical people to talk to the
hackers attending the show.  This year, it was content to have marketing people.
Of course, that's a lot more than Hewlet-Packard did: It wasn't there at all.

The most surprising omission was Microsoft.  Now that IBM has dropped Topview
and announced support for Windows, it behooves Microsoft to make friends with as
many software developers and programmers as possible, and the Faire is the place
to do that.  I wasn't surprised that Digital Research didn't come, although it
sure ought to have been there; but it was just plain dumb for Microsoft to stay
away.

The same thing goes for Micropro.  Word Perfect was at the Faire with bells on:
Its hourly show drew the biggest crowds of the weekend.  Yet even though
Micropro has recently released the first update of Wordstar in years, it didn't
have a booth.  I saw Charlie Stevenson, Micropro's chief programmer, but no one
else.  It's too bad; Wordstar 4.0 is good enough to be a contender.

Of course, all these companies think they're playing it smart.  Why spend money
to come to the West Coast Faire and talk to a bunch of grungy users?  Much
better to send your marketing people out to corporate American and talk to
people who wear three-piece suits.

The problem with that logic is that while the people from corporate American who
buy computers may not come to the Faire, their programmers and people they get
their advice from almost certainly do.

What I saw most of at the Faire were offshore machines based on the 386 chip.
Since one major advantage of the 386 is its capability to address large blocks
of memory, it was also significant that during the Faire, the U.S. government
announced new steps to enforce the silly U.S.-created cartel designed to make
memory chips more expensive.  According to the Department of Commerce, the
Japanese have been "dumping" chips -- i.e., selling them to us at below their
cost of manufacture -- for years.  It's a bit hard to see what good that does
the Japanese.  As for me, I wish we could get the Germans mad enough to dump
Mercedes and Porsche automobiles onto us.

Many of the new 386 machines were -- at least in theory -- not for sale, because
they hadn't yet received FCC approval.  The FCC had a booth at the Faire.  Of
course, it was manned by government workers who came in late, left early, and
weren't there on Sunday at all.  None of them could tell me just what good it
does me to have a bunch of highly paid people protect me from a low-cost
computer that might, if put close enough to the receiver, mess up my TV
reception.  It isn't that I'm against having some electronic quiet around the
house; but since the FCC takes its own sweet time about approving new
applications, that's just one more barrier to newcomer entry into the computer
field.

There was a time when Steve Wozniak could design and build a computer that he
wanted for himself, take orders from friends for copies of it, and parlay that
into a new company employing hundreds of people.  Now he'd have to go to the
FCC, fill out forms, hand them a copy of the machine, and wait and wait and wait
until the government graciously gave him permission to take orders.

That may be a good way to get better TV reception, but it's a lousy way to
create new jobs.

The West Coast Faire has changed a lot in the last dozen years, but it's still
my favorite computer show.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture 1, no caption; Picture 2, The Tandon PAC 286 contains two
receptacles for Personal Data Pacs, which are fast-access, removable Winchester
disks.

                      Copyright 1987 InfoWorld Media Group


                              511 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                            November 11, 2016 Friday

Divisiveness just what we don't need

BYLINE: By Marcus DiNatale, Guest Columnist

SECTION: OPINION; Columnists

LENGTH: 652 words


Mr. Delfeld's guest column on Wednesday is an insulting, divisive and
condescending piece aimed at those who voted for the victorious presidential
candidate he did not want. He belittles the mentality and conscience of millions
of conservative-minded voters, characterizing them as lazy thinkers who are
subjective rather than objective in their opinions.

Millions of Americans on Election Day cast their vote for Donald Trump in direct
repudiation of the Democratic Party's nominee, Hillary Clinton, and the outgoing
president's policies. Trump winning traditionally blue states like Pennsylvania,
Wisconsin and Michigan, along with swing-states like Florida and Ohio, states
with scores of blue-collar workers of all backgrounds, is a testament to the
legitimate and real concerns working-class America has regarding the economy,
taxes, jobs, health care and regulations.

Jobs continue to be outsourced to foreign countries with far less regulations
and lower taxes. The EPA is principally responsible for this outsourcing with
its crushing regulatory hammer. The United States has the highest corporate tax
rate in the world. The Affordable Care Act, which is anything but affordable, is
contributing to jobs going from full-time to part-time, hiring freezes to avoid
the minimum requirements, and skyrocketing premiums and deductibles coupled with
limited choices. The coal industry is practically on life support. Manufacturing
opportunities are becoming more and more scant. And many millennials coming out
of college or seeking trade opportunities cannot find work and are hence
underemployed.

While many like Mr. Delfeld think the economy is just fine and we never had it
so "easy" these past eight years as he puts it, a great majority of Americans
understandably and justifiably feel otherwise. To state, as Mr. Delfeld does,
that the nation will now veer toward Nazism and propagate sexism, racism and
xenophobia as a result of who won is utter nonsense.

To highlight this absurdity, 8 percent of African-Americans, 28 percent of
Latinos, 45 percent of the college-educated, 51 percent of non-college educated,
and 42 percent of women, including 25 percent of noneducated Latino women and 62
percent of non-college educated white women voted for Donald Trump. Does Mr.
Delfeld and others with his mindset believe therefore that these voting blocs
voted for racism, sexism, bigotry and xenophobia? Who knew 42 percent of women
voted for sexism? Who knew 28 percent of Latinos voted for racism and
xenophobia? See how ridiculous this is?

President Obama stated the following the day after the election, "The point
though is that we all go forward with a presumption of good faith in our fellow
citizens, because that presumption of good faith is essential to a vibrant and
functioning democracy. That's how this country has moved forward for 240 years.
It's how we've pushed boundaries and promoted freedom around the world. That's
how we've expanded the rights of our founding to reach all of our citizens. It's
how we have come this far. And that's why I'm confident that this incredible
journey that we're on, as Americans, will go on. And I'm looking forward to
doing everything that I can to make sure that the next president is successful
in that."

This statement, given whom the president campaigned hard for, is both gracious
and mature, whether Americans find it genuine or not. Perhaps Mr. Delfeld should
take note of the outgoing president's unifying words and not peddle
divisiveness, but I will not hold my breath. This is what he and others who
share his mindset think of you, the 5,700 voters in Fitchburg, more than 1
million voters in Massachusetts, and more than 59 million voters in the nation
who voted for a presidential candidate he has disdain for. Let us collectively,
regardless of whom you voted for, reject this divisive rhetoric.

Marcus DiNatale is a Fitchburg city councilor-at-large.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              512 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                      May 9, 2001 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

Murray's Kings chase destiny

BYLINE: George Johnson

SOURCE: Calgary Herald

SECTION: SPORTS, Pg. F1 / FRONT George Johnson

LENGTH: 832 words


"We're not doing anything spectacular. We're doing what's expected."-- Kings
coach Andy Murray

Expected? By whom, pray tell? The Napoleon impersonators queued up for the
lunchroom buffet at Happydale Sanitarium?

The L.A. Kings may not be blessed with a Shanahan or Fedorov or Lidstrom on
their roster. Or a Forsberg, Sakic, Bourque or -- ahem -- Blake, for that
matter. But they've got a ringer in the lineup craftier than Gretzky, more
dynamic than Lemieux, a guy who wins more often than Scotty, Toe and Dick Irvin
Sr. put together.

Goes by the name of Destiny.

If available, he'd be first choice in any pre-playoff hockey pool.

"I'm having a tough time reading all this disaster stuff (in the Colorado
papers)," a slightly miffed Andy Murray is saying Tuesday night from Denver. He
is sniffling, but not at the critics who belittle the Avs, and thus in a
roundabout way his team, for the tightness of this series.

The man has a cold.

"They're all predicting that if we win, Bob Hartley will get fired. It's all
over. The sky will have fallen. Well, come on . . . that inference, I think,
doesn't give us our due. Or Bob Hartley his due. Colorado finished first
overall, then swept Vancouver and now they're in a real battle, a seventh game.
What's so bad about the job Bob Hartley's done?"

Nothing. But it seems inevitable that Hartley will take the fall if the
Avalanche plummets. Looking at the array of talent at his disposal, it was felt
he'd hit the biggest jackpot the state had seen since the Colorado Lode. In some
years, some instances, however, sheer volume of skill doesn't seem to matter.

There's a karma, a feeling, an undeniable higher power at work here. It defies
analysis or description. And it's all in the Kings' corner heading into Game 7
at the Pepsi Center tonight.

On the eve of the biggest game in eight years for this franchise, Murray is
describing his team's attitude as "very businesslike. Just like we wanted.
Nobody's getting too excited or too high. We've had lapses at different times in
this series but I think we've played well most of every game, even the ones we
lost."

Bet the farm on them playing well again tonight. It's the Avalanche who have
everything to lose in this showdown.

The Kings, remember, slipped into the playoffs only on the last weekend of the
regular season. They've won seven games this playoff spring, all by one goal,
two of those in overtime. When they fell behind 2-0 in games to the Detroit Red
Wings, people already were speaking of them in past tense, and they rallied to
take the next four. They found themselves down 3-1 to Colorado, near consensus
favourites to emerge from the West, and now have them on the edge of the ledge,
sweating bullets.

L.A. goaltender Felix Potvin now has held the Avalanche, the third
highest-scoring team in the game, scoreless through the last 164 minutes and 28
seconds of play.

These are the same Avs who hadn't suffered back-to-back shutouts in 287 games,
regular-season and playoff, prior to Sunday night. These are the same Kings who
historically play defence the way Jack Benny played Love in Bloom on the violin.

Colorado may have home-ice advantage but the astounding Kings can counter with
momentum and Destiny on their side.

"We're battling," says Murray proudly. "It's been a heckuva series for that. On
both sides. We showed our guys a clip this morning of Peter Forsberg and Matty
Norstrom starting in the corner and working down the boards, neither one giving
an inch. They're best friends, by the way. But Forsberg wouldn't give up the
puck and Matty wasn't letting him get around him. They just went at it, for 23
seconds! At the end of the clip, our guys were kind of laughing.

"But, to me anyway, that sequence typified this series."

And Murray's never-say-die Kings.

Imagine if they could somehow, some way, advance all the way to the final,
having beaten Detroit, Colorado and St. Louis along the way. That'd be like
facing the heart of the '27 Yankees' famed Murderer's Row and striking out the
side in the bottom of the ninth.

Right now, Andy Murray isn't afraid to let his guys rear back and throw.

"People ask me how I'm feeling before the first Game 7 of my career? Am I
nervous? Am I having trouble sleeping? Hey, I've coached some pretty important
games during my years with the national team. I was in charge of Shattuck-St.
Mary's when we had to go to triple overtime to win a national championship.

"This isn't any different than being involved in those types of games.

"We're not exactly a bunch of bums. We had 92 points, were second or third in
offence most of the year, third or fourth on the power play all year, second in
the league in hits and in the top 10 in shots against.

"Give us some credit. The Avalanche are playing a gutsy team. They're playing a
good team."

Maybe, tonight will bear out, even at the moment, a better team.

George Johnson can be reached at johnsong@theherald.southam.ca

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Sports; Column

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              513 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           January 30, 2008 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Margaret Truman Daniel, President's Daughter and Popular Author, Dies at 83

BYLINE: By LAWRENCE VAN GELDER

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 2191 words


Margaret Truman Daniel, the president's daughter who achieved renown in her own
right as a concert singer, radio and television host, and author of best-selling
biographies and mysteries, died on Tuesday in Chicago. She was 83 and had lived
until recently  on the Upper East Side of Manhattan.

Her death was announced by her oldest son, Clifton Truman Daniel. Mrs. Daniel
died after a brief illness in an assisted living center, where she had been on a
respirator, according to the Harry S. Truman Library and Museum in Independence,
Mo. A library spokeswoman said Mrs. Daniel had been preparing to move from her
Park Avenue home to Chicago to live near Mr. Daniel.

Most Americans first knew Margaret Truman as the young woman with blue-green
eyes, ash-blond hair and dimpled cheeks who was the only child of the somewhat
obscure vice president from Missouri who had ascended to the presidency on the
sudden death of President Franklin D. Roosevelt on April 12, 1945, as World War
II neared its end.

Before long, they were following her career as the aspiring singer whose doting
father sprang to her defense with a memorably scorching letter to a Washington
music critic who had had the temerity to belittle her talent.

In time there was her headline-making marriage to a dashing newspaperman,
Clifton Daniel, who eventually became the managing editor of The New York Times,
and the birth of their four sons.

As the decades passed, Americans by the hundreds of thousands knew Mrs. Daniel,
too, as Margaret Truman, the author of 32 books, including biographies of both
her parents and 23 mystery novels in her popular ''Capital Crime Series,'' all
set in and around Washington.

The confrontation that in retrospect became the climax of Mrs. Daniel's singing
career took place in December 1950. She had been singing professionally since
March 16, 1947, when she made her debut as a coloratura with the Detroit
Symphony Orchestra in a radio broadcast that drew an audience estimated at 15
million and, afterward, mixed reviews from the critics.

Later that year, in her first appearance on a concert stage, she sang before a
huge audience -- estimates range from 15,000 to 20,000 people -- at the
Hollywood Bowl, accompanied by the 90-piece Hollywood Bowl Symphony, led by her
favorite conductor, Eugene Ormandy. In the next few years she sang in more than
30 cities, appeared at Carnegie Hall and signed an exclusive contract with RCA
Victor Red Seal Records.

'You'll Need a New Nose'

And so she came to Constitution Hall in Washington.

''Because of my father, I was more easily able to obtain important
engagements,'' she wrote in her book ''Letters From Father: The Truman Family's
Personal Correspondence'' (Arbor House. 1981). ''But I also received more
attention by first-string critics and more demanding audiences, who felt that
because my father was the president, I had to be not better than average, but
better than the best in order to justify my appearing on the stage.''

Mrs. Daniel thought her performance at Constitution Hall to be one of her better
ones. But Paul Hume, the music critic of The Washington Post, while praising her
personality, wrote that ''she cannot sing very well.''

''She is flat a good deal of the time,'' Mr. Hume added, concluding that she had
no ''professional finish.''

Incensed, President Truman dispatched a combative note to Mr. Hume, who released
it to the press.

''I have just read your lousy review,'' it said, adding, ''I have never met you,
but if I do, you'll need a new nose.''

In the ensuing uproar, reporters pressed Mrs. Daniel for her reaction to her
father's letter. ''I'm glad to see that chivalry is not dead,'' she told them.

In a revealing biography, ''Harry S. Truman'' (William Morrow, 1973), Mrs.
Daniel wrote: ''Dad discussed the letter with his aides and was annoyed to find
that they all thought it was a mistake. They felt that it damaged his image as
president and would only add to his political difficulties. 'Wait till the mail
comes in,' Dad said. 'I'll make you a bet that 80 percent of it is on my side of
the argument.'

''A week later, after a staff meeting, Dad ordered everybody to follow him, and
they marched to the mail room,'' Mrs. Daniel continued. ''The clerks had stacked
up thousands of 'Hume' letters received in piles and made up a chart showing the
percentages for and against the president. Slightly over 80 percent favored
Dad's defense of me. Most of the letter writers were mothers who said they
understood exactly how Dad felt and would have expected their husbands to defend
their daughters the same way.

'' 'The trouble with you guys is,' Dad said to the staff as he strode back to
work, 'you just don't understand human nature.' ''

Mrs. Daniel adored her father. She inherited his candor, directness and wit, and
she credited him with prophesying her literary career. ''You write
interestingly,'' he wrote to her in 1946, adding that perhaps in time ''you can
be a great storywriter.''

Her biography of her father, which became a Book-of-the-Month Club selection,
fulfilled an expectation she had raised in her first book, the autobiography
''Souvenir: Margaret Truman's Own Story'' (McGraw-Hill, 1956).

''I have no thought of writing history,'' she wrote in ''Souvenir.'' ''The best
I could hope to write would be a footnote to history. As the only child of the
president of a great world power at a cataclysmic time, I will certainly be
expected to make some comment on this man who will belong to history -- to evoke
him in special ways, available only to a daughter.''

Mr. Truman, who left office in 1953, died at 88 on Dec. 26, 1972.

Mrs. Daniel memorialized her mother, who died in 1982, in her 1986 biography,
''Bess W. Truman'' (Macmillan). In it, Mrs. Daniel recounted how her mother had
struggled to adjust to life in the White House after Roosevelt's death, feeling
''a smoldering anger that was tantamount to emotional separation.''

Among Mrs. Daniel's other nonfiction works were ''White House Pets'' (McKay,
1969), ''Women of Courage'' (Morrow, 1976), ''First Ladies: An Intimate Group
Portrait of White House Wives'' (Random House, 1995) and ''The President's
House: 1800 to the Present'' (Ballantine, 2004).

Murders Most Foul

Mrs. Daniel's foray into mysteries was an outgrowth of her years as a devotee of
the genre. ''I had been working on a nonfiction book -- a history of White House
children -- but lost interest in it,'' she said in an interview in the 1990s.
''I was with my agent one day, and I told him I had an idea for a mystery:
'Murder in the White House.' I don't know where those words came from.''

''Murder in the White House,'' about a corrupt secretary of state found
strangled in the family quarters of the executive mansion,  was published by
Arbor House in 1980. The novel climbed onto the best-seller lists, was sold to
the movies, became a Book-of-the-Month Club alternate selection and was bought
for $215,000 by Fawcett for paperback publication.

Other books in the series, issued at a rate of one a year, carry titles like
''Murder on Capitol Hill,'' ''Murder in the Supreme Court,'' ''Murder at the
Kennedy Center,'' ''Murder at the Smithsonian,'' ''Murder at the National
Cathedral'' and ''Murder at the Watergate.''

''My mother seems to have a strong opinion, often bad, of almost everyone in
Washington,'' Clifton Truman Daniel wrote in his 1995 memoir, ''Growing Up With
My Grandfather.'' ''That's why she writes those murder mysteries: so she can
kill them all off, one at a time.''

Margaret Truman was born in Independence on Feb. 17, 1924, to the former Bess
Wallace and Harry S. Truman, who was a county judge at the time. In
''Souvenir,'' written with Margaret Cousins, Mrs. Daniel said, ''I was
christened Mary Margaret Truman, after my Aunt Mary Jane Truman and Margaret for
Grandmother Wallace.'' Her father usually called her Marg (with a hard ''g'') or
Margie (also with a hard ''g'').

After Mr. Truman was elected to the  Senate in 1934, the family spent half the
year in Independence, where Margaret attended public school, and the rest of the
year in Washington, where she was a student at Gunston Hall, a boarding school
for girls. She won honors in Spanish and English and appeared in the school's
Shakespeare productions.

Margaret Truman was not fond of the White House, which she sometimes called the
Great White Jail. ''You never feel at home in the White House,'' she said in the
interview. ''Not if you have any sense.''

Her bedroom was on the second floor, overlooking Lafayette Park. One night, on a
dare, she slept in the Lincoln Bedroom, which is said to be haunted by the ghost
of the 16th president. Meanwhile, her father went in search of a tall White
House butler, planning to have him don a top hat and knock at the door in the
middle of the night.

''He couldn't find him; he'd gone home,'' Mrs. Daniel recalled with a laugh.
''We didn't see any ghosts.''

Young Margaret had been drawn to music by a piano-playing father, and she took
voice and piano lessons with his encouragement. On her 8th birthday, instead of
the electric train she longed for, she was given a baby grand piano.

As she grew older, she intensified her voice training, and when she graduated
from secondary school, she was eager to pursue a career in music. But her father
insisted on college. She enrolled at George Washington University and graduated
in 1946 with a bachelor of arts degree.

No sooner had she graduated than she set out for New York to advance her singing
career, taking a leave from it only to campaign for her father in 1948 in his
successful race as an underdog against the Republican candidate, Thomas E. Dewey
of New York.

In 1951, she embarked on a semi-official European tour, mapped by the State
Department.

A Churchill Painting

Overseas, she spoke to King Baudouin in Brussels and danced with Prince Bernhard
in The Hague; she dined at Buckingham Palace; she visited the Churchills at
their country home, Chartwell; and she accomplished the rare feat of inducing
Winston Churchill, a respected amateur artist, to surrender one of his paintings
to her.

''At the end of our lunch, Mr. Churchill announced that he had a painting which
he wanted me to take back to Mother and Dad, as a present,'' Mrs. Daniel wrote
in ''Harry S. Truman.'' '' 'I'll be glad to,' I said, 'if you put my name on it
so that eventually it will be mine.' '' Churchill harrumphed, she wrote, but
complied. The painting, ''Marrakech,'' depicts one of the gates of that Moroccan
city against the backdrop of the Atlas Mountains.

Mrs. Daniel sold the painting last month  at Sotheby's in London for $955,459.

Margaret Truman met Clifton Daniel at the home of friends in New York in the
fall of 1955. When she returned to Independence for Christmas and New Year's,
she was besieged by telegrams from him. ''I had made the mistake of going out to
Independence without giving Clifton my phone number, and it was, of course,
unlisted and unavailable, even to one of the top editors of The New York
Times,'' she wrote.

She and Mr. Daniel, then an assistant to the foreign news editor, were married
on April 21, 1956, in Trinity Protestant Episcopal Church in Independence, the
same church where Mrs. and Mrs. Truman were married on June 28, 1919.

The Daniels lived on the Upper East Side and for some 20 years spent at least
part of the summer in Point o' Woods on Fire Island. When Mr. Truman visited the
couple in Manhattan, his brisk early-morning walks  were accompanied by a
contingent of reporters. His off-the-cuff remarks on these ''constitutionals''
only added to his image as a down-to-earth leader.

Last May, Mrs. Daniel put her Manhattan apartment on the market for $8 million.
She had bought the home, at 830 Park Avenue near East 76th Street, with proceeds
from her first book.

Clifton Daniel died at 87 in 2000. In addition to her son Clifton, Mrs. Daniel
is survived by two other sons, Harrison Gates Daniel and Thomas Gates Daniel,
and five grandchildren. Her son William Wallace Daniel died in 2000 from
injuries he suffered when a taxicab struck him on Park Avenue near his mother's
home.

Though her singing career ended long ago,  Mrs. Daniel was never far from the
public eye. For several years in the 1950s she conducted her own radio program,
''Authors in the News.'' She and Mike Wallace were co-hosts of a radio show
called ''Weekday.'' In the mid-1960s, she introduced music and dance programs
from around the world as the host of the ''CBS International Hour.'' She also
acted in summer stock. And then there were her many books.

''It had been widely prophesied that when my father got out of the White House,
my so-called career would fold and the public would lose interest in plain
Margaret Truman,'' she wrote in ''Souvenir'' in 1956. ''Since I had done
everything I could think of not to trade on my father's position and to stand on
my own feet from the beginning, I felt more optimistic than the gossipers.

''I do not believe that hard work goes astray, and I know that I had worked. I
was willing to go on working.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

NAME: Margaret Truman Daniel

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Margaret Truman Daniel, holding her son William, in 1960, with
her father, former President Harry S. Truman, left, her husband, Clifton Daniel,
holding their son Clifton, and her mother, Bess Truman.
Ms. Truman's concert debut, above, at the Hollywood Bowl in 1947. After her
performance in December 1950 in Washington, her father, the president,
threatened to punch a harsh critic in the nose.
 Margaret Truman Daniel in December 1972, not long before her father died. She
wrote biographies of both her parents.(PHOTOGRAPHS BY ASSOCIATED PRESS)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary (Obit); Biography

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                              514 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            December 16, 2007 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

For new mothers, weight loss can take time

SECTION: YOUR LIFE; Jodie Lynn; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 459 words


I have twin girls and still have not lost all of the weight that I gained during
pregnancy. My husband makes rude remarks about his friend's wives losing weight
and belittles me for not doing it. The more he complains the more I become
frustrated and stressed.

Is there a weight-loss program that really works? Should I express my inner
feelings to my husband?

Readers say

Tell your insensitive husband to back off with his rude and hurtful comments.
Women's bodies are stretched out and most are worn down from pregnancy and
giving birth. - R.H. in Las Vegas

Please tell him that his comments and comparisons are unfair and hurtful. Then,
join Weight Watchers. I've used their program and meal preparation for more than
five years and have lost 120 pounds so far. - Raymond D. Bowers in Nashville,
Tenn.

Jodie Lynn says

It's not only unfair for your husband to make comparisons to his friend's wives
and their weight loss and complain about your pre-pregnancy weight, but it's
also disrespectful, mean-spirited and selfish. If you have just given birth to
twins, I'm sure that your hands are full with everything it takes to maintain
their feeding and sleep schedules, bathing, etc., and it would probably be safe
to say that similar to most new moms, you're kind of learning as you go.

It more than likely leaves little to no personal time for yourself or a weight
loss and exercise regiment. Some people can lose weight easily, while others
battle weight challenges for most of their life.

After pregnancy, however, it can take up to two years or longer for certain
areas of a woman's body to strengthen and return to pre-pregnancy state. It's
crucial for you to decide whether you want to begin a weight-loss program and
can or will follow through without any guilt.

The last thing you need is to join one for someone else and not be able to meet
that person's goals. If you do want to get started and are doing it for
yourself, research online for companies, prices, choice of meals, costs,
counseling, convenience, location, etc., and make a choice based on your
individuality and one that best fits into your life as a new mother.

Can you help?

Our 8-year-old has been diagnosed with bipolar disorder. I want to tell his
teacher and principal, but my husband disagrees. I think it would offer them
insight into his behavior and emotions and be helpful.

My husband thinks it would cause them to label him and excuse his behavior as he
gets older, which would make him an irresponsible person. Is there a happy
medium that others have done?

Write to Parent to Parent, 2464 Taylor Road, Suite 131, Wildwood, MO 63040, or
through the contact form at www.parenttoparent.com/contact.php. Submissions must
include writers' first and last names and their city and state.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              515 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 10, 2006 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Broadwater's Proposal: The Draft Report

SECTION: Section 14CN; Column 4; Connecticut Weekly Desk; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 284 words



To the Editor:

Re ''Agency Clears Gas Plant, but Critics Keep Up Fight'' (Nov. 26):

Anyone who reads the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission's draft environmental
impact statement for the proposed Broadwater liquefied natural gas terminal in
Long Island Sound will discover a painstakingly comprehensive analysis,
including careful consideration of alternatives, behind the staff's findings and
recommendations.

The draft environmental impact statement is more than 800 pages and recommends
79 highly detailed conditions to require the facility to comply with in order to
receive the commission's authorization. To casually belittle this as a
''whitewash'' and ''rubber stamp'' is an exercise in rhetoric, not the facts.

The commission's principal role in reviewing proposed L.N.G. import terminals is
to be a safety regulator. The commission has and will reject proposals that do
not meet its high safety standards, as it did last year with a proposed L.N.G.
import project in Providence, R.I.

Bryan Lee
Washington

The writer is director of press services, Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.

To the Editor:

I can think of several things to call the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission's
draft report on Broadwater's liquefied natural gas proposal, but scientific --
the characterization implied by your Dec. 3 editorial ''L.N.G. Terminal Gains
Momentum'' -- is not one of them.

It is remarkable and disturbing that you did not note that all five FERC
commissioners were appointed by President Bush in an administration with deep
ties to the energy industry and, moreover, that all the commissioners worked on
behalf of energy concerns before taking their present positions.

Michael Oil
Wading River, N.Y.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              516 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   September 16, 1985, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Yanks blame owner for 'tentative' play

BYLINE: By Wayne Parrish Toronto Star

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 595 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


   NEW YORK - George Steinbrenner was embarrassed. At least, that's what he
said.

Don Mattingly saw it another way.

"To belittle players like he did, to me he's out of control," said Mattingly,
the Yankees' offensive leader, after yesterday's third consecutive loss to the
Toronto Blue Jays.

The issue at hand in the tomb-like Yankee clubhouse was not so much the series'
result - the Yankees fell 4 1/2 games behind Toronto - as what had occasioned
it. And several players pointed the finger directly at Steinbrenner, who on
Saturday night had popped off, criticizing Dave Winfield, Ken Griffey and Don
Baylor in particular.

"You wonder why no one wants to talk to you guys," said Winfield to an assembly
of reporters. "You wonder why we're tentative on the field. All I can tell you
is that with what he said, with the way he is, that's how the guys felt. Maybe
some of the guys were too afraid to make a mistake."

"Felt tentative'

Mattingly, who made a costly error Friday night and was nailed easily at the
plate on a ball hit to left-fielder George Bell with the Jays up 6-0 yesterday,
acknowledged a feeling of tentativeness on his part.

"I felt that with a few of the games," he said. "Basically, I got shut down the
whole series. I felt tentative out there, uncertain in the field and at bat. I
don't know why. I just know I did."

Asked about the players' reaction to Steinbrenner's remarks, Mattingly said, "It
makes me - and others too I think - feel uneasy. You don't feel calm."

Steinbrenner, meanwhile, downplayed the effect of his remarks, though Griffey
was particularly shaky in the field in the early innings yesterday.

"It's too bad if they're mad," he said. "I don't know why they should be. These
are grown men."

Which, perhaps, is why they aren't so appreciative of being treated as naughty
children.

"I've driven in 100 runs four straight years," said Winfield. "It would have
been five except for the strike (in 1981). I've been through this before here.
You live with it."

Or, perhaps, die with it. The Yankees announced the acquisition of Houston
pitcher Joe Niekro after the game yesterday. He'll make his first start
Thursday, following brother Phil in the rotation.

The Yanks gave up minor league pitcher Jim Deshaies and a player to be named
later for Joe, 40, who has 202 major league victories. Phil, 46, has 299 wins.

"Yeah, we'll be going Niekro, Niekro . . . that'll really confuse them (the
opposition)," said manager Billy Martin, not bothering to laugh, or even smile,
at his own joke.

"If our starting pitching can keep us in the ball game, we can win. But the last
two days, they haven't done it."

Martin also blamed the Yankees' lack of hitting.

"Our hitting just shut down," he said. "They played better than us, better
defence, better everything.

"Need win streak'

"But they're still going to lose some games. We gotta go on a big win streak. We
can still take it down to those last three games in Toronto."

Mattingly didn't sound so sure.

Asked about the Yankee prospects from here on in, he looked blank for a moment,
then sighed and replied, "it's definitely not a time to quit."

While he didn't back down from Saturday night's statements, Steinbrenner didn't
amplify on them yesterday.

"I'm not going to get mad at my players," he said. "They're as upset as I am. I
said (Saturday) what I felt we needed to win it. I still feel it that way. I'm
not going to criticize my players any more today.

"I'm embarrassed. I'm embarassed for me as much as I am for them."

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Star photo (McConnell) Whitson, Hasset, Martin looking glum; Star photo
(Goode) Moseby, Mulliniks, Bell, Leach smiling

                  Copyright 1985 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              517 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 20, 1994, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

If the Shoe Fits, Sell It (and Another Pair);
With Brannock Device and Order Book, Foot Soldier of Footwear Stays on the Move

BYLINE: By N. R. KLEINFIELD

SECTION: Section B;  Page 1;  Column 2;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1486 words


It grates on him. Here he sells people something that they wear every day and
yet they usually don't really know their size and, anyway, there is no right
size since every make and style are different. No matter how hard he toils to
insure an ideal fit, too many intemperate people belittle him. He's just a
clerk. He's a nobody. He's the bottom of the pit.

He's a shoe salesman.

A 7E desired something in a granny boot. Angel Rios, who sells women's shoes at
the copiously stocked Harry's Shoes at 83d Street and Broadway, assayed the
customer. He walked with quiet purpose down to the basement stockroom and
extracted three boxes. "I never go upstairs without at least three boxes," he
said. "I try to show something similar to what they ask for and maybe a surprise
shoe."

'We Are Not ClerksOh Man, the Stink'

"Ah, they make my feet look hideous," the woman said. She departed without so
much as a thanks.

"So many people take us for granted," Mr. Rios sighed. "They think our jobs are
simple. We are not clerks."

The philosophy of Mr. Rios, and of Harry's Shoes, is to know shoes cold -- the
fit and construction of every style in stock -- and not to indulge in cheap
shoe-salesman chicanery just to move pairs. "I never tell a women, don't worry
they'll fit once you break them in," he said with unswerving indignation. "I
don't say, 'Oh, it will stretch' or 'Oh, it will shrink.' Look, it either fits
or it doesn't fit."

Mr. Rios, a contemplative 47-year-old man with a mustache, counts 22 years of
bending over people's feet. He has seen and smelled a lot. "Don't get me into
how people come in in the summer and they've been walking all day, they've been
to the beach, and, oh man, the stink," he said. "What am I supposed to do, wash
my customers' feet, too?"

Still, he tackles feet with infinite zeal. He insists that he cares. He knows
the wrong shoe guarantees undiluted misery. He knows that a survey of women not
long ago found that more than 80 percent wore shoes that were at least a size
too small -- and paid dearly for this in corns, pinched nerves, bunions, hammer
toes, backaches and headache-inducing orthopedic and podiatric bills.

He knows that sizes fluctuate from make to make, that manufacturers use
differing and often ill-proportioned shoe lasts -- the forms on which shoes are
shaped. He knows that everyone has one foot that is larger than the other and
that a salesman ought to measure both feet and fit the shoe to the larger foot.
He knows that feet widen with age, especially women's feet, burdened with the
weight of pregnancy. He knows you don't buy by size, but by fit.

Some Real Heels

Of the 20 salesmen at Harry's -- which sells men's, women's and children's shoes
-- hardly anyone has his shoehorn out as often as Mr. Rios. On an average day,
he sells 30 to 35 pairs; when the store is really humming, put him down for up
to 60. Working six days a week, he earns roughly $35,000 a year. Constantly
upright, he knows he has to wear something soothing. He favors a Rockport
wingtip in a 9 1/2D.

"I see a lot of problem feet," he said. "Some women come in here crying. Then
you find them something that fits and you see what you've done in their face.
But the other side is the people who had a hard day and take it out on us. A lot
of customers refuse to be measured. They don't want to be questioned. They get
cross with us. They humiliate us. I had a woman one day when I was really busy
who got impatient and she threw a shoe at me. She missed. And it was a high
heel."

He views with equal scorn the women who come in exclusively to while away time:
"You're with a woman for like three hours. She's had 20, 30 pairs on and off her
feet. You go to the stockroom for the 31st pair. You come up and she's gone.
Nice, huh?"

The Profit Motive

His focused goal is to sell a double: two pairs to the same woman. Harry's
management calculates that it breaks even on the sale of one pair to a customer
and that profit arrives with that second pair. Salespeople at the store earn a
minimum of $65 a day in assured salary. For each pair they sell, they get 50
cents. For a second pair to the same customer, they get $2.50. Around 40 percent
of Mr. Rios's sales are doubles. Every so often, someone arrives who has one
foot a full size bigger than the other. She must combine two pairs, discarding
the ill-fitting partners. This is a fine customer -- an automatic double.

"The key thing in doubles is you have to make the first closing," Mr. Rios said.
"Then you can easily say, 'Listen, this shoe comes in four or five colors,' or I
can say, 'This shoe just came in, would you mind trying it on, I just want to
see how it fits.' You'd be surprised how well that works."

Less frequently he lands triples and four-baggers. And every shoe salesman
fantasizes about the illusory customer who takes 47 pairs. A year and a half
ago, an inconspicuous man came into Harry's hunting for some women's shoes. Mr.
Rios helped him. The customer found some he liked. Then he wanted to consider
some men's shoes. Mr. Rios was quick to please. In one hour, the man bought 47
pairs of shoes.

Something in a Walking Shoe?

"How are you?" Mr. Rios asked a 7C in a red hat.

"Cold. And I want a walking shoe."

Mr. Rios measured her feet with the familiar Brannock device, a flat metal
instrument that determines width, length and arch: 6 1/2 to 7 wide. In the
stockroom, he pulled out three styles.

A pair of black 6 1/2 wides would do.

"You don't want this one, too?" Mr. Rios asked.

"Just one, honey."

"Some socks, maybe."

"Look, I'm not loaded."

Mr. Rios was born in Puerto Rico and came to New York with his family when he
was 3. His father was a cabinetmaker. After high school, Mr. Rios spent five
years in the Air Force, then, in 1970, reported to a job agency sifting for
work. He was steered to shoes. He was hired for a Chandler's store, and in the
early weeks the running around and the numbing repetition wore him down. He
contemplated quitting.

"Here's the most common thing that happens in the shoe business," he explained.
"A guy is hired. He gets trained for hours. Then you give him his first
customer. Nine times out of 10, the first customer is the worst one you'll ever
have. You send the guy out to lunch. He never comes back. I can't even name the
amount of times that happens."

The Mechanical Side

Mr. Rios, however, kept coming back, and soon fell into the rhythms of heels and
arches. Eventually he moved into management at Baker's and at Chandler's. The
pressure left him frazzled and he quit in 1989 to return to kneeling before
customers at Selby's on Fifth Avenue. At the end of 1990, cutbacks led to his
being laid off. He came to Harry's. He lives with his wife and two children in
Maspeth, Queens, coming in on the subway, giving his feet a brief rest.

An 8C was loose. Mr. Rios transported the shoes to a narrow back room where
adjustments are made. "This is where I become a mechanic," he said. Tools on
hand included tongue pads, inner soles and heel grips. "I try to avoid heel
grips," he said. "After awhile, they stick to the hosiery." There was a
plier-type device known as a toe-box stretcher to raise the front of the shoe, a
shoe stretcher, a hole puncher to add holes to straps and, the most important
tool in the woman's department, a bunion stretcher to widen the sides. Mr. Rios
made it clear that you should do only so much, not shove three inner soles into
a shoe or bend it into some warped shape that may fit for a day and then deliver
excruciating pain.

Dusk came to Broadway. Still, feet arrived. A 7 1/2EE, don't measure me, plopped
down into a chair and Mr. Rios approached. She had four samples in her hand.
What was this -- another deadbeat killing time or someone with money to spend?

Mr. Rios hauled up nine boxes of shoes. "I don't like them." "Too tight." "No."
"No." "Too tight." "Oh God, no." "No." "No." "Can you come a little closer? I'll
be off the chair." "Yuck!"

Mr. Rios measured her: "You need an 8."

Taking the Gamble

Into the basement. Nine more boxes. "This is a hard size," he said. "One of two
things will happen. She will buy nothing or she will buy three pairs of shoes.
I'm going to take the gamble."

The next nine were all vetoed. "I'm usually a quick buyer," the now 8EE said.

Seven more pairs emerged from the gloom. The sixth was a maybe. Another style
was close but slipping off her foot. "I'll tighten them up," Mr. Rios said.

She wanted to try rain boots. Back to the basement.

She tried on several of the possibilities again. Mr. Rios slid toe pads in the
loose pair. Too tight. He trimmed the pads. The heel was slipping. He attached
heel grips.

She studied. She thought. Mr. Rios prayed. She bought three pairs plus the rain
boots.

Mr. Rios gave a knowing glance. "I took a gamble," he said. "I had the feeling.
I went for the kill."


NAME: Angel Rios

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: "So many people take us for granted," said Angel Rios, who sells
30 to 35 pairs of women's shoes on an average day at Harry's Shoes at 83d Street
and Broadway in Manhattan. "They think our jobs are simple. We are not clerks."
(Sara Krulwich/The New York Times)

TYPE: Biography

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              518 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            January 11, 2009 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

Inside High Schools ;
THE ISSUE: HAS COLLEGE FOOTBALL RECRUITING BECOME WAY TOO MUCH ADO ABOUT
NOTHING? Attention grabbers;
Love it or hate it, recruiting fever hot

BYLINE: SCOTT BERNARDE; For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 7C

LENGTH: 1058 words


College recruiting has given us another reason to point a television camera at
the sideline during a football game.

During the fourth quarter of Sunday's Under Armour All-America high school
all-star game in Orlando, ESPN cameras cut to Atlanta's Branden Smith sitting
behind a glass coffee table, on which were caps with the logos of his final four
college choices.

With family members behind him, the 5-star-rated cornerback from Washington High
removed the caps of Alabama, Florida and Florida State before putting on the
red-and-black of Georgia. Smith's "national TV commitment" --- as some in the
recruiting world call it --- was greeted with cheers and hugs and included an
interview on why he chose the Bulldogs.

Five other live announcements were made during the game. Each time, the action
on the field gave way to a player doing similar things with his own collection
of caps.

It's the latest result of the hoopla that is college football recruiting, and
it's being greeted with tears of joy and furrowed eyebrows.

"I turn that stuff off. I can't stand it," Brookwood High football coach Mark
Crews said of the live in-game commitments on TV. "Football is and always has
been a team game ... but the idea that you take one person and you make him out
to be better than others, I don't like that.

"To me that sort of belittles the team-oriented part of the game. It's fueling
that fire that it's all about 'me.'"

"I love it," said Westlake linebacker Dearco Nolan, one of the AJC's Georgia 150
prospects, who has SEC and ACC schools among his suitors. "It shows that hard
work pays off."

College football recruiting has its own season, which ends on national signing
day on Feb. 4; its own fans, who plunk down millions for online subscriptions
and spend hours tracking where the blue chips will fall, and its own place
firmly planted in the American sports landscape.

It has become so important (although it's mostly conjecture because nobody
really knows which celebrity high school stars will make it at the next level)
that some prodigies are recruited before their first kiss. Earlier this year,
the University of Hawaii scored a verbal commitment from a 13-year-old.

Some companies offer recruiting services that promise getting a kid noticed by
college coaches for a fee that can be more than $1,000.

And the media --- newspapers (including the AJC), dozens of Web sites and the TV
sports giants --- chronicle every step, as if high school football is only a
precursor to signing a scholarship.

Some say this is overblown silliness that's out of control and caters only to
the top players while leaving the less talented players behind. Others figure
it's all good if it means more attention devoted to high school football.

"I think it depends on the maturity of the kids. Some handle it pretty well, but
you've got to keep a level head," said North Cobb coach Shane Queen, who coached
his own top talent, defensive tackle Derrick Lott, a Georgia commitment. "I
would like to think it's a good thing, but again it comes down to the maturity
of the kids. It's getting crazy on the Internet. Kids get on the Web sites and
read about themselves. But you've got to keep it in perspective. It's all
projections on how a kid will do in college."

"I don't think it's too much," Douglass coach Kenneth Barrow said. "What I like
about it is it gives kids a chance to go to school and get a degree and have a
chance to play college football."

Crews, who has had more than 20 of his players sign scholarships the past two
seasons and will have another handful this year, gets the idea that attention
can be a good thing for high school football. He's concerned, however, about
where it's headed. He noted an e-mail he received in which a group was promoting
an elite youth football camp, costing $600, that will showcase some of the best
sixth- and seventh-grade players.

"You see where it's headed?" he asked.

TOO MUCH TOO SOON?

So the question: Has recruiting gone over the top? Here's what some had to say:

Mickey Conn, Grayson coach

"I think the more exposure for these kids, the better. ... The only thing I
disagree with is a lot of major colleges are taking commitments from juniors,
maybe even sophomores. I feel like some kids develop as seniors, and there may
not be enough scholarship money left. I think some kids are being overlooked
because of it."

Dearco Nolan, Westlake linebacker

"I don't think it's too much attention. It shows that hard work pays off. To me,
it's good for the game of football to show other young men that if you work hard
you can be in this position."

Corey Jarvis, M.L. King coach

"I think it makes the job for us to promote the lesser-known players a little
harder [because of so much attention on the elite players]. Sometimes those
players get overlooked. ... To me, I think it has worked against those
in-between types of kids. I don't know if I would say it's too much. Anything
that exposes our kids to the opportunity to go to school [on scholarship] is a
good thing."

Ron Gartrell, Stephenson coach

"This is a real busy time for me and a lot of coaches. In some cases, I'd rather
be in the season than to go through this. We go out of our way to help our kids,
and sometimes it's looked upon as not being enough. ... I think college
recruiters should be a little straightforward sometimes and don't mislead the
kids. ... I'm from the old school. You tell me the truth, I tell you the truth
and we go from there. ... Now if it [the attention] is going to enable your kid
to get a scholarship, I'm OK with it. If they increase the hype, we have to step
up as coaches and get that edge to get our kids recruited."

Kenneth Barrow, Douglass coach

"The only downside I see with it all is that sometimes the parents have to
understand that every kid is not going to play at the Division I level, but
there's always Division II, I-AA, Division III. All those levels play good
football, too."

Shane Queen, North Cobb coach

"I've got friends who check the Dawg Post [a Web site that covers University of
Georgia sports] every day. People have to realize that these are 16- and
17-year-old kids trying to make a big decision. That's what we need to keep in
perspective."

Mark Crews, Brookwood coach

"It's becoming more and more of a business. ... I don't think there's anything
wrong with attention, but some of it is a dog-and-pony show."

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: JASON GETZ / jgetz@ajc.comCornerback Branden Smith threw his cap
in for the red-and-black recently on TV./ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: BRANT SANDERLIN / bsanderlin@ajc.comWith eyes locked on to UGA coach Mark
Richt, fans await revelations of who'll be on the roster during last year's
signing day, Feb. 6./ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2009 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              519 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            November 12, 2006 Sunday

Three Mo' Tenors have got soul

BYLINE: Scott Iwasaki Deseret Morning News

LENGTH: 667 words


When Broadway actor/director Marion J. Caffey saw the original Three Tenors --
Luciano Pavarotti, Placido Domingo and Jose Carreras -- sing at Dodger Stadium,
he noticed something.

"When they switched from opera to musical theater, they did it tongue-in-cheek,"
said Caffey during a phone call from his home in Florida. "But I noticed that
their voices weren't able to make the switch smoothly. It was apparent that
opera was the only style they could do well.

"I'm not saying this to put down the tenors," said Caffey. "I was making an
observation. Their voices were not versatile enough to sing other styles."

So, Caffey, who is known for his choreography and directing on and off Broadway,
decided to organize another trio of tenors -- Three Mo' Tenors.

"This was in no way an attempt to belittle the original Three Tenors," said
Caffey. "But I saw an opportunity for me to get African American tenors who can
negotiate the different styles of singing in a performance situation."

The Three Mo' Tenors sing opera, jazz, pop, gospel, soul, new school, blues and
spirituals.

"I wanted to make sure the singers we recruited would be able to sing all those
styles well," said Caffey. "I wanted to spotlight those singers who could switch
to opera, soul and the blues."

Back in 2000, Caffey began holding auditions for his first incarnation of Three
Mo' Tenors. By 2001, he had a hit on his hands. And since then, he's organized
two trios of tenors to meet the demand.

"The singers can only sing a few shows at a time to give their voices ample time
to rest and recuperate," said Caffey. "So I had to form another group."

Caffey's also organized a female counterpart to Three Mo' Tenors. He calls them
the Three Divas.

"I've got two sets of the divas as well," he said. "It's been a great journey
seeing each singer in the groups develop as artists."

Tenor Phumzile Sojola, who has been part of the Three Tenors since February,
said a friend suggested he audition last year.

"My friend called me up and said that I would be interested in the Three Mo'
Tenors," said Sojola during a phone call from his home in Cincinnati, Ohio. "I
auditioned and then made the call back. And they told me that they were
interested in what I had to offer."

Sojola said his main goal in life was to be an opera singer.

"You don't see many African American opera singers," he said. "That's what I
wanted to do. I was training to sing classical music."

Sojola, who was born in South Africa, studied at the University of Kentucky and
the Cincinnati University Conservatory of Music. He has performed in Britten's
"Death in Venice," and Bizet's "Carmen."

He's been a soloist with the Lexington Philharmonic, the Knoxville Symphony, the
Bach Choir of Pittsburgh and the American Spiritual Ensemble.

"But I had never sung the blues or soul," he said. "And it was an opportunity
for me to sing songs written by Ray Charles and Gladys Knight.

"In fact, I have learned the history of American music since being a part of
this group. And I called my voice teacher and said, 'You have your students sing
all those arias and operas, but you need to have them sing the blues.' I feel
it's good training to sing the blues and even pop songs. It's demanding in a
different way than opera."

Performing with Sojola will be his cohorts Ramone Diggs and Kenneth D. Alston
Jr.

"One of the highlights of organizing Three Mo' Tenors is standing in back of the
house, watching and hearing the audience laugh, cry and cheer," Caffey said. "I
don't tour with the groups because I have business obligations, but when I do
catch a performance, I am happy that so many people like them.

"Music has a way of bringing people together. I have seen this at a performance
where people who would normally hate each other can sit together and enjoy the
music." If you go ...

What: Three Mo' Tenors

Where: Kingsbury Hall, 1395 E. Presidents Circle, University of Utah

When: Friday, 7:30 p.m.

How much: $29.50-$39.50

Phone: 581-7100

Web: www.kingsburyhall.com E-mail: scott@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              520 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           December 9, 2004 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

BREAKOUT YEAR A TWO-PART SERIES;
CARLSON HAS 30 POINTS IN 39 GAMES

BYLINE: By Todd D. Milewski The Capital Times

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 8E

LENGTH: 679 words


The route to the equivalent of a 30-point rookie season has been a strange one
for Ross Carlson.

But that the order of the University of Wisconsin hockey forward's first year
has been skewed doesn't belittle that Carlson has put together the most
productive first 12 months for a Badgers player in over four years.

In 39 games since joining the Badgers last December, Carlson has 13 goals and 30
points. The last player to equal that point total in his first full season was
Dany Heatley, who had 56 points as a freshman in the 1999-2000 season.

If Carlson thought much of goals and points, that might be a big deal to him. He
doesn't, so it isn't.

It does, however, show the kind of impact the right winger has had since joining
the Badgers about a year ago. That's quite a gain for a player in whom lied
tremendous interest but also doubts before he stepped on the ice for the UW.

At this time last season, Carlson was still practicing with his former teammates
with the Waterloo Black Hawks of the United States Hockey League and attending
Hawkeye Community College in Iowa while rehabbing the injured knee that delayed
his joining the Badgers.

A year later, he's one of the forces that has helped the Badgers improve from
29th nationally in scoring offense to 11th.

"I expected it from him," said linemate Nick Licari, who also was Carlson's high
school teammate at Duluth (Minn.) East. "I know a lot of guys didn't really know
what to expect, and that might even be including the coaching staff. They knew
what he was capable of, but with the knee injuries and the stuff that he's gone
through, nobody really knew.

"I knew he'd make an impact on this team, it was only a matter of time. What
he's done in the year he's been here is pretty amazing. What he's battled
through with his knees and attending college and going through what every
freshman goes through ... it's quite an accomplishment."

Carlson and the Badgers close the first half of the season with a Western
Collegiate Hockey Association series at Minnesota State Friday and Saturday. It
brings Carlson's first year with the team full circle, because it was in
Mankato, Minn., that he made his debut in early January last season.

Staying in the lineup for a few weeks then was big news to Carlson, but staying
in the lineup for an entire year shows the kind of trust the UW coaching staff
has in him.

"I thought they'd play me the weekend that everybody was at World (Juniors) and
that's the only time I thought they'd play me because they had been doing so
well otherwise," said Carlson, who made his debut while three UW players were
gone at the World Junior Championship and immediately after the team's 15-game
unbeaten streak ended. "I was lucky to get the shake that I had there."

And as for the offensive production? Carlson said he doesn't focus on goals or
points. That he had three multiple-goal games this season appeared to be news to
him.

His attention is on his plus-minus rating. A player gets a plus for being on the
ice when his team scores an even-strength goal, and a minus for being on the ice
when his team allows one.

While he was plus-6 in the 23 games he played last season, he is even for the 16
games this season. As a sophomore, he has six games with a plus, four with a
minus and six even.

The way Carlson has reached a 30-point debut year was unorthodox, one of many
things about him that falls into that category, UW coach Mike Eaves said.

Eaves has noted that it seems Carlson's best plays come when he's "on the seat
of his pants." In the locker room, he's known as a jokester.

"It's those special ingredients in the stew that make it taste good, and he's
one of those ingredients," Eaves said. "He gives it a little flavor."

While Carlson took a big step in strength, conditioning and skating ability over
the past year, Carlson said he has become a better player because of Eaves and
the UW coaches.

"I'm getting a greater knowledge of the game from (Eaves)," Carlson said. "I'm
going to try to steal as much knowledge from him as I possibly can before I
leave."

E-mail: tmilewski@madison.com

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FILE PHOTO In a roundabout way, Ross Carlson has put together the best
offensive run by a Badger rookie since Dany Heatley in 1999-2000.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                              521 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    The Sedalia Democrat (Sedalia, Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 26, 2011 Thursday

The Sedalia Democrat, Sedalia, Mo., Bob Satnan column

BYLINE: Bob Satnan, The Sedalia Democrat, Sedalia, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 728 words


May 26--As the skies darkened in the southeast corner of Pettis County,
Wednesday's storm front could have easily been mistaken for a shadow -- the
shadow of what we all feared, what we hoped and prayed would not visit us.

The Shadow of Joplin.

Just days removed from the devastation suffered by fellow Missourians, Sedalia
residents huddled in basements, in storm shelters, and even in a gas station
rest room and hoped that those high swirling winds would not touch down and
trash our town. They did, but not with the force that cut a swath through
Joplin.

I don't mean to belittle the losses suffered by residents and business owners,
but we survived -- all of us. That is something to be grateful for, something
worthy of a sigh of relief. Our community stepped up to help Joplin residents,
and I am certain we will band together to help our neighbors, too.

We're Sedalians -- we're good like that.

But how did we all survive? By the very thing which we all feared: The Shadow of
Joplin.

Acting Police Chief Larry Ward told reporters during a news conference that last
Sunday's tornado in Joplin may have made people more aware of the dangers
associated with such storms and helped contribute to the lack of fatalities.

"I believe that was very relevant," Ward said.

Ward reported there were about 25 to 30 "walking wounded," but there had been no
reports of serious injuries.

Dave Clippert, director of the Sedalia-Pettis County Emergency Management
Agency, said while what happened in Joplin certainly played a part in local
reaction, the severe weather that rolled across the Midwest and Pettis County
Tuesday night had an impact, as well.

"People were on edge," Clippert said. "They saw what happened in Oklahoma and in
Kansas (Tuesday) night and took the warnings seriously."

Brad Pollitt, assistant superintendent of Sedalia School District 200, said of
Clippert and his crew of storm spotters: "We are very fortunate to have the
people we have."

Clippert said he has built good relationships with all area school
superintendents, and they know "when I call them, it is serious." Pollitt said a
tornado warning had yet to be issued when he and other district officials
decided to put schools on tornado lockdown.

"Those kids were (in safe areas) for an hour and a half," Pollitt said. "That's
exactly where they needed to be."

Some parents showed up at schools to try to pick up their children to take them
home, but district policy forbids releasing students during lockdowns.

"Some parents ... were not happy, but that's the way it is," Pollitt said. "Our
plan worked and those kids were in the safest place they could be."

Mary Ann Richwine and her husband, James, were in Tipton when the storm front
moved in. The president of a local bank invited them into the building to wait
out the storm, and when the tornado sirens went off, they were prepared to take
up residence in the vault, if necessary.

"We just hoped we would have a house when we got home," Mary Ann Richwine said.
When they returned to Sedalia, not only did they find their home at 1000 S.
Murray Ave. intact, their yard was strewn with debris, including cancelled
checks from Joe Horacek, who lives more than three miles away at 3307 S. Grand
Ave.

When Richwine called our office to share her story, she was relieved to find out
that Horacek survived.

"I am so glad to hear (Horacek and his wife, Shirley) are OK. I knew (the
cancelled checks) had to come out of their house," she said.

Richwine said the Joplin tornado made us all "pretty aware of what could
happen."

"We lived through the devastation and saw what the tornadoes in the '70s did (to
Sedalia)," she said. "We know what a tornado can do."

Clippert said he and other county officials knew early Wednesday we were going
to be facing a tornado warning.

"This town was ready," he said, adding that preparedness "saved an awful lot of
lives."

"We're all a little stressed here, but we took care of business," Pollitt said.

"Thank God our children were safe and I pray for those whose homes were
damaged."

To see more of The Sedalia Democrat or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.sedaliademocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Sedalia Democrat,
Sedalia, Mo. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110526-SX-The-Sedalia-Democrat-Sedalia-Mo-Bob-Satnan-column-0526-20110526

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SX


                      Copyright 2011 The Sedalia Democrat


                              522 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                THE BRISTOL POST

                                August 15, 2002

Zum might say No;
 Oh no - The Wurzels have covered a classic Oasis track. But it appears the
Gallagher brothers don't like the scrumpy and western take on their song one
little bit

BYLINE: SIMON PEEVERS

SECTION: News :Ents :Others, Pg.16

LENGTH: 270 words


LEGENDARY West Country band The Wurzels have caused a stink in the London -based
music industry by doing a cover version of an Oasis hit.

The Wurzels are set to release a version of Don't Look Back in Anger , in their
own inimitable style, much to the annoyance of Oasis songwriter Noel Gallagher.

The Oo-ar-sis song is due to be released on September 9, ahead of a new album at
Christmas.

A source close to the band, told a national newspaper:

"The Gallaghers will go mad when they hear about this.

"It really belittles the original and there could be legal shenanigans. Noel
won't be happy."

The Wurzels' Tommy Banner said he would be delighted if a band covered one of
their songs and invited Oasis to do a version of the 1976 hit, Combine
Harvester. He said: "There is actually a link between Oasis and the Wurzels
going back a few years.

"In the 1970s we released a song called Morning Glory , and in the 1990s, Oasis
released a song and album called What's The Story Morning Glory?

So by doing this cover we are just returning the favour and keeping the link
going.We wanted to send a bit of the Mendips up to Manchester."

"We have recorded a handful of cover versions for the new album and decided to
release Don't Look Back in Anger, because it was one of the best. There has
already been interest in it from Radio 1.

"But that is not all that is on the album.We have got original songs as well,
but we did have a lot of fun doing the covers.We put a few 'oo-ars' in to the
songs to Wurzelise them and we are looking forward to the release."

s. peevers@bepp. co. uk

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                      Copyright 2002 Bristol United Press


                              523 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 12, 1996, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Giuliani, 1997 in Mind, Focuses On Education and Attacks Rivals

BYLINE: By DAVID FIRESTONE

SECTION: Section A;  Page 1;  Column 1;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1216 words


With the Presidential election out of the way, Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani has
begun to marshal several core elements of his as-yet unannounced re-election
campaign, trumpeting the precipitous drop in crime while moving quickly to
establish credentials in education. And with growing asperity, he now belittles
most of his likely opponents as machine politicians of the past.

For months, the Mayor has basked in the city's growing reputation as a safer
place to live and do business, aided by some improvement in the local economy.
"New York is in the midst of a renaissance," he said in an interview yesterday,
sounding what is expected to become the principal theme of his campaign.

But as his Democratic opponents have tried to change the subject, repeatedly
pointing to the failures of the public school system, Mr. Giuliani has all but
acknowledged that he cannot run on crime-fighting alone.

Thus, after three years of cutting the school system's projected spending by
more than $1.2 billion, the Mayor announced on Thursday that growing tax
revenues had allowed him to find an extra $70 million to spend on new
schoolbooks to replace the system's aging texts, more than doubling the amount
already budgeted for schoolbooks.

In three appearances last week to mark National Reading Week, the Mayor appeared
before television cameras at schools and public libraries reading to children
and talking about the importance of the textbooks he had decided to buy.

He also extolled the performance of the Schools Chancellor, Dr. Rudy Crew, and
the relationship of trust the two men have built.

Yesterday, in announcing the appointment of Martin D. Raab, a prominent
architect, as president and chief executive of the School Construction
Authority, the Mayor stood by as Dr. Crew returned the favor, declaring that the
school system had entered a period of "good times."

"These are good times, for obvious reasons," said Dr. Crew, only a few weeks
after the headlines were declaring an overcrowding crisis in city schools. "Our
children benefited the other day from a major step in the right direction in
terms of books that are going to be placed in classrooms, and today signals an
opportunity for our children to rejoice over the fact that they will have
classrooms, by virtue of the work that Martin will undertake."

Mr. Giuliani has also begun to amplify the harshness of his attacks on his most
likely Democratic opponents, linking them explicitly to the administration of
David N. Dinkins, whom he vanquished in 1993, and doing his best to remind
voters of what life was like during that period.

"All of them have some interesting questions to answer," he said in a telephone
interview yesterday. "They have all been perennial parts of the city and state
governments for over 20 years and did nothing to change any of this. They are
much more the insiders of government than I am. I've done more to change city
government in a few short years than they ever did. They just sat by and watched
all of this happen and did nothing about it."

The Mayor has been particularly critical of Ruth W. Messinger, the Manhattan
Borough President, calling her "the most left" of the possible candidates, and
of Alan G. Hevesi, the City Comptroller, whom he called one of the "machine
politicians" of New York City.

Unlike Ms. Messinger, Mr. Hevesi has not yet decided whether to run for mayor,
but last week Mr. Giuliani blasted the Comptroller for opposing the planned sale
of Coney Island Hospital, saying Mr. Hevesi wanted to "maintain it for the
political bosses so they can have jobs."

Though many Democrats privately predict that the Republican Mayor will be
re-elected, Mr. Giuliani himself has taken no chances in a city dominated by
Democrats, and in which he does not have a strong political organization behind
him. He has raised more than $6 million, far more than any of his potential
challengers, and has clearly taken note of tepid approval ratings that have
hovered in the high 40's and low 50's.

A survey taken by Quinnipiac College last month showed that while 76 percent of
those polled said they approved of his handling of crime, only 54 percent said
they approved of his overall performance. Only 34 percent of those surveyed
voiced approval of his performance on education. A similar poll taken by the
Marist Institute in September found that 46 percent of the respondents said they
had confidence in the Mayor's ability to improve the city schools, while 54
percent said they were not confident.

"With the concerns people have about schools and the amount of money in the
educational budget, it can't help but become a major campaign issue, and
appropriately so," said Robert Berne, dean of the Wagner School of Public
Service at New York University. "Any mayor and particularly this Mayor has shown
that he can influence the system. The challengers will make a case on whether
that influence has been the right influence."

The challengers, of course, have already begun to do that. Fernando Ferrer, the
Bronx Borough President, said yesterday that the Mayor apparently recognized
that he had had a "one-note administration," and had to begin recognizing the
concerns of New Yorkers in areas like education and jobs.

Ms. Messinger said much the same yesterday. "People inside the schools are
immensely disturbed at the loss of funds, the deterioration of buildings, the
lack of serious focus on teaching and learning," she said. "I hope the Mayor
starts to listen, and that this week was not an accident."

The Mayor himself says that his record on education has been "excellent," saying
Dr. Crew and his staff have done more to revive education in the city than has
been done in a long time. With growing sensitivity, he has in particular lashed
out at those who have accused him of cutting the school budget, insisting that
the city is spending more than ever on the Board of Education.

Some of the budgetary dispute revolves around the Byzantine nature of the
board's spending. The Mayor acknowledges that he has cut the amount requested by
the board by a total of $1.2 billion, but he says the actual amount the city
spends on the school system has gone up. But the City Comptroller's
comprehensive annual financial report, long considered the final authority at
City Hall on spending, shows that city spending on education has declined each
year from 1994, even before inflation is considered.

More important, the amount the city spends per student has unquestionably
fallen, because the number of students grows by about 20,000 a year. In 1994,
the city spent $2,721 per student; in the fiscal year that ended in July, the
city spent $2,424, adjusted for inflation. The amount will further decline this
year, according to budget projections.

"To the extent my opponents criticize me for these things, they've had many
years to correct them," the Mayor said. "Obviously, if I run for re-election,
one of the things I'll be asking is, what have they ever done? What kind of
record do they ever have? The condition of the New York City school system did
not happen in just a few years; it happened over a long period of time, and
these people have been in government just about that long. If you wanted a
theme, that's part of the theme."


LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              524 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 20, 1992, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

PARENT & CHILD

BYLINE: By Lawrence Kutner

SECTION: Section C; Page 12; Column 3; Home Desk

LENGTH: 1072 words


FOR many years, school was a world children seldom shared with their parents,
who mostly caught oblique glimpses through report cards and essays, pageants and
P.T.A. meetings. The image of the school volunteer from 30 years ago -- almost
always a mother who baked brownies, accompanied classes on field trips or ran
the book sale -- sounds impractical if not impossible to many of today's
two-career or single-parent families.

The challenge for today's parents is to find other effective ways of
participating in their children's schooling. "We need a new definition of what
it means to volunteer that doesn't necessarily involve coming to the school
building," said Dr. Joyce L. Epstein, the co-director of the Center on Families,
Communities, Schools and Children's Learning at Johns Hopkins University in
Baltimore. "Volunteering mostly has to do with parents supporting school goals
and children's learning any place and any time."

This type of involvement may, in fact, have greater effects on children's
learning than the traditional notion of school volunteer work from a generation
ago. While no one who's organized one would minimize the need for extra adult
help on a class field trip to a museum or other class outing, or belittle the
cash raised by a rummage sale, schools that used to encourage those as the
primary ways for parents to become active in their children's education may have
had hidden agendas.

"The schools tried to keep parents at bay, so mothers were more involved in
bringing cookies than in the curriculum," said Dr. Lynn Gordon, an associate
professor of education at the University of Rochester who studies the history of
schooling. "If you intervened on behalf of your child, you were seen as a
domineering mother. The parents of the past 10 years have been far more active
than the parents of the 50's in terms of putting pressure on schools."

Parents are now welcomed by their children's schools more enthusiastically than
ever before. Administrators see parental involvement as a matter of both
practical pedagogy and economic reality, as many schools face larger tasks with
smaller budgets. Today's teachers are far more supportive of parents'
involvement than they used to be. (My kindergarten teacher told my mother that I
shouldn't learn to read at home, because I'd be "bored" in the first grade.
Luckily, my mother paid little attention to her.)

Even so, many parents and teachers still harbor misconceptions about their
respective roles and how they can work together. Parents -- especially those who
have less education than the teachers -- sometimes feel uncomfortable talking
with teachers as partners. It is as if by entering the building, they have once
again become students in an inherently unequal relationship with the teachers
and administration.

Also, teachers may falsely assume that single parents and dual-career couples
are uninterested or unable to participate.

"There's a misconception that dual-career couples are uninvolved with their
children," said Dr. Lucia Gilbert, a professor of educational psychology at the
University of Texas in Austin, who studies the effects on children of having two
parents who work outside the home. "The reality is that they spend as much if
not more time with their children than so-called traditional families."

Other researchers have found that, on average, single mothers are at least as
involved in their children's schoolwork as other mothers. They're less involved
in matters that involve visiting the school, however, because they don't have as
much time available, especially during regular school hours.

Today's fathers, whose own fathers probably seldom set foot in their children's
schools for matters that didn't involve either sports or discipline, are also
more active, especially in evening activities. "When push comes to shove in
families, it's the mother who usually takes time off from work," said Dr.
Barbara Gutek, a visiting professor of management and policy at the California
Institute of Technology in Pasadena, who studies work and family issues.

Interest in Child's Schoolwork Shows Love

THE reason for parents' involvement in their children's education is simple:
it's a good long-term investment.

"Families that stay involved, informed and influential in their children's
education have children who do better in school," said Dr. Joyce L. Epstein, the
co-director of the Center on Families, Communities, Schools and Children's
Learning at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore.

It's good for the parent-child relationship, too, said Dr. Rudolf Ekstein, a
clinical professor of psychology at the University of California at Los Angeles.
"Saying you have no time is a dreadful rationalization that breaks the bonds
between parents and children," he said. "Finding the time is a way of telling
your children you love them."

Here are some specific things to keep in mind:

Encourage schools to adapt parent-teacher communication to the schedules and
needs of today's parents.

Even simple and inexpensive things like providing on-site child care can
significantly increase the number of parents who attend routine teacher
conferences. Also, find out the times of each of your children's teachers' free
periods so that you can arrange to speak to them by phone.

Ask children specific questions about what they're doing in school.

Simply asking, "How was your day at school, dear?" probably won't yield useful
information.

"Children can spot the insincerity," said Dr. Lucia Gilbert, a professor of
educational psychology at the University of Texas in Austin. "They clam up and
stop sharing. But children love it if you ask them something specific, such as
how their presentation went in English class that they told you about the day
before."

Stay involved as your children get older.

Many parents have less communication with their children's teachers in high
school than when the children were much younger. "The effect is cumulative," Dr.
Epstein said. "If you're involved only when your children are in preschool, that
won't help when your children are older."

But realize that adolescents are going to be more reticent to share their
concerns. Let older children know that you're still interested in what's going
on in school. Share with them some of what's happening to you at work. That will
help them feel more comfortable talking to you when they need to.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              525 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            July 24, 2013 Wednesday
                         The New York Times on the Web

Bad Day for Braun, Good Day for Baseball

BYLINE: By LYNN ZINSER

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Sports Desk; LEADING OFF; Pg.

LENGTH: 675 words


That sound you hear emanating from Manhattan today is the grand pooh-bahs of
baseball celebrating as if it were Mardi Gras. Yes, today is Fat Tuesday, now
that Ryan Braun chose the path of least resistance to his latest doping
suspension. The only stunning part of Baseball versus Braun, the sequel, is that
Braun dropped all the self-righteous howling about his absolute innocence and
decided to meekly accept a summer of playing golf instead of baseball. No
challenging baseball's reliance on evidence outside of a positive drug test. No
bashing the credibility of the dubious character that is the Biogenesis clinic
guru Anthony Bosch. Nope, just a shrug and something that might resemble a shred
of an apology if you squint really hard.

The bad news is that this was apparently the easy one. Everybody already thought
Braun was a complete fraud after he wiggled out of a positive test on a
chain-of-custody technicality last year. Well, everybody outside of some loyal
teammates and, oddly, Green Bay quarterback Aaron Rodgers.

So, after Monday's news, everybody got to pile on. Jeff Passan of Yahoo.com
leapt to the head of the line, eviscerating Braun for his hypocritical posturing
and self-serving priorities, a cockroach with access to microphones and a $155
million contract. As Scott Miller writes on CBSSports.com, Braun is the worst
kind of liar, the one who looks you right in the eye when he's doing it and
belittles anyone who doubts him.

If you'd like a few highlights of Braun's hypocrisy, they are collected here.
They could be etched on his plaque in sports' hall of shame, which they can get
a jump on engraving because there is no way Braun shakes this reputation now,
Jerry Crasnick writes on ESPN.com. In Milwaukee, where fans so wanted to believe
him, Michael Hunt of The Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel argues that Braun must start
with something more like a heartfelt apology. After all, this is a town that
stuck by him, the Brewers having made the regrettable decision to choose him
over their other star slugger, Prince Fielder.

It may not be such a good day in the land of beer and bratwurst, but baseball is
having a lovely time of it, Ken Rosenthal writes on Foxsports.com. That's
because Braun not challenging Major League Baseball's evidence means the case
against others, starting with the next fraud suspect, Alex Rodriguez, just got
stronger, Joel Sherman writes in The New York Post. In fact, Michael Rosenberg
argues on SI.com that even Braun's pathetic semi-apology looks better than
Rodriguez's silence at this point.

Naturally, all this was the talk of baseball on Monday, with reactions pouring
in. The funniest, though, was offered by Logan Morrison of the beleaguered Miami
Marlins: ''You know we're clean. We haven't scored a run in 37 innings.''

The doping news was not confined to baseball on Monday, and perhaps the Denver
Broncos' Von Miller is a bit happy to have his pending four-game suspension from
the N.F.L. overshadowed by Braun. Losing Miller is a huge blow to the Broncos
and as Troy Renck writes in The Denver Post, may point to larger issues with the
biggest star on their defense. The N.F.L. also announced on Monday an agreement
in principle to start working on a test for human growth hormone with a
population study, so suspensions could be more frequent in the future.

Discipline problems cropped up on the college front at -- surprise! -- Ohio
State. Coach Urban Meyer, who should be used to this drill now, announced the
suspension of running back Carlos Hyde, news accompanied by the arrest of
cornerback Bradley Roby. As Clay Travis writes on Foxsports.com, the old Florida
pattern didn't take long to migrate north. Apparently painting words of
admonition on a wall at Ohio State hasn't worked all that well, Bob Hunter
writes in The Columbus Dispatch.

You get the feeling baseball could paint words of warning about doping on every
clubhouse wall and it wouldn't get through either. But maybe putting Ryan
Braun's picture there would help.

Follow Leading Off on Twitter: twitter.com/zinsernyt

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/24/sports/bad-day-for-braun-good-day-for-baseball
.html

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              526 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                     March 18, 1995 Saturday Final Edition

A&E explores who wrote the Bible tomorrow

SOURCE: SPECTATOR WIRE SERVICES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 262 words


Some will consider it sacrilege to suggest that the Old Testament -- that is,
the Torah, the Five Books of Moses -- was not dictated by God and transcribed,
word by word, by Moses himself.

Others will consider it a comparable transgression to suggest that the Gospels
of Mark, Matthew, Luke and John do not represent the literal words of Jesus
Christ as set down by those disciples or that at least some of the volumes of
letters written by Paul were not written by Paul.

Tomorrow night at 8 p.m., the A&E cable channel devotes three hours to the
question "Who Wrote the Bible?" The program, written and produced by Lionel
Friedberg for Multimedia Entertainment and FilmRoos, arises from Multimedia's
on-going "Mysteries of the Bible" syndicated series, parts of which regularly
appear in A&E's Friday night "Ancient Mysteries" hour.

What you will not see in this special is anyone who belittles or minimizes the
importance of the many sacred texts they discuss.

Quite the opposite. Mr. Friedberg and his colleagues interviewed a large number
of respectful, even reverent, scholars and professors of religion drawn from an
exhaustive list of institutions of learning. They include New York University,
Yeshiva University, University of Notre Dame, University of Chicago, University
of California at San Diego, Loyola Marymount, DePaul University and Catholic
University, as well as the Metiva Center for Jewish Wisdom and the Kabbalah
Centre.

The program also allows literalists -- the Rev. Jerry Falwell, for example -- to
state their beliefs for the record.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 1995 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              527 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                      August 4, 2000 Friday Final Edition

In it for the big games; Curt Schilling has always liked pitching in the
spotlight. Arizona gives him that chance

SOURCE: The Associated Press

BYLINE: Bob Baum

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E02

LENGTH: 544 words

DATELINE: PHOENIX


Curt Schilling has wasted no time in reminding everyone he is one of baseball's
best big-game pitchers. It's just that he hasn't had many big games for the last
seven years or so.

In two starts since he was traded from the Philadelphia Phillies to the Arizona
Diamondbacks, Schilling has allowed one run in 17 innings.

In his home debut for Arizona, a stirring duel with Greg Maddux Wednesday night,
Schilling shut out Atlanta for the second time this season, a 2-0 victory that
lifted the sputtering Diamondbacks back into a virtual tie with San Francisco
for the National League West lead.

After years of losing in Philadelphia, Schilling had the kind of performance
that brought back memories of the shutout he threw against Toronto in Game 5 of
the 1993 World Series.

"I'm not going to belittle the situation I was in (in Philadelphia)," Schilling
said yesterday.

"It's just not even comparable. Knowing tonight if we could go out and find a
way to win, we'd be back in first. I love that stuff. That's fun. This is all
fun."

Schilling has five complete games this season. After a slow start following
off-season shoulder surgery, he's coming on strong. In his last 10 starts, he's
7-2 with a 1.69 ERA.

The stage Schilling chose for his 15th career shutout was a dramatic one. It was
a triumphant return to the city where he grew up and it came against the mighty
Braves and Maddux, a four-time Cy Young Award winner.

"If you don't enjoy this and you don't want to come to the park and you don't
want to be called on to win a game for your team in this situation, then you're
in the wrong profession," Schilling said.

Schilling and Randy Johnson probably give Arizona the best one-two pitching
punch in baseball, and maybe it will be enough to offset the Diamondbacks'
season-long offensive struggles and recent bullpen woes.

But Todd Stottlemyre, out with an elbow injury and anxious to get back in the
rotation, hopefully by September, said the rest of the team needs to come
through.

"It's pretty awesome," Stottlemyre said. "What it really tells you is the
commitment that (owner Jerry) Colangelo has made to this ballclub, to this city,
and to this state. What he's telling the guys in here is he's doing everything
he can to win, and we have to do our part."

Schilling historically is a strikeout pitcher. In the three years before Johnson
had his first full NL season in 1999, Schilling led the league in strikeouts.

But he won a different way on Wednesday. He had just four strikeouts and one
walk as the Braves consistently hit the ball on the ground, twice into double
plays that ended scoring threats.

"He threw better against us the first two times (this season)," Maddux said. "He
threw good tonight, no question. But I don't think that was his 'A' game. That
tells you how good he is."

Walk-up ticket sales exceeded 6,000 for the game, swelling the crowd to 40,643.
They were on their feet cheering at the end, as Schilling retired the final 13
batters. He threw his best fastball, at 95 m.p.h., in the ninth.

Many of the Diamondbacks knew exactly what the Braves were up against.

"Believe me, I've faced him a lot of times," shortstop Tony Womack said. "I'm
just glad he's on my side. It's no fun hitting against him."

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Matt York, the Associated Press; Arizona Diamondbacks' pitcher
Curt Schilling pumps his fist after pitching a six-hit shutout against the
Atlanta Braves Wednesday in Phoenix. It was Schilling's first appearence in
Phoenix since being traded from the Phillies one week ago. The Diamondbacks won
2-0.

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 2000 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              528 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                   October 10, 2001 Wednesday, Final Edition

CRITICS, BACKERS WEIGH IN ON DHS;
Emotionally charged testimony, most of it critical, marks a final hearing on the
human service agency.

BYLINE: From staff reports

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 705 words

DATELINE: Portland


Emotionally charged public testimony on Maine's child-protective system Tuesday
night painted wildly different portraits of the Department of Health and Human
Services.

There is the bureaucratic bully that snatches children away from their families,
that belittles, coerces and retaliates against its critics.

Then there is the group of well-intentioned social workers, doing their tireless
best against a wave of paperwork and responsibilities.

"We're going to have to balance all these perspectives and look at them relating
to federal law, state law and the best practices," said Democratic Rep. Thomas
Kane of Saco, co-chairman of the Legislature's Health and Human Services
Committee.

The committee, charged with examining DHS practices in the wake of 5-year-old
Logan Marr's death while in foster care, listened to nearly three hours of
often-tearful, strangled-voiced testimony from foster parents, biological
parents and social workers.

The public hearing, held at the Maine Medical Center, was the final leg of a
road trip of sorts for the committee, which made stops in Ellsworth and Augusta
in August and September.

Another review group, the Committee to Review the Child Protective System, will
hold its first public hearing either late this month or early November, said
co-chairman, Rep. Charlie LaVerdiere, D-Wilton. Members are examining the
court's involvement in child protective cases.

Tuesday's hearing was dominated by criticism of the DHS.

"They (the DHS) make you feel like an ant on the bottom of the shoe, squashed,"
said Tom Murray of Caribou. Murray said his quest to win back custody of his
1-year-old daughter and ability to hold down a job are jeopardized by agency
indifference and a relentless schedule of anger management and parenting
classes.

Katherine Denning of Bridgton, whose two daughters were placed in foster care
nearly two years ago, said that she was told she had to sign a protective order
against herself or "I'd never see my children again."

Foster mother Diane Weymouth of West Newfield spoke of department employees who
exacted revenge after she wrote a letter of complaint about one social worker
about two years ago. The worker was later demoted, Weymouth said.

Since then, one of Weymouth's foster children has been removed because of
alleged spanking and another foster child was taken with the explanation, "you
know why," Weymouth said. A friend in the DHS told Weymouth that "they were
coming after my jugular."

Though a minority in the audience of more than 50 people, some spoke favorably
of state social workers.

"We've been treated very well," said Dennis Burns of West Baldwin, foster father
to two biological sisters. Social workers make regular visits to his home and
encourage interaction with the biological family, Burns said.

Louise Boisvert of Saco, a DHS supervisor and adoptive parent, said most social
workers are "big-hearted, well-intentioned people committed to making a
difference in the world."

But the work is so exhausting and stressful that many "move on to a job in the
private sector where they have lower caseloads, more money and far, far less
responsibility," she said.

A high turnover within the department creates strain on remaining workers and
disrupts continuity of care, Boisvert said.

Investigations by lawmakers began after Logan Marr died Jan. 31 in her foster
home in Chelsea. Foster mother Sally Ann Schofield, a former state
child-protection caseworker, is accused of taping Logan's mouth and leaving her
chair-bound in the basement where the girl died.

Federal and state investigators have since learned that the DHS does not always
fully investigate abuse allegations or check on foster children as often as
required and fails to relicense all foster homes on time.

The two committees plan to make recommendations when lawmakers reconvene in
January.

On Friday, the Health and Human Services Committee will hold its regular
biweekly meeting in Augusta. It has invited DHS workers and the private agencies
contracted by the DHS to "get a sense of what they see as working well and what
doesn't work well," Kane said.

Staff Writer Josie Huang can be contacted at 791-6364 or at:

jhuang@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2001 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                              529 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 18, 1994, Friday, Final Edition

Malaysian Premier Belittles Pacific Rim Euphoria

Paul Blustein, Washington Post Foreign Service

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A42

LENGTH: 926 words

DATELINE: JAKARTA, Indonesia


The air is still ringing with the rhetoric of harmony and community delivered at
this week's Asia-Pacific economic summit.

Just as predictably, Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad reminded
everybody that not all is sweetness and light between Asia and the United
States.

Mahathir is one of Asia's highest-decibel nationalists, with a zest for
ridiculing the decadence of Anglo-Saxon countries and their lofty attitudes on
trade, the environment and human rights. This week he fired his latest shot by
injecting a note of discord at the meeting of the Asia-Pacific Economic
Cooperation forum (APEC), expressing "reservations" about the leaders' pledge to
establish free trade in the region by 2020.

Dismantling trade barriers so drastically, he complained, might lead to small
countries like Malaysia being "totally dominated" by big countries. "If you had
been able to eavesdrop [on the summit], you would have heard other people saying
many of the same things I said," he told a news conference Wednesday. He refused
to identify his sympathizers, declaring: "Malaysia is sticking out its neck, as
usual."

Yes, there he goes again, the same man who boycotted the first APEC summit in
Seattle; who once launched a "buy British last" policy; who thumps the tub
endlessly for his proposal to form an East Asian Economic Caucus (EAEC), a
"loose consultative forum" that would include Japan, China, South Korea, Taiwan
and Southeast Asian countries but exclude Anglo-Saxon nations like Australia and
the United States.

Some government officials here ascribed Mahathir's behavior this week to his
long-simmering rivalry with the meeting's chairman, Indonesian President
Suharto, who heads a much larger country. Others said Mahathir simply craves
international attention -- which he got.

Reporters pursuing Mahathir at his Jakarta hotel Monday knocked over flower pots
and sent a woman sprawling under a table, according to Malaysia's
English-language New Straits Times. The paper said journalists were interested
in the Malaysian premier "because they know he is the most quotable of leaders
attending the meeting."

But while Mahathir may dislike Suharto and love the limelight, such explanations
dismiss his importance too lightly. He represents a strain of anti-Western
sentiment that has risen throughout East Asia as its economies have boomed and
social disorder has spread in Europe and America.

He has made common cause with Shintaro Ishihara, the right-wing Japanese
legislator whose 1989 book "The Japan That Can Say No" raised the specter of
Tokyo abandoning its timid foreign policy and forming anti-American alliances.
Just three weeks before the APEC meeting, Mahathir and Ishihara published a
jointly written book titled, "The Asia That Can Say No." Issued only in Japanese
so far, the book adopts a tone hardly in keeping with President Clinton's vision
of a "Pacific Community."

The authors devote much ink to the virtues of the EAEC proposal. They
acknowledge the wisdom of maintaining proper relations with Washington, but the
authors suggest some distance might be in order. They heap scorn on the Western
powers for excessive individualism, hedonism and crime. They wonder what might
possess the former colonial masters of Asia to demand change in countries like
Malaysia that are growing at 8 percent a year and maintain orderly societies.

In one of his chapters, for example, Mahathir notes that many wealthy Western
countries sanction homosexual marriages. "From our point of view, we cannot
consider this the mark of a developed country," he writes. "Even if a country
has money and technology, if it is retarded spiritually or morally, we cannot
say it is advanced."

Ishihara goes further. "Even if the world is smaller physically or time-wise,
there's no changing the fact that the Pacific is a huge ocean," he writes. "So
what do we [Asians] have in common [with the United States] just because we all
border the Pacific? Well, we have almost no strong point in common."

Such sentiments by no means represent the mainstream view in Asia. Think tanks
and foreign ministries around the region are full of people who contend that
Asia must keep the United States involved, both militarily and economically, and
that the formation of anything resembling an Asian "bloc" would court disaster
because it might polarize public opinion on both sides of the Pacific. Japan,
for this reason, has declined to join Mahathir's East Asian Caucus, offering the
excuse that it is not sure what the group would do.

For now, Mahathir is having to grit his teeth as the transpacific vision,
represented by APEC, appears to be fast gaining ascendancy over his Asians-only
approach. "Malaysia is the odd one out," declared a headline on the front page
of Singapore's Straits Times on Wednesday. Mahathir's arch-nemesis, Australian
Prime Minister Paul Keating, declared after the APEC summit that "instead of
having three blocs -- in Europe, Americas and Asia -- we will have an
Asia-Pacific dedicated to growth and cooperation."

But many analysts say that Mahathir's brand of nationalism would gain strength
if the United States played its hand clumsily in Asia and tried to bully its way
around the region. At any rate, the Malaysian leader shows no sign of fading
gracefully from the fray. Asked if he plans to stay home for next year's APEC
summit in Osaka, Japan, Mahathir replied with a smile: "I see no reason why I
should absent myself."


Special correspondent Shigehiko Togo in Tokyo contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: November18, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: FOREIGN NEWS

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              530 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                November 5, 1989, SUNDAY, LATE FIVE STAR Edition

MORNING ZOO COMES THROUGH WITH LATEST TWO WISE GUYS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 14D

LENGTH: 1400 words


It's 5:30 Friday morning, and most normal people are either sleeping or
barelyawake and unable to focus sharply on anything, much less the clock-radio
volume knob.  The KSHE-95 Morning Zoo Brothers - who aren't like most normal
people - are on the air.  ''Stay with us,'' Asher Benrubi (a k a Smash) says in
his smokey voice, ''because we're gonna be talking shortly to the lovely Ms. Zsa
Zsa Gabor.'' Zsa Zsa, who became a household name for no explainable reason, is
news today because of her much-publicized confrontion with a Beverly Hills cop.
Zsa Zsa is talking from the bathtub of her Bel Air, Calif., mansion. More
precisely, she is rambling - often unintelligibly - about police brutality,
goulash, gays and her sister, Eva, who earned widespread acclaim as a great
foreign barnyard actress for her role as Mrs. Oliver Wendell Douglas in TV's
''Green Acres.'' Smash and John Ulett (a k a U-Man) are reduced to bit players
on their own show because Zsa Zsa won't shut up.  Billy Joel's ''It's Still Rock
'n Roll To Me'' fades from the airwaves, and Zsa Zsa's still babbling away.  Cut
away to commercial spots . . . come back . . . Zsa Zsa's still going strong.
The Zoo Brothers manage a couple of well-placed wise cracks before they cut her
off.  This isn't what Edward R. Murrow had in mind when he elevated radio to
prominence during World War II, but, hey, the Zoo Brothers make their mark
because they are serious about being funny. ''We can be serious when we feel so
compelled,'' Smash says. ''We're like a friend. We can be serious or we can be
silly.  ''Our job is to have a good time and to reflect that over the airwaves.
To me, entertainment means to hold one's interest, whether that's a chuckle, a
big laugh or a 'ah, man-I-can't-believe-they-said-that.' ''We have fun, but we
don't really insult, degrade or belittle anybody. We make some wise cracks.''
Smash and U-Man are Wise Guys' kinds of guys.  But do they know pro football?
Tune in Monday morning and find out.  Morning Zoo Picks: Detroit at Houston (by
10). Easy. Houston. No problem.  Indianapolis at Miami (by 3). Smash's hometown
team, Indy, will upset the Dolphins.  NY Jets at New England (by 7 1/2). The
Jets, only because of the way New England treated Tony Eason. The Patriots
deserve to lose.  Seattle at Kansas City (by 2 1/2). The Chiefs, only because
they are at home.  LA Rams at Minnesota (by 4 1/2). The Vikings, because they
are going to win the Super Bowl.  Cleveland (by 3) at Tampa Bay. Go with the
Bucs, because they're so inconsistent that they'll pull this one off.  Chicago
(by 3) at Green Bay. Smash: ''I grew up with the Bears and always pick them.''
Buffalo (by 3) at Atlanta. Deion Sanders will have an amazing game and the
Falcons will blow Buffalo away.  Philadelphia (by 4) at San Diego. The Eagles
will romp.  NY Giants (by 3 1/2) at Phoenix. Smash says The Cards will win
because they aren't supposed to. U-Man says no way. ''The Giants will destroy
the Cards.  They always do.'' Cincinnati (by 1 1/2) at LA Raiders. We love the
Raiders. They're renegades, and we've always loved renegades.  Pittsburgh at
Denver (by 7 1/2). The Broncos will kill 'em in Denver.  Dallas at Washington
(by 14). Dallas stinks. The Cowboys are getting a karmic spanking for Jerry
Jones and Jimmy Johnson messing over the team and fans.  New Orleans at San
Francisco (by 6), Monday. Smash says go with the Niners if Joe Montana plays. If
he doesn't, go with the Saints. U-Man says go with the Saints regardless.
Pastin's Picks: Philadelphia (by 4) at San Diego. Chargers don't have any
offense. QB Jim McMahon is struggling and unpopular. Eagles have spent the week
in San Diego.  Eagles 35, Chargers 17.  NY Jets at New England (by 7 1/2). Free
safety Erik McMillan is the Jets' best offense, with three of their last four
TDs. Patriots 30, Jets 24.  Detroit at Houston (by 10). Young Lions have an
embarrassing minus-21 turnover ratio. Oilers 33, Lions 17.  Indianapolis at
Miami (by 3). Eric Dickerson's hamstring isn't getting better. He's
poor-mouthing teammates, too. Dolphins 33, Colts 24.  Seattle at Kansas City (by
2 1/2). Chiefs have won seven in a row over Seahawks at Arrowhead. Chiefs 23,
Seahawks 20.  LA Rams at Minnesota (by 4 1/2). Rams' offensive line has hit the
skids. In last three games, Jim Everett has been sacked 10 times and rushing
game has generated 59, 53 and 84 yards. Vikings 24, Rams 17.  Cleveland (by 3)
at Tampa Bay. Browns' offense is cooking behind Bernie Kosar and Webster
Slaughter (476 yards receiving in last three weeks).  Browns 31, Bucs 23.
Chicago (by 3) at Gree n Bay. Packers' Don Majkowski has thrown for
league-leading 2,303 yards and is NFL's sixth-rated quarterback (88.4).  Packers
28, Bears 24.  Buffalo (by 3) at Atlanta. Falcons' Marion Campbell is 33-77-1 as
a head coach in the NFL. Bills 27, Falcons 20.  NY Giants (by 3 1/2) at Phoenix.
Monday night winners are 6-1 the following Sunday. Giants 31, Cardinals 23.
Cincinnati (by 1 1/2) at LA Raiders. Raiders are 3-1 under Art Shell, but
scatter-gun Jay Schroeder, benched recently, must start because Steve Beuerlein
is injured. Bengals 33, Raiders 21.  Pittsburgh at Denver (by 7 1/2). Broncos
have slipped, but not enough for Pittsburgh to steal one. Broncos 28, Steelers
23.  Dallas at Washington (by 14). Being 0-8 is bad enough, but the Cowboys'
second-half schedule is the NFL's toughest - foes have a combined 40-24 record.
Redskins 31, Cowboys 14.  New Orleans at San Francisco (by 6), Monday. Saints
always seem to self-destruct against 49ers. 49ers 23, Saints 20.  Last week: 7-7
vs. spread, 9-5 straight up. Season: 50-62 vs. spread, 68-44 straight up. Vs.
Wise Guys: 4-3-1.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; Photo by Gary Bohn/Post-Dispatch ... John Ulett (right) and
Asher Benrubi are Wise Guys' kind of guys.

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              531 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                    November 30, 2002 Saturday Final Edition

Amonte sticks it to Chicago GM

SOURCE: The Ottawa Citizen

BYLINE: Allen Panzeri

SECTION: Sports; Inside the NHL; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 1082 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON - Tony Amonte is enjoying himself in Phoenix, but he's still deeply
bitter about the way he was treated in Chicago. So when the Blackhawks visited
Phoenix on Thanksgiving Thursday, the forward took some time to carve up Chicago
general manager Mike Smith.

"He's a negative guy," Amonte said. "He's always trying to belittle people and
bring them down.

"He's not an honest guy and that team is never going to win a Stanley Cup with
him at the helm. He's going to be as ruthless as he can be. He'd cut his
mother's eyeballs out if he had to, to get the job done. That's not the recipe
for winning. You have to be up front and honest."

So there.

Meanwhile, now that Theo Fleury has been cleared to practise with the
Blackhawks, the next question is when he'll be cleared to play a game.

That could be as early as tonight against Los Angeles or tomorrow against
Anaheim. But the more realistic expectation is that clearance will be withheld
until the team returns home and plays the Ottawa Senators on Wednesday.

Fleury said he was ready to play a month ago, but he's not pushing his comeback
now.

"I'm very, very lucky to have the opportunity to have another chance," said
Fleury.

"If I was looking ahead to something, what I look forward to every day is
standing on the blue-line when the anthem is playing getting ready to play a
game."

Islanders Make Headline Easy

The headline writers at Newsday on Long Island had fun the day after the
Islanders wore their new jerseys against the Senators and skated to a 2-2 draw.
Over the story, the headline was, "New shirt and a tie." ... When the San Jose
Sharks failed to get a power play in Pittsburgh last week, it marked the first
time in the franchise's 891 regular-season games that it did not get at least
one power play. ... At 15-3-3-1, the Bruins have had their best start since the
1979-80 team opened 15-3-3 en route to a 105-point season. "Still, until we get
to the playoffs and have success, it's still going to be, 'Yeah, OK, but let's
wait and see who they do in the playoffs,"' defenceman Sean O'Donnell said. "I
think that's maybe what some of the fans are saying."

Going, Going, but Not Gone

A deal between the Colorado Avalanche and the Boston Bruins could still happen,
but for the moment it's off. In one variation, the Avalanche offered forwards
Alex Tanguay, Scott Parker and defenceman Martin Skoula for winger Martin
Lapointe and defenceman Kyle McLaren. The Bruins wanted forward Radim Vrbata
instead of Skoula, but the Avalanche said no. ... There is even a rumour out
there that the Bruins could get New York Rangers centre Eric Lindros for
McLaren. ... He said there was nothing ominous about his visit, but Calgary
Flames chief executive and president Ken King raised eyebrows when he walked
into the Ritz-Carlton Hotel in Washington on Wednesday, especially with head
coach Greg Gilbert about to walk the plank. (In a scheduling quirk, both the
Senators and the Flames were at the hotel at the same time). King said he was
here to provide "moral suppport. There's nothing to be paranoid about." If
Gilbert is sacked, he will be the third Flames coach to get gassed in the past
31 months.

Lowe to Chelios: Shut Up

Edmonton general manager Kevin Lowe wasn't amused to hear Detroit defenceman
Chris Chelios criticizing the refereeing. "I don't agree with him when he says
the league stinks," Lowe said. "If he thinks that way, maybe he can retire."
Lowe, of course, is part of the NHL's review committee that this week endorsed
the work the officials are doing in cracking down on obstruction. ... Columbus
coach Dave King was raving about the inventiveness of Edmonton forward Mike
Comrie this week. "Guys like Mike do things differently with the puck, like
putting it in their skates and back to the stick on a deke, or banking it off
the boards to themselves or off the back of the net," King said. "I wish we
could develop more players with that flair for the game, that ability to
improvise. He does things that he did in youth hockey to see if they'll work.
Players shouldn't create predictable solutions for situations. Let them go."

Taking Measure of the NHL

Next up: An episode of This Old Rink starring Mike Keenan. Last week, after his
team's morning skate in Phoenix, Keenan got out a tape measure with equipment
manager Mark Brennan and measured the ice surface at America West Arena, the
Coyotes' home since 1996. What he found surprised him. The ice surface is 72
feet wide, 13 feet shorter than the standard 85-foot NHL rink, and it is 198
feet long, two feet shorter than the standard 200-footer. "When I went out
there, I said, 'Something's not right,"' Keenan said. "Sure enough, my hunch was
correct." Coyotes general manager Mike Barnett wasn't amused with the obvious
mind games: "If Mike's that interested in measurements, he should go to Home
Depot." The NHL has permitted Phoenix to play on the smaller rink until their
new building opens in December 2003.

Hurme Getting His Shot

Former Ottawa Senators backup Jani Hurme always wanted to be a No. 1 goalie, and
now he's getting his chance with Florida. For the time being, he has supplanted
Roberto Luongo, who started the first 10 games of the season before opening the
door for Hurme by missing three games with a sore back. Hurme has started six of
the past eight games and got the Panthers at least a point in 10 of the 11 games
in which he played. ... Minnesota forward Marian Gaborik is a budding superstar
and his teammates can't say enough about him. "I'm telling you, this is one of
the great talents in the NHL," Cliff Ronning said. "I find myself going back to
the bench after he scores and saying, 'Did he really do that?' For me, it has
made playing hockey fun again."

Goalie Jam in St. Louis

St. Louis netminder Brent Johnson, recovering from a high ankle sprain, will go
to Worcester of the American Hockey League next week for a conditioning stint.
When he returns, it'll likely be curtains for Fred Brathwaite because the Blues
are expected to go with Tom Barrasso and Johnson. The Senators play in St. Louis
on Tuesday and could end up facing Barrasso, their former teammate, or
Brathwaite, a native of Ottawa. ... The nickname of Tampa Bay goalie Kevin
Hodson is "Ticker." He comes by it honestly. In February 1996, a month after his
debut with the Red Wings, he had surgery to correct an irregular and rapid heart
rate. Detroit teammate Kris Draper gave him the nickname when he returned.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Roy Dabner, The Associated Press; Coyotes forward Tony Amonte,
shown above racing Jason Strudwick for the puck in his first game against his
former team, carved up Chicago general manager Mike Smith on Thanksgiving
Thursday.

TYPE: Sports; Column

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              532 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 14, 1997, Sunday, Final Edition

A Madness to His Method; Coach P.J. Carlesimo Is a Loudmouth, and a Motivator

Jennifer Frey, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 1926 words

DATELINE: OAKLAND, Calif.


Danny Hurley was standing in a gym, trying to get a team of Rutgers basketball
players to listen to his directions. He saw a player smirk. He saw another
player slacking off. He heard himself screaming. And then he stopped, and
thought about himself, and about his college days at Seton Hall, and this is
what he thought: "Man, I must have been such a jerk to coach. Such a total
jerk."

P .J. Carlesimo is a screamer. He yells, he rants, he belittles. He tells
players that they are babies. He tells players that they are weak and pathetic.
He tells players that they are hurting the team. He does all this at the the top
of his lungs, his broad mouth like a cavern, his red-gray beard cupped in his
hands, so that it almost seems like he is barking his anger and disapproval. The
phrases are laced with expletives. The words sting.

There was a time when Danny Hurley heard those screams and saw that face in his
nightmares. Hurley had a big brother, Bobby, in the NBA, and a father, Bobby
Sr., who was a coach, and a boatload of expectations on his shoulders. It was
too much for him to handle. He had no confidence in himself. And when he
listened to Carlesimo scream at him, he hated his coach and, worse, he believed
everything that his coach said about him.

"I can understand where a lot of these NBA guys are coming from with what
they've been saying and the complaints they have about P.J.," Hurley said, by
telephone, from a hotel in Florida, where he had just finished breaking down a
tape with his fellow assistants on the Rutgers coaching staff.

"And if you had asked me these questions about P.J. maybe two or three years
ago, while I was still playing, you probably would have gotten a different
answer. But being a coach, and having the opportunity to step away from it now,
I realize that P.J. never did anything to me that wasn't justified. I feel
guilty now. I was the one who was being immature."

On Dec. 1, Latrell Sprewell, a talented and extremely well-paid guard for the
Golden State Warriors, attacked Carlesimo, his coach, at practice. He attacked
him once, choking him, and then came back 15 minutes later and attacked him
again, this time throwing a punch. As a result, the Warriors voided his $ 32
million contract, the NBA handed him a record one-year suspension, and Sprewell
retained a panel of lawyers, Johnnie Cochran included, to appeal the suspension
and prepare a defense that will be based, in part, on this argument: P.J.
Carlesimo is a verbally abusive coach. He provoked the attack.

There are NBA players who have stories to support that argument, the Washington
Wizards' Rod Strickland among them. Strickland (who damaged his own credibility
when he got involved in a hotel-room fight with a teammate, Tracy Murray,
earlier this week) played for Carlesimo in Portland, where Carlesimo had his
first NBA job after 12 seasons at Seton Hall, and where he was accused -- as he
has been again now -- of failing to adjust his college coaching style to the NBA
game. There, Carlesimo and Strickland had altercations that became almost
legend. So, too, did Carlesimo and Isaiah Rider. Chris Dudley, now with the New
York Knicks, has described Carlesimo as a "screamer," and his description is
seconded by Buck Williams, another Trail Blazer turned Knick.

"He's annoying," Strickland said of Carlesimo. "That's the bottom line. We've
been face to face on many occasions, that's for sure. He doesn't know how to
deal with men. He's just dealt with college kids."

Carlesimo has been bombarded with questions about whether he will change his
coaching style in the aftermath of this incident, and his answer is almost
always the same. Arms crossed, leaning up against the wall outside the Warriors
locker room, he shook his head when asked that question, again, after a game
this past Wednesday night.

"I can't," he said. "You have to be who you are, particularly if you believe in
yourself and what you're doing."

'A Perfectionist'

This is who P.J. Carlesimo, the coach, happens to be:

"He's demanding," said Bruce Hamburger, a former assistant and now head coach at
Kane University in Union, N.J.

"He's a perfectionist," said Jose Rebimbas, a former Seton Hall player who now
coaches at another New Jersey college, William Patterson.

"He's very, very meticulous and very attentive to detail," said Rod Baker, a
Seton Hall assistant who now works with Bob Huggins in Cincinnati.

Tom Sullivan, another assistant who now runs the program at Maryland-Baltimore
County, used the word "exacting." Chuck Daly picked the word "driven" to
describe the man he chose to assist him in coaching the U.S. Olympic basketball
team in 1992. Williams liked the phrase "hard-lined." Hurley echoed Hamburger's
"demanding."

"At times, when I was playing for him, I'd definitely feel like he was going
overboard and picking on me," said Hurley, who took a year off from basketball
because of his confidence problems. "But, by the same token, I also realized
that that was the type of coach he was. He did what was necessary to get
whatever he could out of the people he had. He got the best from them."

Carlesimo describes himself as "intense," "emotional," and someone who asks a
lot of his players, and, as a result, can alienate those who are not willing to
live up to his standards. His coaching philosophy has always been that he must
be hardest on his best player, because that player sets the tone for the rest of
the team. He was brutal to Mark Bryant, now a member of the Phoenix Suns, when
Bryant was the top player on the Seton Hall team Carlesimo led to the NCAA
championship game in 1989. He was brutal to John Morton, who is now playing in
Europe, the following year. Terry Dehere -- currently a member of the Sacramento
Kings -- got pushed hardest during his years at Seton Hall. Carlesimo rode
Strickland in Portland. And he rode Sprewell at Golden State.

The two had a series of incidents prior to the blowup on Dec. 1, incidents that
made their battle for authority clear. Carlesimo benched Sprewell for laughing
during a timeout in a game the Warriors were losing, badly, to the Los Angeles
Lakers. He kicked Sprewell out of a practice a few days later. He benched him at
the start of another game for what he perceived as Sprewell's poor practice
efforts. He cursed Sprewell frequently. At times, Warriors players say, Sprewell
cursed him back.

Though Sprewell and Carlesimo have declined to discuss the specific events of
Dec. 1 -- both on the advice of attorneys -- Sprewell has made it clear that he
erupted because he was sick and tired of Carlesimo's verbal attacks. He, and his
supporters, have suggested that Carlesimo does not treat his players like, as
the Knicks' John Starks put it, "the grown men that we are." Carlesimo's
defenders insist that all good coaches yell, and that what is important is to
"glean the essence of the message and learn from it, and see how it's going to
make you better," according to Baker. "You can't get all caught up in the way
the message is delivered. That shows immaturity."

Sullivan, who has known Carlesimo since the two played together at Fordham in
the late 1960s, sees the situation as a simple dividing line between
generations.

"P.J.'s father taught him great values about sports and what sports could be and
how it could change and shape peoples lives and teach them what they needed to
be successful," Sullivan said. "That's P.J.'s value system. And now, because of
this one individual, people are trying to say that P.J.'s value system is not
valid. And I'm saying that [Sprewell's] value system is not valid.

"What's happening now," he continued, "is that we are seeking the opinions of
the J.R. [Isaiah] Riders and the Rod Stricklands on a guy who has come from a
family that that has been in sports for 25 years and has always valued hard
work. Maybe that approach doesn't fit this generation. Maybe they just don't
care."

Born to Compete

Carlesimo grew up in the world of athletics. His father, Peter, was an athletic
director, and a basketball coach, and a football coach. P.J., oldest of 10
children, lived in that world from his infancy, and constantly spent time with
his father at work. Asked if basketball is the most important thing is life,
Carlesimo responds instantly: "Of course not," he said. "My family is."

Now caught up in one of the most trying periods in his professional life,
Carlesimo requested that his family not be contacted for this story because he
said he did not want to "draw them into this situation and put them through
more." For Carlesimo, at age 48, family is still defined by his parents and
brothers and sisters. He's never married, never had children.

For the first several months after he signed his five-year, $ 15 million
contract with the Warriors, Carlesimo lived in a room at the Oakland Marriott.
The hotel is connected to the team's practice facilities and its offices.
Carlesimo did not bother to hunt for a home or an apartment. He went to work,
stayed late, then rode an elevator back to the hotel, where there were
chocolates on his pillow every night.

"It's not that I've made a conscious decision not to get married," Carlesimo
said. "It's just that I haven't found anybody crazy enough. People think it's
premeditated. It's not. That's not it at all."

Carlesimo may not be married, but he is far from antisocial. Even most of those
players who found him to be a nightmare on the practice court insist, quickly,
that Carlesimo is a prince of guy to be around. He's friendly, talkative,
demonstrative with his affection. He has cried openly when involved in charity
functions that include disabled children. He turns dining into an event,
expanding his list of invitees -- assistant coaches, former assistants, former
players, wives, children, grandchildren -- to the point that he often has to
reserve whole restaurants to accommodate his party.

"There are some guys who can't do anything else but basketball, and I do not
think P.J. is one of those guys," Baker said. "But I think he misses the
[family] side of his life, he just doesn't know it yet. I see him with my kids
and I realize he just doesn't know how much he misses that in his life. I think
he'd be good at that."

Unlike some coaches, especially those from the college ranks, Carlesimo is
almost never described as a father figure to his players. He is, according to
several former players and assistants, far more like the much older big brother
who rides you for every mistake, but does it because he cares. Hurley, for one,
does not dispute the affection that Carlesimo has for his players. During the
year Hurley spent away from basketball -- a year in which he felt it was
frequently characterized, publicly, that Carlesimo had helped drive him out of
the game -- Carlesimo called him every single day to offer support.

"He was one of my biggest supporters during that time," said Hurley, who has
admitted he was so unhappy that he spent almost all his time holed up in his
dorm room. "He called me, he supported me, he tried to give me confidence. A lot
of people just don't understand the man. And, unfortunately, he's getting some
bad things said about him. I know. I used to say the bad things. But I think a
lot of the guys who are saying things, I think their perspective will change, as
mine did, after you step away from the situation. Then they'll see. They'll see
that he was just trying to make them the best player they can be, just like he
did with me."


LOAD-DATE: December 14, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, ap/steve slocum; Photo, ap/susan ragan; Photo, ap/brent wojahn,
In wake of Latrell Sprewell incident, Warriors' P.J. Carlesimo has had to defend
his style.  Rod Strickland, who had many confrontations with P.J. Carlesimo in
Portland, says, "He's annoying. That's the bottom line." P.J. Carlesimo, former
Seton Hall player Danny Hurley said, "did what was necessary to get whatever he
could out of the people he had. He got the best from them."

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                              533 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

Gingrich's Reagan ties debated

BYLINE: Daniel Malloy; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1057 words


SARASOTA, Fla. --- Having breezed through the high points of his two decades in
Congress, Republican presidential hopeful Newt Gingrich settled on the
comparison that forms the crux of his message.

"The Reagan-Gingrich model is lower taxes; the Obama model is higher taxes," he
said at a rally in advance of Florida's primary. "The Reagan-Gingrich model is
less regulation; the Obama model is more regulation."

The height of Gingrich's political power came during the Clinton administration,
when Gingrich was the House speaker. Yet he far more often invokes the Ronald
Reagan administration. Gingrich calls himself a "Reagan conservative" and is the
only candidate who can say he worked with Reagan, whose Republican Party status
was assured well before his 2004 death.

Gingrich frequently touts his ties to the 40th president --- in one 27-minute
speech in Manchester, N.H., he uttered the word "Reagan" 23 times. But during
the 1980s Gingrich was a junior member of Congress. His depictions of his
influence do not always match recollections of Reagan contemporaries and now
have come under political attack. Some support Gingrich's claims, but others say
they are "misleading at best."

Gingrich's chief rival for the nomination, former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt
Romney, tried to belittle the connection last week during a debate in South
Carolina by noting that Reagan only mentioned Gingrich once in his diaries.

A Romney-allied super PAC, Restore Our Future, is airing a television ad in
Florida saying that to hear Gingrich in debates, "you'd think Newt Gingrich was
Ronald Reagan's vice president. ... Gingrich exaggerates, dropping Reagan's name
50 times." In the one mention in Reagan's diaries, the ad points out, Reagan
rejects Gingrich's idea to freeze the budget.

Gingrich's defenders say he does not exaggerate his claims, but Gingrich is
inconsistent in how he characterizes his role.

For example, Gingrich often talks about supply-side economics, the theory that
tax cuts and reduced burdens for employers lead to a healthier economy for all.

On Jan. 9 in Manchester, Gingrich said he worked with economists Art Laffer,
Larry Kudlow and others "and we developed what was called supply-side
economics."

Kudlow, who became Reagan's director of the Office of Management and Budget,
would put it differently.

"Newt was not one of the original, original supply-siders," Kudlow said. "Newt
wasn't in that group, but as I've written, it is fair for Newt to say he was
part of the Jack Kemp gang."

Kemp was a more senior congressman who served as a mentor to Gingrich and was an
influential force in the White House. Kemp co-wrote the 1981 tax cut bill, a
major moment for supply-side policy.

"In those meetings in '78, '79, when Reagan was being briefed both by economists
and by Kemp and others and increased his commitment to supply-side economics, I
was there. Newt wasn't," said Charlie Black, a top Reagan adviser and Romney
supporter.

Kudlow, who has not endorsed a presidential candidate, now hosts a television
show on CNBC, and Gingrich is a frequent guest. He said he has not heard
Gingrich exaggerate, and Gingrich does not always take credit for the concept on
the stump.

On Jan. 8 in Derry, N.H., Gingrich said of his first congressional race in
Georgia in 1978: "I ran on a new concept that ... others had developed called
supply-side economics."

Said Kudlow: "You're talking about Newt --- nothing is ever perfectly
consistent. But I think Newt has a pretty consistent narrative on supply-side
tax cuts."

On defense policy, Gingrich evolved during the Reagan decade.

In 1981, Gingrich joined the newly formed Congressional Military Reform Caucus.
The caucus initially focused on strategy, attempting to shift the military away
from preparing for a conventional ground war.

Bill Lind, then a staffer for caucus co-founder Sen. Gary Hart, D-Colo., said
Gingrich was active in rallying congressional conservatives and commanding media
attention. "We were making the Pentagon's life hell," Lind said, particularly
with a report critical of the 1983 invasion of Grenada.

The military reform caucus became more budget-minded as Reagan increased
Pentagon spending --- but by then Gingrich had become more of a White House
ally.

"He's the guy who comes to town and kicks the establishment in the shins and
keeps kicking the establishment in the shins until it says, 'If we let you in,
will you stop kicking us?' " Lind said. "He viewed things like the military
reform caucus as a horse to ride, and once he got where he wanted to be, he
discarded them."

Gingrich became an avid supporter of Reagan's Strategic Defense Initiative on
missile defense, also known as "Star Wars." He frequently was in touch with
Reagan National Security Adviser Robert MacFarlane, a major proponent of SDI.
MacFarlane, who later pleaded guilty to withholding information from Congress in
the Iran-Contra scandal, is now a Gingrich campaign surrogate and has introduced
Gingrich on the trail.

MacFarlane said Gingrich's support was critical for SDI, which was criticized at
the time as being too expensive and far-fetched. Though still a back-bench
congressman, Gingrich held sway among House conservatives.

During his Manchester speech, Gingrich went further, saying: "I helped develop
many of the aspects of defeating the Soviet empire."

Asked directly about that claim, MacFarlane said, "He certainly was a
contributor and a key supporter, no question about it."

Black, the senior Reagan political aide, called Gingrich's Soviet claim a
stretch.

"For all Newt's schemes, he was not looked to as a national security expert
during his years in Congress," Black said.

Elliott Abrams, an assistant secretary of state under Reagan, wrote an op-ed on
the National Review website --- circulated Wednesday by the Romney campaign ---
that Gingrich's "claims are misleading at best. ... Mr. Gingrich voted with the
president regularly, but equally often spewed insulting rhetoric at Reagan, his
top aides, and his policies to defeat Communism."

In 1985, Gingrich described an arms control meeting between Reagan and Soviet
leader Mikhail Gorbachev as "the most dangerous summit for the West since Adolf
Hitler met with Chamberlain in 1938 at Munich."

Gingrich does not mention the disagreements on the campaign trail, instead
depicting himself as the logical heir to the popular president.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2012 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              534 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            January 24, 2016 Sunday

Nolan pulls a 'Francesa' on Mike

BYLINE: Phil Mushnick

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 90

LENGTH: 380 words


TWO PEAS In A Podcast: Interesting that Mike Francesa would reveal his WFAN
farewell date to FOX's Katie Nolan during her podcast. They have much in common.

Nolan, though flattering and even servile toward Francesa while they spoke,
didn't mention she previously has mocked his FAN show on her FOX Sports 1
program.

But that's a Francesa standard: Belittle them when they're not around, flatter
them when they're on with him.

Ah, so many from which to choose. ... There was 2002, when he and Chris Russo
ridiculed the Hall of Fame selection of Bills' coach Marv Levy - they claimed he
was undeserving. The next day Levy came on the show, and they congratulated him
as one of the all-time greats!

Don't know how many thousands of dollars it cost Rutgers, its stuck-for-the-bill
students and their parents, and Jersey taxpayers to ship RU's women's basketball
to and from East Lansing to play Michigan State last week, but the game, which
appeared on the Big Ten Network - RU lost - was played to a nearly empty arena.

Attendance was announced as 4,900, but it had to be closer to 1,000.

Whatever, RU just keeps shoveling money into the Big Ten black hole and no one
approves faster and louder than rah-rah absentee Gov. Christie, who dismissed RU
football recruits' violent, terrorizing felony crime wave last year as "kids
being kids."

Recall notorious cable TV time-buy scamdicapper, blowhard and professional
get-rich-with-me ("I know the winners of horseraces before they're run!")
baloney grinder Wayne Allyn Root?

The frequently failed sports tout has thrown his bombast and hubris into the
political arena. Easy transition. Last month in Vegas he was the master of
ceremonies - and the only other speaker besides Donald Trump - at a Trump for
President rally in Las Vegas.

Two favorites: Root hurled repeated allegations to me about how the slimiest in
what he admitted to be a slimy business - lucky me, I was talking to the one
honest guy - is scamdicapper Jim Feist. Soon, as seen on TV, Root was partnered
with Jim Feist.

Then there was Root's published assertion that he was "a New York Daily News
columnist." Never. He briefly supplied the News a weekly football pick box -
brief because he proved that no one needed his help to lose their money.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              535 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                               May 9, 2011 Monday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

SCOTT CALLS SESSION A WIN

BYLINE: MICHAEL C. BENDER

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1159 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



HIGHLIGHT: The governor says his small victories with lawmakers add up to a
successful session.


Florida Gov. Rick Scott came into his first legislative session with goals as
specific as they were bold on tax cuts, spending cuts, state workforce
reductions and pension contributions.

He failed to reach his targets, but a powerful Republican Legislature approved
portions of each, allowing him now to embark on a statewide victory lap to sign
bills in front of TV cameras.

Scott calls the session an unqualified success, which he measures by the
undeniable steps lawmakers took toward his broad goals. That self-evaluation,
however, departs from his devotion to rigid measurements and acknowledges the
give-and-take of a legislative process he criticized from the campaign trail a
year ago and learned on the fly once he took office.

"We've made big progress," Scott said Friday in his first interview with the
Times/Herald since winning election. "We'll make more progress next session."

Scott's willingness to equate progress with victory earns him high marks from
Republican lawmakers. But time will tell whether he gets the same reaction from
the conservative tea party movement, his base of support that often belittles
compromise as a sign of weakness.

"He could have done more, but I don't blame him," said Tampa 9/12 Project
organizer Karen Jaroch.

"A lot of us are new to the process," she said of the tea party movement. "We're
more apt to give him a pass this go-around and maybe have higher expectations
next time."

Scott's biggest victory was forcing teachers, police and other state workers to
contribute 3 percent of their salary to their pensions. Lawmakers rejected
Scott's call for a 5 percent contribution and other changes, but the compromise
means state workers will pay into their retirement for the first time in
decades.

He asked lawmakers to cut almost $5 billion from the budget and instead received
a $700 million reduction.

Scott backed off his call for the state to pay for private school vouchers for
all public school students. But he celebrated less ambitious education bills
like one that lets charter schools operate entirely online.

Scott's tax cut deal is one-eighth of the $1.7 billion he wanted. But the
governor will be able to say he removed 14,000 businesses from the corporate
income tax rolls at a cost of just $30 million.

Meanwhile, conservative radio hosts already are asking Scott about the failure
of an Arizona-style immigration bill that is at least partly on his shoulders.

Many tea party activists supported his call to require private businesses to use
E-Verify to check employees' immigration status. But after winning the
Republican primary, Scott rarely mentioned the change, opposed by some powerful
business interests.

Scott disputed that immigration reform has dropped down his priority list.

"Everything that I believe in and ran on is a priority," he said.

Democrats said Scott's pro-business victories were losses for students and the
sick. Without raising taxes, lawmakers approved cuts to public schools and
health care for the poor.

"Toward the end you saw Republicans trying to drop a bone to Rick Scott," said
Rep. Perry Thurston, D-Plantation, adding that Republican leaders were wary of
crossing Scott and his tea party base.

Republican Sen. John Thrasher of St. Augustine said it was important for
lawmakers to support a new GOP governor who "won even by a narrow margin."

"We gave him what we could," Thrasher said. "We wanted to make him successful."

Scott, a former hospital executive and a first-time office holder, was pulled
along in the session after a string of stumbles.

Sen. Mike Fasano caused unexpected trouble. The New Port Richey Republican used
his committee to grill Scott's aides over their plan to fire hundreds of
correctional officers.

Fasano declared the plan "dead on arrival" leading Scott's office to temporarily
boycott his committee.

A pair of Republican senators, J.D. Alexander of Lake Wales and Paula Dockery of
Lakeland, took the rare step of filing requests demanding all public records
related to Scott's decision to sell the state planes and halt high-speed rail.

But Scott was led astray by allies, too.

As a favor to Thrasher late in the session, Scott made personal visits to the
Senate offices of four Republicans, including three freshmen, in hopes of
getting their support for a bill that would have made it more difficult for
unions to collect dues from state employees.

All four told him no and the bill failed.

Sen. Rene Garcia, R-Hialeah, who is in his first year in the Senate after eight
years in the House, said the conversation with Scott was polite and
policy-driven.

Scott didn't threaten any of Garcia's priorities with a veto.

"I would expect a little more," Garcia said. "But everyone has a different
style. He's learning the process."

Scott laughed when he was reminded about striking out with all four senators.
But he disputed the notion that he should leverage his veto power to push his
priorities.

"They know that," Scott said. "I shouldn't have to say it."

Scott said policies should pass or fail on their own merits.

"That's how I've lived my life," he said. "That's how I did deals when I built
companies.

"I know it wouldn't happen if it wasn't a win-win. If it's not in your best
interest, the odds are it's not going to happen."

In the final weeks of session, Scott began using his office as a megaphone to
call for a hefty corporate income tax cut. With carefully crafted language, he
implied he would veto a budget without his tax cuts.

But with only days left in budget negotiations and fellow Republicans arguing
there was no clear nexus between job creation and corporate tax cuts, lawmakers
largely shrugged.

"He's been a little late to the party," said Sen. Nancy Detert, R-Venice.

Scott soon agreed to a deal to increase the corporate tax exemption, a
relatively cheap fix that moved halfway to his goal of eliminating the tax on
all businesses.

Florida Chamber of Commerce president Mark Wilson, one of Scott's top allies,
sent lawmakers a pointed memo in the final days of session urging them to rein
in Scott's plan to create one state agency for all economic development
programs.

Fearful the plans had not been fully vetted, Wilson successfully lobbied
lawmakers to approve smaller changes for the new Department of Economic
Opportunity and revisit the bigger plans next year.

"The clock is running out," Wilson wrote. "We recommend fixing what is broken
now and taking more time to fully evaluate opportunities for alignment and
collaboration."

Scott gladly signed off on the changes, which give his Office of Tourism, Trade
and Economic Development control over some programs in the Agency for Workforce
Innovation and the Department of Community Affairs.

"The way I think about it is this: I have a plan. Seven steps to 700,000 jobs,"
Scott said. "If I could do it in a day that would be really nice. It didn't just
happen that way."

Michael C. Bender can be reached at mbender@sptimes.com or (850) 224-7263.
Follow him on Twitter @MichaelCBender.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2011 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              536 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             May 3, 2006 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Man with a sense of public duty

BYLINE: Helen Trinca

SECTION: NEWS; Features; Pg. 61

LENGTH: 571 words


Helen Trinca recalls the days when J. K. Galbraith was often on the phone,
sharing his thoughts with Australian radio listeners.

JK. Galbraith was always accessible to the press - something his critics at
times used to belittle his credentials.

Galbraith was part of a generation of talented, powerful American academics and
advisers who believed strongly in the notion of public obligation.

Talking - free of charge - on radio or giving press interviews was just what a
member of his intellectually privileged class was supposed to do.

That commitment to a shared knowledge - what we might call the commons - meant
Galbraith was often on the end of the phone from his home in Cambridge,
Massachusetts, talking to Australian radio listeners.

More than 15 years ago, when I worked as a producer for Pru Goward's ABC
Canberra early morning show, we'd call up Galbraith at the drop of a hat to talk
to him on air about macro-economic issues.

Galbraith was a star. That big, easy North American voice (he was Canadian-born)
matched an ability to make complex ideas comprehensible. He was also a great
believer in the responsibilities of governments towards its citizens; a man
who'd worked for Roosevelt; written prolifically; a man with the confidence and
ego to embrace the role of the public intellectual.

Years later, on a visit to the United States, I contacted Galbraith and
organised an interview at his rambling New Englander in a cosy Cambridge street,
not far from his beloved Harvard University. It was 1998 and Galbraith was about
to turn 90. He was a very tall, graceful man, a little stooped but along with
his wife, Kitty, (they married in 1937) he was an advertisement for the benefits
of a thinking, intellectually engaged life.

We retired to the front room. J. K. answered my questions with courtesy, but the
interview was short, perhaps 15 minutes. He was tired and had figured out just
how far he could push himself at his age. Then he took me into the study and
pointed out a range of photographs on the wall. There he was, for example, with
J.F.K, the president who appointed him as ambassador to India.

I told him that the year before, staying at a lodge at Bikaner in Rajasthan, we
had discovered to our delight that the miniature paintings in our room had been
presented by Galbraith during his stint in India. A brush with fame.

Then it was time to go. Kitty, almost girlish into her 80s, let me out - past
the telephone alcove where Galbraith's voice had boomed out to the world for
decades.

It was autumn and like many Boston area homes, the Galbraiths' house temperature
was bracing rather than warm. But then these two were clearly of robust stock.

I wrote later in my piece for The Sydney Morning Herald:

"Galbraith's (public) voice is rooted in class, intellect and education. His
bulwark has been a world centred on a university post, an enduring marriage and
a gracious two-storey house in one of the prettiest streets of Cambridge. From
this haven of rationality and theory, Galbraith has sailed forth into the world
of policy, politics and practice. He has been the most politically engaged
economist of recent times.

"His was a generation which believed in the notion of public duty and
contribution and took it for granted it could make a difference - a sort of
noblesse oblige of the Americas."

His was a big life and you come across him in the most unlikely corners.

It was, as they say, an excellent innings.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2006 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              537 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            March 9, 1994, Wednesday

MARINE ART EXHIBIT OPENS AT NEW YORK'S SEAPORT MUSEUM

BYLINE: Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: MARITIME, Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 287 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


An exhibit of some 60 works of America's foremost marine painter, James Edward
Buttersworth, will be on display April 14 to Sept. 5 at the South Street Seaport
Museum's A.A. Low building, 171 John St.

To Mr. Buttersworth, a ship was "an object of both beauty and power with its own
personality and life, an extension of man and a symbol of his relationship with
nature. His clippers were more than vessels for transporting massive freight
speedily over great distances. They were works of art which inspired romantic
yearnings and embodied the creativity of the human spirit," the museum aid.

"His paintings transcended the conventions of traditional ship portraiture that
is so frequently pointed to by critics desiring to belittle marine art as a
serious genre," museum officials said, adding they have much in common with the
landscape artists of the Hudson River School.

Mr. Buttersworth's yachting scenes and images of ships in distress share his
"best artistic qualities: authentic detail, elegant composition, sophisticated
color, refined qualities of light and a palpable dynamism that is absent from
the work of artistic equals," the museum said.

Although he painted vessels struggling in heavy seas, every dark cloud has a
pink lining. Even when ships are caught by a sudden squall or dismasted by
gales, a patch of blue suggests hope, and his ships never appear helpless or
unable to weather the storm, the museum said.

"Ship, Sea and Sky: The Marine Art of James Edward Buttersworth," will be the
subject of a museum symposium from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. May 6. The exhibit will
later be displayed at the Peabody Essex Museum in Salem, Mass., and the Terra
Museum of American Art in Chicago.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1994 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              538 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           November 20, 2008 Thursday
                                   L2 Edition

Three NU seniors look back, ahead

BYLINE: By Lindsey Willhite lwillhite@dailyherald.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 737 words


It's tempting to spy the Senior Day game on the schedule -- to envision the
ritual of 23 Northwestern seniors going through their final game at Ryan Field
-- and frame it as the end of an era for those young men.

Then you look at it through the other end of the telescope. From the end the
players use.

And while the battle for the Sweet Sioux Tomahawk against Illinois (2:30 p.m.,
Big Ten Network) carries all sorts of import and emotional meaning, it's
probably not the biggest day of all time.

For some Wildcats, it's not necessarily the biggest day of their weekend -- and
that's not to belittle Saturday's expected pageantry and majesty.

* Take senior wide receiver Eric Peterman, for example.

For someone who grew up far closer to Champaign than Evanston, Saturday's
challenge resonates more for this downstate Riverton resident than some of his
teammates.

"Playing against the in-state rival coming from where I'm from, there's going to
be a lot of personal issues on the line," Peterman said with a smile. "It's
going to be a high-emotion, high-energy day."

Now let's sneak a peek at his jam-packed, color-coded Google Calendar.

You see, the industrial engineering major with the mathematical mind -- who
happens to have accrued 145 catches for 1,817 yards and 10 touchdowns while
pursuing his education -- wants to make his mark on the airline industry.

With the wizardly way he manipulates spreadsheets, pivot tables and other
business tools, Peterman wants to use his skills to plot airline routes and
maximize their efficiency and profitability.

Lo and be-hold, the airlines seem to think he's a natural for such a task.

The morning before the Illinois game, Peterman has a four-hour job interview
scheduled with United Airlines.

On Monday, after he goes through a light workout with his teammates, he flies to
Fort Worth, Texas, to prepare for a daylong meeting Tuesday with

American Airlines.

"I'm looking forward to it," Peterman said. "It's going to be a busy week."

* For senior defensive end Kevin Mims, it has been a busy 41/2 years.

The Houston native nearly has his degree in mechanical engineering. He has
adapted to married life (he wed former NU volleyball standout Courtnie Paulus in
July).

He has endured two surgeries (shoulder and foot), been saddled with a back brace
to correct a stress fracture, worn casts on his wrist ... and been subjected to
fellow defensive end Corey Wootton's wit.

Mims, as it turns out, hits the end of his career while playing his best ball.
To explain why, coach Pat Fitzgerald called Mims a "technician."

That led teammates to poke fun at him and Wootton to dub him "The Technician,"
which should be the last on the string of nicknames Mims earned during his time.

"I've been 'Tough Guy' because I get all serious for games," Mims said.

"Now 'The Technician.' I don't have the physical talents that a John Gill or a
Corey Wootton has. I'm not as strong and fast as them, so I've got to be a
technician."

From Fitzgerald, the Hall of Fame linebacker who continually pokes fun at his
own lack of athleticism, that's a major compliment.

"He doesn't free-lance, he doesn't do his own thing," Fitzgerald said.

"If we want his head on this side of (the offensive lineman), he puts his head
there. If we want it on that side, he does it there.

"He just does what he's coached to do, and he does it with a ton of passion. He
understands this is his last opportunity to play football."

* Then there's fifth-year quarterback C.J. Bacher, the co-captain who's in the
midst of pursuing a master's degree in communications.

Though his injured right hamstring has yet to return to 100 percent, Bacher
returned to the lineup last week (after missing two games) to lead Northwestern
to its first win at Michigan since 1995.

He envisions Saturday's game, as well as the Wildcats' to-be-determined bowl
date, as carrying more meaning than simply the end of his and his classmates'
college career.

"Every year, the seniors talk at the end-of-the-year banquet about trying to
leave a legacy on the program and building a foundation," Bacher said. "They've
done a great job of that every year, but this year we want to go out on a
winning note and a positive note.

"Our goal at the beginning of the year was to win a bowl game, but we'll put our
focus on the bowl game when we come to that.

"This game is the next step in the progression. Getting 9 wins (for the first
time since 1996) would be a huge step for this program."

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Northwestern quarterback C.J. Bacher has concentrated on his footwork
during the off-season to cut down on his interceptions. Associated Press
Northwestern senior quarterback C.J. Bacher is focused on defeating Illinois on
Saturday to push the Cats' win total to 9.Eric PetermanKevin Mims

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              539 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     August 17, 1997, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

SOUNDOFF;
Stories omit soccer in old park's history

BYLINE: Nancy L. Lillard, Dunwoody

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 02E

LENGTH: 810 words


Incredible! In the obituaries to Atlanta-Fulton County Stadium, I read about
Braves, Crackers, Falcons, Billy Graham, the Beatles, tractor pulls, dirt bikes,
jazz festivals and so on. There was no mention of the Chiefs, Pele, Manchester
City, first national champions or even any reference to soccer, the best
attended sport at the '96 Olympics. Is this all part of the conspiracy or simply
a reflection of the guilt over discreetly eliminating a facility for use by the
main competition to baseball? Evidently, the city establishment chooses to
suppress soccer, now the largest participant team sport in Georgia, so it is
time to build a multipurpose stadium in the suburbs of Cobb, North Fulton,
DeKalb or Gwinnett county. Let's move onwards and upwards! See y'all at the
inaugural Major League Soccer tailgating party.

DON'T FORGET WELLS
Mike Goddard, Snellville

Is Furman Bisher aware of the fact that four people were inducted into the Hall
of Fame? I perused his article several times and never saw the words "Willie
Wells." He talks of the three other inductees having a 100,000-to-1 shot of ever
entering the Hall of Fame. The truth is Willie Wells' odds (the lone black
inductee) were probably 1 million-to-one or even more. This is not to belittle
the accomplishments of Messrs. Niekro, Fox and Lasorda. But let's give Mr. Wells
his due. Mr. Furman Bisher, you could at least have mentioned him on this, his
greatest baseball day.

CHIPPER TOO FANCY
C.W. McRea, Albany

When Chipper Jones wears fancy long socks, bright red forearm supports and
matching gloves, it may boost his ego, but we fans here in Albany are turned off
by his efforts to "shine." If he plays as a team member, he will please more
fans and become more popular with his teammates.

END THE DH
John G. McNicholas, Dunwoody

Instead of reducing payroll costs, as owners claim is necessary, use of the
designated hitter in the National League would only serve to increase overall
payroll expenses. The smart play for owners is to adopt the radical realignment
proposal without the designated hitter in either league. It makes no sense to
discontinue baseball traditions used in the National League since its inception
in 1876 simply to maintain artificial jobs for about 10-15 players who obviously
can no longer play the complete game. Any attempt of the players union to strike
in favor of continuing this unnecessary employment for so few players would
receive little if any fan support or sympathy.

ALL FOR THE MONEY
Joe Schulman, Douglasville

I am 17, and I can't believe how bad sports have gotten. People like Deion
Sanders are teaching kids to play a sport not because they love it but because
you can make money through it. He would rather play football than baseball
because the Reds are not in first place. If I played soccer for a living, you
wouldn't be able to drag me away from the game. Not because of the money, but
because I love to play. I hope there are still players out there who don't play
for the money.

MANNING WORTH WAIT
Richard Saye, Cumming

The fans that are upset because the Falcons did not draft Danny Wuerffel need
not worry. Next year they will pick first and choose Peyton Manning.

FLAG VIOLATION
Bill Fredo, Dunwoody

Am I the only one who is totally "underwhelmed" by the American flag at our new
state-of-the-art ballpark? The American flag at the Ted is not only a lower-case
version of some that I've observed, but it flies in a less-than-prominent
location in right-center field. If this isn't bad enough, Braves flags and
Turner Field flags fly atop the scoreboard at a much higher level than the most
important flag in the ballpark. With $ 3.50 Cokes, $ 4.50 beers and $ 5
Crackerjack, you would think that the club with the highest payroll in baseball
could "pop" for a first-class version of the symbol that stands for the country
that makes these prices possible, not to mention have some front-office type who
is intelligent enough to have it flown properly.

DON'T BAN TYSON
Thomas A. Bailey, Ellenwood

No, Mike Tyson should not be banned from boxing. It's unfortunate for boxing and
for society as a whole that too many of us had to witness Mike making a fool of
himself. He did not give the hard-working, paying public what it came to see.
Even though Mike Tyson has had a tumultuous life, there was no history of this
type of behavior inside the boxing ring. Everyone in the world wants a second
chance, if it's warranted. Boxing is how Mike Tyson makes his living. He has
absolutely no endorsements outside of boxing. Could you even imagine him doing
anything else?

If you have something to say, let Soundoff know. By phone: 404-222-2031. By
mail: Sports Soundoff, P.O. Box 4689, Atlanta 30302. By e-mail: sports@AJC.com.
Please include your name and city.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mayor Karen Golonka of Jupiter, Fla., begins a soccer ball relay to
Miami
kicking off the '96 Olympics tournament./ RICHARD GRAULICH / The Palm
 Beach Post

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                              540 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  March 17, 1993, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

NAME GAME MASTERED BY ONLY A FEW

BYLINE: Abigail Van Buren

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE; Pg. 2F

LENGTH: 445 words

ABIGAIL VAN BUREN (DEAR ABBY) COLUMN


Dear Abby: This is in regard to the letter you received from Mrs. Dow in Florida
who said everyone can say "cow," "now" and "how," but she couldn't understand
why people were unable to pronounce "Dow."

When I married, I became "Mrs. Cowan." No one seems able to pronounce it.  They
say "Coe-en."

There is an advantage, however. I can easily screen my telephone calls, and in
this age of telephone solicitation, that can be a blessing. Anyone who doesn't
know how to pronounce my name doesn't know me, which immediately causes me to
forget that I'm home.  A CALIFORNIA COWAN If misery loves company, you should be
comforted by the following:

Dear Abby: While I do not belittle the seriousness of Mrs. Dow's problem, if she
thinks she has problems, she should have my name: It's G-O-U-G-H, pronounced
"Goff."

I have had substitute schoolteachers, telemarketers, receptionists, etc.  call
me "Mrs. Go," "Mrs. Gowtch" and "Mrs. Gootch."

My father told me to say, "It rhymes with 'cough,' but he's a doctor. I usually
get called "Lynette (cough cough)" as a response.

I'm told that this is a common name in England. Here, it's a curse. I'm hoping
to marry (quickly) a man with a name like Jones or Smith.  LYNETTE GOUGH, NEW
ORLEANS

Dear Abby: I am employed in an office that has several secretaries, assistant
secretaries, typists, etc.

I stayed late one evening to write some personal letters. Another female
employee had also stayed after office hours to do some typing.

On my way to the water cooler to get a drink of water, I passed the boss's
office. His door was about one-third open, and what I saw really shook me up.
This other female employee was going through the boss's wastepaper basket!

I had no idea what she was looking for, but this has been gnawing at me ever
since. I haven't told anyone about it, but I think maybe the boss should know
about this. If you were in my place, would you tell him?  WITNESS No. Readers?

Dear Abby: In your response to "Childless by Choice," you referred to them as
"happy and well-adjusted." Maybe so, but they are not well-informed.  They had
written:

"We enjoy traveling, and have seen not only the United States, but Canada,
Alaska, the Hawaiian Islands, Europe, South America and the Orient." Somebody
needs to tell them that Alaska and the Hawaiian Islands have been two of the
United States for a quarter of a century now.

The rest are the contiguous states, not the "continental states," which one
often hears, for Alaska is in the same continent. To us up here, they are "the
lower 48" or simply "down south." JOHN B. D'ARMAND JUNEAU, ALASKA Thanks for the
geography lesson.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              541 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  August 29, 1989, TUESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

LONGTIME BENEFACTOR GIVES KC GALLERY THE BRUSHOFF IN WILL

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 587 words


KANSAS CITY (AP) - The late William T. Kemper, a longtime and important
benefactor of the Nelson Gallery, changed his will to revoke all bequests of art
to the museum.  His change of mind, which occurred late in 1987, deprived the
museum of more than 30 works that the museum's staff, at Kemper's invitation,
already had selected from his collection. Kemper died June 8 at age 86.  Several
accounts of Kemper's decision to change his will suggest that he was angered by
what he believed was an underestimation of the collection's value.  So instead,
most of the collection will be auctioned in New York. The collection is expected
to fetch more than $1 million.  ''He was generous to the museum throughout his
life,'' Marc F. Wilson, director of the Nelson Gallery, told the Kansas City
Star. ''He did get angry, there's no doubt about that. How to account for the
degree of his anger, I don't know.'' Kemper was the senior member of the
prominent Kansas City banking family. A lifelong bachelor, he is survived by no
immediate family. His nephews are R.  Crosby Kemper, chairman and chief
executive officer of United Missouri Bancshares Inc., and James M. Kemper Jr.,
chairman of Commerce Bancshares Inc.  ''He changed his will and it all goes into
the estate,'' Crosby Kemper said of his uncle and the art collection. He said
the money would go into a trust at Commerce Bank.  The charitable trust that
William Kemper set up at the Commerce Bank provides for a continuing annual
donation of $50,000 to the Nelson Gallery. A second charitable trust is being
set up at the United Missouri Bank.  Earlier in 1987, Kemper invited
representatives of the Nelson Gallery to view his collection and make choices
from it. Most of the collection was divided between Kemper's two apartments.
''We were very strict about what we indicated we wanted, because we knew that he
expected it would be on display,'' Wilson said. ''We did not belittle the works
of art, at any time. We did discuss whether they were displayable or not; we
talked in totally professional terms.  ''He also asked that we attach values -
we don't normally do that - and the idea was that this would be for his estate
planning and will.''

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              542 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                May 12, 1988, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Into the World With a Learning Difficulty

SECTION: Section C; Page 7, Column 1; Home Desk

LENGTH: 606 words


Sam Clinton, 17 years old, likes to prepare Korean dishes for his family and
talks about working someday as a chef or restaurant manager. He could study the
restaurant business at a junior college, but his mother, Dr. Elizabeth Dane,
worries about his chances for success.

''I can't belittle him,'' she said. ''I want to give him a chance.'' But she
knows what he is up against: Sam has dyslexia, a learning disability that makes
it hard for him to concentrate.

After Sam finishes high school he wants to leave home. But such a venture is
especially tough for teen-agers with learning disabilities, because many are not
prepared to face landlords and employers by themselves. Helping such young
people face the real world is at times painful and confusing for their parents,
too.

To aid both parties, a conference will be held on Sunday from 1 to 4 P.M. at the
92d Street Y on Lexington Avenue. It will help young people choose among special
programs open to them after high school, and will also help parents plan
financially for their children's adult lives.

The options for these youngsters are often confusing because there are so many,
including programs at junior colleges and universities, vocational schools and
apprenticeships.

''You feel very inadequate about the issues unless you have some guidelines,''
said Dr. Dane, an associate professor at the Hunter College School of Social
Work.

Like other young people, the learning-impaired sometimes have difficulty
studying for exams and getting along with roommates, but the usual frictions are
aggravated by their handicaps. Some have poor hand and eye coordination or
speech impediments, and may have problems buying food, saving money, behaving in
public or even taking the subway.

But some programs offer a ''hidden agenda,'' said Marsha Kessler, director of
the Churchill Advisory Service at the Churchill School and Center for the
learning disabled in Manhattan. ''The hidden agenda is social independence,''
she said.

''Many kids who have learning problems don't have good social skills,'' she
said, ''and that's an important thing for parents to look at before they send
them off.''

Instructors at the New York University Para-Educator Center, for example, teach
students both how to become aides in child-care centers and how to get along
with colleagues.

When teen-agers enroll in a program that is unstructured or in which they feel
inadequate, their attempt at independence may end in disaster.

''Some of them become very withdrawn,'' said Dr. Dane. ''They spend hours in
front of a TV set. Some retreat back into their homes, where they don't have to
compete in the outside world.''

Parents also need help sorting through their childrens' plans, said Dr. Dane.
Her son Sam, for example, talks about a life of luxury and affluence in the
restaurant business.

''He sees himself living on Park Avenue,'' Dr. Dane said. ''He's not thinking of
being a short-order cook.''

He will probably succeed if he commits himself to the work, but she knows there
is a chance he will simply abandon this dream for another.

''Parents of disabled adolescents have a much heavier role,'' Dr. Dane said.
''They have to be continually supportive. These kids have a lot more failures
than successes, so you have to re-frame their experiences to show that they've
made progress.''

The conference is presented by the Foundation for Children with Learning
Disabilities, the Churchill School and Center and the 92d Street YM-YWHA. The
pre-registration fee is $8 a family; registration at the door is $12 a family.
Call Judith Fagin at the Churchill Center, 212-722-0465.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              543 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 19, 2010 Sunday
                                Regional Edition

An eclipse, D.C.-style

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A20

LENGTH: 341 words


MEMBERS OF THE D.C. Council who want the body to operate under its own rules
rather than be bound by a proposed new open-meetings law say that they will stay
true to its spirit of sunshine. They belittle concerns that the council will try
to do the public's business behind closed doors. But no sooner did they offer
those assurances than they moved to shield council committees - where the bulk
of business is conducted - from requirements of the new law.

The council gave unanimous, tentative approval to a bill that would overhaul the
city's outdated open-meetings law; a final vote is set for Tuesday. There is
much good in the measure. It extends the umbrella of openness to government
boards that had become accustomed to secrecy, abolishes the loophole that let
officials meet behind closed doors as long as no "official" vote was taken and
establishes an open-government office. However, the council continues to have a
blind spot about including itself under the full provisions of the law. The
Maryland-Delaware-D.C. Press Association (of which The Washington Post is a
member) has objected to loopholes in the bill.

By allowing the council to write its own rules, the measure gives the
legislature a huge out. Witness last week's debate when only two council members
- Jim Graham (D-Ward 1) and Muriel Bowser (D-Ward 4) - favored an amendment to
include council committees in the bill's requirement. The council's Web site
reports that much of the council's work is done in standing and special
committees, and even the weak current law requires committees to meet in public
when a quorum is present. Nonetheless, council members argued that this would
restrict council members in their interactions with each other, a silly notion
undermined by the fact that there is an exception in the proposal for chance or
social encounters.

What emerged as council members agreed with Phil Mendelson (D-At Large) about
the need for the council to have a "freer hand" was their unwillingness to abide
by the rules they think others should follow.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              544 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                           Star News (Wilmington NC)

                             July 5, 2005, Tuesday

COMMON SENSE / Iraq's a mess we created, but not time to cut and run

BYLINE: Cantwell

SECTION: Local/State; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 665 words


President Bush came to Fort Bragg last week to talk about his policy in Iraq.
Again and again he invoked the terror of 9/11 as he built a case for continuing
his policies in Iraq.

It's no accident he made the speech in North Carolina. Rep. Walter Jones,
R-N.C., made news last month when the former hawk joined peaceniks in calling
for a deadline to start the pullout.

Mr. Jones was the guy who coined the term "freedom fries" to punish the French
for not supporting our war.

Mr. Jones has been wrong twice about Iraq. He was wrong to make villains out of
the French then, and he's wrong now to push for a cut-and-run solution.

That "freedom fries" thing was part of the Republican crusade to belittle those
who questioned the Iraq war. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld dismissed France
and Germany as part of "old Europe." Skeptical Americans had their patriotism
challenged.

The White House continues to divide and concoct. Karl Rove, the president's
political strategist, said recently that liberals wanted to "offer therapy and
understanding for our attackers."

That's ridiculous. The truth is there weren't many terrorists in Iraq before we
removed Saddam Hussein.

There were no weapons of mass destruction. And if we went there to free the
Iraqi people from tyranny, why aren't we in Darfur, where the Sudanese
government and its thugs have killed as many as 400,000 people?

Despite confusion over why we're in Iraq, it would be wrong to tell the
insurgents when we're leaving.

In December 2003, I wrote:

"If the Bush administration can create in Iraq a democracy or some other
government that is fair, preserves the rights of women and minorities such as
Christians, and serves as a model in that violent and backward region, then the
war will have been worthwhile."

Thousands of casualties later, I still believe that.

I just wish someone else were driving the bus. These guys don't know what
they're doing. They allowed the conquest of Baghdad to be followed by lawless
days of looting and burning, setting the tone for the insurgency. They failed to
adequately guard the weapons caches they found, leaving them for the insurgents.

Now Vice President Dick Cheney says the insurgency is in its last throes, while
Mr. Rumsfeld says we might be in Iraq 12 more years.

"It's like they're just making it up as they go along," said Sen. Chuck Hagel,
R-Nebraska.

The administration's sharpest critics come from its own party. Democrats sound
shrill, divorced from reality. Witness Illinois Sen. Dick Durbin's over-the-top
criticism of the Guantanamo interrogations. They are cruel and probably
counterproductive, but they're nothing like what the Nazis did.

When will the Democrats become an effective opposition party? Don't hold your
breath.

Some good things are happening in Iraq: kids going to school, that sort of
thing. But until the electricity stays on and people can go out without fear, we
can't say we're nearing the end there.

And we can't just pull out and leave the Iraqis to clean up the mess we created
by toppling their oppressive government.

I don't know how we're going to get to establishing Iraq as a shining beacon of
democracy, but we may be making some big mistakes right now.

A piece in the July-August issue of Atlantic Monthly compares the tactics the
Bush team is using - detention without trials, civilian searches, "snatch
squads" and interrogation teams - to those used in the old British Empire. The
governments that followed the British occupiers adopted the same harsh measures
against their own people.

Could we be setting examples the next Iraqi government would find easy and
effective?

If so, we may be setting a pattern for the next repressive regime.

Our Independence Day holiday is over. I have no idea when Iraq will be able to
celebrate its Independence Day. All they have now is a seemingly endless supply
of fireworks.

Contact Si Cantwell at 343-2364 or si.cantwellstarnewsonline.com

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Copyright 2005 Star News


                              545 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            August 4, 2004 Wednesday

THE TERROR NEXT TIME

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 624 words


So, is the White House hyping al Qaeda-linked intelligence material for
political purposes?

Or was Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge right yesterday in warning that it
would be wrong to belittle Sunday's national terrorism alert, simply because
some of the information goes back several years.

Several news organizations all but accused the Bush administration of
overreacting to the find - if not deliberately playing politics in disclosing a
threat against specific targets in New York City, northern New Jersey and
Washington.

(City Council Speaker Gifford Miller joined in the Bush-bash - but he couldn't
even keep tabs on the council's serial sex-harrasser, so just what qualifies him
to speak about al Qaeda-related terror plots is a substantial mystery.)

Said Secretary Ridge yesterday: "I don't want anyone to disabuse themselves of
the seriousness of this information. This is the most significant, detailed
pieces of information about any particular region that we have come across in a
long, long time - perhaps ever."

Yes, it does appear that this alert was based largely on evidence that al Qaeda
operatives began collecting detailed information about specific locations well
before 9/11.

But so what?

Planning for 9/11 began years before the fateful attacks - reportedly in
mid-1993, only months after al Qaeda's first assault on the World Trade Center.

And while the targeting may be old, the information apparently is new to U.S.
officials - only recently uncovered in Pakistan with the arrests last month of
computer engineer Mohammed Naeem Noor Khan (a.k.a. Abu Talha) and senior al
Qaeda operative Ahmed Khalfan Ghailani.

Indeed, Ghailani's files - which also reportedly contained e-mails to al Qaeda
officials discussing proposed attacks - disclosed that some of the data was
updated as recently as January.

That's the way al Qaeda operates: Its attacks are not spontaneous or improvised,
but undertaken after years of careful planning. And its data is updated as the
attack date grows nearer.

Moreover, the latest warning doesn't come in a vacuum, but rather in the midst
of terrorist "chatter" and other intelligence pointing to an attack against a
major U.S. target before Election Day - perhaps as soon as this month's
Republican National Convention.

Besides, the information that was uncovered was hardly the kind of broad,
unspecified data that would not have justified a general alarm.

Specific targets were named - together with reports on pedestrian traffic, floor
plans, surveillance spots, even notes on what kind of weapons would work best
against each proposed target.

Frankly, the administration would have been irresponsible had it not raised the
terror alert and publicly disclosed this information.

The worst that might possibly be said is that officials erred on the side of
caution - but even that mild criticism is unwarranted.

Imagine the outcry if an attack succeeded without the public having been warned.

And weren't many of those who are criticizing the administration for
over-reacting now equally critical of alleged under-reaction to vague warnings
in the months before 9/11?

The fact remains that the terrorists are planning something big, and Americans -
New Yorkers, in particular - need to be cautious.

"It's like you have this blank piece of paper, and it's filling up with more and
more dots," one Homeland Security official told The Los Angeles Times. "It all
points to an attack."

Mayor Bloomberg said it best yesterday: "The only thing you ever know about
security measures is when you didn't take enough."

Besides, it's better to be proven wrong in sharing information about a possible
attack - than to be proven wrong in predicting that no such event will occur.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              546 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     May 12, 2004, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Check is not in the mail in WorldCom settlement

BYLINE: Matt Krantz

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 545 words

Citigroup might have agreed to pay $ 2.7 billion to ex-WorldCom shareholders,
but if you were one, don't go shopping for your beach house just yet.

Not only will it be a year or more before investors see a dime from one of the
largest securities class-action settlements, but it doesn't cover investors who
might have filed arbitration cases against Citigroup, Salomon Smith Barney and
its former telecom analyst Jack Grubman for recommending the stock.

The class-action lawsuit is against Citigroup for its role as the biggest seller
of WorldCom stocks and bonds. It has nothing to do with arbitration cases
involving Salomon Smith Barney or rosy research reports issued on WorldCom.


"This (settlement) really stands by itself with connection to WorldCom," says
Joseph Tabacco, attorney with Berman DeValerio Pease Tabacco Burt & Pucillo, a
firm that represents the Fresno County Employees' Retirement Association in the
class-action case.

That's not to belittle this settlement. It's the first major break for
shareholders since the implosion of WorldCom, which became a giant telecom
company through many acquisitions that Citigroup helped finance. Unlike many
class-action settlements that are soaked up by 25% legal fees, the lawyers in
this case will receive no more than 6%. The exact fee must still be determined
by the court.

What if you were one of hundreds of thousands of investors who bought WorldCom
shares between April 29, 1999, and June 25, 2002? You're eligible for a share of
the settlement. Attorneys and experts urge you to take several steps:

 * Watch your mailbox. Your brokerage firm should mail you a claim form, a
document you must fill out to prove your eligibility. But relax -- it's going to
take months. The court must still approve the settlement before the forms are
mailed. The best thing to do is monitor developments at the class-action
lawsuit's Web site (worldcomlitigation.com).

 * Stay tuned. No checks will go out until all claims are in, and it could take
months for all members of the class to file claims, says Brad Heffler, CEO of
Claims Compensation Bureau. All claims must be verified, and the final
settlement must be court approved.

The pot could grow. There are 17 other investment banks that have a few more
weeks to agree to the same settlement terms that Citigroup adopted.

 * Keep your expectations in check. Despite the amount of the settlement, it
will be divvied up between stockholders and bond holders. The $ 2.7 billion is a
small sliver of the $ 181.2 billion the company was worth at its peak, before
the fraud was revealed.

The big question will be how this settlement will affect the unknown number of
pending arbitration cases against Citigroup. Investors have won awards in at
least nine cases -- one for $ 212,412 -- but many more have been thrown out.

Some investors, seeing the size of the class-action lawsuit, might drop their
cases and join the class. However, Alan Bromberg, a law professor at Southern
Methodist University, says the settlement might give other investors the
encouragement to press their arbitration cases.

"The companies that had analysts out there touting stock are the ones most
affected and most likely to settle," Bromberg says.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              547 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 28, 1983, Monday, Final Edition

McGovern Uses Long-Shot Status to Speak Freely

BYLINE: By Bill Peterson, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A1

LENGTH: 1173 words

DATELINE: DES MOINES


George McGovern received the first big endorsement of his long-shot campaign for
the Democratic presidential nomination here recently. It was from his wife,
Eleanor.

McGovern's tiny staff treated it like a major media event, decorating their Iowa
headquarters with crepe paper and balloons, for it had been widely reported that
Eleanor McGovern was cool toward her husband's third run for the presidency.

She didn't seem to understand all the fuss.

Actually, she'd been with him from the start, she said later.

"I was really stunned by the volley of charges that I wasn't supporting him.
That simply wasn't true. I just wasn't wholeheartedly enthusiastic. I didn't
want to see him hurt. I was afraid the press would belittle him."

Her appearance here, however, was a milestone of sorts, a small symbol that
McGovern has made some progress in the 2 1/2 months since he entered the race.

Yes, the former South Dakota senator has been belittled in the press, and it has
hurt him deeply. But he has not become a Democratic Harold Stassen. Away from
cynical Washington, he is treated as a serious candidate.

The polls put him fourth in the eight-man field, trailing only former vice
president Walter F. Mondale, Sen. John Glenn (D-Ohio) and Jesse L. Jackson. And
he is saying things that none of the other Democratic presidential candidates is
saying and is finding that his message still has a large and enthusiastic
audience on college campuses and the political left.

About 175 students, for example, flocked to hear him at Drake University here;
the next day in Chicago, 350 turned out at DePaul University and more than 600
at Northwestern University.

The 1983 George McGovern is a smoother, more relaxed version of the McGovern
that captured the hearts of nation's campuses and the anti-war movement 11 years
ago. The old nasal voice is still there as is the blend of prairie populist and
preacher.

One big difference is this year's model doesn't take himself as seriously as the
'72 version did. He is clearly enjoying himself, and it has given him, at 61, a
boyish exuberance.

"The Vietnam war gave a grim quality to politics, whether you were a hawk or a
dove," he said in an interview. "It took the joy out of the race. The war issue
was almost an obsession with me. I went into the last campaign thinking the fate
of the country depended on my election. I don't feel that way this time . . . .
I feel as strongly about the issues, but I think I have a more detached,
philosphical view that I did when I was 50 years old."

The other big difference about the '83 McGovern is that he has no illusions
about his chances. Last time around, McGovern was buried by the incumbent,
Richard M. Nixon, in the worst landslide in the history of U.S. presidential
elections, and he realizes he won't get the Democratic nomination again "unless
lightning strikes."

"There are worse things than losing," he told students at Northwestern, his alma
mater. "That landslide, victorious team of '72 spent a total of 180 years in
prison, and the president resigned in disgrace. I want you to know I didn't even
have to check in with a probation officer before I came here today. I don't come
before you as a humiliated candidate, but as a vindicated one."

A strange thing sometimes happens to a politician when he realizes that he has
little chance of victory and decides that his campaign is not a life-or-death
matter: he starts telling people what he thinks, not what his advisers and staff
tell him is politic to say.

McGovern has arrived at this point, and it makes him one of the most interesting
candidates in the crowded Democratic field. He acknowledges that there were
times in 1972 when he trimmed his sails, bowing to the political winds and the
advice of his staff.

McGovern no longer has much of a staff. Fourteen people work in his Washington
headquarters, including his daughters, Mary and Ann McGovern, who are deputy
campaign managers, and his longtime aide George Cunningham, who advised McGovern
against running.

Cunningham joined the campaign as general chairman last month after McGovern
"reminded me we had marched together in so many campaigns." Cunningham said that
when told his 83-year-old mother that he was going to work for McGovern and run
for the Senate from South Dakota, she replied, "Good, that will give you an
opportunity to make a jackass out of yourself twice in one year."

On the campaign trail, McGovern travels alone, flying tourist class without
aides or reporters. At every stop, he tells prospective supporters that he can't
promise he'll win, only that "I'll tell the truth."

Unlike the other Democratic hopefuls, he remains an unabashed dove and New
Dealer, unwilling to be moved by any conservative tide.

"If you want a 10 percent increase in military spending every year, vote for
Ronald Reagan," he told a group of peace activists here. "If you want a 7
percent increase, go for Glenn. If you want a 5 percent increase, vote for
Mondale. But if you want a 25 percent decrease, vote for George McGovern."

The next day he told a crowd of students in Chicago, "I do seem to be about the
only candidate around who is proud of the New Deal. I think one of the most
brilliant chapters in American history was the New Deal, and every time we've
borrowed from it since it's been a success."

He has packaged his vision for America in a neat, 10-point platform, which he
can tick off in three minutes when pressed.

Stop all military operations in Central America. Now.

Get out of Lebanon. Now.

Begin a nuclear freeze. Now.

Put the unemployed to work building railroads and repairing roads. Now.

Give everyone who wants a home a government-backed mortgage at not more than l0
percent interest.

Reform the tax code.

Give a low-cost education loan to everyone who wants one.

Stop paying farmers not to produce, and start giving them a fair price for what
they produce.

Have the federal government take over welfare and Medicaid programs.

Enact the Equal Rights Amendment.

Everywhere McGovern goes he runs into old McGovernites, who are nostalgic about
the '72 race. A few, like Judy Wilson, chair of the Polk County (Des Moines)
Democratic Party, have signed on with him.

"None of the other candidates stimulated me," she said. "I kept waiting for one
of them to break from the pack, but none of them did. Then, I heard McGovern and
his 10-point plan. I'm an issues Democrat. I've never based my decision on any
candidate on whether he would win or lose. People like me had no place to go but
with McGovern."

McGovern's problem is that this year most Democrats are looking for a winner.
And after being defeated for the presidency in '72 and his '80 bid for
reelection to the Senate, McGovern bears the stigma of being one of the biggest
losers in American politics.

McGovern insists that he isn't going to judge his campaign on the basis of
victory or defeat, however. "If at the end of all this, people say, 'Well,
George made a lot of sense,' that's all I want."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture 1, GEORGE MCGOVERN . . . calls New Deal "brilliant chapter."
Picture 2, McGovern announces his candidacy for the Democratic nomination before
the Young Democrats at George Washington University.  Photos by Douglas
Chevalier--The Washington Post

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                              548 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     FEBRUARY 18, 2001 Sunday DCITY EDITION

MUCH ADO ABOUT A TEMPLE PLAY A STUDENT WHO PROTESTED "CORPUS CHRISTI," WHICH
PORTRAYS JESUS AS GAY, HAS FILED SUIT. HE CLAIMS ILL TREATMENT.

BYLINE: David O'Reilly, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 1133 words


A Temple University student who says school officials ordered him to a
psychiatric ward in handcuffs for protesting a "blasphemous" campus play about a
homosexual Jesus-figure has become a hero to conservative Christians across the
nation.

"What happened to Michael Marcavage should shock all Americans," the American
Family Association of Tupelo, Miss., declared in its February newsletter.

"It is nothing less than an outrageous attempt to intimidate, silence and
belittle Christians," said the organization's president, Don Wildmon, who has
called on members to protest "the persecution of Christians" - and to send money
to the group for Marcavage's defense.

Temple officials, swamped last week with postcards and e-mail messages accusing
them of suppressing biblical Christianity and "promoting the homosexual agenda,"
emphatically deny having had such motives when, on Nov. 2, 1999, they sent
19-year-old Marcavage to Temple University Hospital for observation.

They say Marcavage, now 21, had become so distraught in a meeting with a
university vice president that they feared he might injure himself.

Marcavage countered in an interview last week that he had "remained calm
throughout," although he said he had "tears in my eyes" when William Bergman,
Temple vice president for operations, told him the university would not build
him an outdoor stage to mount a traditional play about Jesus.

Marcavage had been organizing a campus protest against a two-day student
performance of Corpus Christi by Tony Award-winning playwright Terrance McNally.

The play, which made its debut in Manhattan in 1998 to angry protests and tepid
reviews, uses graphic language and sex scenes to tell the story of Joshua, a
young American who discovers that he is gay during his high school prom when a
friend, Judas, kisses him.

After admitting that he is "the son of God," Joshua performs miracles and falls
in love with Philip, an HIV-positive hustler. At his trial, Pontius Pilate asks:
"Art thou the King of the Queers?"

McNally, who is gay, has said the play and the Joshua character were inspired by
Matthew Shepard, a gay college student who was murdered in Wyoming in 1998.

"I can't imagine why anyone would write such a thing," Marcavage - a Baptist
from Simpson, Lackawanna County - said in an interview at his Manayunk apartment
last week. The play is filled with "hate speech" toward Bible-believing
Christians, he said.

Rather than give Corpus Christi publicity with protest demonstrations in 1999,
he said, he had decided a better alternative would be to show students "the real
Jesus" in a play titled Final Destiny.

Bergman had promised him a stage at the bell tower "several weeks" before
withdrawing the promise Nov. 2, Marcavage said. Feeling "betrayed" by the news,
he locked himself in a bathroom outside Bergman's office for about five minutes
"just to pray and collect my thoughts."

After he emerged, however, Bergman and the campus security director, Carl
Bittenbender, escorted him back to Bergman's office, where, Marcavage alleges,
they tripped him, held him on a couch, and called a campus psychologist and
campus police.

When the psychologist, Denise Walton, concluded that Marcavage might be a danger
to himself, Bittenbender signed a form requesting Marcavage's involuntary
commitment for observation.

Temple officials deny Marcavage's account of the incident but refuse to talk
openly because Marcavage has filed a federal lawsuit against the university,
charging assault and violation of his civil rights. Marcavage's version has
generated such ill will toward Temple, however, that university officials agreed
to explain their side last week.

They said Marcavage had asked for a 70-foot stage only the day before the
incident, and that they had made no promises because of concerns about cost and
weather. Bittenbender called him later that day to say there would be no stage,
and invited him to Bergman's office the next morning to discuss the matter.

Marcavage arrived in an "agitated state," they said. After Bergman explained
that an outdoor stage was impractical, Marcavage began crying and shouting,
"It's over!" and fled to the bathroom, they said. He stayed for 15 minutes; they
sent for a locksmith.

They deny that they tripped Marcavage but agree that they restrained him until
Walton arrived.

"He came out [of the bathroom] sort of staggering," one university official
said. "We didn't know if he had taken something." Police then drove him to the
psychiatric unit.

According to photocopies of the admitting doctor's handwritten report provided
by Marcavage, the psychiatric staff found him "calm and cooperative," and
released him 31/2 hours later, recommending counseling.

He said he had never been treated for any emotional or mental illness.

The American Family Association Center for Law and Policy, which champions
conservative Christian causes, is defending him at no charge. The association,
which calls itself "a Christian organization promoting Christian ethics,"
opposes gambling, pornography, abortion and homosexuality, and has led boycotts
against, among others, the Disney Corp. and Howard Stern's show.

Marcavage's lawyer, Brian Fahling, said last week that he expected to seek
damages of $750,000, possibly more, if he found a conspiracy at Temple to
suppress biblical Christianity on campus.

University officials call the anti-Christian charges "ludicrous," and insist
they acted solely out of concern for Marcavage's safety.

They also rebut the allegations that they "muzzled" Marcavage, noting that on
Nov. 8, 1999, he mounted a two-hour demonstration, with preaching and gospel
singers, outside the Student Activities Center with loudspeakers provided by the
university, led smaller protests during both nights of the play, and led a
campus Christian rally in April.

Nonetheless, university president David Adamany still receives thousands of
preprinted postcards from the association accusing Temple of having "persecuted"
Marcavage "merely because of his religious beliefs." Temple has also received
hundreds of hostile e-mail messages. One reads, "You want to go to hell with the
rest of the gays you are promoting?"

Marcavage now is basking in the admiration of thousands of conservative
Christians. "I admire your perseverance and courage to stand up for the Lord,"
reads a letter from a woman in Opelika, Ala. It is one of perhaps 2,000 letters
and postcards stacked on an air-hockey table in Marcavage's living room.

Asked whether he believed that Bergman and Bittenbender had an anti-Christian or
pro-gay agenda, he replied, "That's very difficult to say. . . . In my view, the
university allowed students to mock Jesus, who I love."

David O'Reilly's e-mail address is doreilly@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
PHOTO
Temple student Michael Marcavage wanted to stage a conventional play but did not
get the chance. He says university officials violated his civil rights. (AKIRA
SUWA, Inquirer Staff Photographer)

                  Copyright 2001 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              549 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      June 25, 2000, Sunday, Home Edition

Inside Baseball

BYLINE: Thomas Stinson, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 6E

LENGTH: 1820 words

COMING AROUND

Getting on base is one thing. What happens next is another. Some players have
the knack --- or the big sticks batting behind them --- to score more than
others. The best and worst at coming around to score:
1. Terrence Long, Oakland (46-for-81) 57 percent
The leadoff man in this order will do some traveling. But don't let Oakland's
power ratio belittle Long, a 30-30 candidate himself and another reason to like
the Athletics' future.
2. Raul Mondesi, Toronto (58-for-104) 56 percent
This one should not surprise. Mondesi loves to run, and with Carlos Delgado
having a monster season behind him in the Blue Jays' order, he is getting plenty
of chances.
3. Chris Singleton, White Sox (46-for-84) 55 percent
Like Long, he was a Yankees prospect traded away before he blossomed. Singleton,
Magglio Ordonez and Carlos Lee are the terrific young outfield that drives the
surprising Sox.
4. Jose Valentin, White Sox (49-for-92) 53 percent
He has scored more than 65 runs only once in his eight seasons, but modest
stolen base totals belie his savvy and acceleration. The White Sox also are the
only team with five players already at 40 RBIs.
5. Marvin Benard, San Francisco (45-for-86) 52 percent
He does everything --- plays all outfield positions, bunts, takes the extra
base, hits for average. Everything except start. Benard is why the Giants don't
worry about Ellis Burks retiring.
6. Mark Grudzielanek, L.A. (57-for-110) 52 percent
He is faster than you think. He twice scored more than 90 times for Montreal,
including 92 in the strike season of 1994. And he's been around . 300 for the
second year in a row.

LEFT ON BASE
Those who are most often stranded:
1. Jason Varitek, Boston (22-for-89) 25 percent
A human stop sign. He led all AL catchers in doubles last year (39) and is
second this year (14), but someone still has to send the ball past an outfielder
to score him.
2. Vinny Castilla, Tampa Bay (16-for-62) 26 percent
Another slap at his Coors Field portfolio. Castilla averaged 95.5 runs his last
four years with the Rockies. At this rate, he'll score 37 times his first year
by the bay, whenever he gets off the disabled list.
3. Todd Zeile, NY Mets (27-for-105) 26 percent
He might be slower than Castilla, strictly a station-to-station runner. And the
way the Mets order shakes out, no one is driving in the ball behind him.
4. M. Morandini, Philadelphia (17-for-65) 26 percent
The Phillies have had trouble driving anyone in, much less a 34-year-old glove
specialist. Actually, Morandini scored 94 runs for the Cubs two years ago. But
this ain't Chicago.
5. Brad Ausmus, Detroit (25-for-93) 27 percent
This isn't a fair read, for Ausmus is ranked as one of the game's most athletic
catchers and legged out six triples in 1999. Also, who scores in Detroit?
Ausmus' 25 runs are fourth on the team.

ON THE RISE
Some of the hottest stories in the majors:

All the recent collisions between the Boston Red Sox and New York Yankees have
clarified very little in the AL East. Except this: While the world watches
Fenway and Yankee Stadium, Toronto has placed itself as the race's leader. "The
Blue Jays are probably sitting there, letting everybody get all carried away
with the Yankees and the Red Sox while they quietly sit back and think about
passing everybody at the end while nobody's watching," Boston's Mike Stanley
said before the Jays did just that. "They are a nice, little, silent third party
watching us fight each other."

All St. Louis needed was the pitching. Cardinals starters won a major- league
high 38 of the club's first 40 wins, and each member of the rotation has at
least six victories. But when manager Tony La Russa closed the postgame spread
last week after a disengaging loss to Detroit, a line was drawn in the sand.
"Some of us are good eaters. And some of us weren't involved in that game,"
starter Andy Benes said. "That's when the pitchers got together and said, 'Hey,
we need to dial it up a notch.' " St. Louis promptly won six in a row.

The Devil Rays regroup. Of the eight Tampa Bay players making $ 3 million or
more, including starters Wilson Alvarez and Juan Guzman, only two are active. So
how to figure this? After entering the month with a 5.77 ERA, 29th out of 30
major-league teams, the D-Ray staff has a 3.17 ERA in June. No one in baseball
has pitched better.

Jack McKeon is starting to hear it in Cincinnati, and when some of the Reds
began questioning how their manager has functioned while the Cardinals opened a
sizeable NL Central lead, first-base coach Dave Collins blasted the team. " If
these guys get what they want (and get McKeon fired), they may get somebody
who'll make Jack McKeon seem like Mother Theresa," Collins said. "I say don't do
it. Don't give 'em what they want. Don't let the inmates run the asylum."

Boston views Wilton Veras as the organization's third baseman of the future, but
a question has arisen about how far away the future might be. Since replacing
the injured John Valentin, Veras hit .140 over 15 games before losing the job to
journeyman Manny Alexander. The Sox would love to pry Ed Sprague away from San
Diego but are getting nowhere.

Three years ago, San Deigo's Bret Boone set a record for fewest errors (two) by
a second baseman. Last year with the Braves, he committed a career-high 13
errors while Atlanta's double-play total (127) slipped to a seven-year low for
non-strike seasons. This year, Boone already has committed nine errors while the
Padres (71 errors) have become the worst-fielding team in the league.

WORTH NOTING: Odd and ends from the major league notebook.
Border wars

One reason interleague play is worth the trouble is the natural rivalry games
that spice up the season. As schedule-makers wrestle with keeping those
rivalries while rigging new cross-division games, a Houston-Texas series is
particularly vexing. Commissioner Bud Selig has told Astros and Rangers
ownership that he wants the Lone Star series to happen. However, it reveals how
complicated the 2001 schedule already is. Other natural rivalries the
commissioner wants retained are in New York (Yankees vs. Mets), Chicago (Cubs
vs. White Sox), Los Angeles (Dodgers vs. Angels), San Francisco Bay (Giants vs.
Athletics), Ohio (Reds vs. Indians), Missouri (Cardinals vs. Royals), Florida
(Marlins vs. Devil Rays) and Canada (Expos vs. Blue Jays).

White flag at Enron?

While the Astros publicly speak about finding a way back into the NL Central
race, the roster says they have all but given up. The lineup is sprinkled
nightly with newcomers and prospects, from catcher Mitch Meluskey to outfielders
Daryle Ward and Lance Berkman to shortstop Julio Lugo and third baseman Chris
Truby.

"The organization hasn't come out and said that we're going with a youth
movement, but every prospect we have is here," first baseman Jeff Bagwell said.
"We're mixing them in here and there. I'd like to see us go in one direction.
I'd like to know what it is."

In this corner

While Boston reliever Rod Beck was on rehab assignment with Class AAA Pawtucket,
he was shocked when touted prospect pitchers Sun Kim and Tomo Okha broke into a
fist fight. It happened while the Paws were in Durham, starting in the clubhouse
and resuming back at the team hotel. Both players were fined and suspended five
days, but Beck couldn't understand how two players who barely spoke to anyone
could become so engaged. When it was explained that Kim is Korean and Okha is
Japanese and the countries have been enemies for centuries, Beck replied, "So?
I'm German, (and) my wife is Jewish. It's over."

Sleepless Giants

Instead of carrying the load in San Francisco, right-hander Russ Ortiz, 26, has
stumbled --- so much so that manager Dusty Baker and pitching coach Dave
Righetti sat him down for 90 minutes Wednesday and discussed, among other
things, a move to the bullpen. It won't happen yet, but Ortiz has to remedy his
3-7 record and 6.89 ERA. "I know how he's feeling," Baker said. "I know I'm not
sleeping, (Righetti) isn't sleeping, and I know Russ isn't sleeping. What are we
trying to accomplish? We want to accomplish some better pitching so I can get
some sleep."

On second thought

Shortstop Alex Rodriguez is still trying to smooth feathers in Seattle, after he
told a national TV audience on Fox's "Goin' Deep" that lining up his mega-deal
contract is more important right now than winning. "I want to be as truthful as
possible to my people and you guys (in the media)," Rodriguez explained later.
"I'd rather sound a little selfish than sound fake. I don't want to ever sound
fake, and I don't want to be misleading to my people. I knew where that would
lead me. If they'd ask me that question again --- what's more important: winning
or money? --- I'd probably try to be a little more thorough and diplomatic and a
little bit longer about it and explain my side."

MAKING HEADLINES: Our take on the sport's top stories
LOOKING BACK: Doused fireman

Houston's Billy Wagner found out what that burning sensation was in his left
elbow. The Astros' 1999 NL Fireman of the Year had been pitching with a partial
tear in the flexor tendon. Worse, he never mentioned his pain. Surgery
tentatively is scheduled for this week. It might explain nine blown saves and
6.19 ERA. "All I knew was to go out there, and keep pitching," Wagner said, "and
sometime it would stop hurting." It will. Around September.

Safe in Pittsburgh

The rumoring about Pittsburgh manager Gene Lamont's job got so thick that owner
Kevin McClatchy finally came out to say he is safe, but only through this
season. "If I was to fire Gene, it would be like I'm using him as a scapegoat,"
McClatchy said. Instead, he'll use him as a scapegoat at season's end. Lamont
hasn't had a winning season yet with the Pirates, and when he sought a contract
extension last year, McClatchy turned him down.

LOOKING AHEAD: Mark it in Red

Former Brave Mark Wohlers could be in Cincinnati's bullpen by next weekend. Just
11 months after elbow ligament replacement surgery, Wohlers just pitched
back-to-back nights with Class AAA Louisville. The Reds would like to see him do
it one more time this week and then evaluate his next step. "I feel I have an
idea of what I am doing on the mound to get hitters out," Wohlers said. " The
decision is in their hands, but I'm ready."

Gauging the Rangers

The day is at hand in Texas when the Rangers see where they're headed. Strictly
mediocre for 2 1/2 months, the Rangers on Tuesday start a string of 17 dates
with the AL West over their next 26 games. Six against division- leading Oakland
fall in nine days. They can play their way in or out of contention. "What we
won't tolerate are high-priced veterans that perform at mediocre levels," owner
Tom Hicks said. That could include closer John Wetteland.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Mark McGwire
Graphic
FEET OF LEAD
As Mark McGwire's legacy grows, he also enters an unusual category: most home
runs with the fewest stolen bases. No player with 500 homers has stolen so
infrequently. McGwire needs eight to overtake Harmon Killebrew, who stole 19.
Cracked St. Louis manager Tony La Russa, "It will take him eight years."

Player........... HRs.. SBs
Henry Aaron..... 755.. 240
Babe Ruth....... 714.. 123
Willie Mays..... 660.. 338
Frank Robinson....586.. 204
Harmon Killebrew..573... 19
Reggie Jackson....563.. 228
Mike Schmidt......548.. 174
Mark McGwire... ..549....12
Mickey Mantle... 534.. 153
Jimmie Foxx..... 534....87
Willie McCovey....521....26
Ted Williams......521....24
Ernie Banks..... 512... 50
Eddie Mathews... 512....68
Mel Ott......... 511....68
Eddie Murray... ..504.. 110

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              550 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 30, 2000, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

THE 2000 CAMPAIGN: THE DEMOCRATIC RUNNING MATE;
The Lieberman Method of Dismantling Opponents: Subtle as a Ton of Brickbats

BYLINE: By RICHARD PEREZ-PENA

SECTION: Section A; Page 12; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1470 words

DATELINE: HOUSTON, Sept. 29


Senator Joseph I. Lieberman came here today to deliver a blistering assault on
Gov. George W. Bush's environmental record, depicting him as hellbent on
ravaging the Alaskan wilderness, and Texas as choking in smog.

John Cobarruvias came away pleased at how positive it had all been.

"He talks about the record and sticks to the facts," Mr. Cobarruvias, 44, a
computer engineer at NASA, said of Mr. Lieberman, the Democratic candidate for
vice president. "I'm a rocket scientist, but it doesn't take one to see that
it's the other side that's going negative, not this guy."

In fact, Mr. Cobarruvias and 150 others, standing in a forlorn little park in
the shadow of an oil refinery, had just heard Mr. Lieberman attack Mr. Bush and
belittle Texas for a full 20 minutes.

"Houston, where we are today, is now the smog capital of America," Mr. Lieberman
said. "Texas is our most air-toxic-polluted state. Texas is No. 3 in water
pollution and, sadly, No. 1 in air pollution."

He derided Mr. Bush's program that emphasizes self-policing by industrial
polluters, and said the governor's proposal to drill for oil in an Alaskan
wilderness "would cause irreversible damage to one of God's most awesome
creations."

But Mr. Lieberman has a rare talent for making attacks that do not come across
as attacks. His criticisms, often prefaced by phrases like "I'm sorry to say,"
or "sadly," and delivered with a litany of supporting detail, sound less like
those of an aggressive politician than of a concerned neighbor leaning over a
back fence, sharing a troubling bit of gossip.

"He can deliver these pretty hard-hitting messages without any sense of rancor,"
said Ross K. Baker, a professor of political science at Rutgers University, "and
have the listener walk away feeling like he was throwing garlands of flowers.
It's a tremendous asset at a time when people are clearly tired of strident
attacks."

Critiques of Mr. Bush's policies are a regular part of Mr. Lieberman's pitch, in
keeping with the traditional role of the No. 2 man on the ticket, going on the
offensive while the presidential candidate tries to float above the fray. He
routinely says that Mr. Bush would wreck the economy, return the government to
deficits and endanger Medicare; that his record on children's health care in
Texas has been disastrous; and that the Republican nominee's promises are hollow
because he cannot pay for them.

In the last week, the senator has stepped up his attacks, twice accusing the
Republican ticket of trying to deceive voters, and attacking the Congressional
voting by the Republican vice-presidential nominee, Dick Cheney, against
programs like Head Start and subsidized school lunches.

Mr. Lieberman often delivers barbs that his running mate, Vice President Al
Gore, avoids, as when he suggested that Mr. Bush was evading debates and
coddling the oil industry.

"Governor Bush and Dick Cheney, as you know, have spent most of their
professional lives in the oil business," Mr. Lieberman said today. "In fact,
within the last 48 hours, I gather that Dick Cheney attended a fund-raiser
mostly among oil executives that raised $8 million. That's an awful lot of
$2-a-gallon gasoline."

In surveys, voters often say they do not like negative campaigning, but of
course, whether it is perceived as negative or just a recitation of the facts
can depend on the listener and the way the gibes are phrased.

Where Mr. Cheney, who has taken the lead in attacking Mr. Gore, comes across as
reserved on the stump, even dour, the main impression Mr. Lieberman leaves is
that he is enjoying himself. Even on the offensive, his relaxed tone never
varies, his voice never rises, no hint of distaste crosses his face.

And even Mr. Lieberman's recent, more charged remarks have lacked the sharp,
sometimes personal, edges wielded by some other vice-presidential nominees, in a
long, bloody, bipartisan tradition. Last week, for example, Mr. Cheney charged
that Mr. Gore "simply makes some things up out of whole cloth."

In 1988, Senator Dan Quayle said of Gov. Michael S. Dukakis, "He's taken off his
Halloween mask" and "exposed" himself as a liberal, while Senator Lloyd Bentsen
called Vice President George Bush's campaign "a carnival sideshow of nonsense
and negativism." Eight years earlier, Vice President Walter F. Mondale said, "At
least when Ronald Reagan rode off in the movies into the fiery sunset, he didn't
take us with him" -- a not-so-subtle play on fears that Mr. Reagan would drag
the country into war, while George Bush accused President Jimmy Carter of
"inciting hatred and division among Americans" by running a "low road, hatchet
road" campaign.

The low point for vice-presidential vitriol in modern campaigns may have been
reached by Spiro Agnew in 1968, when he accused Vice President Hubert H.
Humphrey of being "squishy-soft on Communism," a comment that even Mr. Agnew's
fellow Republicans denounced as echoing McCarthyism.

Mr. Lieberman, who has made a point throughout his career of working with
Republicans, has a reputation as a gentlemanly, relatively nonpartisan
politician, though he won his Senate seat in Connecticut in 1988 with relentless
attacks on the record of the Republican incumbent, Lowell P. Weicker Jr.

This campaign does not appear to have dented Mr. Lieberman's positive image,
much to the frustration of the Bush campaign, which has accused him of hypocrisy
in assuming the mantle of bipartisanship while going on the attack.

His aides say Mr. Lieberman can pull it off because he sticks to substance, and
his criticisms are well grounded. The candidate himself suggests as much, saying
repeatedly, as he did last week at a rally in Fresno, Calif., "Al Gore and I are
not going to say a negative personal word about our opponents, but we are going
to talk about their policies and where they're wrong."

At stop after stop on the campaign, people who encounter Mr. Lieberman say they
do not believe he engages in negative campaigning, even when he has just done so
in front of them.

"He's so upbeat," Audrey Kaufman, a retired teacher who said she is not wedded
to either party, said after hearing Mr. Lieberman on Tuesday at a center for the
elderly in Union, N.J. "I haven't heard anything negative from him."

Actually, she just had. Mr. Lieberman had sought at some length to tear apart,
piece by piece, the Bush and Cheney plans for Medicare.

"Their plan is not a real plan, it's a real problem for real people and
particularly for real seniors," Mr. Lieberman had said, mocking Mr. Bush's
campaign slogan "Real plans for real people."

"America deserves, Al Gore and I believe, better than a plan that takes the care
out of Medicare, and the trust out of the Medicare trust fund," Mr. Lieberman
said.

When asked about such darts, Ms. Kaufman said: "Those are just the facts. He
doesn't exaggerate or say anything personal."

As disputes have arisen in this contest, the harshest words out of the
Democratic camp have often come from Mr. Lieberman -- a pattern repeated in
today's responses to Mr. Bush's energy plan.

Mr. Gore has said little publicly about Republican criticism over the last week
that the Democrats should not raise money from the entertainment industry while
attacking it. But last week, Mr. Lieberman said the attacks smacked of
desperation by a losing campaign, noting that while he and Mr. Gore had a plan
to address violence and vulgarity in popular culture, the Republicans did not.

"I'm looking forward to the day when I see George Bush and Dick Cheney stand up
to their friends in the oil industry," he added, "or stand up to the tobacco
industry or the N.R.A."

Earlier this month, when Mr. Bush balked at the proposed presidential debates,
Mr. Lieberman implied that Mr. Bush was afraid of facing Mr. Gore on national
television, and he likened the governor's stance to a football team trying to
change the location and rules of the Super Bowl just before the game. Mr. Bush
eventually agreed to the debates, though with some changes in format.

In the last week, Mr. Lieberman has taken to poking fun at the many slogans Mr.
Bush has used. "He says that we should leave no child behind," Mr. Lieberman
said in Albuquerque. "But I am sad to say that in Texas, the fact is that he has
left more than one million children who need health insurance behind. That's
Governor Bush's real record, what that real record has meant to real people,
real children, in the state of Texas."

Professor Baker spent time in close quarters with Mr. Lieberman early this year,
when he joined a bipartisan Congressional delegation that traveled to Russia and
Germany.

"He has almost a pastoral quality to him," even when expressing an opinion
strongly, Professor Baker said. "If he were Roman Catholic, he'd be a great
parish priest."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: With an oil refinery as his backdrop, Senator Joseph I.
Lieberman attacked the Bush environmental record yesterday in Houston, all the
while careful to avoid being labeled as a negative campaigner. (Associated
Press)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              551 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                   May 26, 1995 Friday MORNING FINAL EDITION

WHAT'S BALLET WITHOUT DANCING? BEAUTIFUL MUSIC

BYLINE: Paul Hertelendy - Mercury News Music Writer

SECTION: EYE; Pg. 47

LENGTH: 694 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


Conductor Emil De Cou, Will Introduce His Specialty -- Ballet Music -- To San
Jose SymPhony Audiences In Two Cupertino Concerts This Weekend.

De Cou Is Conducting Everything Short Of Electricity These Days. After FinIshing
His Season At The San FrancisCo Ballet, He Will Spend Most Of June Conducting
The American Ballet Theatre Season At The Metropolitan Opera In New York. After
That, He Will Return Here As Principal Pops Conductor At The San Francisco
Symphony, Leading Seven Summer Programs.

Risk-taking

When He Arrived This Week For An Interview At a Coffee Shop Near The Opera
House, He Made No Secret Of His Love For BalLet, a Medium Other Conductors
Sometimes Belittle.

"In Ballet, People Expect To Take Risks, And That's Needed To Keep It a Vibrant
Art Form," Said The 37-Year-old MaeStro. "In Dance, You're Allowed To Be
Spontaneous. In The World Of Opera, People Haven't Caught On To That."

Comparing Opera, Symphony And Ballet, He Said Dance Has The Most Vitality,
Thanks To Its Audiences. "Of The Three, Ballet Audiences Are The Least Put Off
By (Works) They Don't Know."

Bringing That Kind Of AdventurOusness To The Symphony, De Cou Is Uncorking a
Package Of 20 Short And Lively ExCerpts For His Weekend Program, InCluding Music
From "Swan Lake," "Romeo And Juliet," "The Rite Of Spring," "Petrouchka" And
"Firebird."

If You Think This Kickback ClasSics Program Is Snack Food After a Subscription
Season Of Beethoven And Mahler, You Haven't Heard De Cou Expound On It. "It's So
Much More Difficult To Prepare This Program Than, Say, a Standard SymPhonic
Program Of Three Works. It's Also More Difficult For The Orchestra!"

He Knows Some Symphony ConDuctors Won't Go Near a Ballet OrChestra, And That's
Fine By Him.

"Many Conductors Think That BalLet Taints Them, Because It Has CirCus-y Music.
But With The (George) Balanchine Emphasis Of Helgi (Tomasson, ArtisTic Director
At The San Francisco BalLet), We Almost Always Get First-rate Music." One Reason
Conductors Are DisDainful Is The Matter Of Cuts And EditIng, Which Are Done
Routinely In BalLet But Avoided At The Symphony And At Many Opera Houses
Nowadays.

De Cou, However, Pointed Out That Until Recently Symphonies Of The Masters Were
Also Routinely Trimmed As Needed. "Conductors Saw Symphonic Scores As At Best a
Blueprint, Not As Holy Writ. And They ConstantLy Rewrote Them, Even Into The
(1920-'40) Era Of Leopold Stokowski And Willem Mendelberg."

Leading Dance Requires MaxiMum Flexibility, He Says.

"Some Conductors Just Aren't Good Accompanists, And You Really Have To Be a Good
Accompanist, Whether You're Working With Dancers, With a Singer Or With a
Violinist," De Cou Said. "The Nature Of The Body, The Aspect Of a Dancer BeIng
'On' Or Not -- There's Spontaneity. And In Dance, You're Allowed To Be More
Spontaneous, In a Way That With Tchaikovsky's 'Pathetique' Symphony You Are
Not."

Overtures

De Cou's Talents Got Their First Boost When, At 16, He Got Pops Legend ArThur
Fiedler's Autograph After a HolLywood Bowl Concert. His ConductIng Teacher,
Danny Lewis, EncourAged Him To Lead As Many Kinds Of MuSic As He Could.

After Conducting For a Dance Group In Holland 12 Years Ago, He Was Hired By
Mikhail Baryshnikov To Lead AmeriCan Ballet Theatre In 1986, And He Has Been a
Regular There Since. He Came Later To The San Francisco Ballet, Working Under
Music Director Denis De Coteau.

In The Just-concluded Season, He Led All Eight Of The Challenging "Romeo And
Juliet" Performances, Plus Scores By Shostakovich, Mayuzumi And Other
Modernists. And He Got Reviews Worth Framing.

The Key Word For Conductors ToDay, He Said, Is "Survival."

"A Conductor's Got To Be Ready To Do Anything. It Doesn't Work Just To Train To
Become The Music Director Of The Philadelphia Orchestra. The Economics Are Too
Hard Nowadays. So What Do I Want To Do? I Just Want To Do Music I Want To Hear
And Music That The Orchestra Wants To Play."
San Jose Symphony

Emil De Cou, Guest Conductor

* Where: Flint Center, De Anza College, 21250 Stevens Creek Blvd., Cupertino

* When: 8 Tonight-saturday

* Tickets: $13-$31

* Call: (408) 288-2828, (408) 998-2277

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: PERFORMANCE

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: 'A conductor's got to be ready to do anything.' - Emil de Cou
950526 EY 47

                     Copyright 1995 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              552 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            June 13, 2007 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

No way to treat a Lady Byng

BYLINE: CanWest News Service

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 145  words


Chivalry is not dead. After hearing some people deride the Lady Byng Trophy,
handed out to the NHL's most gentlemanly player, Detroit coach Mike Babcock
jumped to the defence of the award.

"Being the best is something to make fun of?" Babcock asked rhetorically in the
Detroit News. "I don't understand that thought process."

The NHL hands out its major awards Thursday in Toronto (5:30 p.m., CBC).
Colorado's Joe Sakic, Tampa Bay's Martin St. Louis and Detroit's Pavel Datsyuk
are the finalists for the Lady Byng. Babcock said players who belittle the award
may be doing so over jealousy.

"It's a fantastic award," he told the newspaper. "It''s like the Presidents
Trophy (given to the team with the best regular-season record). All the teams
that don't win it can make fun of it."

For his part, Datsyuk seemed surprised by the nomination.

"I thought I hit more," said Datsyuk.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Pavel Datsyuk ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              553 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                              July 8, 2012 Sunday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

OBAMA: 'WE ARE MOVING FORWARD'

BYLINE: ALEX LEARY, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1400 words

DATELINE: MAUMEE, Ohio



HIGHLIGHT: During bus tour stops in Ohio and Pennsylvania, the president
stresses economic security, not his divisive health care victory.


It came 20 minutes deep into a campaign speech, but President Barack Obama
delivered the line emphatically, and the crowd roared back.

"The law I passed is here to stay!"

The law is the Affordable Care Act, legislation that is to Democrats so
monumental - "a big (expletive) deal," as Vice President Joe Biden whispered to
Obama the day it was signed - they have embraced the term Republicans used to
belittle it: Obamacare. Exactly a week before Obama arrived here Thursday, the
U.S. Supreme Court ruled it constitutional.

But if he were due a victory lap, Obama barely suited up. He addressed the law
fleetingly in stops across Ohio on Thursday, the start of his first bus trip of
the 2012 presidential campaign. "Now is not the time to spend four more years
refighting battles we fought two years ago," Obama said in Maumee, near Toledo.
"We are moving forward."

Obama and his advisers are betting that middle-class Americans want to focus on
their economic security, the theme Obama pressed in three stops in Ohio and
again in Pennsylvania on Friday, and it is unquestionably voters' top concern.
The strategy, however, ignores powerful forces keeping health care out front and
bitterly divided public opinion, including among independent voters who will
decide the election.

Not stoking the fire is a safe approach aimed at those independents, but it
underscores communication failures that helped Obama get in this position.
Republicans mobilized against the law in 2010, stripping Obama's lock on
Congress, and have not let up, seizing on the Supreme Court's characterization
of the penalty for failing to carry insurance as a "tax."

This week, the U.S. House will vote on repeal of the law, a symbolic gesture
given Democratic control of the Senate, but the point is to keep the issue in
the news. Polls show Republicans are now more motivated to vote and millions of
dollars are flooding to candidates. GOP nominee Mitt Romney, despite championing
a health care law in Massachusetts that is nearly identical to Obama's, received
$4.6 million in contributions within 24 hours of the ruling.

Across Ohio and 11 other swing states, TV viewers are seeing $9 million worth of
ads from the conservative group Americans for Prosperity that link the law to
economic worries. "How can we afford this tax?" a narrator asks. "We're already
struggling. Tell Obama, repeal the health care law and pass patient-centered
reform."

Scoffed Howard Dean, former chairman of the Democratic National Committee: "Let
them pick health care. It's great for rallying their base; it certainly isn't
going to do anything to win the election. I think the president is right to do
this. The most important question is which of these two men understand ordinary
Americans."

Pressed whether Democrats are passing up an opportunity to respond to the new
Republican line of attack, he said: "A tax? That debate is over. It's
irrelevant."

But others are concerned about a 2010 replay. Democrats lost the health care
messaging battle to a sea of often misleading and or untrue (death panels?
government takeover?) claims. Through it all, Obama, one of the greatest orators
his party has seen, has come across as an ineffective salesman.

"He risks squandering the opportunity to connect emotionally with Americans
about the signature achievement of his presidency," said Michael Millenson, a
health care consultant in Illinois who frequently writes on the subject. "He has
let himself be defined as a bureaucrat rather than someone who is really helping
provide access to lifesaving care and who is also helping the fundamental
changes in the health care system that have been put off for decades. President
Obama is a candidate in 2012 who doesn't seem like he knows much about candidate
Obama in 2008."

Addressing health care in Ohio, Obama ticked off some popular provisions, such
as allowing children to remain on their parents' insurance plans until they are
26 and a prohibition of plans to deny coverage to people with pre-existing
conditions. When he mentioned these, his audiences cheered louder than they did
for most of his talking points on the economy. But Obama moved on.

After an afternoon stop in Sandusky on Thursday, a woman approached Obama and
said her sister died from colon cancer four years ago because she did not have
adequate insurance. The sobbing woman, Stephanie Miller, thanked Obama for
passing the law.

Obama, however, passed up the chance to relate the story to a large crowd
gathered for a sunset rally about an hour away in Parma. He said he wanted to
clear up misinformation about the law but never addressed Republicans' "tax"
charge. Only during an interview with an NBC affiliate on Thursday did Obama
confront his rival.

"Mr. Romney was one of the biggest promoters of the individual mandate," Obama
said. "In Massachusetts, his whole idea was that we shouldn't have people who
can afford to get health insurance to not buy it and then force you or me, or
John Q. Public to have to pay for him when he gets sick. That's irresponsible.
That's exactly what's included as part of my health care plan. And the fact that
a whole bunch of Republicans in Washington suddenly said, 'This is a tax' - for
six years he said it wasn't, and now he has suddenly reversed himself. So the
question becomes, are you doing that because of politics?"

Polls taken after the Supreme Court ruling show the public is closely divided on
the law. Democrats overwhelmingly approve it; Republicans overwhelmingly
disapprove. Independent voters without a partisan tilt were evenly split on the
court ruling, according to a poll by the Kaiser Family Foundation, but 51
percent said opponents of the law should stop trying to block it (56 percent of
voters overall held that view).

A Reuters/Ipsos poll showed overall increased support for the law, including
among independents, but found the individual mandate remains deeply unpopular
with 39 percent backing it and 61 percent opposing.

That would seem to validate Obama's "move on" approach. He's trying to appeal to
independents and mentioned Thursday that he was willing to work with "anyone" to
improve the law.

"People, particularly people who aren't very partisan, like leaders who get
things done. I think he will get some bump for his leadership," said Robert
Blendon, a Harvard University professor who studies health care polling. "But
the Republicans are not going to quit and they think they have an issue that
mobilizes their side and think they have an edge on independents. To no
surprise, it's tough to draw long-term conclusions."

The mixed view came through in Maumee, where Obama held a campaign rally outside
a museum. Hay bales, American flags and red, white and blue banners gave off an
Americana feel as Bruce Springsteen blared from speakers. People held newspapers
over their heads as shelter from the sun but were ecstatic when Obama arrived.

"He saved the auto business. He got Osama bin Laden," said Marv Traver, 70. He
said he wanted Obama to speak up more on health care. (The candidate spent 1:20
on the subject amid a 28-minute speech.) "The American people want to hear more.
A lot of people are unsure and nervous about it."

Including Traver. He said he was worried about the tax, unaware that he would
not be affected because he already has insurance.

Eric Herbster, a 35-year-old in a baseball cap, praised Obama for pushing
Congress to extend unemployment benefits several times. He lost his job as a
bricklayer three years ago and work has been spotty. "Without those benefits, me
and my two sons would have starved. He has saved my a --, excuse my language."
But he, too, paused when asked about health care.

"I have no insurance. I haven't had it for five years. With the new Obamacare,
basically it means I'm going to have to pay." When told that the law included a
push to expand Medicaid and provide other subsidies for people who cannot afford
coverage, Herbster said: "I didn't know that. But down the road, it's going to
come out of my pocket."

Mary Anne McAuley, an independent voter who voted for Obama in 2008 but is
undecided this election, said something needs to be done on health care but she
was unsure about Obama's approach, if only because she still finds it confusing:

"I can't imagine making everybody have health insurance is going to help those
who can afford it vs. those who cannot. I don't think it's going to help me at
all."

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - Getty Images: During a stop in Parma, Ohio, on Thursday,
President Barack Obama said he wanted to clear up misinformation about the
health care law, but he did not address Republicans' "tax" rhetoric. PHOTO -
Associated Press: Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney talks about job
numbers Friday at Bradley's Hardware in Wolfeboro, N.H.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2012 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              554 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                          September 2, 1970, Wednesday

SECTION: Page 1, Column 1; (AP)

LENGTH: 50 words

Fed grand jury indicts Ptl W S Dennis and L C Dinkins under Fed statute of
violating civil rights of 2 Negroes during May disorders, Augusta; charges
Dennis in fatal shooting of J W Stokes, Dinkins in wounding of L N Williams;
both ptl to continue on active duty; Gov Maddox belittles jury action

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

              Copyright 1970 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              555 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           December 4, 2007, Tuesday

Readers' voice

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P2A

LENGTH: 691 words


-To the person who was complaining about the deer hunters, the deer have to be
killed out or they will starve to death because of lack of food. Which is more
right to you?

-The electric power lines should be run underground. The initial costs might be
a little more, but, in the long run, the company would save money with less
maintenance. You also would not have to worry about the weather tearing the
lines down.

-Nominating Barack Obama is the surest way the Democrats will defeat the
Republicans.

-The holiday season is the loneliest time of the year for divorced fathers with
children. Ex-wives pressure the children to spend Thanksgiving, Christmas and
New Year's with their mother. The older the child, the more pressure is
involved. The holidays are used to demean, belittle and be cruel to divorced
fathers.

-People who get stuck working low-paying, going-nowhere jobs without benefits
can never fund a retirement plan. The only thing they have is Social Security,
and it should be protected for their benefit.

-Kanawha County Schools wants to have drug tests, but they refuse to give TB
tests, which I think is more important right now.

-Would someone explain to me why we haven't impeached and thrown out the entire
City Council of Nitro?

-I am sorry, but I am totally outraged. How, under God's creation, could we have
a gay general in the United States military fighting against Islamic terrorists?
This just gives them more will to kill us.

-To the person who thought Jerry Waters should be back on the radio, are you
crazy? The man was negative and destructive. I am glad they took him off the
air.

-The utilities' typical strategy is: If you want a nickel, then ask for a dime.
It works every time with us dumb hillbillies.

-The Republican leadership has nothing to offer the workingman but more of the
same. Send your kids off to war and never let them come home. They take away our
kids' college loans and they do not want to offer help with the mortgage crisis.
All Republicans are following President Bush's lead, sending us down the tubes
while blocking Democratic bills that would help us all.

-Due to the insensitive and rude comments made by the CBS Sportsline columnist,
every citizen of the states of Missouri and West Virginia should boycott CBS,
not watch their programs and not buy the products of any advertisers that use
CBS.

-Danny Jones is complaining about utilities. This is the same Danny Jones who
had a 48 percent sewer increase for the city of Charleston and a 100 percent fee
increase for the user tax.

-The surgeon general of the United States has made a statement that Santa Claus
should not be a role model for young kids because of his weight. Here is a man
that is appointed to take care of things like trans fats in fast food and the
dangers of cigarettes and tobacco, yet he has the time to criticize Santa Claus.

-I just read the article about PEIA in the paper and I, along with a lot of
other PEIA retirees, want our Medicare card back.

-I, and millions of other Americans, should thank God that we live in the United
States instead of a country that will throw you in jail for naming a stuffed
animal Mohammad.

-What the teachers union wants is just too much. I, for one, would like to give
the teachers all they want, but money is the problem. If you don't have it, you
can't spend it. What happens to the retirement of these teachers if their salary
goes up? Would they take a loss in it? We are in debt now over the cost of
retirement.

-For those of you who want universal health care under the government, please
look at Medicaid, Medicare and our VA hospitals. They are over-promised,
underfunded, and all the government tries to do is not pay. If you are looking
for a solution from the government, you probably won't get well.

-I agree with the venter about a protest march about the user fee. I can't
afford to miss work; therefore, I propose we have a "bridge day" type of
protest, in the middle of I-64/I-77 on a Saturday. That would reroute traffic
through downtown Charleston for a few hours. The truckers and other drivers
traveling the streets would see all of the paving and the extra cops we pay for.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers


                              556 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                    December 12, 2000 Tuesday FINAL EDITION

Boss despises worker's college education

BYLINE: Abby

SOURCE: Citizen Special

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. C13 Dear Abby

LENGTH: 584 words


Dear Abby: I recently received my bachelor of science degree. It took
determination and sacrifice to fulfil the requirements to graduate. Now that I
have found a job where I can use my academic knowledge, I am finding stumbling
blocks to career advancement. I work with managers who refuse to recognize the
importance of an academic education.

Several of the upper-level managers attained their high-paying positions by
staying and working their way up the ladder. They frequently say education is
"overrated." I respect these managers and their fortitude in staying with the
company, but they belittle the value of education. I believe they are not aware
of the time and energy one expends to attain a degree.

I have noticed that managers who have advanced education appreciate what it
takes to get a degree and don't minimize its value. Unfortunately, I report to a
lesser-educated manager. How should I handle the situation?

Supports the Value of Education

Dear Supports: Keep your mouth shut and your eye on the goal. Pointing out your
manager's ignorance will make you an enemy.

College doesn't always teach the "practical" aspects of a job. Experience is
also a great teacher. Learn, absorb and weigh everything your managers have to
say. They would not be at the level to which they have risen had they not earned
the respect of their employers.

Dear Abby: Twenty years ago, my high school civics teacher gave us a choice for
a project: Write a research paper or perform 20 hours of volunteer work and
report on the experience. For not completely altruistic reasons, I chose the
volunteer experience because I thought it sounded more interesting -- not to
mention easier!

That was one of the most memorable high school experiences I had. I didn't come
from a perfect background (does anyone?), but it was good for me as an
impressionable young person to see how those in true need lived. I will never
forget rocking a baby who was born without eyes because his mother dallied with
drugs during her pregnancy.

Most volunteer experiences aren't as sobering, but there is always something to
learn. As a result of that school project, I have led a life of volunteering --
even if it is just an hour a week.

In addition, I have introduced my children to the wonderful world of
volunteering as young as age three, and they love it. My parents were also
volunteers.

Abby, please address the subject of volunteering with your readers. If they
don't volunteer, they owe it to themselves to give it a try. It's a wonderful
experience. Just when they think they will only be giving, lo and behold,
they'll be receiving an education and a worthwhile experience.

Grateful to be Able to Help,

St. Paul-Minneapolis

Dear Grateful: I agree volunteering can be gratifying. I heartily recommend it.
The subject has been mentioned in this column before. Years ago, I volunteered
my time to the Red Cross as a "Gray Lady," reading and writing letters for
shut-ins. Later I worked for the Mental Health Association and to raise funds
for the March of Dimes.

Volunteer work is emotionally rewarding, a sure cure for the blues and a
self-esteem builder. Some have stumbled onto fulfilling career opportunities
through volunteering at hospitals, schools, shelters, etc.

Write to Abby c/o The Ottawa Citizen, Box 5020, Ottawa K2C 3M4. For a personal
reply, send a self-addressed envelope. Abby covers postage. Include your name
and telephone number if you want your letter published.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Column

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              557 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 24, 1997, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Observer;
Icon Epidemic Rages

BYLINE: By RUSSELL BAKER

SECTION: Section A; Page 19; Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 680 words


Disaster! That's what my campaign against icons has ended in. The defeat is not
as catastrophic as Custer's at the Little Big Horn, but it is just as total.

I am routed in every newspaper, every magazine, every book. Despite my attacks
American writers on all flanks are pelting me senseless with icons.

Wherever you turn another writer is hurling icons. Even the sports page, that
sanctuary of good old plain talk, is no longer icon-free. Reading happily along
in an essay on corked baseball bats the other day, I was frozen in mid-column to
see George Brett being called "an icon of the game."

Why belittle Brett with namby-pamby icon talk? George Brett was one of the best
hitters ever; reducing him to an icon cheats him of the high praise he deserves.

Look: Do you think Gale Hayman is in a class with George Brett? When you're two
runs behind with two men on base and two out in the ninth inning, whom do you
want to see coming to the plate? Gale Hayman or George Brett?

Yet she's an icon too. "Gale Hayman is a beauty icon," reports Update, a
publication of The New York Times Syndicate.

So I open a book, a heavy book, a serious book, and what do you suppose leaps
off Page 3 before the author has even warmed up? Yep. Icons.

Documents like the Declaration of Independence, the Supreme Court's motto
("Equal Justice Under Law") and even Murphy's and Parkinson's Laws, according to
this book, "have become cultural icons."

I drop the book in a fit of icon revulsion and turn to another book. It is good,
deep, thoughtful, wise and totally satisfying until the author refers to Theda
Bara as "an early icon of cinematic otherness."

And what do you think Barbra Streisand is? "She's kind of like a gay icon," a
museum visitor tells a Washington Post writer reporting from the Barbra
Streisand Museum in San Francisco.

Vanity Fair takes a look at a guy so rich that his pile tops David Geffen's by a
factor of three. For the past two years he had been "eyeing" guess what. Right
the first time: an icon. Specifically, the "famed but faltering industry icon,"
Apple Computer.

But what is this I see on the cover of The New York Times Book Review? It is
news of yet another book about Virginia Woolf, "an icon and a beacon for most of
a century." (Also a writer of considerable talent, maybe not quite the literary
equivalent of George Brett, but pretty good.)

There may be an infectious icon epidemic raging at The Times. The week after the
iconning of Virginia Woolf, a Times Magazine story about the Long Island
Congresswoman Carolyn McCarthy was headlined, "An Icon Goes to Washington."

Two Sundays earlier the Week in Review section referred to Frank Sinatra, Dean
Martin and Sammy Davis Jr. as "three icons of swank."

An art review classifies painters like Marsden Hartley, John Marin and Arthur
Dove as "historical icons."

Poor dead Che Guevara cannot re-appear in The Times these days without being
iconned. Interviewed by the Magazine, his biographer says Che is "a marketing
icon." The Week in Review of the same day agrees about his mercantile iconhood:

"When it comes to marketing icons, there an unmistakable difference between
being dead and being alive."

A merchant running a Guevara lookalike contest to sell skis tells The Times he
"wanted the Che image -- just the icon and not the man's doings" for sales
promotion.

"They had plundered all the other icons of the 60's," a Guevara biographer tells
The Times.

Always competitive with The Times, The Washington Post has kept the iconic pace.
A recent headline converted the old Volkswagen Beetle into "a 60's Icon." Its
Style section reviewed "three discs of iconic songs." These were not songs about
icons, but supposedly about gay culture.

From The Cincinnati Enquirer comes grim news for friends of the 1970's. "A
Cincinnati icon for that very era" is dying.

That icon is Lucy's in the Sky, a saloon on the glass-walled 12th floor of the
Holiday Inn downtown. It's closed.

Will no one save America from iconicization? Anyone who does will become an
anti-iconicization icon.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Op-Ed

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              558 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       The Sun Herald (Sydney, Australia)

                            November 10, 1996 Sunday
                                  Late Edition

The power behind the President;
Inside Story

BYLINE: Brett Thomas

SECTION: TEMPO; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1491 words


Don't expect Hillary Clinton to discuss haute couture or hors d'oeuvres on her
trip to Australia. The First Lady will be looking at policy making and how it
affects Australians' lives

THE most memorable scene from the celebrations at Little Rock following Bill
Clinton's re-election as American president last Tuesday came right at the end
of what had been a long, emotional night. As fireworks exploded in the Arkansas
sky, Mr Clinton put his arms around his wife, Hillary, and their daughter,
Chelsea, and the family turned away from the jubilant crowd to share a quiet
moment together.

It would have been intriguing to know what the First Lady, in particular, was
thinking as she gazed heavenwards.

Was she looking forward to her upcoming holiday in Australia, where she and her
husband have the opportunity to celebrate victory with a second honeymoon? Was
she thinking ahead to her role in the next four years of the Clinton
Administration? Or, was the most controversial First Lady in American political
history harbouring darker thoughts about the ongoing scandals and her own
possible criminal indictment that shadow the win?

Australians may get the chance to find out for themselves when the Clintons
arrive here in just over a week's time.

They will meet a woman who, although married to the world's most powerful man,
is not defined by that role.

She is a person of many contradictions - compassionate, caring and loyal, yet
possessed of a fierce temper that is often used to belittle not only staff, but
also the President of the United States of America.

She is generous of her time and spirit but is also guilty of the sort of
relentless acquisitiveness and power hunger that marked the distasteful yuppie
era from which she and Bill emerged.

Her husband may be the consummate, charismatic man-of-the-people, but Hillary,
49, expresses a genuine curiosity about other people's lives and opinions and
she is determined to meet as many real Australians as she can on this trip.

Essentially, it will be a holiday for the couple, who will sandwich Australia
between a short vacation in Hawaii and a working trip to the Philippines for a
meeting of the Asia Pacific Economic Co-operation (APEC) heads.

"I know she is very much looking forward to visiting Australia," Neil Lattimore,
Mrs Clinton's spokesman, told Tempo. "She has talked about wanting to visit your
country for as long as we've been in the White House."

Mrs Clinton will be just like any other American tourist on their first
Australian holiday - she wants to see as many sights as possible and will be
spoiled by stays in Sydney and on the Great Barrier Reef.

"She enjoys doing as much as she can," Mr Lattimore said. "She always says, 'I
can sleep on the plane'."

But as well as sight-seeing, the First Lady will also make time to meet some of
Australia's most high-profile women, not just the wives of politicians but women
with power, influence and strong views - particularly concerning her favourite
topic: children.

Unlike the recent visit by Princess Diana, there will be more to discuss with
this highly intelligent, inquisitive and well-travelled woman than the type of
gown she is wearing or the quality of the hors d'oeuvres.

"We do a lot of events with prominent women," said Mr Lattimore, who added that
specific details about meetings in Australia were yet to be completed.

"In whatever country we visit, we try to meet as many different types of women
as we can and go to as many different types of events as we can."

Mrs Clinton will be keen to discuss the merits of Australia's health care and
welfare systems and may take back ideas for use in possible US legislation.

"She likes to visit schools and hospitals and the sort of service places that
serve the public at a grass-roots level," said Anita Perez Ferguson, president
of the US National Women's Political Caucus.

"She doesn't go there as a do-gooder but as a policy thinker. Here is a skilled
attorney who is always thinking about formulating policy that will help the most
number of people."

While Mr Clinton tries out some of Australia's best golf courses - especially in
north Queensland where the visit is pure holiday - Mrs Clinton will indulge in
walking tours of whatever town or city in which she finds herself.

She'll be surrounded by a phalanx of secret service agents who will never leave
her side while she is in public.

"She really enjoys walking," Mr Lattimore said. "I've travelled all over the
world with her and she always gets out and takes walks through the city."

The time in Australia will be perfect for the reflecting Mrs Clinton needs to do
on her role as First Lady, which has changed considerably since she first set
foot in the White House.

A highly-paid lawyer before turning full-time political ally to her husband, she
shocked the Washington establishment after Bill won the 1992 presidential
election by refusing to bow to the traditional ideals of the First Lady.

Unlike those who immediately preceded her - the matronly Barbara Bush and the
vain, image-conscious Nancy Reagan - Mrs Clinton took an active role in
important policy-making and was viewed as one of her husband's closest political
advisors.

But that role - and the failure in Congress of health reform policy for which
she was chief architect - led to scorn and harsh media criticism. It was the
same sort of reaction she had received in provincial Little Rock when she
refused to drop her maiden name (Rodham) when Bill became Governor of Arkansas
for the first time.

Stories about Mrs Clinton's raging temper and foul mouth became legend around
the White House. Secret service agents allegedly had to warn her about throwing
crockery at her husband during their many arguments because it could be
conceived as a threat to the President's life.

In meetings with high-level advisors she would angrily turn on Mr Clinton if she
sensed he was vacillating.

Then, there are the scandals: Whitewater, Travelgate and Filegate.

Combined with her already bad press, these three contentious issues - in which
only the extent of her involvement seems in question - forced Mrs Clinton onto
the sidelines during the last year of the first Clinton Administration and
ensured she was virtually invisible during the recent campaign.

Exit polls taken last Tuesday showed her disapproval rating was exceeded only by
the unpopular Republican House speaker, Newt Gingrich.

Independent counsel Kenneth Starr has been circling ever closer to the Clinton
inner sanctum as his investigation into the Whitewater land deal has widened to
include the controversial sacking of White House travel staff and then the
discovery that the White House had accrued hundreds of top secret FBI files on
Republican figures.

Mrs Clinton is already the only First Lady ever to be called to testify before a
Federal Grand Jury and her indictment on charges stemming from the ongoing
investigations - a remote, but chilling possibility - would be devastating.

The First Lady may also be forced to remember the dark days of her marriage when
the Supreme Court decides in January whether sexual harassment charges filed by
former Clinton campaign volunteer Paula Jones can be heard against a serving
President.

Already embarrassed and humiliated when the 1992 campaign exposed her husband's
prodigious womanising, it's a memory she won't want to revisit, especially now
that a once-shaky marriage seems to be thriving.

But Mrs Clinton may decide to ignore the Washington nightmare looming ahead of
her and instead think positively of the role she will play in America over the
next four years.

Through her book, It Takes A Village, and her weekly newspaper column she has
made it clear her main interest lies in the betterment of life for children. She
has expressed views in all areas of child care, from adoption legislation to the
building of more orphanages, parental rights, welfare and health care.

And, as she told Newsweek magazine earlier this year, she and Mr Clinton may
even consider adopting another child themselves.

"We've talked about it," she said. "I must say we're hoping that we have another
child.

"We really believe in adoption and I have worked hard to promote adoption,
particularly for older kids, and across racial lines and kids with special
needs. We'd have to think hard - especially if it were an older child - about
the pressures of the White House on a child like that."

In another revealing aside, Mrs Clinton spoke about how she helped 16-year-old
Chelsea cope with being in the political spotlight.

"When she was six, Bill and I talked about how we could prepare her for the
mean-spiritedness and slings and arrows that come with political life," she
said. "At dinners, her father would be pretending to run against Bill Clinton
and he would say something like, "Don't vote for Bill Clinton. He's a terrible
person, and he's mean to people'. Chelsea got big tears in her eyes. At a series
of dinners, we would do this."

It was a lesson from the masters.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Two Illus: THE POWER BEHIND THE THRONE: The most controversial First
Lady in American political history, Hillary Rodham Clinton. VICTORY SALUTE: For
the Clintons, returning to the White House is a family affair.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1996 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              559 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              September 13, 2000, Wednesday, 2 Late Tampa Edition

USF diploma kit for sale on Internet

SOURCE: From staff and wire reports

SECTION: TAMPA & STATE; BRIEFLY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 246 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



For the cost of a few textbooks, Internet auction site eBay was listing the
makings of a counterfeit degree and transcript from the University of South
Florida.

The documents needed to fake the credentials were being offered Monday for up to
$ 356, but were off the site Tuesday after a Tampa Tribune article about the
fake diplomas.

USF officials said several people called Monday to alert the school and that
eBay was asked to look into the matter.

"People study many years to earn the degree they have," said USF police Sgt.
Mike Klingebiel. "It's horrendous for someone to belittle the value of a degree
by selling them over the Internet."

Selling fake diplomas is a second-degree misdemeanor punishable by less than a
year in jail and less than a $ 1,000 fine.

The documents initially were offered on eBay for $ 50 by a seller in Milford,
Conn.

The price rose to $ 356 after 17 bids, but it was not clear whether money
changed hands or whether documents were delivered, said Kevin Pursglove, a
spokesman for eBay.

The seller told the newspaper he was only offering blank documents and
transcripts designed to look like the USF documents, and noted on the Web site
offer that the documents were "for novelty purposes" only.

Angelo Lelekis, 23, a recent USF graduate, was among those who notified the
university about the offer. He said he did so because it made him mad.

"I think you should earn your degree," he said.

- From staff and wire reports


LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA & STATE; CITY & STATE; METRO & STATE

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              560 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                       May 4, 1998, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Heston shoots from the hip at Streisand film: Actor, NRA official argues NBC
movie unfair in portrayal of gun advocates

BYLINE: ELLEN YAN; NEWSDAY

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. B5

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Actor Charlton Heston and the National Rifle Association have declared war on a
made-for-TV movie about U.S. Congresswoman Carolyn McCarthy and a gunman's 1993
shooting rampage on the Long Island Rail Road that left her husband dead and son
injured.

Mr. Heston, the incoming head of the NRA, contends that the movie that aired on
NBC last night unfairly portrays gun rights advocates.

The actor plans to issue a "a very direct challenge" to producer Barbra
Streisand of The Long Island Incident in a news conference in Los Angeles today.

He and gun rights advocates were careful not to focus their assault on Mrs.
McCarthy, a New York Democrat, whose husband, Dennis, was killed and son, Kevin,
was left partially paralysed after the incident.

"No one wants to belittle the congresswoman with the terrible loss she suffered
and other victims suffered," said NRA spokesman Bill Powers. "It is our belief
that it is inappropriate and dangerous when a major television network and
production company aimed at promoting particular political opinions mix
misrepresentations for dramatic effect. You get these based-on-true-story
dramas, and it gets difficult for the American people to sift through what's
true or what's not."

Mr. Powers, Mr. Heston and other NRA officials had not seen the drama, when they
made their comments, charging that news accounts about the movie had led them to
believe it includes "potentially deliberate misrepresentations" and unfairly
criticizes Mr. Heston and the NRA.

Much of their opposition is rooted in their view that Ms. Streisand is
"extraordinarily liberal" and uses her film production company to air her
political views, which include gun control.

Most of the comment on the film has focused on its political message.

A Newsday review published yesterday labelled the movie "propaganda," but added,
"the NRA has been a propaganda machine for decades. This film attempts to level
the playing field."

Mr. Powers said one review cited a "shouting match" between Mrs. McCarthy and an
anti-gun-control lobbyist.

"I personally made the effort to talk to every one of our federal lobbyists,"
Mr. Powers said, "even going back to the folks who used to work for the NRA
during that time, and it never happened."

Director Joseph Sargent said he is "delighted" by the NRA's attack. "That's the
point of the picture, to make you think," he said. He dismissed the complaints
of the gun rights advocates and said all anti-gun- control comments were run
past NBC lawyers.

He said the movie makes no reference to Mr. Heston.

Mr. Sargent asserts that the meeting depicted in the movie between Mrs. McCarthy
and the anti-gun lobbyist did take place, and is backed up by hours of
discussion with Mrs. McCarthy and movie researchers.

"We did portray the lobbyist as a sensible person, pursuing the line that the
NRA puts out," Mr. Sargent said.

Ms. Streisand is "astounded" that NRA officials have scheduled a news conference
on a movie they've never seen, said her publicist Dick Guttman. "This is the
true story of how a gunman's pointless murder of her husband and critical
wounding of her son led housewife Carolyn McCarthy to become a leading proponent
of gun-control legislation. ... We stand by our film," Ms. Streisand said in a
statement.

NBC turned down the NRA's request to view the movie in advance, Mr. Powers said.


LOAD-DATE: May 5, 1998

LENGTH: 565 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC: Black & White Photo: The Ottawa Citizen / Barbra Streisand says she
stands by her film, and its accuracy.
Black & White Photo: The Ottawa Citizen / Charlton Heston believes Barbra
Streisand uses her film production company to air her political views.

               Copyright 1998 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              561 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Nanaimo Daily News (British Columbia)

                            June 13, 2007 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

No way to treat a Lady

BYLINE: News Services

SECTION: SPORTS; Hockey in Brief; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 151  words


Chivalry is not dead. After hearing some people deride the Lady Byng Trophy,
handed out each year to the NHL's most gentlemanly player, Detroit RedWings
coach Mike Babcock jumped to the defence of the award.

"Being the best is something to make fun of?" Babcock asked rhetorically in the
Detroit News. "I don't understand that thought process."

The National Hockey League hands out its major awards Thursday in Toronto (4:30
p.m. CBC). Colorado's Joe Sakic, Tampa Bay's Martin St. Louis and Detroit's
Pavel Datsyuk are the finalists for the Lady Byng.

Babcock said players who belittle the award may be doing so over jealousy.

"It's a fantastic award," he told the newspaper. "It''s like the Presidents
Trophy (given to the team with the best regular-season record). All the teams
that don't win it can make fun of it."

For his part, Datsyuk seemed surprised by the nomination.

"I thought I hit more," said Datsyuk.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: (Mike) Babcock ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports; Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Nanaimo Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              562 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    October 18, 1987, Sunday, Final Edition

To TV Sports Fans, ESPN Grows From Novelty to Necessity

BYLINE: Norman Chad, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; PAGE B3

LENGTH: 1435 words


When ESPN went on the air Sept. 7, 1979, the all-sports cable network was little
more than a novelty for most fans. Eight years later, ESPN has become a
necessity for most fans.

From Australian Rules Football to the National Football League, it has been a
remarkable road for the Bristol, Conn.-based company. And, although its
ground-breaking NFL contract unquestionably gave ESPN the crowning jewel in its
schedule, ESPN had been accelerating toward major status well before that deal
was completed.

But it is the NFL telecasts -- the first on cable, with eight regular season
games over each of the next three years -- that has transformed the public's
perception of the 24-hour sports network.

"They were the be-all and end-all of sports when they first came on," said Jon
Mandel of Grey Advertising Agency in New York, "but they needed something big
time. They had hockey, but what other professional sports did they have? What
was on ESPN? Just a bunch of car races, women's billiards and Australian
football.

"So the NFL brought them to the big time."

Although some of ESPN's schedule always has been easy to belittle -- roller
derby, skateboarding and tractor pulls -- it still has compiled a heavyweight
lineup even without the NFL's addition.

Among the items on ESPN's regular menu: college basketball, including early
rounds of the NCAA tournament; college football; golf, including early rounds of
three Grand Slam tournaments; boxing; tennis, including the Davis Cup; the NHL,
including the Stanley Cup; MISL soccer; bowling; auto racing and horse racing.
It also televises the America's Cup, the U.S. Olympic Festival, the Boston
Marathon and the College World Series.

Also, ESPN's flagship studio program, "SportsCenter," has become a nightly must
for sports junkies, providing far more extensive sports coverage than local
newscasts.

Aside from having the higher-profile events, ESPN is a repository for such
limited-audience pursuits as running, surfing and aerobics.

"We're like a special-interest magazine," said ESPN President Bill Grimes, "and
we cater to all type of special interests. We like the diversity of our mix."

Grimes, along with executive vice president Roger Werner, has been the steward
through ESPN's boom period. Grimes, 46, came to ESPN in October 1981 after
spending 13 years at CBS and became ESPN's president in June 1982.

Started by a group that included Getty Oil Co., ESPN was sold to ABC in 1983.
Capital Cities/ABC now owns 80 percent and Nabisco (a unit of R.J. Reynolds)
owns the remaining 20 percent.

ESPN's financial road to the NFL has been rocky. It has gone through three
ownership changes and years of mounting losses. Many of its productions were of
low quality. Recently, it stumbled when the U.S. Football League was a bust.

But the financial picture has brightened considerably recently.

ABC's 1983 purchase of ESPN was for a reported $ 202 million. ESPN's current
market value might be five times that. In '85, ESPN showed its first operating
profit -- about $ 1 million. In '86, profits reportedly rose to $ 40 million. In
1987, ESPN could earn between $ 60 million and $ 75 million, according to
analysts at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette Corp. and at First Boston Co.

Grimes and industry observers cite several reasons for ESPN's growth: The 1983
decision to charge cable operators a fee to carry ESPN. In January 1984, the
cost was 13 cents per subscriber per month; now, it's 27 cents. That has
provided critical revenue in addition to advertising dollars. The continued
wiring of America. When ESPN first went to a 24-hour-a-day schedule, it was
carried in only 4.7 million homes; now, the figure is 43.7 million, representing
half of the television homes in the United States. Stronger event programming,
with fewer repeat broadcasts of games. In 1980, ESPN had 1,800 hours of live,
original programming; in 1987, that figure will be more than 3,700 hours.

ESPN's advertising revenue, Grimes said, "grew 20 percent each year in 1984,
1985 and 1986 while the networks were growing only by 2 or 3 percent." (Of
course, ESPN is only taking a tiny piece out of that network pie.) From its
inception, ESPN has been buoyed largely by Anheuser-Busch's strong ad support --
$ 1.4 million when ESPN debuted, a five-year, $ 25 million commitment in October
1980 and then a five-year, $ 70 million commitment in November 1985.

The addition of the NFL should enhance ESPN's overall advertising outlook.

"They needed something big to legitimize themselves, and the NFL's the
clincher," said Steven Grubbs of BBDO agency in New York. "It changes the whole
approach to Sunday nights from an advertiser's standpoint. Between Fox and ESPN,
you're going to see much lower viewing levels on the network.

"It also enables ESPN to package the NFL with other properties they might have
trouble selling."

Smaller sports are difficult ad sells for ESPN. But something like bowling is
relatively inexpensive to produce. Thus, ESPN is at a minimal risk.

In addition, ESPN does a lot of business with programming, such as "The Fishing
Hole," that is packaged and produced by independent groups. Those low-rated
shows, Grimes said, "are guaranteed profit going in" because ESPN does not have
production costs and because it benefits from the producers' advertising
contacts in each specialized field.

Ironically, it was one specialized, seemingly low-interest sport -- yachting --
that accelerated ESPN's national clout and helped it land the NFL contract.
ESPN's America's Cup coverage earlier this year was widely lauded.

"The critical acclaim for our America's Cup coverage," Grimes said, "did more
than anything in our history in making us perceived as television, not just
cable TV . . . I remember a conversation at the time with [NFL Commissioner
Pete] Rozelle, telling him we'd really arrived. It sent a message out and
heightened the awareness of us immeasurably."

It is that type of programming risk -- exemplified again this past summer with
Arena Football -- that most easily separates ESPN from network sports
departments.

"Networks are less willing to take as many chances," said NBC Sports' executive
producer, Michael Weisman. "It's almost as if ESPN is off-Broadway for a lot of
sports. They play ESPN first, and if it works there, bring it to the networks.
Take yachting. Before ESPN did the America's Cup, we weren't planning to do much
yachting at the '88 Olympics. Now we are."

ESPN paid $ 153 million for its three-year NFL package. For a network that
produces less than $ 100 million annually in advertising revenues, that cost
might seem prohibitive. But ESPN scored another first in landing the NFL --
getting cable operators to pay an added 9.5 cents per subscriber per month to
participate in the football telecasts. And nearly all of ESPN's 17,000
cable-system affiliates signed up.

"It's been clear to us that the cable operators wanted to acquire some
high-marquee, mass-appeal programming for some time," Grimes said.

Grimes reasoned to cable operators that the NFL would help retain and add
subscribers and that, with ESPN doubling the amount of advertising time the
systems could sell, "it would really put them in the local ad sales market for
the first time."

With ESPN's NFL preseason games getting the biggest sports ratings in cable
history, ESPN is eager to see what its regular season package, which debuts with
the New England Patriots-New York Giants game Nov. 8, will do.

Beyond the NFL, ESPN now is looking toward other plums. "Only a few things elude
us," Grimes said.

Among those things are major league baseball and the NBA. Before the most recent
NFL contract was signed, network executives scoffed at the possibility of cable
getting a part of the deal. But the skepticism is ending. "I'd be shocked if
ESPN wasn't involved with baseball in 1990," said a CBS Sports executive who
asked not to be named.

"Down the road," Grubbs said, "you'll see ESPN get a piece of the baseball
contract and they'll be a much stronger contender when the NBA contract is up
for renewal."

Baseball's contract with NBC and ABC runs through 1989, as does the NBA's
contract with CBS and WTBS, ESPN's biggest rival for cable sports rights.

Said Weisman: "ESPN has become a major force in the sports scene."

"My dream," Grimes said, "would be to have the entire NCAA basketball tournament
on ESPN. Maybe that's just a dream."

Maybe it is. But who's to say about a network that debuted with coverage of the
slow-pitch softball championships and is showing NFL football less than 100
months later?


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, ESPN PRESIDENT BILL GRIMES: "WE'RE LIKE A SPECIAL INTEREST
MAGAZINE."

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1987 The Washington Post


                              563 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 19, 1994, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Classical Music in Review

BYLINE: By James R. Oestreich

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 14;  Column 3;  Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 260 words



St. Louis Symphony Orchestra
Carnegie Hall

O.K., so James Galway wants us to see his serious side. Well, here he was on St.
Patrick's Eve, hamming it up in a green bow tie and pocket square, waving at the
crowd and finishing off a pops routine with Rimsky-Korsakov's "Flight of the
Bumblebee." But say this: he didn't do "Danny Boy."

None of this is to belittle Mr. Galway's initiatives in commissioning new music
for the flute. Here, on Wednesday evening, he gave the New York premiere of
William Bolcom's "Lyric Concerto," itself a popsy portrait of Mr. Galway. (The
first movement is "Leprechaun.") Mr. Bolcom can spread the blarney as well as
the next guy (even this next guy), but the concerto proved surprisingly bereft
of his usual sparkling wit and mordant edge. And Mr. Galway's playing seemed
heavy and effortful at times, not only here but also in his own reorchestration
of Francois Borne's "Carmen" Fantasy, after Bizet; at other times, he sang with
fluid grace.

Leonard Slatkin and the St. Louis Symphony opened with Vaughan Williams's
Fantasy on a Theme by Thomas Tallis and closed with Strauss's "Heldenleben." Mr.
Slatkin laid a portentous weight on Vaughan Williams's antic melancholy. His
deliberation seemed better placed in the Strauss, though even there the Hero
seemed to have withdrawn from the world somewhat before the end.

The orchestra played pointedly and well through the evening. Nina Bodnar, its
concertmaster, gave a good yet earthbound account of the violin solos in the
Strauss.
   JAMES R. OESTREICH

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              564 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            September 3, 2012 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Politics warps a straight arrow; Romney's quest for power knows no depths of
dishonesty

BYLINE: Dan Gardner, Postmedia News

SECTION: IDEAS; Dan Gardner; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 1166 words


Being a dour man with a taste for hyperbole, H.L. Mencken exaggerated for bleak
effect when he wrote that "the saddest life is that of a political aspirant
under democracy. His failure is ignominious and his success disgraceful."

There are sadder lives. And not every candidate must suffer ignominy or
disgrace.

But then there's Mitt Romney. Mencken's famous dictum applies with such eerie
precision to the man it's almost as if Mencken wrote it to be chiselled on
Romney's tombstone.

Set aside present politics for the moment and try to imagine you had read a
profile of Romney years before he began his long march to the Republican
candidacy. Do you respect and admire him?

Almost certainly. I don't think anyone can seriously doubt that Mitt Romney is
intelligent and diligent. Yes, he was born into wealth and privilege, but it is
also true that he worked ferociously hard, and took considerable risks, to
become as rich as he is.

Nor can anyone belittle his managerial competence. He really did turn the Salt
Lake Olympics around. And in Massachusetts, Romney was a pragmatic, careful,
astute governor who got results while maintaining ethical standards.

In his personal life, Romney is such a Ned Flanders that revelations of
hypocrisy - a nasty coffee habit, say, or the occasional flirtatious wink at a
secretary - would be, even in this jaded age, genuinely shocking. And his
uprightness extends beyond self-denial.

As the novelist Walter Kirn described in a moving essay in the New Republic -
Confessions of an ex-Mormon - Romney's Mormon church is much more than the
expositor of dubious metaphysical beliefs. It is a deeply supportive community,
imbued with a culture of cheerful communalism in which helping out is just
something folks do. In his personal life, that's how Romney has lived. The man
is the perfect neighbour. I'd be thrilled if he moved in next door. Anyone would
be.

Yes, one can object, quite reasonably, that some of Romney's work with Bain
Capital, and his clever handling of assets to minimize tax liabilities, was
ethically dubious, if not downright sleazy. But Romney was only working within a
paradigm he learned at Harvard's business school and the highest circles of
American capitalism, and within that framework his business behaviour was as
straight and honest as his personal behaviour.

Others made the rules. Romney followed them. He always does.

But now let's get back to politics. In that field, Mitt Romney, straight arrow,
pillar of rectitude, has been as slippery and flexible as an eel. He has
campaigned as a moderate, a pragmatist, even a liberal. He has campaigned as
conservative one long shot of Ted Nugent's bow to the right of Ronald Reagan. He
has been prochoice, pro-life, pro-whatever the hell the polls say he needs to be
to win. His greatest accomplishment as governor of Massachusetts was
implementing a policy that ensured health care for everyone in the state, yet he
is now campaigning to win the White House by fiercely attacking ObamaCare, which
is essentially the same policy implemented by Barack Obama at the federal level.

And that may be the least dishonest aspect of the Romney campaign.

"There is nobody in this country who got rich on his own," Barack Obama said in
a campaign speech a while back. "You built a factory out there? Good for you.
But I want to be clear: you moved your goods on roads the rest of us paid for;
you hired workers the rest of us paid to educate; you were safe in your factory
because of police forces and fire forces that the rest of us paid for." So far,
so indisputably true.

But then Obama added that any successful person had help along the line. "There
was a great teacher somewhere in your life. Somebody helped to create this
unbelievable American system that we have that allowed you to thrive. Somebody
invested in roads and bridges. If you've got a business - you didn't build that.
Somebody else made that happen."

It is painfully obvious that the "that" Obama was referring to was "roads and
bridges." It is equally obvious that Obama said absolutely nothing that Mitt
Romney doesn't agree with. Not only did journalists dig up old video of Romney
making much the same point, but what Obama said is almost a summary of the
Mormon communal ethic. One of the church's oldest symbols is a beehive. The idea
of the completely independent, strictly self-made man is utterly alien to
Romney's faith.

But still, this was an opportunity. After carefully editing out the context that
reveals Obama's real meaning, the Romney campaign turned Obama saying "if you've
got a business - you didn't build that" into the centrepiece of the war to make
Mitt Romney president. It was even the theme of the Republican convention, with
speaker after speaker using it to charge up the audience. Even Ann Romney did
it. "He did build that!" she said about her husband's success. The crowd roared.

It's a lie. It's a blatant lie. And it's inconceivable that Romney doesn't know
it.

And that's typical of his whole campaign. There have been several, astonishingly
mendacious attacks like the "you didn't build that" line. Each time, independent
observers hammered the campaign. And each time, Romney officials shrugged.
"We're not going to let our campaign be dictated by fact-checkers," said a
Romney pollster. Wednesday night, when Romney's running-mate Paul Ryan delivered
his convention speech, observers didn't know whether to be more impressed by
Ryan's smooth style or the possibly unprecedented number of indisputable
falsehoods Ryan uttered.

The Romney campaign has entered a post-modern world where there is no "truth,"
only powers contesting to have their claims accepted as true by the gullible who
still believe two plus two always and only equals four.

The nadir - or what one hopes was the nadir - was reached at a campaign stop in
Michigan. "No one's ever asked to see my birth certificate," Romney declared,
standing beside his wife. "They know that this is the place that we were born
and raised."

Romney later claimed this despicable nod to "birthers" - the frighteningly large
number of crackpots who still insist, despite abundant evidence, that Obama
wasn't born in the United States - was simply a little joke that wasn't intended
to suggest anything at all. But it was clearly a scripted line. And no one who
knows anything about American politics could have failed to spot the subtext.

Of course worse sins have been committed in electoral politics. And no
politician wins office with perfectly clean hands, as Mencken noted.

No, what's truly remarkable about Mitt Romney's scurrilous campaign, and his
political career, is how unlike Mitt Romney they are. Has there ever been such a
good man who behaved so badly to win office?

But this decent, diligent, intelligent man must believe he is only doing what is
required to succeed in politics. He didn't create the rules. He is only
following them, as he does in every aspect of his life.

He may be right. In any event, on Nov. 6, ignominy or disgrace await.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Brendan Smialowski, AFP, Getty Images; Mitt Romney speaks at the 2012
Republican National Convention in Tampa, Fla. The Romney campaign has entered a
post-modern world where there is no "truth," only gullible voters.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              565 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                            January 13, 2012 Friday

Romney a much better candidate this time around

SECTION: Pg. A10

LENGTH: 648  words


MANCHESTER, N.H.

It's going to be mean and dispiriting, this campaign. We'll be assailed with
talk of "European socialism" and "vulture capitalism" - not "hope" and "change"
- and the months between now and November will seem an eternity.

There's no use trying to gainsay or belittle Mitt Romney's victory here Tuesday.
Yes, he might have hoped for a bigger turnout. Yes, he would have been happier
to win with at least 40 percent of the vote, rather than 39-point-whatever. And
yes, given that he's a part-time resident of New Hampshire, he was always
expected to dominate the contest.

None of this is likely to matter. Romney is the first non-incumbent Republican
to open two-for-two, winning both Iowa and New Hampshire. Exit polls show him
with decent support among all the GOP's diverse constituencies - and no glaring
weaknesses. It's true that most Republicans would prefer someone else, but
there's no agreement on who that someone else might be. By the time the
anti-Romney forces get organized, he'll be giving his acceptance speech.

Rick Santorum, whom Romney beat in the Iowa caucuses by just eight votes, was a
non-factor here. He ended up battling Newt Gingrich in a neck-and-neck,
down-to-the-wire, photo-finish contest for ... fourth place. Romney got twice as
many votes as Santorum and Gingrichcombined.

Jon Huntsman staked everything on New Hampshire, and by the end of the evening
he was able to claim, well, certainly not victory but perhaps survival. He ended
up with all of 17 percent. "I'd say third place is a ticket to ride, ladies and
gentlemen," he told his supporters. They shouldn't pack for a long journey.

Romney's toughest competitor turned out to be Ron Paul, who's not actually
running a campaign but rather a crusade. He used his speech Tuesday night to
explain why the Federal Reserve is a nexus of pure evil, why compassionate
government is invariably cruel and why virtually all events beyond U.S. borders
can be blithely ignored. I know Romney's not the most dazzling campaigner, but I
think he can take this guy.

Nobody dropped out of the race, not even poor Rick Perry, who didn't really
compete and ended up with less than 1 percent. All the candidates vowed to press
on to South Carolina, where they seem determined to split the anti-Romney vote
once again, giving the front-runner another easy win.

If the pattern continues, Romney can't lose - no matter how hard he tries. With
his record at the private equity firm Bain Capital already under intense
scrutiny, Romney's declaration that "I like being able to fire people who
provide services to me" could only have arisen from some kind of political death
wish. Yes, he was talking about firing insurance companies, not individual
workers. But how couldanysentence containing the phrases "I like" and "fire
people" escape his lips?

This will surely be a major line of attack against him if he wins the
nomination. Thanks partly to Gingrich, the "vulture" variety of capitalism that
Bain practiced is now an issue for President Obama to exploit.

Four years ago, Mike Huckabee compared himself to Romney by saying that "I want
to be a president who reminds you of the guy you work with, not the guy who laid
you off." At times, Romney still comes off as the bad-news guy from Human
Resources.

But he's a much better candidate this time around. And now, as he showed Tuesday
night, he has a speech.

Romney's victory address did not soar, but it was hard-hitting and potentially
effective. It consisted of one attack after another on Obama and his record, and
the basic theme was that the president wants to make our society more European
in the way it provides social welfare. Romney boldly frames the campaign as a
battle for the nation's soul.

Administration officials always believed Romney would be Obama's toughest
opponent. They're right. Listening to Romney's skillfully chosen words, I
thought: Game on.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              566 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                           January 12, 2012 Thursday

Eugene Robinson: If pattern continues, Romney can't lose

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 728 words


MANCHESTER, N.H.   It's going to be mean and dispiriting, this campaign. We'll
be assailed with talk of "European socialism" and "vulture capitalism"   not
"hope" and "change"   and the months between now and November will seem an
eternity.

There's no use trying to gainsay or belittle Mitt Romney's victory here Tuesday.
Yes, he might have hoped for a bigger turnout. Yes, he would have been happier
to win with at least 40 percent of the vote, rather than 39-point-whatever. And
yes, given that he's a part-time resident of New Hampshire, he was always
expected to dominate the contest.

None of this is likely to matter. Romney is the first non-incumbent Republican
to open two-for-two, winning both Iowa and New Hampshire. Exit polls show him
with decent support among all the GOP's diverse constituencies   and no glaring
weaknesses. It's true that most Republicans would prefer someone else, but
there's no agreement on who that someone else might be. By the time the
anti-Romney forces get organized, he'll be giving his acceptance speech.

Rick Santorum, whom Romney beat in the Iowa caucuses by just eight votes, was a
non-factor here. He ended up battling Newt Gingrich in a neck-and-neck,
down-to-the-wire, photo-finish contest for ... fourth place. Romney got twice as
many votes as Santorum and Gingrich combined. Guys, that's no way to take down a
front-runner.

Jon Huntsman staked everything on New Hampshire, and by the end of the evening
he was able to claim, well, certainly not victory but perhaps survival. He ended
up with all of 17 percent. "I'd say third place is a ticket to ride, ladies and
gentlemen," he told his supporters. They shouldn't pack for a long journey.

Romney's toughest competitor turned out to be Ron Paul, who's not actually
running a campaign but rather a crusade. He used his speech Tuesday night to
explain why the Federal Reserve is a nexus of pure evil, why compassionate
government is invariably cruel and why virtually all events beyond U.S. borders
can be blithely ignored. I know Romney's not the most dazzling campaigner, but I
think he can take this guy.

Nobody dropped out of the race, not even poor Rick Perry, who didn't really
compete and ended up with less than 1 percent. All the candidates vowed to press
on to South Carolina, where they seem determined to split the anti-Romney vote
once again, giving the front-runner another easy win.

If the pattern continues, Romney can't lose   no matter how hard he tries. With
his record at the private equity firm Bain Capital already under intense
scrutiny, Romney's declaration that "I like being able to fire people who
provide services to me" could only have arisen from some kind of political death
wish. Yes, he was talking about firing insurance companies, not individual
workers. But how could any sentence containing the phrases "I like" and "fire
people" escape his lips?

This will surely be a major line of attack against him if he wins the
nomination. Thanks partly to Gingrich, the "vulture" variety of capitalism that
Bain practiced   often involving cost-cutting, downsizing and layoffs   is now
an issue for President Obama to exploit.

Romney's initial reaction to the criticism has been all wrong. He claims that to
question Bain's way of doing business is to question free-market capitalism
itself. But nothing in free-market theory outlaws compassion or mandates that
firings be considered a source of joy.

Four years ago, Mike Huckabee compared himself to Romney by saying that "I want
to be a president who reminds you of the guy you work with, not the guy who laid
you off." At times, Romney still comes off as the bad-news guy from Human
Resources.

But he's a much better candidate this time around. And now, as he showed Tuesday
night, he has a speech.

Romney's victory address did not soar, but it was hard-hitting and potentially
effective. It consisted of one attack after another on Obama and his record, and
the basic theme was that the president wants to make our society more European
in the way it provides social welfare. Romney boldly   and, to be sure, unfairly
frames the campaign as a battle for the nation's soul.

Administration officials always believed Romney would be Obama's toughest
opponent. They're right. Listening to Romney's skillfully chosen words, I
thought: Game on.

Eugene Robinson's email address is eugenerobinson@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              567 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           January 12, 2012 Thursday
                                Regional Edition

Romney and Obama: The battle is on

BYLINE: Eugene Robinson

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 720 words

DATELINE: MANCHESTER, N.H.


MANCHESTER, N.H.

It's going to be mean and dispiriting, this campaign. We'll be assailed with
talk of "European socialism" and "vulture capitalism" -  not "hope" and "change"
- and the months between now and November will seem an eternity.

There's no use trying to gainsay or belittle Mitt Romney's victory here Tuesday.
Yes, he might have hoped for a bigger turnout. Yes, he would have been happier
to win with at least 40 percent of the vote, rather than 39-point-whatever. And
yes, given that he's a part-time resident of New Hampshire, he was always
expected to dominate the contest.

None of this is likely to matter. Romney is the first non-incumbent Republican
to open two-for-two, winning both Iowa and New Hampshire. Exit polls show him
with decent support among all the GOP's diverse constituencies - and no glaring
weaknesses. It's true that most Republicans would prefer someone else, but
there's no agreement on who that someone else might be. By the time the
anti-Romney forces get organized, he'll be giving his acceptance speech.

Rick Santorum, whom Romney beat in the Iowa caucuses by just eight votes, was a
non-factor here. He ended up battling Newt Gingrich in a neck-and-neck,
down-to-the-wire, photo-finish contest for . . . fourth place. Romney got twice
as many votes as Santorum and Gingrich combined. Guys, that's no way to take
down a front-runner.

Jon Huntsman staked everything on New Hampshire, and by the end of the evening
he was able to claim, well, certainly not victory but perhaps survival. He ended
up with all of 17 percent. "I'd say third place is a ticket to ride, ladies and
gentlemen," he told his supporters. They shouldn't pack for a long journey.

Romney's toughest competitor turned out to be Ron Paul, who's running not a
campaign but a crusade. He used his speech Tuesday night to explain why the
Federal Reserve is a nexus of pure evil, why compassionate government is
invariably cruel and why virtually all events beyond U.S. borders can be
blithely ignored. I know Romney's not the most dazzling campaigner, but I think
he can take this guy.

Nobody dropped out of the race, not even poor Rick Perry, who didn't really
compete and ended up with less than 1 percent. All the candidates vowed to press
on to South Carolina, where they seem determined to split the anti-Romney vote
once again, giving the front-runner another easy win.

If the pattern continues, Romney can't lose - no matter how hard he tries. With
his record at the private equity firm Bain Capital already under intense
scrutiny, Romney's declaration that "I like being able to fire people who
provide services to me" could only have arisen from some kind of political death
wish. Yes, he was talking about firing insurance companies, not individual
workers. But how could any sentence containing the phrases "I like" and "fire
people" escape his lips?

This will surely be a major line of attack against him if he wins the
nomination. Thanks partly to Gingrich, the "vulture" variety of capitalism that
Bain practiced - often involving cost-cutting, downsizing and layoffs - is now
an issue for President Obama to exploit.

Romney's initial reaction to the criticism has been all wrong. He claims that to
question Bain's way of doing business is to question free-market capitalism
itself. But nothing in free-market theory outlaws compassion or mandates that
firings be considered a source of joy.

Four years ago, Mike Huckabee compared himself to Romney by saying that "I want
to be a president who reminds you of the guy you work with, not the guy who laid
you off." At times, Romney still comes off as the bad-news guy from Human
Resources.

But he's a much better candidate this time around. And now, as he showed Tuesday
night, he has a speech.

Romney's victory address did not soar, but it was hard-hitting and potentially
effective. It consisted of one attack after another on Obama and his record, and
the basic theme was that the president wants to make our society more European
in the way it provides social welfare. Romney boldly - and, to be sure, unfairly
- frames the campaign as a battle for the nation's soul.

Administration officials always believed that Romney would be Obama's toughest
opponent. They're right. Listening to Romney's skillfully chosen words, I
thought: Game on.

eugenerobinson@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              568 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            March 26, 2014 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Court Hears Appeal by Scholar's Son

BYLINE: By JOHN LELAND

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 697 words


The ancient religious texts have much to say about the divine obligations of a
son toward his father, but they are silent on the propriety of using computers,
blogs, pseudonyms and Internet sock puppets to fulfill them. For this, there is
only the law.

On Tuesday, New York's highest court, the Court of Appeals, heard arguments in
Albany applying the law to Raphael Haim Golb of Greenwich Village, in Manhattan,
who for three years used the electronic means at his disposal to impersonate,
belittle and accuse the academic rivals of his father, a controversial Dead Sea
Scrolls scholar. The law in this case dealt Mr. Golb, 54, a felony conviction
and 28 misdemeanor convictions for identity theft, criminal impersonation,
forgery, aggravated harassment and unauthorized use of a computer.

In non-biblical terms, Mr. Golb was looking at six months' incarceration and
five years of probation. Thus the appeal to a higher court.

His lawyer, Ronald L. Kuby, argued that Mr. Golb's actions -- which included
creating 80 pseudonymous characters to disparage his father's rivals, and
creating email addresses with rivals' names to confess to wrongdoing -- were
protected by the First Amendment, annoying but not criminal.

Vincent Rivellese, representing the state, argued that Mr. Golb's email and blog
campaigns were clearly intended to harass and annoy, and therefore constituted
criminal harassment.

Huge swaths of the Internet are dedicated to people annoying one another, making
parodies of their enemies or impersonating, say, Sarah Palin or Paris Hilton.
How much of this, the seven justices asked the lawyers, should be illegal? When
does annoying become criminal?

Mr. Golb's online campaign was chiefly directed at his father's most bitter
rival, Lawrence H. Schiffman, who was chairman of Jewish studies at New York
University. Dr. Schiffman and Mr. Golb's father, Norman Golb, a professor at the
University of Chicago, have published opposing theories about the origins of the
Dead Sea Scrolls: Dr. Schiffman says they were written by a Jewish sect, the
Essenes, who lived near the caves where they were found; Dr. Golb says the
scrolls were probably written by many different groups and collected and hidden
in the caves during a Roman war. The scholarly community has sided with Dr.
Schiffman; Dr. Golb is largely an outlier.

In 2008, Raphael Golb began sending email messages in Dr. Schiffman's name,
apparently confessing to having plagiarized the work of Dr. Golb. Recipients
included other scholars, N.Y.U. officials and Dr. Schiffman's graduate students,
at least one of whom believed the email was genuine.

During his relentless three-year battle, Mr. Golb, who has a Ph.D. from Harvard
and a law degree from N.Y.U., once described himself to a relative as ''a
dedicated, in-the-know adversary who is out to get them, and there's simply
nothing they can do about it.''

In court, Mr. Kuby portrayed his client in a less sinister light, a pest who
intended neither to benefit from his actions nor to damage his father's rivals.
He said Mr. Golb's victims should seek a remedy in civil court, not criminal
court.

''Are you really saying this is legal, to send emails in my name, confessing to
the assassination of President Kennedy or whatever?'' Judge Robert S. Smith
asked.

''I wouldn't,'' Mr. Kuby said. ''But it would not be criminal. Would it be rude
and boorish? Yes.''

What would make it illegal? Mr. Kuby was asked.

Economic benefit, he said. Merely getting ''psychic joy'' and ''savage
pleasure'' did not count. ''Intent to annoy, intent to be obnoxious -- that, in
and of itself, cannot be criminalized.''

Mr. Rivellese countered that Mr. Golb's behavior was clearly malicious and
criminal, intended to mislead recipients and damage Dr. Schiffman's career.

Judge Eugene F. Pigott Jr. pushed the point with Mr. Kuby, asking whether it
would be all right for someone to pretend to be Alex Rodriguez and confess to
using banned steroids, which Mr. Rodriguez has denied.

''I don't actually see a criminal problem with that,'' Mr. Kuby said.

The ancient texts are silent on the question of steroids and suspensions. On the
conviction for impersonating a scholar, the judges will decide.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/03/26/nyregion/court-hears-appeal-by-son-of-scholar-
on-dead-sea-scrolls.html

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Raphael Golb was convicted of forgery and other crimes.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY ANNIE LING FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              569 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                           October 31, 2015 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Magnificent seven would shine in NFL

BYLINE: Rick Broadbent

SECTION: THE SCRUM;SPORT; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 627 words


American football scouts will be watching today's World Cup final with covetous
eyes, according to a two-time Super Bowl winner.

Osi Umenyiora, the London-born former New York Giant, said that he felt seven of
today's finalists could be capable of switching sports. "The NFL teams look
everywhere," he said. "They will go to the end of the earth to find talented
players to help them win. I think it's inevitable some rugby players will cross
over."

Having announced his retirement in August, Umenyiora will be at Wembley tomorrow
to attend the last match of this year's NFL international series between Kansas
City Chiefs and the Detroit Lions. He said several of England's illfated squad
had stood out for him, but thinks that today's match at Twickenham will be a
showcase for the players who are best placed to make the grade.

The prospect of a London NFL franchise - "it's not far away" - will boost the
appeal of rugby converts, while money could be the head-turning factor for the
players, with routine salaries of $10 million (about £6.5 million). "They would
be doing themselves a disservice if they did not at least make an attempt,"
Umenyiora said. "I'm not trying to belittle rugby because it is a fantastic
sport, but the amount of damage they are doing to their bodies, I don't see why
they should not reap the dividends."

Here Umenyiora runs the rule over the men he thinks could make the grade if they
switched to the NFL.

Michael Hooper, Australia Safety Certain NFL teams will sacrifice size in favour
of speed and running ability. Hooper would be smaller than many defenders on the
field but is explosive in defence. He also has the great endurance that is
required in the position and great ability to read the offense's intentions.

David Pocock, Australia Linebacker You have to cover a lot of ground as
linebacker and during the tournament he has consistently covered the most for
the Australian team. He is great defensively and he tackles ferociously.

Israel Folau, Australia Wide receiver Folau is one of the players who has the
natural physique for the NFL. Having played in the NRL as a full back and in the
same position in union he has great "hang-time" and fabulous hands, rarely
dropping the ball. He has the height, the size, power and terrific speed.

Kieran Read, New Zealand Safety Read would be different from Hooper and, while a
bit slower, he has great pace for a man of his size. He has a long reach and
from what I have seen has great endurance and really gets around the rugby
pitch. His size and strength make him a great defender.

Nehe Milner-Skudder, New Zealand Running back He has been a revelation. Not many
people knew of him before the tournament but the All Blacks have found a star.
His low centre of gravity and explosive running power are huge advantages. He
also has great hands. His skills remind me of the Chiefs running back Jamaal
Charles.

Julian Savea, New Zealand Tight end Savea is a beast. While someone like Folau
is lean and wiry, Savea is thicker and has immense power. His size and strength
make him hard to stop and his physical gifts mean you could use him as a blocker
on offense.

Sonny Bill Williams, New Zealand Tight end or wide receiver This guy must be one
of the most gifted sportsmen on the planet. The guy has size, power, aggression,
great hands, a great step, strong hand-off. His physical gifts remind me of
Detroit Lions wide receiver, Calvin Johnson, or "Megatron" as he is known in
NFL.

? The NFL signed a ten-year deal with Tottenham Hotspur this summer to host a
minimum of two regular-season NFL games a season at the club's new ground. The
matches will be played from 2018 on an artificial surface beneath the normal
pitch. Tomorrow's match is the 14th NFL fixture to be staged at Wembley.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Umenyiora believes it is inevitable that some of rugby's top players
will be lured to play in the NFL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2015 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              570 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                           October 31, 2015 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Magnificent seven would shine in NFL

BYLINE: Rick Broadbent

SECTION: THE SCRUM;SPORT; Pg. 14,15

LENGTH: 783 words


American football scouts will be watching today's World Cup final with covetous
eyes, according to a twotime Super Bowl winner.

Osi Umenyiora, the London-born former New York Giant, said that he felt seven of
today's finalists could be capable of switching sports to play in the United
States. "The NFL teams look everywhere," he said. "They will go to the end of
the earth to find talented players to help them win. I think it's inevitable
some rugby players will cross over."

Having announced his retirement in August, Umenyiora will be at Wembley tomorrow
to attend the last match of this year's NFL international series between Kansas
City Chiefs and the Detroit Lions. He said several of England's ill-fated squad
had stood out for him, but thinks that today's match at Twickenham will be a
showcase for the players who are best placed to make the grade.

The prospect of a London NFL franchise - "it's not far away" - will boost the
appeal of rugby converts, while money could be the head-turning factor for the
players, with routine salaries of $10 million (about £6.5 million). "They would
be doing themselves a disservice if they did not at least make an attempt,"
Umenyiora said. "I'm not trying to belittle rugby because it is a fantastic
sport, but the amount of damage they are doing to their bodies, I don't see why
they should not reap the dividends."

Here Umenyiora runs the rule over the men he thinks could make the grade if they
switched to the NFL.

Michael Hooper, Australia Safety

Certain NFL teams will sacrifice size in favour of speed and running ability.
Hooper would be smaller than many defenders on the field but is explosive in
defence. He also has the great endurance that is required in the position and
great ability to read the offense's intentions.

David Pocock, Australia Linebacker

Pocock could make an interesting linebacker. You have to cover a lot of ground
in that position and during the tournament he has consistently covered the most
for the Australian team. He is great defensively, with strong instincts and an
ability to read the offensive line. And he tackles ferociously.

Israel Folau, Australia Wide receiver

Folau is one of the players who has the natural physique for the NFL. Having
played in the NRL as a full back and in the same position in union he has great
"hang-time" and fabulous hands, rarely dropping the ball. He would match up well
against many wide receivers. He has the height, the size, power and terrific
speed.

Kieran Read, New Zealand Safety

I would test him at safety. Read would be different from Hooper and, while a bit
slower, he has great pace for a man of his size. He has a long reach and from
what I have seen has great endurance and really gets around the rugby pitch. His
size and strength make him a great defender.

Nehe Milner-Skudder, New Zealand Running back

He has been a revelation. Not many people knew of him before the tournament but
the All Blacks have found a star. He is the right size to play running back and
is elusive, has a great step and is deceptively strong. His low centre of
gravity and explosive running power are huge advantages. He also has great
hands. His skills remind me of the Chiefs running back Jamaal Charles, who is
one of the best in the NFL.

Julian Savea, New Zealand Tight end

Savea is a beast. While someone like Folau is lean and wiry, Savea is thicker
and has immense power. I think he'd make a great tight end. His size and
strength make him hard to stop and his physical gifts mean you could use him as
a blocker on offense.

Sonny Bill Williams, New Zealand

Tight end or wide receiver

This guy must be one of the most gifted sportsmen on the planet. The guy has
size, power, aggression, great hands, a great step, strong hand-off. He has
played both rugby codes and also became a boxing champion, so he clearly has the
ability to pick up most sports without much of an adaptation period. His
physical gifts remind me of Detroit Lions wide receiver, Calvin Johnson, or
'Megatron' as he is known to the NFL world.

The NFL signed a 10-year deal with Tottenham Hotspur this summer to host a
minimum of two regular-season NFL games a season at the club's new ground. The
matches will be played from 2018 on an artificial surface beneath the normal
pitch. Tomorrow's match is the 14th NFL fixture to be staged at Wembley.

KNOCKOUT STAGE QUARTER-FINAL 1 South Africa 23 Wales 19 QUARTER-FINAL 2 New
Zealand 62 France 13 QUARTER-FINAL 3 Ireland 20 Argentina 43 QUARTER-FINAL 4
Australia 35 Scotland 34 SEMI-FINAL 1 South Africa 18 New Zealand 20 SEMI-FINAL
2 Argentina 15 Australia 29 THE FINAL New Zealand Australia Today Twickenham 4pm
BRONZE MATCH Argentina - South Africa *Last night, Olympic Stadium 8pm

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Umenyiora believes it is inevitable that some of rugby's top players
will be lured to make the switch by the rewards on offer in the NFLWilliams has
the physical attributes needed to make an impression at tight end or wide
receiver if he decides to try his luck in the NFL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2015 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              571 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           February 1, 2007 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

THE INSIDE SCOOP

SECTION: NATION/WORLD; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 657 words


Clubs Open The World Of Luxury To Their Members

For years, Americans have rented tuxedos and vacation homes. Now, they have
similar access to such high-end items as diamonds, designer gowns and vehicles
such as Bentleys.

Tiers allow rental club members to control their level of luxury and expense,
making borrowing more appealing, and certainly more accessible, whether you're
middle class or ultrarich.

Membership has benefits beyond variety, lower cost and potential upgrades. At
Club Sportiva, for example, members mingle at cigar parties and take wine
country road trips.

BayLife, Page 1

oClub Sportiva membership has tripled in the past year. The four-year-old
company that started in San Francisco now has satellites in Las Vegas, New York
and Munich, Germany. (It's mum on the locations of two satellites opening this
year.)

oMembers of Bag Borrow or Steal, a handbag rental Web site, were recently given
access to high-end jewelry.

Quiet Leadership Gains Favor

Workplace managers who scream at and belittle employees should pay close
attention during the Super Bowl.

They won't see that kind of behavior from the coaches Sunday, when the
Indianapolis Colts play the Chicago Bears for football's highest trophy. Colts
head coach Tony Dungy and the Bears' Lovie Smith don't curse or sarcastically
chew out players, which makes them stand out in the National Football League's
scream-and-holler culture.

The two men think they can get their teams to compete more fiercely and score
more touchdowns by giving directives calmly and treating players with respect.
The presence of their teams in the game is proof positive to the approach.

oCEO screaming is certainly less in vogue than it was a decade ago, but here are
still many business executives who ridicule and scream at employees. As a
result, they undermine productivity, discourage innovation and may cause a
talent drain at their companies, said James Clifton, CEO of the Gallup
Organization.

oThe vice president of marketing at a Silicon Valley company attributes rapid
turnover at many West Coast technology companies to what he calls
"screaming-bully bosses."

oMargie Lubet, a Pittsburgh communications and marketing manager, distinguishes
between "bosses with a passionate point of view and belittlers who often want an
audience when screaming at you." Belittlers cause emotional distress because
they undermine confidence, she said. One of her bosses was like this. She said
she learned to let him vent while thinking, "What's really bothering him?"

Business, Page 1

Americans On A Binge

Frequent binge eating is the country's most common eating disorder, far
outpacing the better-known diet problems of anorexia and bulimia, according to a
national survey.

Psychiatric researchers at Harvard University Medical School and its affiliate,
McLean Psychiatric Hospital, have billed the study as the first national census
of eating disorders. The results were published today in the medical journal
Biological Psychiatry.

oThe survey found that 3.5 percent of women and 2 percent of men suffer from
binge eating, defined as bouts of uncontrolled eating, well past the point of
being full, that occur at least twice a week.

oThe doctors diagnosed fewer than 1 percent of women and 0.3 percent of men with
anorexia, a disorder in which an exaggerated fear of weight gain causes
undereating and malnourishment. The study determined that 1.5 percent of women
and 0.5 percent of men had bulimia, characterized by the "binge-purge" syndrome
of overeating followed by vomiting.

Nation/World, Page 8


CORRECTIONS

It is the policy of The Tampa Tribune to correct all errors of fact. To report
an error, call (813) 259-7600 or e-mail news@tampatrib.com.

Photo credit: McClatchy-Tribune

Photo: Members of luxury goods renter Club Sportiva have access to vehicles such
as the 911 Carrera 4S and Lamborghinis.

Copyright © 2007, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO 3

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              572 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     October 3, 2003, Friday, FINAL EDITION

ESPN's personal foul

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 24A

LENGTH: 409 words

When ESPN hired Rush Limbaugh in July to spice up a Sunday NFL talk show --
despite his lack of football savvy -- it cited the conservative radio
commentator's "acute sense" of what's on listeners' minds.

But thousands of vocal ESPN viewers made clear this week that they can speak far
more articulately for themselves. In fact, the racially tinged glasses through
which Limbaugh sees the world are so grossly distorted that they belittle
sports, fans and the whole notion of entertainment.


On Wednesday, Limbaugh resigned amid an uproar over his comments last Sunday
about Philadelphia Eagles star quarterback Donovan McNabb. Limbaugh suggested
that McNabb is overrated because the media want to see a black man succeed in
the position. Even as he quit, Limbaugh insisted his argument was factual.

Wrong, Rush. As NFL fans know, quarterbacks' careers aren't determined by media
reviews. Quarterbacks are rated by an NFL point system based on weekly
performance on the field. Look it up in the newspapers.

What's more, while Limbaugh still judges quarterbacks on their race, fans long
ago moved beyond a debate over groundless charges that blacks can't captain a
pro team.

In 1988, quarterback Doug Williams was named Super Bowl MVP for leading the
Washington Redskins to victory. This season, nine of 32 starting quarterbacks
are black, two of them the top-rated passers in the league. And while McNabb got
off to a slow start this year, he is widely acknowledged to be among the best
quarterbacks in football -- with the ratings to prove it.

Of course, accusing Rush Limbaugh of acting like Rush Limbaugh makes little
sense. His comments Sunday were a somewhat sanitized version of the same
offensive shtick he has peddled on radio for 15 years.

A better question is what ESPN thought his brand of commentary would add to a
football show. Perhaps the network was blinded by the big ratings promised by
Limbaugh's undeniable fan base. Last Sunday's audience of 2.1 million households
was the show's biggest in seven years.

That would explain why ESPN waited until late Wednesday to condemn the remarks.
By then, the network had received thousands of calls and e-mails, most negative.


ESPN says it hired Limbaugh as a "lightning rod" that would boost its audience.
And viewers tuned in for the heat that was sure to follow. Next time, ESPN might
want to rethink its motivations in inviting this kind of storm damage.

LOAD-DATE: October 06, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2003 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              573 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 26, 1996, Monday, Final Edition

Buchanan's Supporters Bristle With Ire for News Media

Howard Kurtz, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A07

LENGTH: 1449 words


The caller's name was Joyce, and she was happy that Patrick J. Buchanan had won
the New Hampshire primary. But her voice was tinged with resentment.

"We're honest people," she told New York's WOR radio. "We pay our taxes. And for
the elite media to continually tell me and my husband that we're right-wing
extremists, when we used to be considered the normal Americans 20 years ago. . .
. They try to belittle us, shame us, ridicule us in every way, and they do it
proudly. They're treating us like we're children, poor little peasants with no
brains."

The feeling of anger and disgust that people such as Joyce have toward the
mainstream media is raw and real. It came surging to the surface after
Buchanan's victory as many of his supporters decried what they see as an effort
by the establishment press to demonize the Republican presidential candidate as
a bigoted extremist.

"Most of my callers feel betrayed," said Jay Severin, a nationally syndicated
radio host who fielded Joyce's call. "They feel with the certainty that the sun
will rise tomorrow that there is a demonstrable liberal bias in the gathering
and presentation of the news. They feel the system is corrupt. What a few
conservatives used to rail against -- and we were sort of regarded as nutty for
saying so -- these people regard as an article of faith."

To be sure, any presidential candidate who does well in Iowa and New Hampshire
is instantly subjected to a greater degree of media scrutiny, as Buchanan has
been after a period of relatively gentle treatment by his former colleagues. The
nature of the coverage -- examining past controversial statements and quoting
critics, many of them Republicans -- is hardly unusual.

But to Buchanan enthusiasts, the harsh headlines -- such as "Preaching Fear"
(Newsweek) and "Evil" (the New Republic) -- smack of an effort by Washington
journalists and Washington politicians to derail a conservative candidate who
has confounded them by winning popular support.

Buchanan backers are so mad at the media that some are also mad at Rush
Limbaugh, dismissing him as part of the Republican establishment. The immensely
popular radio host has described his listeners as "the people whose most
heartfelt convictions have been dismissed, scorned and made fun of by the
mainstream media." But Limbaugh, who is close to House Speaker Newt Gingrich
(R-Ga.) and helped the Republicans win control of Congress in 1994, has drawn
flak in recent days for saying that Buchanan is not a real conservative.

In one e-mail message, Limbaugh said, a listener "threatened me, and said if you
succeed in taking Buchanan down and destroying this country in the process, then
I think you should know what we are going to do. . . . We will take the country
back by force. Lock and load!"

Said Severin, who is also a GOP political consultant: "They resent the press's
treatment of Buchanan, and by extension its treatment of them. Their attitude
is, 'I work hard; I pay taxes; I believe in God; I feel immigration is ruining
this country. And now I'm being told, I'm a nut? I'm an extremist?' "

So deep is their disaffection that some of these people bypass the mainstream
media entirely. They avoid newspapers, newsmagazines and the network news,
turning instead to talk radio, C-SPAN and the Internet in pursuit of what they
see as "unfiltered" information.

For a variety of reasons -- including boredom and a greater variety of choices
-- some people have been tuning out the dominant media. How many may be
disaffected conservatives is unclear. But network news viewership has dropped
from more than three-quarters of the audience to just over half in the last 15
years. Circulation at the New York Times, The Washington Post, the Los Angeles
Times and other major papers has declined in the last two years, and newspapers
have closed in New York, Baltimore, Houston, Pittsburgh, San Antonio and Little
Rock.

Many of those who resent the press dismiss explanations that bias is in the eye
of the beholder -- that is, that conservatives dislike so-called objective news
because it doesn't conform to their opinions. Although the Whitewater story was
broken by the New York Times in 1992 and has received prominent coverage since
early 1994, these critics insist the mainstream press is deliberately playing
down or suppressing the Whitewater case to help President Clinton.

Bill Cunningham, a Cincinnati radio host, points to Whitewater in describing
reporters as "the Clintons' lap dogs." He said that "the media loves to
fricassee the right while praising left-wing socialists like Hillary Clinton.
It's incredible.

"I'd bet 80 percent of my calls are about a Dan Rather raised eyebrow or Peter
Jennings smirk when talking about Newt Gingrich, or a Tom Brokaw guffaw when
speaking about Bob Dole. The media itself drives people toward talk radio. Their
agenda is to make sure as many Democrats as possible stay in office because they
share their beliefs. My agenda is to elect as many conservatives as possible,
except my prejudices are up-front and theirs are hidden behind a toothy grin."

Such attitudes echo across cyberspace, where Internet discussion groups often
are dominated by debates about the press. "People are getting their information
elsewhere. . . . They don't need the liberal media to 'think' for them or be
their 'conscience,' " one computer user said.

"The press and the networks consistently present one-sided (and irresponsible)
coverage of the abortion debate," said another, "implicating all right-to-lifers
as crazed terrorists hell-bent on blowing up abortionists. . . . I think we can
take heart from the fact that the network news and the traditional liberal
dailies are becoming increasingly irrelevant."

Some politicians, particularly Republicans, encourage and exploit such attitudes
by castigating the media. Buchanan, a veteran columnist and commentator, last
week complained on Oliver North's radio show of "grossly unfair treatment from
the press." North, in his 1994 Senate campaign in Virginia, accused the media of
"character assassination" and said reporters can't "ever get it right." Gingrich
has said that newspaper editorial boards contain "socialists" and that the media
are populated by "a remarkably isolated group of people who are mostly left
wing." Even Clinton has complained of mistreatment by what he once called "the
knee-jerk liberal press."

Most journalists, while acknowledging flaws in their profession, reject the
notion that news coverage is driven by ideology. "It's one of the great
political myths, press bias," Rather, the CBS anchor, said on Tom Snyder's "Late
Late Show." "Most reporters are interested in a story. Most reporters don't know
whether they're Democrat or Republican and vote every which way."

But there is growing disagreement on that score from within the ranks of
journalism. At Rather's own network, correspondent Bernard Goldberg recently
wrote in the Wall Street Journal that the charge of liberal bias in television
news "is so blatantly true that it's hardly worth discussing anymore." Michael
Barone, a U.S. News & World Report columnist, said in the American Enterprise
Institute magazine that "the overall culture of newsrooms . . . keeps heading
further left."

At the same time, conservatives who believe the press was too rough on President
Ronald Reagan and is too soft on Clinton have been joined by those who simply
resent the elements of intrusiveness, sensationalism and "spin" in today's media
culture.

"The group of people who hate the press has been growing," said Robert Lichter,
director of the Center for Media and Public Affairs, whose books include "The
Media Elite." "The complaint that reporters are pushing their own views, that
there's too much commentary, that they're telling us what to think -- that is on
the upsurge. People now think of the press as them, part of the political elite
that middle America is ticked off at. The efforts by the media to grab the
agenda away from the candidates has made things worse."

While conservatives have long resented national news organizations, Lichter
said, some liberals became equally upset at critical coverage of the Clinton
health plan. "There are people of all ideological stripes who are disaffected
because the media have gored their ox," he said.

For some, of course, media-bashing is also good business. On Severin's program
the other day, the conservative Western Journalism Center was hawking a $ 19.95
videotape about the death of White House aide Vincent Foster. "America needs to
learn all the facts about the Foster case -- the story the media won't cover,"
the narrator said.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              574 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 19, 1997, Friday, Late Edition - Final

RACE FOR CITY HALL: THE INCUMBENT;
Mayor Removes the Gloves And Laces Into Messinger

BYLINE: By DAVID FIRESTONE

SECTION: Section B; Page 6; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 932 words


Unleashing a formal assault on his newly named Democratic opponent, Mayor
Rudolph W. Giuliani began the general election campaign yesterday by ridiculing
Ruth W. Messinger for opposing his plan to regulate sex businesses in New York
City, and vowing to highlight differences between them every day until the Nov.
4 election.

Having been assailed for weeks by the five candidates in the Democratic primary,
Mr. Giuliani made it clear that he would no longer sit back and take the
criticism now that Ms. Messinger, the Manhattan Borough President, has been
certified by the Board of Elections as his opponent in the general election.

In truth, Mr. Giuliani has never been sparing in his criticism of Ms. Messinger,
but yesterday marked the beginning of the formal critique of her record that his
aides said he has long been eager to inaugurate.

Addressing an invited group of supporters and midtown business leaders in what
was billed as his first campaign speech, Mr. Giuliani used a series of sarcastic
asides to repeatedly belittle Ms. Messinger for stating in 1995 that adult
businesses can actually invigorate the quality of life of some neighborhoods in
the city.

"You think it lends character to the city," he said, as if directly addressing
Ms. Messinger in regard to sex shops. "There are people who think that, and they
are entitled to think it. I think it destroys the character of the city, and
there are people who are entitled to think that. And let's see who thinks that
more, people on your side or people on my side. That's what an election is
about, right?"

He also made a withering reference to her prediction that his adult zoning plan,
which became law in October 1995, would never hold up under constitutional
scrutiny. In July, a five-judge appeals panel approved the law, upholding an
earlier lower-court decision. The law is now on appeal to the state's highest
court.

"It was decided not by Ruth Messinger, but by a judge, which is the way we do it
in America," Mr. Giuliani said, producing raucous laughter and applause from the
audience of about 200 supporters in the New Victory Theater in Times Square.

In a letter to the City Planning Commission in July 1995, Ms. Messinger opposed
the Mayor's plan to drastically limit the number of sex businesses in the city
by stating, among other reasons, that such establishments have "invigorated" the
quality of life in gay neighborhoods like the West Village.

"The proposed adult establishment zoning text could well result in the closing
of most of the gay-adult-oriented businesses of Christopher Street, as well as
those in other predominantly gay neighborhoods of the city," she wrote. "This
could have profoundly detrimental consequences for the gay community, not to
mention an important part of our city's economic and tourism-industry base."

Leland T. Jones, Ms. Messinger's spokesman, said she was trying in the letter to
make the point that in some neighborhoods sex businesses fit in well while in
others they cause problems, which he said argues against the Mayor's broad-brush
approach.

Under Mr. Giuliani's law, such businesses may not operate within 500 feet of one
another and must stay at least 500 feet from homes, schools and churches, which
will eventually mean that only about 30 of the current 180 sex businesses will
be allowed to remain.

In contrast, Ms. Messinger proposed limiting sex shops to one per block and
restraining their signage, but not restricting them to certain parts of the
city.

Mr. Giuliani's decision to begin his campaign on the issue of sex zoning
reflects his conviction that the various aspects of his quality-of-life effort
are so popular with the city's middle class, particularly outside Manhattan,
that any opposition to it is by definition a liability to his critics. For
instance, he contrasted the Times Square of several years ago, which he said was
patronized only by "the sick and the perverted," with its current, more
family-oriented character, which he said was the result of his zoning law. He
strongly implied that Ms. Messinger had stood in the way of the new Times
Square.

In fact, the cleanup of Times Square began several years before Mr. Giuliani
entered office, and has proceeded independently of his zoning law. Ms. Messinger
proposed regulating sex shops in a far less restrictive way -- a proposal that
went nowhere -- and has supported the changes under way in Times Square. But the
Mayor said the issue illustrated the vast differences in their respective
worldviews.

"This may be the first, very stark difference of opinion on quality of life,"
Mr. Giuliani said, "but there'll be many, many differences of opinion on
taxation, on what's needed for proper policing in New York City, on what's
needed for economic development. You'll be hearing a lot about that, too."

He also warned that the general election campaign would be nothing like the
Democratic primary, in which the opposing candidates generally refrained from
attacking one another in their zeal to criticize Mr. Giuliani. Parodying the
lack of rancor in Monday night's televised debate between Ms. Messinger and the
Rev. Al Sharpton, he said that voters could expect a far more spirited exchange
of views.

"Since I've been asked all the questions so far, I thought it might be useful to
start asking the questions the other way," he said. "And to illustrate that the
general election campaign will be very different than the primary. This will not
be attacking people. It won't be trying to avoid issues. This is going to be,
like, really issue oriented."

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani officially opened his campaign for
re-election yesterday at the New Victory Theater in Times Square with an attack
on Ruth W. Messinger's stand on sex-oriented businesses. (John Sotomayor/The New
York Times)

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              575 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Sunday Independent (South Africa)

                                 June 05, 2016
                                   E1 Edition

US politics' name games Democrats making big mistake by trashing their own (and
admired) candidate, Bernie Sanders

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 1006 words


Politics is always most successfully played as a game of addition, not
subtraction. For some reason, however, the Democratic Party leaders think the
rules have changed.

Borrowing a page from GOP front-runner Donald Trump, the Democratic leadership
seems determined to belittle Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders, which means
belittling his large following.

Instead of being gracious winners, establishment favourite former Secretary of
State Hillary Clinton is the likely nominee, barring the unpredictable.
Democratic leaders are labelling Sanders a sore loser. They want him to suspend
all campaigning or, at the least, stop criticising the former First Lady.

They insist his continuing the race only helps Trump.

I know from insurgency campaigns; I was the campaign manager, as well as chief
cook and bottle washer for African-American Democrat L Douglas Wilder's historic
1985 insurgency in Virginia, which pulled down the "No Blacks Need Apply" sign
that had been on the door to office in the South.

The Democratic Party establishment belittled us and worked to block Wilder's
unprecedented nomination for lieutenant governor at Virginia's state convention.

It took his anti-establishment independence personally.

But the leadership failed to consider the message it was sending to Wilder's
legion of supporters. We outfoxed the party leaders, so they were saved from
finding out when Wilder won on Election Day.

Yet, the party leaders never learnt from this. They worked hard, this time
behind the scenes, to block Wilder's 1989 race for Virginia governor. He won,
anyway.

When the 2016 presidential cycle started, the Democratic establishment viewed
Sanders as a quixotic candidate. He had long been a thorn in its side - a
"democratic socialist" who accused elites in both major parties of rigging the
economic and political systems against working-class families. Democratic
leaders were certain the heavily favoured Clinton would crush the 74-year-old
Brooklyn native.

Instead, he gained traction.

So the establishment adopted a new rosy scenario. It depicted Sanders as the
perfect liberal foil to help candidate Clinton build a "centrist" image.

Now comes the California primary this Tuesday. Sanders' detractors are devising
yet another rationalisation for his reputed political illegitimacy within the
Democratic Party.

Instead of denying reality, however, the Democratic establishment should follow
President Lyndon B Johnson's approach in the 1964 presidential campaign.

Polls showed Republicans had virtually conceded the African-American vote when
they nominated Senator Barry Goldwater, who had voted against the landmark 1964
Civil Rights Act.

As the summer Democratic National Convention approached, LBJ knew he had the
political leeway to reject further political demands being made by younger
African-American activists.

But LBJ understood political maths. He knew that for Martin Luther King jn to
keep his troops united in the fall, and ready to rally behind the Democratic
ticket, the civil rights leader had to be a winner, not a loser.

So LBJ confided in King what he planned for African-Americans if he won the
election. When younger black activists insisted on confronting LBJ, King could
then tell them of Johnson's promised passage of the historic Voting Rights Act
and the War on Poverty.

With such unprecedented victories within reach, King could not be defied. Now,
of course, Sanders is no King. But LBJ would have understood that the Vermont
senator is iconic to his supporters.

These voters agree with Sanders' arguments that the US economic and political
systems do not offer a level playing field for all Americans. From my own
experience, I know this: Sanders needs to be seen as continuing to fight for
principles to remain the moral leader his troops demand.

In politics, perception morphs into reality. Sanders and his backers rightly see
themselves as winners. They may have lost the nomination because Clinton has won
several million more votes. But Sanders supporters believe they hold the moral
high ground.

The establishment may disagree. But their dedication to a cause isn't
obstructionism - it's a powerful energy the Democratic Party need to harness,
not harass.

The leadership apparently assumes it has the whip hand against Sanders - largely
because its advisers point to polls that indicate the Vermonter's supporters
will eventually fall in line behind Clinton to defeat Trump.

LBJ had a far bigger lead over Goldwater than any poll now gives Clinton over
Trump. Yet, Johnson still reached out to find common ground with his critics.

In 1964, the Democratic Party establishment would never have tried to humiliate
Sanders, much less his supporters. It understood the politics of addition.

The Democratic convention in July must have one overriding goal: showcasing
unity. True, Sanders is unlikely to be the choice for vice-president. But he
must remain central to any real Democratic unity.

How can the party do this? History shows that a unity plan has three key parts:

1. Let Sanders be Sanders. Even if that means a few contested platform planks on
the convention floor. Democrats need Sanders to have a genuine, not forced,
smile when raising Clinton's hand as the convention comes to a close. Unity
comes last, not first.

2. Clinton must work with Sanders on a compelling message to address the
middle-class squeeze. Both agree on the crucial need to address this problem.
History suggests giving the Sanders' forces as much as possible on the economic
front.

3. President Barack Obama must act as the bridge. Sanders' criticism of the
Democrats is, in part, a rebuff to the president. But Obama knows enough not to
take honest policy criticism personally. So he has to bring the sides together
for the campaign ahead.

Sanders has spent a lifetime saying he could be trusted to make the right, not
the expedient, choice. The Democratic establishment must trust him to do it. And
make it as easy as possible for him to do so. - Reuters International

â[#x20ac]¢ Paul Goldman writes a weekly column for the Washington Post

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SI


                Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              576 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            January 21, 2011 Friday

The Insider: Yee offended by 'classless' Limbaugh remarks

BYLINE: San Mateo County Times

SECTION: BREAKING; Communities; News

LENGTH: 519 words


State Sen. Leland Yee, D-San Francisco, blasted conservative radio host Rush
Limbaugh on Wednesday for his vulgar commentary regarding Chinese President Hu
Jintao.

While discussing Hu's visit this week to Washington, Limbaugh engaged in a crude
imitation of spoken Chinese that went on for 16 seconds. It was the kind of
thing you might overhear on a middle-school playground. Yee, whose district
includes much of San Mateo County, said Limbaugh reached a new low.

"His classless act is an insult to over 3,000 years of cultural history and is a
slap in the face to the millions of Chinese-Americans who have struggled in this
country," Yee said in a statement. "His comments belittle the contributions of
the Chinese community and are sadly indicative of the bigotry that has often
plagued his commentary and lined his pockets."

Yee added that Limbaugh "owes the Chinese community an apology for this
pointless and ugly offense." Don't hold your breath, Leland.

Big surprise

The Burlingame City Council couldn't reach a decision this week on whether to
file an amicus brief in support of a lawsuit against the California High-Speed
Rail Authority by the communities of Atherton, Menlo Park and Palo Alto and
other groups. The suit opposes the authority's plan to run the bullet trains up
the Peninsula rather than across the East Bay. The Burlingame council previously
voted 3-2 not to join the suit. The tally on this decision is not available, as
it occurred behind closed doors. The council will consider the issue again in a
few months. Is it just us, or are Burlingame leaders incapable of making
decisions except in geologic time? This endless dithering over high-speed rail,
and the naive hope that maybe, if they ask nicely enough, the authority will
listen to their concerns, is kind of pathetic.

Take a bold stand against the project, or don't take a stance at all. It's not
going to matter anyway. Unless the project collapses due to the authority's lack
of money and competence, which actually is pretty likely, that rail line is
running on an elevated track right through the heart of Burlingame.

Speier fumes

Rep. Jackie Speier, D-Hillsborough, chastised JPMorgan Chase on Friday for
overcharging military families on their mortgages and wrongfully foreclosing on
more than a dozen families.

Speier asked Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke and the acting comptroller of
the currency to fine the banking behemoth and use the money to inform military
families of their rights to mortgage protections.

The Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, for instance, reduces the mortgage interest
rates for active-duty soldiers to 6 percent and shields them from foreclosure,
Speier noted.

But JPMorgan Chase violated that law, fighting one woman for five years over a
$15,000 overcharge while her husband, a marine captain, was away on duty, she
said.

"The last thing a soldier fighting on the front lines should have to worry about
is losing his or her home," Speier said in a statement. "We need to send a clear
message to banks that such behavior will not be tolerated."

For more of the Insider, visit www.ibabuzz.com/insider .

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              577 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          December 21, 2000, Thursday

GIANTS NOT CUT BY JAG'S WORDS

BYLINE: By JOHN HARPER DAILY NEWS SPORTS WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 85

LENGTH: 604 words

Over the last month the Giants' defense been reminiscent of their Super Bowl
teams, rising to the top of the NFC rankings by shutting down the run and
bombarding quarterbacks with the blitz.

So where's the respect?

Only Jessie Armstead earned a spot on the Pro Bowl team, and yesterday Jaguars'
running back Fred Taylor made some comments that the Giants are undoubtedly
going to clip and save for Saturday's season finale.

Taylor, who brings a nine-game streak of 100-yard rushing games into Giants
Stadium on Saturday, labeled the Giants' defense as a unit that depends on an
attacking array of blitzes to cover up for a lack of speed and athleticism.

"On tape you get a hint of why they're so good - they have a great scheme,"
Taylor said. "Even if you don't have the talent, your scheme can make some
players better than they are."

Ouch.

Taylor didn't sound like he was necessarily trying to belittle the Giants. He
wasn't speaking with any real bravado, but as he answered questions his
perception became as obvious as it was unflattering.

When asked to compare the Giants' defense to those of the Ravens and Titans, the
top-ranked defenses in the AFC, Taylor said the Giants don't have the same speed
or quickness.

"Tennessee and Baltimore have better athletes," he said, "so they don't have to
blitz as much."

When asked about the Giants' secondary, he said, "it's like they have four
safeties back there."

He seemed to mean that mostly as a reference to the size and tackling ability of
Jason Sehorn and Dave Thomas, but it could also be construed as a commentary on
their coverage skills.

Taylor went on to say, "their whole defense is aggressive. But if they don't get
to the quarterback with the blitz, there are going to be big plays all over the
field."

Taylor even implied that the Giants need to blitz to be as strong against the
run as they've been all season.

"On first down, they tend to put eight guys up there and they're always blitzing
a whole lot," he said. "They've been successful but if they don't dial up the
right blitz, it's going to hurt them."

The Giants indeed have used the blitz with great success in recent weeks against
the Redskins, Steelers and especially in the second half of the win over the
Cowboys.

And it's true, their secondary has been vulnerable in pass coverage this season.

But for Taylor to make it a talent issue . . .

Somewhere deep in the heart of Giants Stadium, Jim Fassel surely was smiling
when he heard about it. Just what he needed to help get his team over any
leftover post-division-clinching blahs this week.

Sure enough, Fassel got word of Taylor's comments before practice and relayed
them to his team, with a warning not to fire back publicly.

So in the locker room afterward, players mostly shrugged off the comments and
praised Taylor's running ability.

Even the normally outspoken Keith Hamilton resisted the urge to deliver a
stinging rebuttal, but he made it clear he was looking forward to seeing Taylor
on Saturday.

"What is talking going to do?" he said. "It's going to be settled right out
there on the field. And that's three days away.

"All his comments, all his shooting off his mouth about how much talent we've
got . . . three days, 72 hours, it's going to be settled right out there on that
field, and we'll see what happens. We'll see what happens."

The Giants can stand up for themselves on Saturday by stopping Taylor's streak
of 100-yard games and shutting down the Jaguars' explosive pass offense. Or they
can make Taylor look more perceptive than they want to admit.GRAPHIC: FRED
TAYLOR'S LAST NINE GAMES

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AP Jacksonville's Fred Taylor tries for his 10th straight 100-yard
rushing game when Jaguars play Giants on Saturday

                        Copyright 2000 Daily News, L.P.


                              578 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 November 15, 1994, TUESDAY, THREE STAR Edition

SUPREME COURT REVIVES COLLEGE'S TRY AT PUNISHING PROFESSOR FOR REMARKS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12C

LENGTH: 583 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Supreme Court has revived a New York college's effort to oust a professor
accused of making an anti-Semitic speech as the chairman of its black studies
department.

The court set aside on Monday rulings that said City College of New York
violated Leonard Jeffries' free-speech rights by removing him as chairman.

The justices ordered the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals to restudy Jeffries'
case in light of their decision in May that gave public employers greater
freedom to fire employees for the things they said.

Jeffries' dispute with City College of New York dates to a speech he gave in
1991 at a black cultural festival in Albany, N.Y. He accused Jews of financing
the slave trade and said Jews and the Mafia conspired to belittle blacks in the
movies.

Jeffries also made unflattering remarks about some Jewish colleagues.

Officials at the college, which is a member of the state-run City University of
New York, removed him from his post as department chairman, but he remained a
tenured professor with no loss of pay or benefits.

Jeffries, who is black, sued. A federal judge ordered the school to reinstate
him to his three-year post as department chairman. Despite describing parts of
Jeffries' speech as "hateful, poisonous and reprehensible," the judge awarded
him $ 360,000 in punitive damages.

The 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals agreed that school officials had violated
Jeffries' rights and that he should be reinstated. But the appeals court set
aside the punitive-damages award and ordered a new trial on that issue.

Past court rulings have established that government employees cannot be
disciplined for speaking out on matters of public concern without proof that
they impaired the efficiency of government operations.

In its ruling in Aprile, the 2nd Circuit court said college officials "provided
meager evidence at best that Jeffries' speech had any real disruptive effect on
(the school's) operations."

Lawyers for New York argued that the appeals court ruling forced a state school
"to retain, in a position of leadership, a person who has engaged in hate
speech."

After learning of Monday's action, state Attorney General G. Oliver Koppell said
the court had recognized "that universities should be permitted to weigh the
impact of offensive and bigoted conduct of high-level administrators on the
university community."

In other matters Monday, the Supreme Court:

Agreed to decide in a Texas case whether people must pay income taxes on back
pay and damages they received by suing their employers over alleged age bias.

Ruled, by a 5-4 vote, that injured workers, and by extension passengers, could
sue a subsidiary railroad of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey in
federal court. The court said the authority was vulnerable to such suits because
the two states that created it were not required to pay its debts.

The decision has no impact on Bi-State Development Agency, which was formed by
an interstate compact. John Fox Arnold, attorney for Bi-State, says Missouri and
Illinois courts have never extended the 11th Amendment's immunity from suit to
Bi-State.

Said it would decide whether courts could second-guess the U.S. attorney
general's decision to shield some federal workers from being sued over injuries
they allegedly caused.

Turned away the appeal of a German woman who says she's the rightful owner of a
Claude Monet oil painting that apparently was stolen from a castle during World
War II.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo by AP - Leonard Jeffries, accused of making anti-Semitic
remarks, takes questions outside federal court in New York last year. On Monday,
the U.S. Supreme Court revived a New York college's effort to oust him as a
department chairman.

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              579 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            November 12, 2012 Monday
                                 Met 2 Edition

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D14

LENGTH: 252 words


Washington State fell to 2-8, 0-7 Pacific-12 after its 44-36 home loss to UCLA
late Saturday night, but bigger problems may be afoot for first-year Cougars
Coach Mike Leach than just a dismal record.

Before the game, leading receiver Marquess Wilson announced in a letter that he
was leaving the team because of "abuse" he and his teammates have received from
Leach and his staff. Wilson had been suspended indefinitely on Wednesday, but he
claimed the move was "an attempt by the athletic department to cover up what is
really happening in that locker room."

"I believe coaches have a chance to mold players, to shape men, to create
greatness. However, the new regime of coaches has preferred to belittle,
intimidate and humiliate us," Wilson wrote.

Leach, considered a top candidate to replace Ralph Friedgen at Maryland after
Friedgen was let go in 2010, was fired by Texas Tech in 2009 after he was
accused of abusing Red Raiders wide receiver Adam James, the son of former ESPN
commentator Craig James. Leach has since filed lawsuits against Texas Tech for
wrongful termination and ESPN and Craig James for libel and slander. . . .

With 10 minutes left in the third quarter, Oregon led California, 24-17. About
14 minutes of game time later, the Ducks had sprinted to a 59-17 lead, the final
margin in Oregon's 13th straight win, the longest streak in major college
football.

Oregon quarterback Marcus Mariota completed 27 of 34 passes for 377 yards and a
program-record-tying six touchdown passes.

- Matt Bonesteel

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              580 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            November 1, 2010 Monday
                             First Replate Edition

Civil rights leaders decry 'boy' ruling;
Eleven file motion to overturn decision on word in Tyson lawsuit.

BYLINE: Bill Rankin; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1216 words


Civil rights leaders are denouncing an Atlanta appeals court ruling that
testimony about a white supervisor calling a black employee "boy" cannot be used
as evidence of race discrimination.

In a motion filed last week, 11 civil rights pioneers asked the court to
reconsider its finding that a plant manager's alleged use of the word "boy" was
"conversational" and amounted to "ambiguous stray remarks" that were not made in
the context of employment decisions. The 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals said
the comments did not show racial animosity.

The motion, written by lawyers for the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund,
said the 11th Circuit's reasoning "does not stand the test of history,
experience, reality or the common social understanding of race relations in the
country, particularly the South."

If allowed to stand, the ruling will impede racial discrimination claims that
rely, at least in part, on the use of racially coded slurs in the workplace, the
motion said. The 11th Circuit's decisions set precedent for federal cases in
Georgia, Alabama and Florida.

Among those signing onto the filing: Andrew Young, the former Atlanta mayor who
was executive director of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference; the Rev.
Fred Shuttlesworth, a founder of the SCLC; Dorothy Cotton, the SCLC's former
educational director; and former SCLC president the Rev. Joseph Lowery.

"It's ridiculous to think that anyone in the court system, anyone who's been to
law school, would not understand this word --- particularly in the South --- was
used to belittle African-Americans," said the Rev. C.T. Vivian, a former SCLC
executive who also signed the motion.

"There have been times when white men called each other boy --- like a good old
boy --- and that was friendly to them," he said. "It was never friendly when it
was said to African-Americans. It's a sad part of Southern history."

The lawsuit was brought by John Hithon, a black shift supervisor at a Tyson
chicken processing plant in Gadsden, Ala., who was passed over for promotion in
favor of two white employees.

Tyson spokesman Gary Mickelson said company policy is to provide a work
environment free of unlawful discrimination, and Tyson takes such allegations
very seriously. The 11th Circuit's ruling "supports our long-standing position
that Mr. Hithon was not denied a promotion because of his race." The company has
numerous African-Americans serving in a wide variety of leadership positions, he
said.

At Hithon's first trial, a federal jury awarded him $1.75 million, but the 11th
Circuit overturned the verdict. So he retried the case and won $1.3 million. In
August, a three-judge 11th Circuit panel threw out the verdict again and this
time ordered the case be dismissed in Tyson's favor.

The motion filed by the civil rights leaders is asking the entire 12-member
appeals court in Atlanta to overturn the three-judge panel's decision. The
motion is pending. If the court turns down the request, the case could be
appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court.

Hithon started working at Tyson in 1982, first as a "live hanger," required to
hang 24 chickens a minute. He later worked in the part of the plant responsible
for killing and picking, and then as a supervisor of the "eviscerating" and
"deboning" departments.

In 1995, Tyson brought in a new plant manager, Tom Hatley, who is white, to
improve operations at the money-losing facility. Hatley withheld wage increases
for two white shift managers and both resigned, creating vacancies.

Hithon applied for one of the openings. But Hatley brought in two white men from
other Tyson operations to fill the positions. Hatley has said he thought it
would be better for his two new shift managers to have not worked at the poorly
performing plant.

Hithon claimed Hatley used that explanation as a pretext and filed an employment
discrimination suit. At his first trial, a federal jury awarded Hithon $250,000
in compensatory damages and $1.5 million in punitive damages.

At trial, Anthony Ash, a former plaintiff in the case, testified Hatley called
him "boy" in the cafeteria during a lunch break. "Boy, you better get going,"
Hatley said, according to Ash's testimony.

"Everybody know being in the South, a white man says 'boy' to a black man,
that's an offensive word," Ash testified.

Ash's wife testified that she heard it and told Hatley, "He's not a boy. He's a
man." Hatley walked away with a smirk on his face, she said.

Hithon testified that Hatley once said, "Hey, boy," to him as he was leaving a
conference room.

Hatley has denied making the comments. In court filings, Tyson's lawyers say
there is "no evidence that Hatley treated or spoke to white employees
differently than he did black employees."

Tyson appealed the verdict and, in 2005, the 11th Circuit ordered a new trial
and ruled Hatley's alleged use of the word "boy" did not prove racial animus.
"While the use of 'boy' when modified by a classification like 'black' or
'white' is evidence of discriminatory intent, the use of 'boy' alone is not
evidence of discrimination," the court said.

Hithon appealed and the U.S. Supreme Court summarily rejected the 11th Circuit's
view.

"Although it is true that the disputed word will not always be evidence of
racial animus, it does not follow that the term, standing alone, is always
benign," the high court said in an unsigned unanimous opinion. "The speaker's
meaning may depend on various factors including context, tone of voice, local
custom and historical usage."

The case went back to trial, and Ash and Hithon again testified about Hatley's
alleged use of the word "boy." This time, a jury awarded Hithon $35,000 in back
pay, $300,000 for mental anguish and $1 million in punitive damages.

But in August the 11th Circuit threw out that verdict and ordered the case be
dismissed. A 2-1 decision written by Judges Ed Carnes and Bill Pryor said there
was no evidence that showed Tyson discriminated against Hithon. The court also
stood by its earlier determination that testimony about the alleged use of the
word "boy" did not prove discriminatory intent.

While Hithon and Ash found the word offensive, "the issue is not what was in
their mind when they heard the term, but what was in Hatley's mind when he used
it, and there was no new evidence about that," the ruling said.

In their motion, the NAACP lawyers wrote that whites called black men "boys"
during slavery and segregation "to reinforce their racially subordinate status."
The motion notes how the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. encountered the phrase when
a police officer called his father "boy" during a traffic stop and how he wrote
about it in his Letter from Birmingham Jail. And it notes that thousands of
black sanitation workers marched in Memphis in 1968 carrying signs proclaiming
"I Am a Man" to demand respect and equal rights.

U.W. Clemon, the first African-American federal judge in Alabama who also signed
onto the motion, expressed astonishment at the 11th Circuit's decision.

"To me, it is really a throwback to the time when federal courts were completely
hostile to civil rights," said Clemon, now a private attorney. "It just appears
to me that the judges who wrote that decision don't know the realities of
everyday life. What else is it supposed to mean when a white man calls a black
man 'boy'?"

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2010 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              581 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 February 4, 2000, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Political Memo;
President's Budget Plans Put Mayor on Spot

BYLINE: By ELISABETH BUMILLER

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 978 words


As Hillary Rodham Clinton begins her official United States Senate campaign, her
husband has presented Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani with two disagreeable
alternatives: Criticize billions of dollars in Clinton education and anticrime
initiatives that would help New York City, or praise the husband of his
political enemy.

In his State of the Union speech last month and in his 2001 budget to be
released next week, President Clinton is offering up a cornucopia of popular
programs aimed at bolstering Democrats, but chiefly Al Gore and the first lady.
Some are already bringing in millions of dollars for new teachers and
after-school programs in Harlem and the Hunts Point section of the Bronx.
Others, like gun control, are issues on which Mr. Giuliani, Mrs. Clinton's
opponent, has aligned himself with the president in the past.

In 1994, in fact, the mayor infuriated his fellow Republicans by flying with Mr.
Clinton to Minnesota on Air Force One to campaign for the president's anticrime
bill.

But how times have changed. Mr. Giuliani's new approach is to be more of a
Republican, and embrace the proposals in principle, but belittle them in
practice. He also suggests that Congress is unlikely to pass much of what the
president wants.

"I'll give you an example," Mr. Giuliani said at a news briefing this week. "The
president offered a billion dollars more for the Head Start program. New York
City's school budget in a given year is $11 billion. The amount of money
involved in those programs would have very little significance for a city the
size of New York."

Such programs "sound good," the mayor added, "but nobody should have the false
illusion that this is a substantial amount of money when it gets translated into
New York City with a million schoolchildren."

Michael Kharfen, a spokesman for the Department of Health and Human Services,
which administers Head Start, said he did not understand why the Head Start
money the federal government was sending to New York City was not considered
substantial. For this school year, he said, the city received $136 million for
Head Start preschool programs for 20,000 children aged 3 and 4.

"It's certainly not insubstantial to the lives of those children and their
families," Mr. Kharfen said.

New York City, he added, received the bulk of the $305 million in Head Start
money that went to New York State this year, and has one of the country's
largest Head Start programs. Mr. Clinton's proposal, which if passed by Congress
would be the largest expansion of Head Start in history, calls for the state to
receive $411 million in Head Start money in 2001.

Mr. Giuliani also dismissed Mr. Clinton's proposal to spend $1 billion in 2001
to hire new teachers to reduce class size. "The State of the Union in previous
years has offered lots of money, and then by the time you get to the budget,
that money isn't there, or it's one-tenth of what it was exaggerated to be," Mr.
Giuliani said. "So we're going to have to wait some months to find out are their
programs really there and can we access it?"

This school year the city received $61.2 million in a Clinton initiative to
reduce class size, which allowed the Board of Education to hire 800 new
teachers.

Along with a state program that provided money for 800 more teachers, the board
was able to create 900 new classes with an average size of 20 for children in
kindergarten through third grade, plus add a second teacher to other classes.

One area that benefited from the program was School District 8 in the Soundview
and Hunts Point sections of the Bronx, where the combined state and federal
programs provided money for 73 new teachers and allowed the district to create
what its superintendent, Betty Rosa, said were less structured, more creative
classrooms.

"It's created a level of excitement for our district of what could be done," Dr.
Rosa said.

It is no accident that Mrs. Clinton's latest radio commercial, broadcast
statewide this week, echoes the same programs as the president's State of the
Union speech.

The commercial intersperses Mrs. Clinton's voice with the voices of two women, a
man and a child, and has them finishing one another's sentences about the need
for health insurance, after-school programs, money for school construction and
tax deductions for college tuition.

"There should also be a $10,000 college tuition . . . " Mrs. Clinton says in the
ad, trailing off so that a woman's voice immediately finishes her sentence with
" . . . tax cut so we can afford to send every child to college."

Similarly, the president's speech called for a $10,000 tax deduction for college
tuition for families making up to $100,000 annually, and smaller deductions for
families making up to $120,000 a year. The plan is similar to a bipartisan bill
introduced last year by Senator Charles E. Schumer of New York.

"Whether Hillary was running or not, the president would have proposed almost
all of this budget," Mr. Schumer said. But he added that the Clinton tuition tax
credit proposal "does help Hillary," particularly among suburban voters with
college-age children who make more money than allowed under an existing Clinton
tuition program. Under that program, families with less than $80,000 in annual
income can take up to $1,500 in tax credits for the first two years of college,
plus a $5,000 tax credit for additional schooling or retraining.

Although Mr. Giuliani is running as pro-gun control, pro-abortion-rights
Republican who likes tax cuts, he did shy away yesterday from the large tax cut
proposal of his political benefactor, George W. Bush, which has been criticized
as too large and favorable toward the rich.

"I honestly have not looked at his tax cut in that kind of detail," Mr. Giuliani
said at a news briefing, adding that "on the size of it, I would be willing to
be flexible."

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              582 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 28, 1988, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Ex-Sergeant Tells of Davis Shootout

BYLINE: By WILLIAM G. BLAIR

SECTION: Section B; Page 4, Column 4; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 518 words


A retired police sergeant choked back tears yesterday as he described a gun
battle between Larry Davis and police officers and the wounding of a fellow
officer.

But in the first full day of testimony in the trial of Mr. Davis in the Bronx
County Courthouse, Mr. Davis's lawyer, William M. Kunstler, sought to belittle
the show of emotion and shake the credibility of the account of the retired
sergeant, Edward J. Coulter.

Mr. Davis, 22 years old, is accused of trying to murder nine of more than 20
officers in a raid in the Morrisania area Nov. 19, 1986. Six officers were
wounded. Mr. Coulter had worked 17 years in the Emergency Service Unit when he
joined the raid on the building where Mr. Davis was hiding in a sister's
apartment. Mr. Coulter retired in April on medical disability from gunshot
injuries he sustained in the raid.

Claim of Negligence

When, in his account of the confusion and crash of gunfire in the cramped
confines of the apartment, he came to the wounding of Sgt. Mary E. Buckley, Mr.
Coulter said: ''Her face was bleeding. She started to talk to me and she fell.''

His voice broke and a long silence passed before he regained his compsure.
Sergeant Buckley, who was shot in the face in the raid, has returned to the
emergency unit. She and Mr. Coulter are among four officers in the raid suing
the city and the Police Department, charging negligence in the raid.

In trying to shake Mr. Coulter's account, Mr. Kunstler cited a police training
lecture Mr. Coulter gave two months after the raid, in which he said that Ms.
Buckley ''melted to the floor like the Wicked Witch of the West did in the movie
when the water hit her.''

''Did you break down then?'' Mr. Kunstler asked.

''No,'' replied Mr. Coulter, who said he had also been overcome by emotion when
he testified about the raid before a grand jury and at another trial of Mr.
Davis this year.

No Search or Arrest Warrants

In that trial, Mr. Davis was acquitted of charges that he murdered four
suspected drug dealers three weeks before the raid.

The prosecution contends that the raid was ordered to arrest Mr. Davis as a
suspect in the deaths. The defense contends that the police staged the raid to
kill Mr. Davis because of his knowledge of police drug corruption and that he
fired in self-defense.

Mr. Coulter also testified under Mr. Kunstler's questioning that he learned only
moments before the raid that the police had no search or arrest warrant to enter
the apartment where Mr. Davis was believed to be hiding, at 1231 Fulton Avenue.

Mr. Kunstler tried to shake the prosecution's contention that Mr. Davis fired
the first shot, over the head of a child who had walked into the line of fire,
while the police held their fire.

Mr. Kunstler cited drafts of an application Mr. Coulter prepared early last year
for possible departmental recognition for his role in the raid. The lawyer said
that the first draft said the child had walked into the line of fire after the
shooting had started, but that the account was changed in the final draft to
conform to the police version of the shooting.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Edward J. Coulter (NYT/John Sotomayor)

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              583 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 18, 1983, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

FOOD VIEW;
NOUVELLE CUISINE: HERE TO STAY

BYLINE: By Craig Claiborne

SECTION: Section 6; Page 99, Column 1; Magazine Desk

LENGTH: 1668 words


WAS IN A SAUNA one afternoon recently, and a man sitting next to me spoke up.
''You're the food writer?'' ''Yes,'' I answered. ''What do you think's going to
happen to cooking over the next 10 years?''

A couple of nights later, at dinner in a friend's home, the question was
repeated in slightly different words.

It seems to be an involuntary year- end inquiry, and food writers are supposed
to take stock of what has happened during the last 12 months and, more
important, perhaps, what is likely to happen in the kitchens of this country not
only in the months ahead, but in the years to come.

My answer is, if you will pardon my English, nouvelle cuisine. This
accordion-pleated affair that affects amateurs and professionals alike can be
expanded or contracted - for better or for worse - according to the whims and
imagination of the cook or chef.

I feel strongly obliged to take issue with any and all of my colleagues - and
they are legion - who tend to disparage, damn, and belittle the whole notion of
nouvelle cuisine. There are those who moan in their victuals and say it is the
worst thing to have happened to the entire culture of good cooking since the
invention of the can opener.

Nonsense!  Nouvelle cuisine is the greatest innovation in the world of food
since the food processor and, like that machine, it has opened up and broadened
horizons in the world of cooking that slightly more than a decade ago were
unthinkable. I simply do not understand the na"ivete of those supposed
professionals who maintain that ''traditional'' cuisine remains the true and
unalterable genius of French (and therefore the supreme) cooking.

Let us go back to the origins of traditional French cooking and the beginnings
of the nouvelle cuisine revolution in as simple and basic a way as possible.

For more than 50 years, traditional French cooking was pantry-locked, book-bound
and straitjacketed, and all in the name of one man, Auguste Escoffier. Classic,
or traditional, French cooking was, thanks to him, a prison whether the kitchen
existed in Burgundy, Provence, Paris or in the so-called French kitchens of
Manhattan, Fort Wayne, Ind., or Singapore. The rules had been codified and set
down by that one individual, the priest of grand cuisine. Every well- known chef
in the Western world and some few in the East were Escoffier's absolute
apostles.

I am not a chef (I classify myself as a cook), but I was trained in the mid
1950's in Switzerland in what was still the heyday of Escoffier's influence.
(The great chef had died in 1935.) I was trained at a time when ''according to
Escoffier'' was the not-to-be- questioned ''holy writ.'' To go against his
dictates was to face the opprobrium and contempt of your fellow cooks or chefs.

If Escoffier said that pommes de terre Anna were created in this or that
fashion, then you didn't vary that formula. If his formula for salade russe did
not include fresh basil, you didn't dare demonstrate an adventurous and inspired
genius by adding a leaf or two. If you worked in a professional kitchen, each
day you made and used a gallon of hollandaise sauce and tossed it into
everything. Each morning you turned bins of potatoes into something called
pommes de terre duchesse - that is, you made a potato-croquette mixture and
piped it out with a ''piping bag and star tube'' and baked it as a garnish. Or
you piped it around broiled meats and browned it.

A relatively large number of foods were cooked  a la minute , but painstaking
hours were consumed in the preparation of other dishes such as a chartreuse of
partridge or pheasant in which a host of vegetables were intricately carved and
put together in the most elaborate fashion possible to contain your game
filling.

On a far less exalted plane, consider the preparation of vegetables, Escoffier
style. Such simple things as brussels sprouts or cauliflower were cooked
(generally overcooked) in boiling water until tender. They were then drained and
given further cooking and an unconscionable quantity of butter.

I have nothing against an occasional platter (once a winter, perhaps) of a
traditional cassoulet with all that pork rind, preserved goose, pork belly and
sausages; nor of a ''traditional'' sauerkraut with its goose fat, streaky bacon,
ham and sausages.

But these concepts are a far cry from nouvelle cuisine and do not fit in with
present concepts of dining in extraordinary style with far lighter, more
delicate creations - fresh salmon in sorrel sauce, duck livers with celery root,
a simple dish of sole with chives, striped bass wrapped in green lettuce leaves
and a simple grilled lemon chicken, creations of the likes of Paul Bocuse, the
Troisgros brothers, Roger Verge, Alain Chapel and so on.

I would not exchange my education, which included the entire scope of Escoffier,
for all the truffles in Perigord. It is my reasoning that to understand the new
cuisine properly, you should know what Escoffier was all about. And in depth.
Many of the foundations laid down by him remain rock solid and are essential to
the finest nouvelle cuisine - the basic sauces such as fonds bruns, or light
brown sauces; the fumets or basic stocks, and glaces de viande, or meat glazes,
or fish or shellfish mousses (that were scarcely possible for home cooks until
the introduction of the food processor) and so on.

What nouvelle cuisine has done is to liberate all of us from a monstrous
thou-shalt-not way of thinking. If you wish to juxtapose anchovy fillets with
your roast goose and orange sauce (I am not proposing that seriously), then go
ahead and let your guests be the judge. If you wish to add pistachios to your
oysters cooked in vinegar (I am not proposing that either), that is certainly
your prerogative and you are at least master of your own stove.

With the advent of nouvelle cuisine, chefs were allowed to be innovative to the
limits of their imagination. I am persuaded that without it, the Western world
at large might never have known the likes of those magnificent oils and mustards
and vinegars that have now become commonplace in fine food shops around the
world.

I do not think we would use so abundantly and prize such things as fresh
arugula, raddichio, fresh basil and fresh coriander leaves. We have learned to
adapt our Western kitchens to the good things found in the Orient.  We have
learned to appreciate fine green salads topped with well-cooked warm meats such
as roast duck and sauteed goose livers, and I am persuaded these are borrowings
from Thailand or other points east. We have learned to not overcook fish and
vegetables, and I am convinced this is a Japanese influence. French chefs have
learned to travel and broadened their scopes and horizons.

The faults of nouvelle cuisine are, of course, many and obvious. But to my mind,
the positive aspects far outweigh the negative ones. I have heard of truffles
served with a lime ice; of grapes and other fruit served with sauerkraut in a
red-wine sauce; ravioli stuffed with snails and peaches. I have even printed a
recipe for lobster in a savory sauce flavored with vanilla. (Curiously enough,
the flavors are quite harmonious.) And critics, of course, write ad nauseam -
not wholly without justification - of the excessive use of kiwi fruit in any and
all dishes, main courses included. One also hears that there is too much
fiddling with various foods for the sake of artistic arrangement, and that these
portions are costly and small.

I could offer you an equal number of attacks on the faults of traditional French
cooking. The most primitive and obvious being it was designed for an age in
which the ''average'' man or woman with an adequate purse could dine on 10 or
more courses during an evening without consideration of the liver or stomach.

In the old days, there was an abhorrent repetition of garnish for various
dishes, the fanciest of which was, by far, crescents of puff pastry. Those
crescents adorned - world without end - fish, poultry, beef and so on. They are
not at all a bad garnish, except they add unnecessary calories to a meal. And,
in their own way, they are, or were, like today's overuse of kiwi fruit.

Mention should be made of the differences in style, preparation and presentation
of dishes today and yesterday. In the old days, say 10 or 15 years ago, whole
pieces of food such as a leg of lamb, a roast chicken and so on were dispatched
to the dining room, where they were carved and arranged on the plate by the
waiter or captain. The chefs would scream at the manner in which the food was
presented, often complaining that by the time the waiter or captain got the dish
in front of the customer, it was cooled and inedible.

Today, most foods, even in luxury restaurants, are sliced and arranged on plates
in the kitchens. And what do certain critics complain of? The food is cooled and
inedible by the time it is presented at the table.

One of the reasons for the popularity of nouvelle cuisine is that we live in a
far less formal and circumscribed age, and the whole style of cooking is based
on that concept. We are far more health-and weight-conscious, and our bodies
demand a lighter style of cooking. We eat less salt and our intake of fat has
decreased.

Nouvelle cuisine most certainly does not ignore butter and cream. But at least
the butter sauce is more apt to be a beurre blanc, which is far more delicate
than that egg-enriched hollandaise, and the sauce made with cream seems to be
used far more sparingly.

And what do I think about the future of cooking in the Western world? It will be
increasingly innovative, endless in its possibilities and productive of great
recipes. We have escaped, praise be, from those repetitive banquet dishes like
tournedos Rossini and pheasant souvarov. With any kind of luck, I will never
again be served a salade russe with my poached salmon. Come to think of it, no
one has offered me a dish of salade russe or pommes de terre duchesse in any
form in several years.

That's progress.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos of various foods

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              584 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 11, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Moral Development

SECTION: Section 7; Page 43, Column 3; Book Review Desk

LENGTH: 388 words


To the Editor:

I hope that readers of Lawrence Kohlberg's first volume of essays on moral
development, ''Moral Stages and the Idea of Justice,'' will give the book the
attention and study it deserves despite the tonguein-cheek comments of Werner
Dannhauser in his review (Aug. 9), which distort and trivialize Professor
Kohlberg's theory.

his book does not lend itself to skimming or easy summaries. It is the
distillation of 25 years of work devoted to studying the structure of people's
thinking about issues of right and wrong; specifically to the changes that
predictably occur through childhood and maturity as a result of experience and
education.

Many educators and researchers concerned with moral development may feel that
there is more to such development than moral reasoning about issues of justice,
but none of us would deny that these issues are at the core of moral
development. All of us are in debt to Professor Kohlberg for lifting this figure
out of the ground of the moral domain. Those of us who know the field best do
not dismiss or belittle Professor Kohlberg. We are able to use and extend his
theory and suggestions for practice because h is reasoning has given us a
structure and foundation. It is in this context that we see and value his
collection of essays.

As editor of the Moral Education Forum and as founding member, past president
and current program chairman of the Association for Moral Education, I have an
overview of the current literature and research in moral development, and I
reject Werner Dannhauser's appraisal of the Kohlberg volume on that basis. Mr.
Dannhauser has misread the function of this collection of essays. It is not a
quickie course in moral development and it is not designed to be used for parlor
games on stage development. It is designed to introduce a new generation of
researchers to a cognitive and structural view of an essential aspect of moral
development. It fulfills that task very well.  LISA KUHMERKER New York City

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: letter

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              585 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                              July 3, 2005 Sunday
                                 Early Edition

Rogers appeals, back on mound

BYLINE: T.R. Sullivan, Fort Worth Star-Telegram

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 464  words

DATELINE: SEATTLE


A Sunday afternoon in the Pacific Northwest should be quite eventful for Kenny
Rogers.

He pitches again for the first time in 10 days, and his selection to the
American League all-star team for the third time in his career should be
announced.

That would make for a sufficiently memorable afternoon for anybody, but Sunday's
start also marks the first time Rogers takes the mound since he shoved two
cameramen in Arlington, Texas, on Wednesday.

That led to Rogers being suspended Friday for 20 days by commissioner Bud Selig,
a punishment that is being appealed. Rogers remains active until the appeal is
heard, most likely after the all-star break.

The turbulence over that situation, plus dealing with a broken bone in his
right, non-pitching hand, make this start more intriguing than the usual July
pitching.

"We deal with distractions every day," pitching coach Orel Hershiser said. "We
deal with blocking things out every day. Not to belittle the situation, but
he'll have to be in his own little world, making pitches, picking up things from
hitters and being into the strategy of the game."

Rogers has dominated sports news for four days with videos of the altercation
being replayed constantly both locally and nationally. Sunday's start adds to
the intense scrutiny.

"This is national, this is unfortunate, but for three hours he has to pretend
that it doesn't exist," Hershiser said. "If there are emotions, you have to
pre-plan and figure out how to deal with it. You know it's coming .You can't
check out of the human race."

Rogers is 9-3 with a 2.46 ERA in 15 starts and is considered a lock to make the
American League All-Star team when it is announced Sunday. Rogers would receive
a $50,000 bonus if he makes the team, the same amount he was fined for the
incident in Arlington.

Suspended players are not allowed to participate in the all-star game, but may
if an appeal is pending.

"The all-star game is an honour that's voted on by fans, managers and coaches
and players and is one of merit," said Scott Boras, Rogers' agent. "Certainly
the way Kenny has pitched has placed him in that status."

Rogers hasn't won since June 17 against the Washington Nationals when he allowed
one run in 61/3 innings and then broke a bone in his right hand slugging a water
cooler.

He started against the Angels on June 22, allowing six runs in 31/3 innings.
Rogers then missed his most recent start against the Angels because of the
injury.

He threw in the bullpen on Friday and played catch on Saturday.

The hand is not completely healed, but manager Buck Showalter confirmed Saturday
that Rogers will start.

"I'm expecting and hoping it will be a relief for him," Showalter said.
"Hopefully, he is better physically than he was the last time.

"I'm sure Seattle will have something to say about it."

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              586 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             January 7, 2005 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

UW-MADISON FIXTURE JOHNSON DIES (FIRST EDITION);
UW FIXTURE JOHNSON DIES (SECOND EDITION);
HE WORKED FOR 44 YEARS IN THE REGISTRAR'S OFFICE AND COLLEAGUES CONSIDERED HIM A
"LIVING HISTORICAL ARCHIVE."

BYLINE: Karen Rivedal Wisconsin State Journal

SECTION: LOCAL/WISCONSIN; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 499 words


Thomas L.W. Johnson, who worked in UW-Madison's Registrar's Office for 44 years
before his retirement in 2003, died Jan. 1 in Madison.

Known as friendly and fond of bow ties, Johnson, 72, also earned a reputation as
a "living historical archive," colleagues said. During his decades in the
Registrar's Office, where he spent his last seven years as second-in-command,
Johnson could be counted on to pay careful attention to university history in
office decisions.

"That's not to say he was against progress," Registrar Joanne Berg said. "He'd
just use the historical perspective as something to build on, rather than ignore
it."

Johnson's personal style also impressed those who worked closely with him.
Administrative staffer Mike Roeder described him as "gentle, wise and kind."

"He was always calm, offering honest dialogue without pandering to campus
politics," said Roeder, a communication specialist involved with the student
records' computer system. "When he told you something, you knew it was from the
heart. I never heard him denigrate anyone or belittle their ideas. "

Johnson, originally from Rockford, Ill., graduated from UW-Madison with a
bachelor's degree in 1954. He earned a master's degree from the University of
Kansas in 1959, and served with in Army in Kansas and Germany from 1955 to 1957.
His wife, Eleanor, died a few years ago, Berg said.

"He was one of those kind of people who would listen to everyone (talk) in a
meeting, then everyone would stop and say, We have to hear from Tom now,'" Berg
said. "We'd look and he'd have this smile on his face that was kind of devious
and yet just so wise. He'd have put it all together in a way that people just
hadn't thought about before."

Roeder remembered Johnson as "totally approachable," with an impeccable apparent
role model in the nation's 16th president.

"He'd invite you to sit across from his desk, piled high with a mountain of
paper, and occasionally glance over to a yellowed picture of Abe Lincoln on the
wall, appearing to ponder what Abe might advise on any given subject," Roeder
said.

Johnson began his career at UW-Madison in 1959, working his way up from an
assistant to the executive associate registrar, the No. 2 position with
office-wide responsibilities. During his tenure, he led efforts to create a
special admissions office for non-degree students and to adopt a "compassionate"
refund policy, which became policy in 1991 and provides tuition refunds for
students who have to withdraw for medical or family emergencies.

Johnson also served on many university committees and was a member of several
state and national groups for registrars. He was a book reviewer for a quarterly
journal and belonged to several patriotic organizations, including the Madison
Veterans Council and the Lincoln Tomb Ceremony Committee, which directs an
annual event in Springfield, Ill.

Memorial services for Johnson are pending at Cress Funeral and Cremation
Service, 3610 Speedway Road. He is survived by a brother, Coe Johnson.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Contact Karen Rivedal at krivedal@madison.com or 252-6106.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                              587 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     December 14, 2004 Tuesday Home Edition

Global Gwinnett

BYLINE: BRIAN FEAGANS

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Gwinnett News; Pg. 5JJ

LENGTH: 494 words


Lilburn school excels at serving Latinos

If only every school in the South could respond to a rapid influx of Latino
immigrants as well as Lilburn Elementary has.

That's the lament of a new study from the University of Southern California's
Tomas Riveral Policy Institute.

The study, titled "The New Latino South and the Challenge to Public Education,"
concludes that teachers and administrators across the region often are
overwhelmed by sudden increases in the number of students from Latin America.
Teachers have too few tools at their disposal to raise low test scores and to
cut into the high dropout rates among Latino immigrants, according to the report
released last week.

Jackie Beasley, principal at Lilburn Elementary, was cited as the exception to
that rule, however. The report lauds her outside-the-box programs at a school
where about 42 percent of the student body speaks a language other than English
at home. Most speak Spanish.

The report lauded Beasley for starting a Spanish-language Girl Scout program
called Hermanitas and demanding that her staff encourage the involvement of
immigrant parents in schooling.

"Parents slowly started to come in when they saw that I didn't belittle them,"
Beasley said in the report.

The report calls Beasley's commitment a model, but quotes her as saying her
efforts over the past decade have left her exhausted.

"They didn't tell me how to do this in principal school," she said. "I don't
know that most principals would do what I do."

Gwinnett and neighboring Hall County were among the six counties studied in the
report, which was based on interviews with educators and demographic data. The
researchers also focused on Wake and Durham counties in North Carolina and
Washington and Benton counties in Arkansas.

Sold-out Bosnian author visits

Bosnian war novelist Majo Dizdar stopped Monday night at Lawrenceville's Old
Bridge Restaurant as part of his U.S. book tour. But he had one problem --- no
more books.

Dizdar, 53, had already sold all 600 copies of his new novels that he brought to
the United States. He's visited enclaves of Bosnian refugees in St. Louis, Grand
Rapids, Mich., and Jacksonville.

"I'll have to do another printing when I get back to Bosnia," Dizdar said.

The novels, published this year, have been best-sellers in Bosnia. Their titles
translate roughly as "The Sniper" and "The Black Hole."

Dizdar, who worked as a journalist while serving as an officer in the Bosnian
Army, said he drew upon that experience for both novels. Each is set in war-torn
Sarajevo. Dizdar is now a freelance journalist who has made films about the
siege of Sarajevo as well.

Enes Selimovic, host of a Bosnian radio program in Atlanta, said such literary
visits help keep metro Atlanta's Bosnian community in touch with their homeland.

"This inspires our youth to read more and find out what's happening in our
country," Selimovic said. "This is exciting."

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic: CALENDAR
DEC. 17
ADOPT A FAMILY: The Latin American Association program helps bring food,
festivities and gifts from Santa Claus to families in Gwinnett, Cobb, DeKalb and
Fulton counties. The event is at the association's auditorium at 2750 Buford
Highway.
Donated gifts go to Latino families earning less than $15,000 a year.  About 40
Gwinnett families with roughly 240 children will be attending this Friday for
the first session, from 12:30 p.m. to 2 p.m. A second session is from 2 p.m. to
3:30 p.m. and a third from 3:30 p.m. to 5 p.m. Sponsors are asked to provide one
gift per family member and either deliver the gifts to the family or attend
Friday's gift-giving ceremony. About 90 percent of sponsors are individuals,
while 10 percent are businesses. Contact the association's Joshua Hopkins at
404-638-1836 for more information.
DEC. 18
THE LAOTIAN AMERICAN SOCIETY HOLIDAY FUND-RAISER BALL: Women will dance, men
will be auctioned off, and a fund-raising queen will be crowned as the Laotian
American Society holds its holiday fund-raiser in Duluth. The event will begin
at 6:30 p.m. at Dynasty Buffet Restaurant near Gwinnett Place mall. About 300
seats are available for the fund-raiser. Proceeds will go toward a college
scholarship fund. Reservations: Frannie Taysavang,
franniemagnolia@mindspring.com.; Graphic: BY THE NUMBERS
Gwinnett had one of the 10 fastest-growing Latino populations from 1990 to 2000.
The top nine counties were..in the South, according to a new report, "The New
Latino South and the Challenge to Public Education."
COUNTY......STATE.. 1990....2000....% CHANGE
................. LATINO..LATINO
....................POP.....POP.
BENTON........AR.. 1,359.. 13,469... 891%
FORSYTH..... NC.. 2,102.. 19,577... 831%
WASHINGTON....AR.. 1,526.. 12,932... 747%
DURHAM........NC.. 2,054.. 17,039... 730%
WHITFIELD... GA.. 2,321.. 18,419... 694%
GWINNETT......GA.. 8,470.. 64,137... 657%
MECKLENBURG.. NC.. 6,693.. 44,871... 570%
WAKE..........NC.. 5,396.. 33,985... 530%
HALL..........GA.. 4,558.. 27,242... 498%
ELKHART..... IN.. 2,932.. 16,300... 456%

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              588 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          September 23, 2004 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

McConnell, the longest-serving board member with six terms, first was elected in
1983. She has lived in the West Springfield area since 1961.

SECTION: Fairfax Extra; T29

LENGTH: 219 words


Born: Feb. 12, 1927 (Lincoln's birthday), in Jacksonville, Fla.

Married to Warren for 58 years. Children: Susan, Mark and Matthew.

Pets: Cats, Puffy, Squeaker, Dusty, Flippin, Screamer, Pixie and Momma Cat.

Celebrity I most resemble: They say Margaret Thatcher.

My most notable characteristic or personality trait: Sense of humor.

Favorite quote: "I shall allow no man to belittle my soul by making me hate
him." -- Booker T. Washington.

Best movie I've ever seen: "The Awakening."

Best book I've ever read: "Pride and Prejudice," by Jane Austen.

Favorite TV show of all time: "Keeping Up Appearances."

Restaurant in my district where my constituents would most likely run into me:
Milano's.

My favorite restaurant outside my district: Mike's American Grill.

Favorite birthday cake: Coconut.

Car I drive: Lincoln Town Car.

Best car I've ever had: Lincoln.

Politician I most admire: Rep. Frank R. Wolf (R-Va.).

Favorite president: Ronald Reagan (R).

Most important influence in my life: My church.

Favorite place to vacation: Florida.

Most interesting place I ever visited: Universal Studios in Hollywood.

Pet peeve: Negativity.

Impression people have of me that I would most like to change: Punctuality.

Impression people have of Fairfax County that I would most like to change: It's
a bloated bureaucracy.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              589 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  December 22, 1993, Wednesday, Final Edition

The Good Fight for the GOP

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE A20; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 211 words


John Podhoretz's generally amusing Nov. 28 Outlook article [". . . The GOP:
Learning to Be Losers"] left Post readers with a mistaken impression of the
Phoenix Forum.

It is surprising that Mr. Podhoretz, as committed to his beliefs as he is, would
belittle the Phoenix Forum and other such groups that are going about the
serious business of focusing the GOP on the true concerns of the next generation
of Americans. Members of the Phoenix Forum are not "moderate" Republicans
(whatever that means) looking for something to "stand for." On the contrary, the
Phoenix Forum exists to promote an agenda of limited government, economic
growth, safe streets, school vouchers and a strong national defense.

It is true that we are not "haters," (i.e., those who cannot tolerate
diversity), but neither are we fearful of promoting traditional values.

The Phoenix Forum has nothing to do with "networking" or "crunching ice" and has
everything to do with overcoming the perception of incoherency that marked the
Bush presidency. While networking may be a useful byproduct of any organization,
the Phoenix Forum exists to rekindle the war of ideas that the GOP lost to the
(now extinct) New Democrats in 1992.

KURT SUMMERS Chairman, Phoenix Forum Washington

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              590 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             May 22, 2014 Thursday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Running with, not from, gender. (In heels.)

BYLINE: Ben Terris

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1126 words

DATELINE: LEXINGTON, KY.


LEXINGTON, Ky. - Alison Lundergan Grimes says it everywhere she goes. She said
it at dozens of stops in Kentucky over the past week. She said it at her victory
speech here Tuesday night after securing the Democratic nomination for Senate.
And she plans to say it again all the way to November. She's not an "empty
dress."

Ever since a Republican strategist used the insult months ago to belittle the
35-year-old Grimes, she has made it a rallying point in her quest to dislodge
the Senate's GOP leader, Mitch McConnell, from the Kentucky seat he has held for
three decades.

Her point is not subtle. Grimes, unabashedly embracing the political upside of
her gender, is suggesting that McConnell, 72, is not taking this female
challenger (or other women) as seriously as he should.

"I am not an empty dress, I am not a rubber stamp, and I am not a cheerleader,"
she said in a speech Tuesday night after she and McConnell each easily defeated
primary opponents and officially began what is shaping up to be one of the
year's most heated political battles.

Grimes, Kentucky's secretary of state, aims to introduce herself anew to voters
Wednesday with a minute-long television spot featuring her speaking into the
camera. She is trying to accentuate the differences between herself and
McConnell, a dark-suited Washington player more than twice her age who could
become Senate majority leader if he beats Grimes and the GOP gains six seats in
the chamber in November.

Grimes's focus on her gender follows years of efforts by other female candidates
who have sought ways to be their authentic selves while also setting aside
concerns that some voters might have about electing women to jobs traditionally
held by men.

For Hillary Rodham Clinton in 2008, that meant adopting a tough, all-business
persona and wearing pantsuits. For House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi
(D-Calif.), it has been a kind of well-heeled feminist. Two other Democratic
women running for Senate this year - Michelle Nunn in Georgia and Mary Landrieu,
who is seeking reelection in Louisiana - are talking about their famous family
ties.

Grimes's approach, in contrast, may most closely resemble that of Sarah Palin,
the 2008 GOP vice-presidential nominee, who made a splash by showcasing herself
as a lipstick-wearing hockey mom, unafraid of tangling with her male
adversaries.

Last year, Grimes, who has been a kickboxing instructor, tweeted a picture of
herself wearing a tank top and jeans and wielding a rifle. After McConnell
received an award from the National Rifle Association, Grimes wrote: "Whenever
he's not busy pandering to DC lobbyists, I welcome Sen. McConnell to come shoot
with me at the range any day."

Grimes used similarly confrontational rhetoric in her speech Tuesday night,
noting McConnell's past efforts to talk about President Obama on the campaign
trail. "Senator McConnell," she said sternly, "this race is between you and me."

Signaling the bitter fight ahead, Grimes criticized McConnell during her speech
for "30 years of failed leadership," portraying him as out of touch with
economically struggling Kentucky.

Of all the differences, though, she has most emphasized gender.

Often appearing in a brightly colored dress, Grimes repeatedly refers to her
wardrobe in her campaign addresses, even talking about her high heels. She calls
herself a "strong Kentucky woman" or an "independent Kentucky woman" and, as she
did Tuesday night, describes her grandmother as "one of the fiercest Kentucky
women I know."

In speech after speech, Grimes cites her support for equal pay and says
McConnell is "on the wrong side of every women's issue."

Female voters seen as key

Women, who are expected to make up the majority of the Kentucky electorate this
year, are considered by both sides as decisive in the race. McConnell split
their vote in his 2008 landslide reelection, but polls show Grimes leading among
women this year with the overall race a dead heat.

McConnell has responded by enlisting his wife, former labor secretary Elaine
Chao, to describe him in loving terms and defend his record in television ads
and speeches.

He emphasized women in his victory speech Tuesday, praising Chao as the "only
Kentucky woman in history to be a member of a president's Cabinet." He also
credited his mother for his determination and tenacity. And when McConnell
attacked Obama's health-care law, he did so by citing the complaints of three
women - one the mother of five girls. "All these women have something in
common," he said. "They got a raw deal."

McConnell demonstrated that he might prefer to run against other men - Senate
Majority Leader Harry M. Reid (D-Nev.), Obama, perhaps even Grimes's father,
former state Democratic Party chairman Jerry Lundergan - than focus on his
toe-to-toe matchup with Grimes.

"A vote for my opponent is a vote for a guy who says coal makes you sick,"
McConnell said, referring to Reid's support for environmental regulations that
many lawmakers from Kentucky and coal-producing states decry as harmful to the
industry. Grimes, too, has criticized the Obama administration on the issue.

In a reference to the role of Lundergan, McConnell described Grimes as "a
partisan's partisan who's been practicing partisan politics since she learned to
talk."

In a race expected to draw tens of millions of dollars in attack ads targeting
each candidate, much of the early effort on the right will be aimed at defining
Grimes, who is far less known than McConnell.

A new spot from McConnell allies depicts Grimes on a red carpet with
superimposed images of the Obamas and her "liberal Hollywood" supporters.
"Liberals coast to coast are rolling out the red carpet for Alison Grimes," the
announcer says at the start of the ad. "Where's Alison Grimes on the issues?
Just look at her friends."

Standing strong in heels

In her appearances, Grimes speaks with an authoritative tone and often leads
call-and-response chants with crowds. She attributes her determination to her
"mama," and she takes the stage for her speeches with speakers blasting Katy
Perry's "Roar."

"This is a Kentucky woman through and through, who proudly wears a dress," she
said at one of her final stops along a statewide bus tour that culminated with
Tuesday's primary.

She paused, looked down at her strawberry-red outfit, and let the crowd of a few
dozen supporters whoop and holler at the inside joke. "[One] who thinks on her
own, who has an independent mind but does what is best for the people of this
state."

She wasn't done talking about what she was wearing.

"I have stood strong in these heels," she said shortly after her speech in a
brief interview inside her bus. "I've run circles around [McConnell] in this
state in my heels, and we're going to continue to do that."

ben.terris@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              591 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            November 12, 2012 Monday

LENGTH: 472 words


SILVER LAKE'S FREEMAN TO SIGN AT ILLINOIS STATE: Silver Lake's Mackenzie Freeman
will sign a letter of intent to play basketball with Illinois State at 2:40 p.m.
on Wednesday in the commons area at Silver Lake Jr.-Sr. High.

WASHINGTON STATE CALLS FOR REVIEW OF LEACH: Washington State President Elson
Floyd has called for a review of claims of abusive behavior by coach Mike Leach
and his staff toward players by wide receiver Marquess Wilson.

The decision by Floyd comes one day after Wilson quit the team. Wilson says he
left the program because of the actions of Leach and his staff. Wilson says the
new staff has "preferred to belittle, intimidate and humiliate us," and that
included physical abuse.

FEDERER, DJOKOVIC TO SQUARE OFF IN ATP FINALS: As usual, Roger Federer is
looking to add to one of his many records. And as many expected, Novak Djokovic
will be trying to stop him.

The top two players in the world advanced to the championship match at the ATP
finals on Sunday at O2 Arena in London, each looking beatable early before
turning things around. Federer, a six-time champion at the season-ending event,
advanced by beating U.S. Open champion Andy Murray 7-6 (5), 6-2. The top-ranked
Djokovic defeated Juan Martin del Potro 4-6, 6-3, 6-2.

NO PROGRESS MADE IN LAST ROUND OF NHL TALKS: As quickly as NHL labor
negotiations got going again, they came to a screeching halt. Now there is no
telling when the league and the players will return to the bargaining table.

After a one-day break following a series of formal discussions this week, the
sides got back to business on Sunday. Less than 90 minutes after talks solely
about player-contract issues started, they were over. The players contend the
NHL has dug in on its position and is not willing to negotiate.

"The owners made it clear there is no give with respect to their proposals
unless the players are willing to take them - this is my phrase, not theirs -
down to the comma, then there is nothing to do, that we're past the point of
give and take," players' association executive director Donald Fehr said..

GRIZZLIES BEAT HEAT 104-86 FOR 5TH STRAIGHT WIN: The Miami Heat focused on
shutting down Memphis' inside scoring duo of Zach Randolph and Marc Gasol.
Grizzlies reserve guard Wayne Ellington made them pay dearly for it. Ellington
had career bests with seven 3-pointers and 25 points, leading the Grizzlies over
the Heat 104-86 on Sunday for their fifth straight win and the best start in
franchise history.

T-WOLVES BUDINGER HAS TORN LEFT MENISCUS: Minnesota Timberwolves swingman Chase
Budinger will be out indefinitely with a torn meniscus in his left knee. The
Timberwolves made the announcement Sunday night, one day after Budinger was
injured in a game against the Chicago Bulls. The Wolves say he will need
surgery, which will be scheduled later this week.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              592 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                    September 2, 2004 Thursday Home Edition

READERS WRITE

BYLINE: WALLACE SAGENDORPH, GRIFFIN GARNER, HAROLD DENNARD, GREGG BAUER,
KATHLEEN ETHIER, RICHARD NIKONOVICH-KAHN, AMY RICHARDS, LEWIS A. MASSEY

SOURCE: For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 936 words


Presidential election

Kerry's acts truly brave

Jim Wooten ludicrously labels the anti-war protesters in New York as the
"philosophical core of the Democratic Party" ("Kerry's role after Vietnam is
fair game," @issue, Aug. 31).

He concludes that John Kerry's alleged obeisance to this core, together with his
1970s anti-war activism, cast doubt on whether he "is best able to make this
nation safe for ourselves and our children."

If Kerry's Vietnam-era experiences are relevant to this issue, so are President
Bush's. And to say that one who faced enemy fire, was decorated for bravery and
then stood up against the Vietnam War is less capable of prosecuting a war on
terror than one who avoided Vietnam by string-pulling his way into the Texas Air
National Guard is equally ludicrous.

WALLACE SAGENDORPH, Atlanta

Free speech, sort of

Democrats and those on the left have been quick to criticize the Bush
administration and its policies as attacking our rights of free expression.

I wonder, however, what happened to this defense of free speech when many of
these same people attack Sen. Zell Miller for speaking his mind: Is it irony or
hypocrisy?

GRIFFIN GARNER, Carrollton

Purple Heart Band-Aids do disservice

Republican delegates wearing Purple Heart Band-Aids to belittle John Kerry must
not have ever had a loved one or friend die or be wounded fighting for this
country. It is a shame that people would stoop so low as to defame an honorable
medal.

I am ashamed of President Bush or anyone else who would allow this. It is time
to put aside party loyalty when it calls for dishonoring combat veterans.

HAROLD DENNARD, Canton

Vernon Jones

AJC endorsement looks pretty lame

Why is The Atlanta Journal-Constitution a day late and a dollar short in
criticizing DeKalb County CEO Vernon Jones ("Curtains closed too long,"
Editorial, Aug. 31)?

A couple of months ago, the newspaper endorsed him in the Democratic primary.
Although only in the past couple of weeks have the new allegations come to
light, there was no shortage of scandals before that --- the bodyguards, the
alleged mistreatment of women and a shady land deal, to name a few.

The newspaper could have backed Commissioner Judy Yates, an honest, experienced
and hard-working candidate who ran against Jones.

GREGG BAUER, Atlanta

'Thriving' DeKalb appears anything but

My street marks the border between Atlanta and unincorporated DeKalb County
("DeKalb thriving, news reports to contrary," Equal Time, Aug. 31). My taxes may
be higher than my DeKalb neighbors', but my services are much better.

The DeKalb end is in shambles --- piles of trash, household items and yard waste
never picked up by the county. When I called DeKalb's sanitation department to
report a dead cat in the road, I was told that it would take five days to remove
it and was asked to push it to the side.

If this is what Vernon Jones considers "thriving," he's nuttier than I thought.

KATHLEEN ETHIER, Atlanta

'Suppression' claims hard to take seriously

Shaunti Feldhahn's whining is laughable ("Trumpeters of tolerance intolerant,"
@issue, Sept. 1): In school, her opinions were "suppressed," but the
"suppression" seems to have consisted of others finding her views distasteful.

She complains that Georgia State University considered punishing white students
for partying in blackface. How dare even consider suppressing the right of white
students to parade as minstrels!

Finally she complains that the University of North Carolina has refused to
subsidize a Christian fraternity. How intolerant --- refusing to spend taxpayer
dollars to support a group whose core belief is that nonbelievers are condemned
to eternal damnation.

Given the public forum accorded Feldhahn by The Atlanta Journal-Constitution,
her complaint of suppression rings hollow indeed.

RICHARD NIKONOVICH-KAHN, Atlanta

Don't cut Medicaid for disabled children

As someone who voted for Gov. Sonny Perdue, I am appalled that the state is
considering further cuts in Medicaid for disabled children ("Additional Medicaid
cuts on tap," Metro, Aug. 26).

Few families can independently bear the extraordinary costs of raising a
disabled child. Private medical insurance simply doesn't cover it.

It is not only morally right to help disabled children; in the long run, it also
benefits the state's fiscal condition. If these children get the services they
need now, they will be less likely to need government assistance as adults.

AMY RICHARDS, Roswell

Don't overlook SciTrek's pluses

During my time at SciTrek, net income increased from $143,000 in fiscal year
2001 to $1.164 million in 2003. Revenue climbed from $2.6 million to $3.8
million in that time. Accomplishments included opening a Challenger Space
Learning Center and starting a training program for science teachers. We also
opened several new exhibits and a computer clubhouse for underprivileged
children.

Unfortunately, nine months after I left, several simultaneous issues led the new
leadership to close SciTrek ("SciTrek hard up, but not CEOs," News, Aug. 27).
Most notably, Atlanta decided that High Tech high school could stay at SciTrek
for only a year. That school was to have been the centerpiece of an expanded
model for SciTrek for the next several years.

Thousands of children had unique educational experiences at SciTrek in the past
three years because of our efforts and the generosity of many Georgians. That is
a legacy I will always be proud of.

LEWIS A. MASSEY

Massey, of Norcross, is the former president of Scitrek.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Vernon Jones; Photo: Delegates holding up signs at the
Republican National Convention / WILLIAM SNYDER / Dallas Morning News

TYPE: Letters

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              593 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    May 30, 1993, SUNDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

THE WOMAN'S TOUCH; GENDER BARRIERS IN THE LEGISLATURE ARE SLOWLY YIELDING

BYLINE: Virginia Young Post-Dispatch Jefferson City Bureau

SECTION: WAR PAGE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 2112 words

DATELINE: JEFFERSON CITY


REP. KAREN McCARTHY remembers one of her first battles on the House floor, when
she challenged a skilled debater, then-Rep. Jack Buechner.  McCarthy, D-Kansas
City, won that fight in the late 1970s, but Buechner, R-Kirkwood, delivered a
parting shot. "Don't stand there and bat your baby blue Orphan Annie eyes at
me," he snapped.  Today, no one belittles McCarthy, chairwoman of the
tax-writing Ways and Means Committee. She is among the women in the House who
play key roles on everything from insurance and job training to education and
mental health.  "Back then, there was a real testing that went on," McCarthy
says. "It's a little easier now. We paved the way." This year, 11 new female
members took office, bringing the total to 36 out of 163 House members. That's a
record high.  The trend hasn't reached the Missouri Senate, where only Sen.
Irene Treppler, R-south St. Louis County, breaks up the sea of 33 dark suits.
Until January, women held two seats, but former Sen. Pat Danner, D-Smithville,
left when voters sent her to Congress.  Though their numbers are still
relatively small, the women legislators are putting their stamp on state
government. They are shaping legislation, spearheading budget decisions and
influencing gubernatorial appointments, often in ways that reflect their gender.
In the session that ended May 14, McCarthy guided the riverboat gambling bill.
Rep. Annette Morgan, D-Kansas City, helped craft the new school-aid formula.
Rep. Kaye Steinmetz, D-Florissant, carried the ball on family issues. Three
other women - Reps. Sheila Lumpe, D-University City; Gracia Backer, D-New
Bloomfield; and Carole Roper Park, D-Sugar Creek - led budget subcommittees.
They decided how to spend millions of dollars for state parks, highways and
mental hospitals, among other things.  Occasionally, a woman's voice even rang
out from the dais in the House chamber, when Rep. May Scheve, the Democratic
Caucus secretary, filled in as acting speaker. The House changed its rules this
year, so that members could address Scheve, D-Affton, and other women who
presided as "Madame Speaker" instead of "Mr. Speaker." The women credit House
Speaker Bob F. Griffin, D-Cameron, with placing them in important posts. "He
likes people who work, and he found out that women were workhorses," says
Morgan, the Education Committee chairwoman.  Women's Issues, Or Not?  Some of
the women focus on traditional areas involving families, children, education and
health.  Steinmetz, for example, fought 17 years to get the state to license and
inspect church-run child care centers. Her persistence paid off this year; she
passed a compromise requiring centers to meet health and fire codes. The
Legislature also passed her bill establishing a family court system.  Morgan,
sponsor of the $310 million tax increase for education, insisted on reform
provisions forcing schools to set higher standards and assess student progress.
A former teacher, she had seen firsthand the children who slip through the
cracks.  Rep. Sue Shear, D-Clayton, succeeded in closing a health insurance gap
for homemakers who are suddenly widowed or divorced. Federal law requires an
employer to offer a group policy to surviving spouses or ex-spouses of employees
for three years.  Shear's measure extends the coverage until women reach age 65
and can get Medicare, and it caps what they must pay. She tucked the provision
into Speaker Griffin's health-care bill.  Park was instrumental in scaling back
a Senate proposal to chop $10 million from the Department of Mental Health. The
all-male Senate Appropriations Committee "chose to cut those issues that
directly affect children and health care," Park says. "Those are issues women
know more about." Other women legislators specialize in areas traditionally
reserved for men.  Lumpe, for example, oversees budgets for the departments of
Economic Development and Natural Resources.  In job-training programs, she
watches to see that women aren't steered to lower-paying jobs, and that classes
geared to single parents encompass child care. When a woman has toddlers to care
for, "you can't just say, "Here's your job training, go take it,' " Lumpe says.
A voracious reader, Lumpe has mastered the vocabulary of the environmental
technocrats. "Sheila can talk wastewater treatment with the best of them," quips
Rep. Bonnie Sue Cooper, R-Kansas City and president-elect of the National Order
of Women Legislators.  Backer also works in non-traditional areas, tangling with
budgets for highways, tax collection and motor vehicle licensing. As assistant
majority leader, she is the highest-ranking woman in the House and attends
leadership meetings where the House agenda is set.  The younger women in the
House promise to break even more ground. Take Rep.  Katie Steele, a 32-year-old
Democrat from Kirksville. She handled a technical 167-page bill that makes
numerous changes in insurance laws.  "I'm of a younger generation that doesn't
necessarily believe there's a women's issue," Steele says.  Steinmetz: "I Care
Deeply" Women have served in the House since 1923, when voters elected two
women, one of them Mellcene Thurman Smith, a St. Louis County Democrat.  For the
next 20 years, voters never sent more than five women to the Legislature at a
time, according to an article by Mary K. Dains in the Missouri Historical
Review. A record six women won House seats in 1942.  After little change in the
1950s, the number rose to seven in 1967.  The real growth began in the 1970s,
when women went from holding nine seats in 1971 to 16 by the end of the decade.
The number grew to 30 by 1991.  Sen. Treppler and Rep. Shear are the senior
women in the Legislature. Both won their first elections, to House seats, after
redistricting in 1972.  Shear says her early battles were lonely ones; she
sponsored the Equal Rights Amendment, but Missouri never approved it. She also
pushed for early childhood education, a concept that finally flowered in the
1980s and became the Parents as Teachers program.  Shear's mentor was the late
DeVerne Calloway, the first black woman representative, who was elected in 1962.
One time, a male colleague hurled a string of obscenities at Shear for violating
a minor House rule.  "I was almost hysterical," Shear says. "DeVerne pushed me
into the bathroom and said, 'If you're going to be a political person and you
don't have any enemies, you're not worth anything.' " Shear and other women say
they still go to great lengths to avoid showing emotion. Steinmetz, who has
gotten teary-eyed occasionally on the House floor, once faced an election
opponent who charged she was too emotional. "I believe if there's no tears,
there's no heart," she says. "I care deeply about constituents and people in
need." Seek Common Ground Some argue that women are better suited to lawmaking
because of their temperament. They say women are more open and direct, less
prone toward posturing or blowing up.  "Women have a natural negotiating
manner," says Cooper, the Kansas City Republican. "Most of us don't get cussing
mad. We look for compromises." Rep. Sandy Kauffman, R-Kansas City, demonstrated
that trait when she sought middle ground on the education tax increase. After
voting against it when the House initially defeated it, she organized a "small
focus group" to pinpoint Republican concerns.  Kauffman and other Republicans
then presented their ideas to Gov. Mel Carnahan, a Democrat. He accepted
several, picking up a handful of Republican votes, including Kauffman's.
Kauffman says she wanted to make sure the courts did not take over school
finance. "It was our responsibility as legislators to put the matter to rest,"
she says.  Often, women seek common ground and connection to others and men tend
to protect their independence and status, according to sociolinguist Deborah
Tannen's recent book, "You Just Don't Understand, Women and Men in
Conversation." Morgan, the Kansas City Democrat, has seen vivid examples of
that. She compares male-dominated discussions at conferences she has attended to
exclusively female panels sponsored by the Center for the American Woman and
Politics at Rutgers University.  "It is totally night-and-day different," Morgan
says. The men "tend to stick to defining things and drawing parameters around
them and making pretty little speeches about them." The women, on the other
hand, are all "talking at once," she said. "They relate to each other. One says,
'Hey, help me with a problem,' somebody else takes it up and it's alive and it's
vibrant and it gets pretty crazy." Divided Loyalties The female delegation is by
no means a solid bloc. Often, party loyalty and regional differences separate
the women. Twenty three of the women are Democrats and 13 Republicans.
Twenty-six come from urban areas; 10 are from outstate. Three are black; the
rest are white.  Then there's abortion, the most polarizing issue legislators
face. The majority of the women - 26 - favor abortion rights. The other 10 line
up in the anti-abortion camp.  Given all those differences, the Missouri Women
Legislators Caucus sometimes has trouble finding common ground. Only three years
old, the caucus presses for more women appointees in government and unites
behind a few bills.  Scheve and other members of the caucus' executive board met
weekly with Carnahan's appointments chief, John Beakley, to suggest women for
Cabinet posts and boards and commissions. "We gave them 13 resumes and got seven
(appointed), so that's a pretty good batting average," Scheve says.  Overall,
Carnahan tapped 65 women out of a total of 190 appointments. Four of his 11
Cabinet choices were women.  The caucus also chalked up two legislative
victories: bills to prosecute "stalkers" and regulate religious child care
centers.  Three caucus bills failed. They would have banned sexual
discrimination in schools, regulated sewage systems and made the language in
Missouri's laws gender-neutral.  The latter bill would have replaced references
to "he" in the statutes with plural or neutral pronouns. That bill breezed
through the House but sank in the Senate. Treppler, the only female senator,
opposed it. She says the masculine pronoun is "inclusive and means men and
women." The women in the House say having more women in the Senate would have
made a difference. The sponsor of the gender-neutral bill, Rep. Jo Ann Karll,
D-High Ridge, said, "There was no one in the Senate who had the passion for this
issue that I did." Rep. Paula Carter, D-St. Louis, has a harsher assessment;
"It's like the U.S. Senate was - there's no sensitivity as far as women are
concerned." "Have To Be Invited In" Despite their progress, some women
legislators say they still battle stereotypes and sexism. Some have contended
with false rumors about their private lives and frequent comments about their
looks.  "That's the kind of thing that permeates the place," says Rep. Joan
Bray, D-University City. "Everybody from the speaker on down will remark on how
you look, or make a remark about shopping or gossiping." Bray was prepared.
"Before I came here, I read a book about how to use humor to deflect it. There's
no advantage to getting all straight-backed about it." Keeping up with family
duties and household chores also can be a struggle when four tiring days each
week are spent in Jefferson City.  Rep. Laurie Donovan, R-Spanish Lake, puts it
this way. "I've often said, 'I wish I had a housewife,' so when I went home on
weekends, I didn't have to do the laundry and the grocery shopping." Donovan's
children are grown. For younger women, the juggling act can be even trickier.
Rep. Beth Long, R-Lebanon, makes sure to leave casseroles that her husband and
16-year-old daughter can microwave while she's gone. "You have to be organized,"
she says.  Steele, the Kirksville Democrat, agonizes over how to fit it all in.
"Every year," she says, "I think, should I run for re-election or should I start
my family? Or could I do both? I wouldn't want to be a failure at either one."
Next year, McCarthy, the Ways and Means chairwoman, will break another barrier,
when she becomes the first woman president of the National Conference of State
Legislatures, a 7,424-member group that sponsors conferences on state issues.
But women in politics still have a long way to go, the women legislators say.
Though "The Year of the Woman" increased their number, women still make up only
22 percent of the House - far short of women's 53 percent share of the state's
population.  Because men call most of the shots, "you can get close to the real
seat of power," McCarthy says. "but you still have to be invited in."

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; (1) Photo by AP - ABOVE: Reps. Mary Bland (left), D-Kansas City,
Annette Morgan (center), D-Kansas city, and Gloria Weber, D-St. Louis, in the
Missouri House as the chamber approved the new school-finance bill on May 14.
(2)Photo by AP - LEFT: Right behind Gov. Mel Carnahan as he entered the House to
deliver his State of the State address in January were (from left) Reps. Paula
Carter, D-St. Louis, Mary Bland, D-Kansas City, and Karen McCarthy, D-Kansas
City. (3) Photo Headshot of Rep. Sue Shear.

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              594 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                            June 10, 1971, Thursday

SECTION: Page 35, Column 3

LENGTH: 63 words

Boro Presidents split on proposal to make NYC 51st state, Abrams, Sutton
enthusiastic, Leviss asks further study, Connor rejects it, Leone not available
for comment; NYC Mayor Lindsay criticizes state's plan to investigate city,
dinner, NYS Conf of Mayors and Other Munic Officials; Lindsay says Legis record
has been 'chillingly anti-cities,'; belittles Rockefeller adm record

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

              Copyright 1971 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              595 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                           August 28, 1996, Wednesday

Is it a Boardman, is it a plane..?; CYCLING: Britain's free-wheeler starts his
title pursuit at the World Track Championships in Manchester today. Guy Hodgson
reports

BYLINE: Guy Hodgson

SECTION: SPORT; Page  S1

LENGTH: 1267 words


For a man who was discussing Superman positions, Chris Boardman looked in need
of an urgent visit to a telephone box. Even drippy Clark Kent remembers to put
socks on, and what sportsman comes to a press conference these days wearing a
shirt and tie?

The image was incongruous given the talk about the mountains that are about to
be attempted, but the conviction behind Boardman's words had the ring of
authenticity. If things go to plan at the Manchester Velodrome over the next 10
days, Britain's most celebrated cyclist will have reclaimed two of the sport's
great prizes.

This morning he begins his assault on the 4,000 metres pursuit title at the
World Track Championships, and next Friday he will try to ride further in one
hour than any man has gone before. It is an intimidating agenda but to hear him
diminishes the scale.

"I believe the world record will be broken in the pursuit," he said.  "In fact,
I will be more surprised if it wasn't broken than if it was." As for the hour,
the blue riband cycling equivalent of athletics' four- minute mile, he said he
would not be even attempting it if he did not have a margin to work with. "It
would be too much of a risk," he said.  "There are no second prizes."

It was not the idle bragging that belittles many a sportsman, nor the mock
bravado of an athlete constructing his confidence by saying what he wants to
hear. Boardman, who turned 28 on Monday, has done the experiments and has reason
to believe he can enhance a reputation built on his Olympic gold medal in the
pursuit in Barcelona four years ago. There is also the little matter of a new
riding position.

This involves stretching out the arms and lying on the handlebars so that the
rider, from the waist up, looks like he is flying. It did not take a quantum
leap of imagination to draw parallels with Superman, and when the Italian Andrea
Collinelli used the position invented by Boardman's fellow Briton, Graeme Obree,
to win the gold at the Atlanta Olympics, the results look super, too.

Certainly they did to Boardman, who returned from the Olympics, tried to take
off on a specially modified bike in trials in Manchester, and was flying within
an afternoon. "It's a considerable improvement," Boardman, who held the hour
record for a year until Obree broke it in 1994, said.  "I don't like it. I think
it's going towards human-powered vehicle racing, but if it's within the rules
and I consider it to be an advantage, I'll use it."

A new position has coincided with his return to fitness. A slight viral
infection hamstrung Boardman in the Tour de France, where he finished 39th, and
the effect of the three-week Tour had an effect in Atlanta, where he could claim
only bronze in the time trial. At Manchester, however, he has uncovered his
form.

Even without the Superman position, Boardman was doing enough to suggest he
would outstrip the hour record of 55.295 kilometres, set by Switzerland's Tony
Rominger in November 1994 at Bordeaux, the scene of the Merseysider's own
record. The advantage of taking it lying down has pushed back the limits now and
the 56km mark is within reach.

"I won't be drawn into figures," Boardman said, "because I then have to live up
to it. Everyone will be waiting. Expecting. All I'll say is that 56 kilometres
is possible. If I thought I could only do 55.35 or 55.4, I wouldn't do it. If
you're talking about breaking a record by 50 metres, it would be so close it
would be unpleasant to try. The mental pressure would be enormous."

The whole record is a question of mind. The last time he broke it, the sheer
enormity of what he was undertaking paralysed Boardman. "Starting is very
difficult," he admitted.

"There's no fixed time, someone just tells you to go when you're ready.  I
remember sitting at Bordeaux thinking, 'You've got to go, you've got to go'.

"It's all ahead of you. The unknown. Can I do it? You don't get many people who
do the thing in training. You do portions of it - 20 kilometres, half an hour -
but you don't do it all. To have the whole thing in front of you is enormous."

Boardman's first attempt will be on 6 September, but the following day has also
been set aside in case of mishap, as well as the following weekend.

"I want to do it as soon as possible. There's always a chance I might want to
return to it, but I'm in good form now and want to get it over with," he said.

First, however, there is the World Track Championships and the title he won in
1994. Then Boardman indicated he would probably turn his back on the pursuit,
but the pull of an event so close to home has proved irresistible.  "It's an
hour from where I live. And that's unlikely to happen again in my cycling
career. It will be a very special occasion for me." If it all goes to plan, it
will be special for more than him.

World Championships Timetable

Today

0900: Men's individual pursuit first round

1020: Keirin heats

1055: Women's sprint qualifying round (200m time trial)

1140: Keirin repechages

1500: Opening ceremony

1530: Presentation of UCI 1996 World Cup

1600: Men's individual pursuit quarter-finals

1635: Women's sprint first round

1715: Keirin second round

1735: Women's sprint repechages

1755: Kilometre time trial final

1910: Keirin final

1925: Time trial and Keirin presentation ceremonies

1955: Madison final

Tomorrow

1600: Olympic sprint first round

1635: Women's sprint eighth-finals

1705: Men's individual pursuit semi-finals

1725: Women's sprint repechages

1740: Olympic sprint second round

1800: Women's sprint quarter-finals, first match

1820: Madison presentation ceremony

1840: Women's sprint quarter-finals, second match

1905: Men's individual pursuit final

1915: Women's sprint quarter-finals, decider

1925: Men's individual pursuit ceremony

1945: Women's sprint 5th-8th place

1955: Olympic sprint finals

Friday

0900: Team pursuit first round

1100: Men's sprint qualifying round (200m time trial)

1600: Women's sprint semi-finals, first match

1615: Team pursuit quarter-finals

1650: Women's sprint semi-finals, second match

1700: Olympic sprint ceremony

1720: Women's sprint semi-finals, decider

1725: Men's sprint first round

1815: Women's sprint final, first match

1830: Women's points race final

1915: Women's sprint final, second match

1925: Men's sprint repechages

1950: Women's sprint final, decider

Saturday

1030: Women's pursuit first round

1500: Men's sprint second round

1540: Women's sprint and points race ceremonies

1610: Team pursuit semi-finals

1630: Men's sprint repechages

1650: Women's 500m time trial final

1755: Men's sprint eighth-finals

1820: Women's 500m time trial ceremony

1840: Men's sprint repechages

1900: Team pursuit final

1915: Men's sprint quarter-finals, first match

1930: Team pursuit ceremony

1950: Men's sprint quarter-finals, second match

2010: Women's pursuit quarter-finals

2035: Men's sprint quarter-finals, decider

Sunday

1500: Men's sprint semi-finals, first match

1515: Women's pursuit semi-finals

1535: Men's sprint semi-finals, second match

1545: Men's sprint 5th-8th places

1555: Men's sprint semi-finals, decider

1610: Men's points race final

1705: Men's sprint final, first match

1715: Men's points race ceremony

1735: Women's pursuit final

1750: Men's sprint final, second match

1800: Women's pursuit ceremony

1820: Men's sprint final, decider

1830: Men's sprint ceremony


LOAD-DATE: August 28, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1996 Independent Print Ltd


                              596 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  September 29, 1994, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Biographer belittles Brando's book

BYLINE: Katy Kelly

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 509 words


Peter Manso's take on Marlon Brando's autobiography: "It's a $ 6 million con job
. . . a wholesale remanufacturing of history. . . . He throws out one lie after
another."

There's a reason behind the swipe: Manso is the author of Brando (Hyperion, $
29.95), a new War and Peace-length bio of the once brilliant, once handsome
actor.

Brando's own book, Brando: Songs My Mother Taught Me (Random House, $ 25), has
been criticized for failing to include important personal milestones like
marriages, the divorces that followed and any news of his children.

But is Manso guilty of telling more than most readers want to know? In a phone
conversation, he describes Brando as a paranoid man "who now wears size-52
underwear and is filled with such self-contempt."

Manso - who spent "almost eight years" interviewing and re-interviewing "between
750 and 1,000 (Brando) sources" - insists he didn't set out to Cuisinart
Brando's reputation. "For the first two or three years of this project I
resisted a lot of the negative stuff people were telling me. I realized there
are multiple Brandos. . . . There's the evil Marlon, Marlon the artist, Marlon
the bore and destroyer of people, Marlon the vulgar, Marlon the generous, Marlon
the paranoid, Marlon the skinflint, the Marlon who loves to tell fart jokes."

Brando is "a terribly unhappy man. Marlon's line of late is 'I've never been
happier in my life,' " Manso says, deeming the statement untrue and asking,
"With a daughter in Tahiti who's mad and a son in jail for killing someone?"

Manso says Brando is paranoid and has taken extreme measures to protect himself.
"He has a special phone system installed so he can automatically tape record
(conversations), he has survival rations, he's got guns all over the place. . .
. He calls in specialists. He has installed pneumatic spikes which will jump out
of the driveway to impale cars. He's a techno-freak."

He is fearful (apparently with cause) that employees will tell all or take
advantage of his wealth. "The staff, they all have to sign confidentiality
agreements. They all have to fill out daily time sheets. He's the tightest guy
around."

Brando's relationships with friends are erratic and uneven, Manso says. "His
closest friends will tell you Marlon never trusts anyone. . . . Marlon will
always reach flashpoint. He will always accuse you of betraying him." A call to
Brando's office was not returned.

Manso's overall impression: "It's terribly poignant and sad. We're talking about
one of the great artists of our time. It's as if Picasso, in the middle of his
career, started painting like (big-eyed children portrait artist Walter) Keane."

EXCERPT

What caught (Brando employee Tom) Papke's attention was the padlocked
refrigerator in the kitchen, a two-door, side-by-side model. Brando explained
that every night he had Yachiyo lock it up by looping a length of chain through
the door handles. Then he gave Papke one of his first tasks: He was to give his
employer lock-picking lessons on the sly.  -- From 'Brando'

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Gaspar Tringale,'Vanity Fair'; PHOTO, b/w, Nick Ut, AP

TYPE: People

See info box at end of text.

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              597 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   November 11, 1993, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Mexicans belittle 'enanito' and his claims

BYLINE: Debbie Howlett

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 300 words


Radio commentators in Mexico City Wednesday described Ross Perot as cara de
iguana, or "lizard face," and called him enanito, or "the little dwarf."

Hispanic activists and others in Mexico and the United States were more
diplomatic, but just as angry, saying Perot's rhetoric on NAFTA Tuesday was rife
with stereotypes and smacked of racism.

"I was incensed," said Raul Yzaguirre of the National Council of La Raza. "His
whole strategy seems to be to insult or malign the people of Mexico. I don't
think there's any thing borderline about that. It's outright racism."

John Bruten of the American Chamber of Commerce in Mexico City called Perot's
claims "a hideous exploitation of inaccurate stereotypes."

His claim that Mexicans cannot afford U.S. goods is "hooey," Bruten said.

Perot saw nothing wrong.

"I complimented the Mexican worker," he said at a news conference on Wednesday.
"I believe everything I said last night showed great respect for the Mexican
worker and great concern."

At one point in his debate with the vice president on the North American Free
Trade Agreement, Perot referred to 85 million people in poverty in Mexico.
That's the country's entire population.

Also during the debate, Perot cited a Mexican worker who earned $ 8.50 a day
working for an American manufacturer and dreamed of having an outhouse and
running water for his cardboard shack.

Jaime Sanchez Susarray, a political scientist and journalist in Guadalajara,
said there's good reason for animosity.

"You cannot reduce Mexico to cardboard houses," Sanchez said. "You know
perfectly well this is not Mexico. . . . He told many lies."

Perot has been dogged by charges of racial insensitivity before, specifically
during a speech to the NAACP in which he referred to blacks as "you people."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

THE NAFTA DEBATE

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              598 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                            November 30, 2003 Sunday

STAGE;
An acting talent is lost much too soon

BYLINE: By PAUL HODGINS , The Orange County Register

SECTION: ARTS

LENGTH: 540 words


The death of a theater actor is always a jolt to those who watch them regularly.
Ironically, the stage creates a bigger sense of idealized immortality than the
screen. A great live performance burns itself into our heads, and unlike a film
or TV role, our opinion can't be undermined by subsequent viewings. The thrill
will never be corrupted. It lives forever, a gift to memory.

Kellie Waymire gave me several such gifts in her short but brilliant career. The
actress died suddenly earlier this month; she was only 36.

Reading the online appreciations that hit the Internet this week, I was
disappointed to see little written about her stage roles. I don't mean to
belittle her fine work on ``Six Feet Under,'' ``Friends,'' ``NYPD Blue,'' Star
Trek: Voyager'' and many other TV series, but the stage was Kellie's first love,
and it was there that she truly shined.

I first saw Kellie in a production of A.R. Gurney's ``Sylvia'' at San Diego's
Old Globe Theatre in 1996. It's a silly little trifle from an old master -- the
story of an empty-nester's increasingly complex relationship with his dog,
Sylvia, who can magically talk to him -- but Kellie's portrayal of Sylvia made
the staging sing.

``Waymire hits all the right notes,'' I wrote in my review. ``Sarah Jessica
Parker played the dog in the New York production, but it's hard to imagine a
better mutt than Waymire's. With her mop of unruly hair and expressive, slightly
off-kilter face, this actress was made for quirky, comic roles.''

Those who worked with Kellie were as enamored of her talents as I was.

``She was so special,'' playwright John Glore said. Waymire played a leading
role in the world premiere of his screwball comedy, ``On the Jump,'' at South
Coast Repertory in 1999.

``She had wonderful technique and was very dedicated to her craft. But what
really struck me was how much humanity came through in (her portrayal). That's a
rare thing in an actor -- to be brave enough to show a part of yourself. It
makes a role leap off the stage.''

``She was very offbeat and quirky and yet very beautiful,'' said SCR casting
director Joanne DeNaut. ``You could cast her in so many different roles. She got
lots of TV (work) because she was so castable and versatile.''

Though Hollywood took up more and more of her time in her last years, Waymire
couldn't resist stage work, DeNaut said.

``I remember one time she had to turn down a reading of a new Horton Foote play
(at SCR) because she was going to Seattle. Then she called me back several hours
later and said, `I'll do the reading, but you have to drive me to the airport
right afterward. Can you do that?' So that's what we did. She was not going to
pass up the opportunity to read a new script by one of America's greatest living
playwrights.''

Glore and DeNaut agreed that Waymire was just beginning to hit her stride as a
serious actress. Both pointed to her recurring role as a prostitute on ``Six
Feet Under.'' ``She was ready to tackle darker, more complex (stage) roles,''
Glore said. ``One tragedy of her death is that now we'll never know how good she
could have been.''

Paul Hodgins is the Register's theater critic. His column runs every other
Sunday in Show.

Contact Hodgins at (714) 796-7979 or phodgins@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sudden death: Kellie Waymire played a leading role in the world
premiere of John Glore's screwball comedy, ``On the Jump,'' at South Coast
Repertory in 1999.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2003 Orange County Register


                              599 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                July 31, 1996, Wednesday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

BAUMGARTNER WRESTLES WITH IDEALIST GOALS

BYLINE: Bernie Miklasz

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 980 words

BERNIE MIKLASZ COMMENTARY COLUMN

DATELINE: RR ATLANTA


Bruce Baumgartner may be the Last Olympian.

That's an overstatement, of course. But Baumgartner - the decorated American
freestyle wrestler - clearly represents the old-fashioned, amateur virtues that
slowly are being Dream-Teamed out of the Games.

So to praise Baumgartner, we also must mourn the vanishing Olympic ideal. Other
U.S. team captains honored Baumgartner by choosing him to carry the American
flag in the Olympic opening ceremony, recognizing the natural fit of placing the
Stars and Stripes in his big hands.

"When I wrestled in the Olympics for the first time (1984), there was little
commercialism," Baumgartner said. "Very few people got paid. It has evolved into
very much more commercialism and people getting paid. A showcase for a lot of
other things. That's too bad. I don't belittle anybody getting that. But I would
consider myself more of an old-school Olympian than some of the younger
Olympians. I am paid very little.

"Of all the sports I know, wrestling probably is the most amateur - or, in other
words, the poorest. But you go out and represent your country, and I have strong
feelings of patriotism and great pride being from the United States of America.
I not only represent myself and my family, I represent the people of the United
States. This is the greatest country in the world."

Baumgartner means every word of it.

Those red, white and blue comments are an example of why fans, media, other
athletes and U.S. Olympic Committee officials blubber over a shy, aging,
286-pound, super-heavyweight wrestler who lives quietly with wife Linda and two
sons in a farm house outside of Edinboro, Pa.

Baumgartner, 35, stands for the right things. And he's also an excellent
wrestler. Baumgartner is a technician, a defensive specialist, t he sharpest
analytical mind on the mat. He inspects hours of video, examining replays for
subtle advantages. He tinkers with grips, always searching for a minor
refinement.

Baumgartner has won a record 17 senior national titles and hasn't lost to an
American since 1981. He's a three-time world champion, a three-time Pan Am Games
champion. He won Olympic gold medals in 1984 and 1992 and took the silver in
1988.

In March, Baumgartner won the Sullivan Award, given to the nation's top amateur
athlete. With a gold medal later this week, Baumgartner would join Alexander
Medved - from the former Soviet Union - as the only wrestlers to win three
Olympic gold medals.

By winning any medallion in Atlanta, Baumgartner also would become one of only
six American athletes to medal in four Olympics. The others are Carl Lewis
(track and field); Francis Conn Findlay (rowing/yachting); Al Oerter (track and
field); Michael Plumb (equestrian) and Norbert Schemansky (weightlifting).

Baumgartner is more famous in Iran or Turkey, nations where wrestling has more
mainstream status. In the U.S., he earns a modest salary as the wrestling coach
at Edinboro College. Baumgartner estimates that he makes slightly more than $
2,000 in endorsements. He occasionally picks up an extra paycheck as a
motivational speaker for a medical-insurance carrier in western Pennsylvania.

"I'm not in this for the money," Baumgartner said. "And I'm not in it for the
recognition. I got into wrestling because I love it. I know my children don't
really understand all the training, travel and the absences. My wife and family
have made a huge sacrifice. We don't have a whole lot of family time. My wife is
home alone an awful lot. Maybe sometimes it makes her feel like a single mother.
But hopefully, it'll all pay in the long run."

Baumgartner was shaken by the murder in January of fellow wrestler and longtime
friend Dave Schultz, who allegedly was shot by millionaire John duPont. In their
grief, the younger U.S. wrestlers leaned on Baumgartner for guidance.

Baumgartner is revered for his leadership and sportsmanship.

In his first match against rival Tom Erikson in the Olympic trials, Baumgartner
refused to attack Erikson's left elbow when the elbow became dislocated with 3
minutes 23 seconds remaining in the five-minute session. Baumgartner won, but
avoided Erikson's left side.

"I would never intentionally hurt somebody," Baumgartner said. "Some wrestlers
would go for that spot, but not me. I treat people like I want to be treated."

Baumgartner, the coach, has raised his voice in anger only once, when one young
wrestler cheap-shotted another. Baumgartner stomped onto the mat, screaming.
Everyone in the gym was shocked.

"We're all just human beings," Baumgartner said. "I might be a bit bett er
wrestler than the average person, that doesn't make me any better an individual.
Not that I'm trying to be a role model but hopefully, I'm not going to do
anything to embarrass myself, the sport, my family. Hopefully, some kids can
learn from that."

Here's a glimpse at the Baumgartner File:

A native of Haledon, N.J., Baumgartner wrestled collegiately at Indiana State.

He met Linda at Indiana State; she was a trainer who taped his ankles. Three
days later they had their first date at a Waffle House. She ordered oatmeal, he
had ice cream. That was Jan. 24, 1980. And every Jan. 24, they celebrate that
first date by eating the same meal.

"Maybe I'll be in Pennsylvania eating oatmeal and he'll be in Russia eating ice
cream, but we never forget," Linda said.

His hobbies are gardening, woodworking and stamp collecting. He fishes with sons
Bryan (3) and Zachary (5). When Zack's friends visit, Baumgartner gets down on
all fours and lets the kids climb on him.

When Baumgartner learned that he'd won the Sullivan Award - in a stunning upset
over track star Michael Johnson - he celebrated by calling hotel room service
and ordering . . . a triple-sized ice-cream sundae.

"The Sullivan winner," Linda said then, "is an Average Joe."

And maybe the Last Olympian.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              600 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                July 31, 1996, Wednesday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

BAUMGARTNER WRESTLES WITH IDEALIST GOALS

BYLINE: Bernie Miklasz

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 980 words

BERNIE MIKLASZ COMMENTARY COLUMN

DATELINE: ATLANTA


Bruce Baumgartner may be the Last Olympian.

That's an overstatement, of course. But Baumgartner - the decorated American
freestyle wrestler - clearly represents the old-fashioned, amateur virtues that
slowly are being Dream-Teamed out of the Games.

So to praise Baumgartner, we also must mourn the vanishing Olympic ideal. Other
U.S. team captains honored Baumgartner by choosing him to carry the American
flag in the Olympic opening ceremony, recognizing the natural fit of placing the
Stars and Stripes in his big hands.

"When I wrestled in the Olympics for the first time (1984), there was little
commercialism," Baumgartner said. "Very few people got paid. It has evolved into
very much more commercialism and people getting paid. A showcase for a lot of
other things. That's too bad. I don't belittle anybody getting that. But I would
consider myself more of an old-school Olympian than some of the younger
Olympians. I am paid very little.

"Of all the sports I know, wrestling probably is the most amateur - or, in other
words, the poorest. But you go out and represent your country, and I have strong
feelings of patriotism and great pride being from the United States of America.
I not only represent myself and my family, I represent the people of the United
States. This is the greatest country in the world."

Baumgartner means every word of it.

Those red, white and blue comments are an example of why fans, media, other
athletes and U.S. Olympic Committee officials blubber over a shy, aging,
286-pound, super-heavyweight wrestler who lives quietly with wife Linda and two
sons in a farm house outside of Edinboro, Pa.

Baumgartner, 35, stands for the right things. And he's also an excellent
wrestler. Baumgartner is a technician, a defensive specialist, t he sharpest
analytical mind on the mat. He inspects hours of video, examining replays for
subtle advantages. He tinkers with grips, always searching for a minor
refinement.

Baumgartner has won a record 17 senior national titles and hasn't lost to an
American since 1981. He's a three-time world champion, a three-time Pan Am Games
champion. He won Olympic gold medals in 1984 and 1992 and took the silver in
1988.

In March, Baumgartner won the Sullivan Award, given to the nation's top amateur
athlete. With a gold medal later this week, Baumgartner would join Alexander
Medved - from the former Soviet Union - as the only wrestlers to win three
Olympic gold medals.

By winning any medallion in Atlanta, Baumgartner also would become one of only
six American athletes to medal in four Olympics. The others are Carl Lewis
(track and field); Francis Conn Findlay (rowing/yachting); Al Oerter (track and
field); Michael Plumb (equestrian) and Norbert Schemansky (weightlifting).

Baumgartner is more famous in Iran or Turkey, nations where wrestling has more
mainstream status. In the U.S., he earns a modest salary as the wrestling coach
at Edinboro College. Baumgartner estimates that he makes slightly more than $
2,000 in endorsements. He occasionally picks up an extra paycheck as a
motivational speaker for a medical-insurance carrier in western Pennsylvania.

"I'm not in this for the money," Baumgartner said. "And I'm not in it for the
recognition. I got into wrestling because I love it. I know my children don't
really understand all the training, travel and the absences. My wife and family
have made a huge sacrifice. We don't have a whole lot of family time. My wife is
home alone an awful lot. Maybe sometimes it makes her feel like a single mother.
But hopefully, it'll all pay in the long run."

Baumgartner was shaken by the murder in January of fellow wrestler and longtime
friend Dave Schultz, who allegedly was shot by millionaire John duPont. In their
grief, the younger U.S. wrestlers leaned on Baumgartner for guidance.

Baumgartner is revered for his leadership and sportsmanship.

In his first match against rival Tom Erikson in the Olympic trials, Baumgartner
refused to attack Erikson's left elbow when the elbow became dislocated with 3
minutes 23 seconds remaining in the five-minute session. Baumgartner won, but
avoided Erikson's left side.

"I would never intentionally hurt somebody," Baumgartner said. "Some wrestlers
would go for that spot, but not me. I treat people like I want to be treated."

Baumgartner, the coach, has raised his voice in anger only once, when one young
wrestler cheap-shotted another. Baumgartner stomped onto the mat, screaming.
Everyone in the gym was shocked.

"We're all just human beings," Baumgartner said. "I might be a bit bett er
wrestler than the average person, that doesn't make me any better an individual.
Not that I'm trying to be a role model but hopefully, I'm not going to do
anything to embarrass myself, the sport, my family. Hopefully, some kids can
learn from that."

Here's a glimpse at the Baumgartner File:

A native of Haledon, N.J., Baumgartner wrestled collegiately at Indiana State.

He met Linda at Indiana State; she was a trainer who taped his ankles. Three
days later they had their first date at a Waffle House. She ordered oatmeal, he
had ice cream. That was Jan. 24, 1980. And every Jan. 24, they celebrate that
first date by eating the same meal.

"Maybe I'll be in Pennsylvania eating oatmeal and he'll be in Russia eating ice
cream, but we never forget," Linda said.

His hobbies are gardening, woodworking and stamp collecting. He fishes with sons
Bryan (3) and Zachary (5). When Zack's friends visit, Baumgartner gets down on
all fours and lets the kids climb on him.

When Baumgartner learned that he'd won the Sullivan Award - in a stunning upset
over track star Michael Johnson - he celebrated by calling hotel room service
and ordering . . . a triple-sized ice-cream sundae.

"The Sullivan winner," Linda said then, "is an Average Joe."

And maybe the Last Olympian.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: PROFILE Bruce Baumgartner

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              601 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 8, 1998, Monday, FINAL EDITION

R.J. Reynolds tries smoke-screen ad approach

BYLINE: Melanie Wells

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 355 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK -- R.J. Reynolds is rolling out a sly ad campaign that
spoofs criticism of cigarette advertising in its second new ad
effort for Camel since last summer.

Cluttered print ads, emblazoned with the tongue-in-cheek advertising
theme "Mighty tasty!", feature irreverent scenarios in which
the image of the traditional Camel dromedary -- a logo company
executives refer to as "beast" -- is hidden.

"In a very sarcastic way, they're trying to belittle scrutiny
of cigarette advertising," says marketing consultant Ken Harris
of Cannondale Associates. "It's a very aggressive posture. They're
saying, 'If we're going to get a stigma, we might as well make
light of it.' "


In one ad, a disgruntled maid flicks cigarette ashes onto food
she's cooking for a snooty rich couple. "Viewer discretion advised,"
the ad reads. "This ad contains IR (Idle Rich) . . . PA (Premeditated
Ashing)." In another, supposed subliminal imagery on the pack
of Camel cigarettes is wryly detailed: "Ad slogan read backwards
is 'Ytsat Ythgim.' The campaign was created by longtime Camel
ad agency

Mezzina/Brown.

Fran Creighton, RJR vice president of marketing, calls the campaign
"a spoof on the whole world of advertising as well as cigarette
advertising." Its clutter, multiple messages and hidden dromedary
are ways to get smokers' attention and to get them to linger over
the ads, she says.

The campaign replaces the "What you're looking for" campaign
that featured seductive women in bars and swimming pools. It appeared
as the company began phasing controversial Joe Camel out of ads
last summer.

Joe's not completely gone, however. He lingers on promotional
items given out as incentives to retailers. Last week, he still
appeared on a billboard at a busy intersection in Manhattan. RJR
spokeswoman Carole Crosslin says the billboard will be removed.

RJR sold 5.36 billion Camel cigarettes -- about 5% of the cigarettes
sold -- during the first quarter, a 1.8% drop from the same period
in 1997, according to Tobacco Merchants Association. Camel cigarette
sales were up 4.9% for 1997.

LOAD-DATE: June 08, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              602 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      January 28, 1997 Tuesday 2D EDITION

Crawford: Most NHL coaches are underpaid

BYLINE: Adrian Dater, AVALANCHE GOAL POST

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D-05

LENGTH: 349 words

TORONTO - Marc Crawford got his. Now, he says it's time his brotherhood in the
coaching ranks got theirs, too.

When Crawford signed his three-year contract with the Colorado Avalanche last
summer, he became the second-highest paid head coach in the National Hockey
League.  According to The Hockey News, Crawford's $ 700,000 a year trails only
Jacques Lemaire's $ 750,000 a year with New Jersey. Detroit's Scotty Bowman
makes $ 950,000 per year, but $ 300,000 of it is paid for his additional duty as
the Red Wings' director of player personnel.

League-wide, the average salary for an NHL head coach is about $ 386,000. The
average for a player is creeping close to $ 1 million.

"The entry level (for coaches) is well below what it should be," Crawford said.
"The conventional thinking is coaches are hired to be fired, that they're paid
well enough now and they should be thankful to just have a job. We have to
change that way of thinking. It belittles us as a group."

And NHL coaches are thinking about doing something about it. Bowman, the senior
coach in the league, thinks his brethren should form a coaching association.

At the NHL draft last August, Bowman got the other 25 coaches to stand up around
a table and disclose their salaries, something that traditionally has been kept
private.

"I told them, it's time we get together as a group and start working together,"
Bowman told The Hockey News. "There are some inconsistencies in the way we are
treated in this business."

Crawford said, "Coaches have to get over the fact earning $ 300,000 is being
well-paid. They have to understand they are at the top of their profession and
won't be there long. We sell ourselves, our contributions, way too short."

Among some of the proposals that may end up being demands by a coaches
association some day include they be paid at least the average player's salary
on a team.

"Players are 90 percent responsible for wins and losses," Crawford said. "Let's
say coaching is worth 5 to 10 percent. Shouldn't the coaching budget then be 5
to 10 percent of the team's total budget?"

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Associated Press Toronto Maple Leafs goalie Felix Potvin gets
ready for an attacking Valeri Kamensky of the Colorado Avalanche last night in
Toronto.

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 1997 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              603 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 27, 1993, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Review/Theater;
The Young In a Time Of Holocaust

BYLINE: By LAWRENCE VAN GELDER

SECTION: Section 1; Page 16; Column 6; Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 445 words


If great history made great drama, there would be no dearth of great plays. But
great drama is the work of gifted playwrights. And in such human endeavor, the
most awesome history -- the Holocaust, for example -- surely poses the most
daunting challenge.

To say that "The Survivor," at the Manhattan Performing Arts Company Theater,
falls far short of meeting that challenge is by no means to belittle its
timeless purpose. Susan Nanus's play, based on the memoirs of a Holocaust
survivor, Jack Eisner, who was present on opening night, is another effort to
bear witness to one of the most awful and mysterious of inhumanities.

"The Survivor" is a reworking of Ms. Nanus's play about the Warsaw Ghetto, which
ran for 16 performances on Broadway in 1981. The focus of the current version,
set in the years from 1940 to 1943, is a group of teen-age boys and girls
involved in smuggling food and weapons into the ghetto and eventually taking
part in the doomed ghetto uprising against the German Army. From time to time,
an older man, a storyteller named Rubinstein, appears to recount mordant,
sometimes worn jokes about the Nazis or to relate some of the statistics and
broader history of the era.

Didacticism too often propels "The Survivor," and an air of boys' adventure
hangs over the proceedings. The action, such at it is, consists largely of
clambering over a wall that separates the ghetto from the rest of Warsaw. One by
one, the boys and girls meet their fates offstage and return briefly to tell
how. Occasionally, melodramatic music is put to work to evoke emotions that the
characters onstage are ill equipped to plumb.

There are moments -- particularly in an episode near the end, as a young woman
named Halina tells of her final meeting with her beloved Jacek, the sole
survivor -- when "The Survivor" approaches what surely must have been the
playwright's goal.

At that moment, the agony and tragedy of the Holocaust become palpable. But such
moments are conspicuous by their rarity.

The Survivor

By Susan Nanus; based on the true story of Jack Eisner; directed by Sasha Nanus;
sets by Alexandra Rubinstein and Peter Ortel; lighting by Steven Friedlander;
costumes by Tamara Roth; original music by Misha Segal; production stage
manager, Regina S. Guggenheim. Presented by Ruthie Productions and Alan Phillips
in association with the J.C.C. on the Upper West Side. At the Manhattan
Performing Arts Company Theater, 120 West 28th Street, Chelsea. Through Dec. 19.


WITH: Dana Chaifetz, Sean Cutler, John Fairlie, Heather Gottlieb, Sam Gray, W.
Aaron Harpold, Jason Katz, Julie Lauren, Michael Oberlander and Justin Walker.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              604 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             Star of Mysore (India)

                             June 30, 2015 Tuesday

THE POWER OF YOGA

LENGTH: 884 words

DATELINE: India


India, June 30 -- Yamini's gift on International Yoga Day

Following United Nations (UN) declaring June 21 of every year, beginning from
this year, as the International Day of Yoga, there has been a plethora of
publications on Yoga almost all over the world in different languages.

We find most of those books, richly produced on art-paper with any number of
Yoga postures by sexy looking females along with men, looking like coffee-table
books. This is not to belittle their purpose and quality. Some of the books are
indeed excellently produced with inputs sourced from experience and research on
the subject of Yoga.

One such book landed on my table by courier last evening and being such a
beautiful book, I couldn't wait for another day to browse through it. The cover
of the book is produced above.

There is also another reason why I decided to write immediately about the book.
Its creator, Yamini Muthanna, is a Mysuru girl, a highly talented daughter of my
classmate in Madikeri, Kodagu, who mastered the art of Bharathanatyam, for whose
arangetram in Mysuru, I had the opportunity to attend. That was decades ago.
Being a distinguished Bharathanatyam danseuse, Yamini apparently is using her
Yoga skills to enhance the beauty of her dance adding grace to this classical
art form.

Yamini, who studied Ashtanga Yoga in Mysuru under the renowned Yoga Master
B.N.S. Iyengar, later shifted to Bengaluru establishing a Yoga School called
simply as 'Yoga Sthala.' Soon people from all walks of life ? from professionals
to students ? began to make a bee-line to Yoga Sthala. From then on, there was
no stopping her from spreading her wings and soaring high in the art and craft
of Yoga. She has conducted workshops at Yoga-studios in London, New York,
Washington DC and Los Angeles. She gives Yoga demonstrations with different
postures interpreting the Yoga Sutras. A Baba Ramdev in female Avatar !

Yamini strongly believes that if every individual practices Yoga daily, making
it a way of life, there will be much benefit to the practitioners of Yoga
because it brings about mental transformation bestowing good health and peace of
mind. That is the power and glory of Yoga.

The pictorial book running to 286 pages with an index and more importantly,
[probably this is one of the good reasons to buy this book] it has in section D
titled 'Precautions' under chapter 10, information about the common injuries
that a Yoga practitioner may suffer and hence the need for taking caution.

The reason for some of the common injuries may be due to faulty practice of
Yoga. Which is why one should always learn Yoga from a real Guru, an authentic
master like for example the great late K. Pattabhi Jois and B.N.S. Iyengar of
Mysuru or late B.K.S. Iyengar of Pune. These giants have produced many students
who have perfected Yoga as propounded by its originator Patanjali. Apart from
benefiting from it themselves, they have themselves become teachers of Yoga like
Yamini Muthanna. It may be said that one of the reasons for its popularity is
because these Yoga Asanas are therapeutic in nature and many have got cure from
its practice for some of the ailments which could not be cured by allopathic or
other alternative medicines.

While there are hundreds of books that have sought to explain different
dimensions and perspectives of Yoga and its accompanying sub-types, 'The Power
of Yoga' is a one-of-its-kind, hands-on guide that takes the personalised and
customised approach to Yoga. It offers Yoga lovers the opportunity to get right
to the heart of different kinds of Yoga.

Culled from years of teaching and learning Yoga, these sequences help
incorporate combinations of the thousands of recorded asanas into tailor- made
daily practice to suit particular lifestyles. The user can choose routines
according to the levels of emotional, mental and physical fitness that he or she
would like to reach. With bold visuals, illustrations and a go-to sequence
manual, the book aims to be a dynamic and user-friendly guide to Yoga, rather
than a stodgy reference book on it.

Not many of us are aware of the fact that Yoga routines can be customised and
varied to suit our professions, body types, physical ailments, state of mind,
mental make-up, work patterns and day-to-day life. It's a book for the
quintessential urbanite looking for physical fitness and mental balance.

Asanas are not mere physical exercises but therapeutic postures that activate
certain chakras and nadis in the body. The techniques taught in this book are
completely authentic and haven't been improvised in anyway, claims the author.

Yamini has students from many parts of the world. She conducted a session for
more than 100 people on the World Yoga Day as part of the celebrations. The book
is a part of her endeavour to spread the knowledge of Yoga and what a purposeful
endeavour !

At Rs. 995, this book must find a place in every home and benefit from it. The
book will be launched on 3rd July, 2015 in Bengaluru at the Om Book Shop at the
Phoenix Mall, Mahadevapura, by the noted artist (painting) Anjolie Ela Menon.

e-mail: kbg@starofmysore.com

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Star of Mysore. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 Star Of Mysore
                              All Rights Reserved


                              605 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Political & Business Daily (India)

                              May 31, 2016 Tuesday

Democratic leaders should kiss up to Sanders

LENGTH: 1039 words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, May 31 -- Politics is always most successfully played as a game of
addition, not subtraction. For some reason, however, the Democratic Party
establishment thinks the rules have changed.

Borrowing a page from GOP front-runner Donald Trump, the Democratic leadership
seems determined to belittle Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders, which means
belittling his large political following.

Instead of being gracious winners - - establishment favorite former Secretary of
State Hillary Clinton is the likely nominee, barring the unpredictable --
Democratic leaders are labeling Sanders a sore loser. They want him to suspend
all campaigning or, at the very least, stop criticizing the former first lady.
They insist his continuing the race only helps Trump.

I know from insurgency campaigns.

I was the campaign manager, as well as chief cook and bottle washer, for
African-American Democrat L.

Douglas Wilder's historic 1985 insurgency in Virginia, which pulled down the "No
Blacks Need Apply" sign that had been on the door to statewide office in the
South.

The Democratic Party establishment belittled us and worked to block Wilder's
unprecedented nomination for lieutenant governor at Virginia's state convention.
It took his anti-establishment independence personally. But the leadership
failed to consider the message it was sending to Wilder's legion of supporters.

We outfoxed the party leaders, so they were saved from finding out when Wilder
won on Election Day.

Yet, the party leaders never learned from this. They worked hard, this time
behind the scenes, to block Wilder's 1989 race for Virginia governor. He won,
anyway.

When the 2016 presidential cycle started, the Democratic establishment viewed
Sanders as a quixotic candidate.

He had long been a thorn in its side -- a "democratic socialist" who accused
elites in both major parties of rigging the economic and political systems
against working-class families.

Democratic leaders were certain the heavily favored Clinton would crush the
74-year-old Brooklyn native.

Instead, he gained traction.

So the establishment adopted a new rosy scenario. It depicted Sanders as the
perfect liberal foil to help candidate Clinton build a "centrist" image.

Now comes the California primary on June 7. Sanders' detractors are devising yet
another rationalization for his reputed political illegitimacy within the
Democratic Party.

Instead of denying reality, however, the Democratic establishment should follow
President Lyndon B Johnson's approach in the 1964 presidential campaign.

Polls showed Republicans had virtually conceded the African- American vote when
they nominated Senator Barry Goldwater, who had voted against the landmark 1964
Civil Rights Act. As the summer Democratic National Convention approached, LBJ
knew he had the political leeway to reject further political demands being made
by younger African-American activists.

But LBJ understood political math.

He knew that in order for Martin Luther King Jr. to keep his troops united in
the fall -- and ready to rally behind the Democratic ticket -- the civil rights
leader had to be a winner, not a loser.

So LBJ confided in King what he planned for African-Americans if he won the
election. When younger black activists insisted on confronting LBJ, King could
then tell them of Johnson's promised passage of the historic Voting Rights Act
and the War on Poverty.

With such unprecedented victories within reach, King could not be defied.

Now, of course, Sanders is no King. But LBJ would have understood that the
Vermont senator is iconic to his supporters. These voters agree with Sanders'
arguments that the U.S. economic and political systems do not offer a level
playing field for all Americans. From my own experience, I know this: Sanders
needs to be seen as continuing to fight for principles in order to remain the
moral leader his troops demand.

In politics, perception morphs into reality. Sanders and his backers rightly see
themselves as winners.

They may have lost the nomination because Clinton has won several million more
votes. But Sanders supporters believe they hold the moral high ground. The
establishment may disagree. But their dedication to a cause isn't
obstructionism: It is a powerful energy the Democratic Party need to harness,
not harass.

The leadership apparently assumes it has the whip hand against Sanders - -
largely because its advisers point to polls that indicate the Vermonter's
supporters will eventually fall in line behind Clinton to defeat Trump.

LBJ had a far bigger lead over Goldwater than any poll now gives Clinton over
Trump. Yet, Johnson still reached out to find common ground with his critics. In
1964, the Democratic Party establishment would never have tried to humiliate
Sanders, much less his supporters. It understood the politics of addition.

The Democratic convention in July must have one overriding goal: showcasing
unity. True, Sanders is unlikely to be the choice for vice president. But he
must remain central to any real Democratic unity.

How can the party do this? History shows that a unity plan has three key parts:

Let Sanders be Sanders. Even if that means a few contested platform planks on
the convention floor.

Democrats need Sanders to have a genuine, not forced, smile when raising
Clinton's hand as the convention comes to a close. Unity comes last, not first.

Clinton must work with Sanders on a compelling message to address the
middle-class squeeze. Both agree on the crucial need to address this problem.

History suggests giving the Sander's forces as much as possible on the economic
front.

President Barack Obama must act as the bridge. Sanders' criticism of the
Democrats is, in part, a rebuff to the president. But Obama knows enough not to
take honest policy criticism personally.

So he has to bring the sides together for the campaign ahead.

Sanders has spent a lifetime saying he could be trusted to make the right, not
the expedient, choice. The Democratic establishment must trust him to do it.

And make it as easy as possible for him to do so.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Political & Business Daily.
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                             Copyright 2016 pbd.in
                              All Rights Reserved


                              606 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             March 23, 2015 Monday

The season of gender-discrimination suits in Silicon Valley

BYLINE: Michelle Quinn

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 335 words


Add Twitter to the list of tech firms accused of gender discrimination by former
employees.

With the Kleiner v. Pao gender-discrimination civil trial expected to wrap up in
San Francisco this week, the treatment of women incventure firms has been under
the spotlight. Two new suits alleging gender discrimination at top Internet
firms indicate that this issue is not going away anytime soon.

Last week,cChia Hong, who worked at Facebook as a product manager and technology
partner in finance, filed a gender and race discrimination suit in San Mateo
County Court.

Hong alleges that Facebook cemployees would belittle and ignore her opinion
during group meetings, ask why she did not just stay home and take care of her
children, order her to plan parties and drinks for male co-workers even though
it was not in her job description,c and more, Queenie Wong reported . Facebook
denied the allegations.

Also last week, Tina Huang, a former Twitter software engineer who has also
worked as an engineer at Google and Apple, according to her LinkedIn account ,
filed suit in San Francisco Superior Court. She alleged gender discrimination at
Twitter, specifically in the firmcs promotion process, according to The Verge .

Huang, who left Twitter in June 2014 after working there since 2009, says the
companycs promotion process is a black box that tends to favorcmen over women.
Without a published promotion criteria or application process, the system relies
on a ctap of the shoulderc when a job comes open, Mashable reported.

In her complaint, Huang ties her case to what she says are Twittercs low numbers
of women in management and leadership roles, information that Twitter released
voluntarily last year. Huang seeks class-action status for her suitccfor call
current and former female employees of Twitter denied promotions in the three
years prior to the filing of this complaint.c

Twitter responded that cthecfacts will show Ms. Huang was treated fairly.c

Above: Twitter logo. (LIONEL BONAVENTURE/AFP/Getty Images)

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TO GO WITH AFP STORY BY TUPAC POINTU (FILES) A picture taken on
December 4, 2012 in Paris, shows the "Twitter" logo on a tablet screen. After
the success on twitter of the photo of the election of Obama, twitter developped
micro-video blogging apps. AFP PHOTO / LIONEL BONAVENTURELIONEL
BONAVENTURE/AFP/Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              607 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             March 23, 2015 Monday

The season of gender-discrimination suits in Silicon Valley

BYLINE: Michelle Quinn

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 335 words


Add Twitter to the list of tech firms accused of gender discrimination by former
employees.

With the Kleiner v. Pao gender-discrimination civil trial expected to wrap up in
San Francisco this week, the treatment of women incventure firms has been under
the spotlight. Two new suits alleging gender discrimination at top Internet
firms indicate that this issue is not going away anytime soon.

Last week,cChia Hong, who worked at Facebook as a product manager and technology
partner in finance, filed a gender and race discrimination suit in San Mateo
County Court.

Hong alleges that Facebook cemployees would belittle and ignore her opinion
during group meetings, ask why she did not just stay home and take care of her
children, order her to plan parties and drinks for male co-workers even though
it was not in her job description,c and more, Queenie Wong reported . Facebook
denied the allegations.

Also last week, Tina Huang, a former Twitter software engineer who has also
worked as an engineer at Google and Apple, according to her LinkedIn account ,
filed suit in San Francisco Superior Court. She alleged gender discrimination at
Twitter, specifically in the firmcs promotion process, according to The Verge .

Huang, who left Twitter in June 2014 after working there since 2009, says the
companycs promotion process is a black box that tends to favorcmen over women.
Without a published promotion criteria or application process, the system relies
on a ctap of the shoulderc when a job comes open, Mashable reported.

In her complaint, Huang ties her case to what she says are Twittercs low numbers
of women in management and leadership roles, information that Twitter released
voluntarily last year. Huang seeks class-action status for her suitccfor call
current and former female employees of Twitter denied promotions in the three
years prior to the filing of this complaint.c

Twitter responded that cthecfacts will show Ms. Huang was treated fairly.c

Above: Twitter logo. (LIONEL BONAVENTURE/AFP/Getty Images)

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TO GO WITH AFP STORY BY TUPAC POINTU (FILES) A picture taken on
December 4, 2012 in Paris, shows the "Twitter" logo on a tablet screen. After
the success on twitter of the photo of the election of Obama, twitter developped
micro-video blogging apps. AFP PHOTO / LIONEL BONAVENTURELIONEL
BONAVENTURE/AFP/Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              608 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                           February 23, 2008 Saturday

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 921 words


Say what it is

Can we stop:

n Referring to the war in Iraq as the war on terror.

It's not. The war in Afghanistan was to be the war on terror that we had a firm
coalition and NATO support going in to stop the Taliban and weed out al-Qaida
and Osama bin Laden.

We were attacked on 9/11 by a group of mostly Saudi terrorists who had Taliban
support to launch attacks from Afghanistan. Iraq played no part. The war in Iraq
was to overthrow Saddam, or spread democracy, or nation-building, or get the
oil. Now, al-Qaida is there, and we have spread death, fear, hatred and distrust
among Arab states.

n Referring to the Sept. 11 attacks as nine-one-one.

Nine-one-one is the number you call for an emergency. Was the day before Sept.
11 nine-one-zero? Or the day after nine-one-two? People who call it
"nine-eleven" seem to belittle it to the level of a convenience store.

n Treating politicians like royalty or celebrity.

Politicians don't deserve perks, handouts, bribes, limos or palaces. They are
there to serve us, the citizens. What do you call 1,000 lawyers at the bottom of
the sea? If they're bottom-feeders, politicians.

n Referring to Barack Obama as "African-American."

Yes, his father was African and his mother a white American from Kansas, and he
was raised in Hawaii. It's not like both parents were black and he was raised in
Detroit.

KEVIN CENTLIVRE, Topeka

Town left to decay

If one would drive through the city of Quenemo, you would notice a lack of
pride. For years now, the overall upkeep of the town has gone by the wayside.
Empty and rundown trailers can be spotted along 3rd and 4th streets; windows are
knocked out; insulation lays along the road; old tires are spewed along 4th
Street.

Streets have turned to mud holes. The stop signs are faded. Jones Park has been
left to deteriorate, leaving no place for kids to play. The pavilion where
families once could enjoy outings is falling apart.

What was once a good place to raise kids has become an eyesore. Along with
myself, good families have moved to better places, believing it wouldn't get any
better.

It's a bad situation.

STAN LLOYD, Ottawa

It could be for you

Late on the afternoon of Feb. 8, I was traveling east on S.W. 17th Street,
approaching the Gage intersection. I heard a fire truck's siren, so I slowed
down and looked to see where it was coming from. It was headed west on 17th, and
as it approached the intersection, the light was red. East-west traffic pulled
over and stopped as best it could.

But as the fire truck got closer and closer to the intersection, with the siren
blaring a warning, I was angered to see traffic still traveling north and south
on Gage. Sure, the light was green to them, but drivers are supposed to stop for
emergency vehicles. The fire truck was forced to slow down considerably. I saw
one car, going north, clear the intersection about a car length in front of the
truck.

There is no way that driver couldn't have heard and seen the big, red truck with
half a dozen lights and a loud horn. Yet for the sake of saving a few seconds,
that driver forced a fire truck to slow on its way to an emergency. What if it
had been that driver's house on fire, or a member of that driver's family who
needed an EMT?

The truck was finally able to turn to the north. I only hope the firefighters
arrived in time. If they did, it was no thanks to a number of drivers who figure
the world revolves around them.

DENISE L. EULERT, Topeka

Who's paying for it?

Three days after Super Tuesday, the biggest news was the two leading Democrats'
amazing ability to raise $6 million and $7 million via the Internet in two days.

I need help understanding how both of these Democrats, claiming to be the
saviors of the downtrodden, can be getting so much money from the poor people
they claim to represent, all while we are in a recession.

Both Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama showed up on the editorial page of The
Wall Street Journal the day before the primaries, Clinton writing her own and a
trio of cheerleaders writing for Obama - Kansas Gov. Kathleen Sebelius, Arizona
Gov. Janet Napolitano, and Missouri Sen. Claire McCaskill.

Clinton promises comprehensive solutions to housing, lower health care costs,
health care for every American. The cheerleaders were so vague about changes
that I held my breath to come to the part where someone would explain how all of
these wonderful changes would be paid for.

I think any honest person would know how - with the rest of our spare change.

ROLAND GAGNON, Meriden

Respect religious belief

The article Feb. 10 on St. Mary's Academy and the female referee only tells one
side of the story.

Referee Darin Putthoff owes St. Mary's Academy an apology. If he has been
working there, he should have know the rules. What he did was like trying to
make a Jew eat pork or a Mennonite wear shorts.

I am sorry referee Michelle Campbell didn't know the academy rule that women
aren't allowed to officiate boys games. The academy never said she wasn't a
qualified official.

The article also stated there is a shortage of officials, so I am sure she could
have worked other games.

Several statements Putthoff made lead me to believe he took Ms. Campbell to St.
Mary's on purpose. I believe he owes her an apology, too.

Putthoff didn't have the best interest of the kids, he had his own agenda.

I think the KSHSAA needs to discipline Putthoff for his disgraceful behavior.
Putthoff owes the KSHSAA an apology, also.

I don't know anyone at the academy, but I know Christians need to stick together
for what is right.

SHARON SCHMIDT, Hanover

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              609 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                 March 2, 1992

BAD GIRL;
Old Red Lion

BYLINE: CLAIRE ARMITSTEAD

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 312 words


IN HER choice of child abuse as the subject for her first stage play, Kay
Trainor shows she has a topical eye. Combine abuse with incest, and - as she
astutely realises - you have a formula capable of blowing apart cosy platitudes
about the happy family unit. What this television and radio writer has yet to
prove is that she is capable of making a drama out of a crisis.

The crisis in question is precipitated by the unnanounced arrival of Moira at
the squeaky clean Manchester des res of her elder sister, who is apparently
comfortably married to a mortgage broker. Moira is an artist, who has discovered
through psychotherapy that the reason for her obsession with phallic symbolism
is that she may have been abused by her father.

Pop psychoanalysis meets a stereotype of the frigid suburban housewife, although
to say so belittles the sterling work that Tricia Kelly does to put flesh on
this emotionally stunted woman.

I cannot see why so many talented people should have put so much effort into a
piece which unfolds like the scenario for a play that is about to begin. The
strength of the theatre is not to lay concrete surfaces but to see what pushes
through them, yet instead of allowing the unexpected to happen, Trainor marshals
the conversations into rigid episodes, each of which, under Anna Birch's
studiously naturalistic direction, takes her thesis a measure further.

The result is that a potentially explosive idea - that siblings who have not
been abused could be scarred by jealousy of those who have - fails to ignite
dramatically. Sandy McDade's jittery Moira is self-destructive but salvageable
because of the importance she places on personal growth; Frances is beyond
therapy. The humour and the intended horror of the piece are structured around
their conformity to type.

- Until March 22. Box office: 071-837 7816.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              610 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   May 14, 1999, Friday, Late Edition - Final

ART IN REVIEW;
Sergio Hernandez

BYLINE: By GRACE GLUECK

SECTION: Section E; Part 2; Page 37; Column 1; Leisure/Weekend Desk

LENGTH: 193 words



Associated American Artists
20 West 57th Street
Through June 5

A very Mexican heritage, that of Rufino Tamayo, Francisco Toledo and Frida
Kahlo, informs the work of Sergio Hernandez, who is having his first solo show
in New York. Using a mixture of oil, sand and glitter -- in the form of mica --
Mr. Hernandez delineates grotesques of his imagination that meld human, insect,
animal and crustacean features. In "The Wizard of the Night," for instance, a
black, open-mouthed human skull tops a fierce cat face on a shield-shaped body.
The creature waves spidery arms against a washy background in which blue
predominates.

"The Girl of the Night" is a human form with a blue blob of face. She stands on
a blue globe (blue is Mr. Henandez's current color, after a spate of reds and
yellows), dangling lobster claws for arms. In "The Birth of Death," a shrieking
woman, legs apart, delivers a skeletal fetus while seeming to retain the ghost
of its face in her womb.

Without intending to belittle the spirituality of Mr. Hernandez's otherworldly
impulses, one could say that the results come out as Mexican lite.   GRACE
GLUECK




http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              611 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (New York)

                             March 22, 2004 Monday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

JOHN-JOHN'S BROWN-NOSERS

BYLINE: BY LLOYD GROVE WITH ELISA LIPSKY-KARASZ

SECTION: GOSSIP; LOWDOWN; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 832 words


CNN and "60 Minutes" correspondent Christiane Amanpour makes some withering
observations on "48 Hours Investigates" about folks who tried to ingratiate
themselves with her late college housemate, John F. Kennedy Jr.

"I was always stunned watching people humiliate themselves, whether they were
young, whether they were old men and women," says Amanpour, who attended Brown
University with JFK Jr. in the 1980s. "Not humiliate but almost belittle
themselves around him - so eager were they to be friends."

Amanpour doesn't name names, alas.

"He fully understood what was going on," she adds. "Everybody looked at him as
the repository of his father and his family's greatness."

Amanpour's comments - to her CBS colleague Lesley Stahl - are featured in an
hour-long report airing at 10 p.m. tomorrow and based on "Sons of Camelot: The
Fate of an American Dynasty," Laurence Leamer's new book on the third-generation
Kennedy men.

"Celebrity, like wealth, is a currency," Bobby Kennedy Jr., the namesake of the
assassinated New York senator, tells Stahl. "You can either spend it doing
something that is self-indulgent - which I don't think in the long run is
fulfilling. Or you can spend it doing that benefits your community and leaves
something behind that you're proud of."

Bobby Jr. - whose younger brothers David and Michael died of a drug overdose and
a skiing accident, respectively - had his own troubles with addiction.

"To me, ultimately, addiction was a gift, because I learned a lot about myself,"
says, Kennedy, today a married father of six and a leading environmentalist who
helped clean up the Hudson River. "I felt like I squandered a lot of the things
I'd been given ... and that somehow I had to turn those 10 wasted years into
something good."

Bobby's younger brother Max, meanwhile, says poignantly: "There isn't anything
that I have ever loved or achieved in life that I wouldn't give up in the blink
of an eye to have my father spend one afternoon with my wife and children.".

Segway gets in the fray.

Inventor-philanthropist Steve Wozniak, the man behind the Apple Computer, is
jumping on his steed - or, rather, his Segway - and riding into battle to
persuade New York City not to ban the revolutionary "human transporter."

"I have lots of friends in New York, and New York people are future-oriented,"
Wozniak told me from his Wheels of Zeus nonprofit in California's Silicon
Valley. "They don't want a conservative-type city clampdown.

"My own image of New York is so positive, there's so much culture and
multiplicity and people are so open to new ideas, I think folks want it to be a
progressive city."

But at the end of the month, the City Council's Transportation Committee is
planning hearings on legislation to prohibit motorized scooters on city streets
- the slow-moving Segway among them.

The 53-year-old Wozniak - a winner of the National Medal of Technology bestowed
by President Ronald Reagan - not only is a buddy of Segway inventor Dean Kamen,
he owns 10 of the electric-powered vehicles (maximum speed: 12.5 mph). He likes
to transport them, four at a time, in the back of his gas-guzzling Hummer.

"I think what might be happening is an 'attribution error' - where people see
something new and they're uncomfortable, and they attribute their discomfort to
the thing rather than themselves," Wozniak said. "But don't make up reasons to
explain your discomfort. Don't paint New York as regressive. Look to the future.
The Segway might not be the future - but it might inspire a trip to that
future.".

THE BRIEFING.

FREE CELEBRITIES WITH 10 GALLONS OR MORE? A New York publicist reports that he
recently received calls from the Ruder Finn corporate PR behemoth, trying to
wrangle celebrities willing to drive Ford Motor's new Escape hybrid-SUV on
"every street in Manhattan on one tank of gas" during the week of April 5.

"Are they paying?" the publicist asked.

Nope.

"Then I can't see why anyone would want to do this. Ford has plenty of money.
Why should someone with a real career whose time is valuable want to do free
promotion for Ford? Call the modeling agencies. Those girls will do anything to
get in the papers."

Calling the above "both amusing and annoying," Ruder Finn exec Bob Seltzer told
me that that Ford Motor Co. holds the quaint belief that there are altruistic
celebs who don't want stacks of cash every time someone asks them to do
something socially beneficial.

So far no celebs have been announced. Lizzie Grubman, anyone?

THIS IS THE THANKS WE GET? Madonna is ageless, of course, but that didn't stop
dozens of readers from pointing out that both this column and her rep, Liz
Rosenberg, seriously underestimated Madge's age at the time of her far-off
future concert at the Los Angeles Staples Center in September 2051.

"Madonna's rep, Liz Rosenberg, must have gotten a social promotion from third
grade, based on her math skills," said a typically insulting E-mail. Actually,
Madonna will be 92. At least we saved her the job of shaving 10 years off her
age.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TALES OF CAMELOT: Stahl REUTERS (LEFT), AP ROLLIN': Wozniak says Segway
criticism is off-balance. MADONNA

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Daily News, L.P.


                              612 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     February 6, 2016 Saturday 10:43 PM GMT

New Hampshire voters question Clinton as Christie packs town halls - campaign
live;
Sanders: ' I feel like a rock and roll star 'Candidates stake all on crucial
first primary voteIs America ready for a socialist president? Sanders supporters
say yesRubio seeks to become the Republicans' Third Man

BYLINE: Tom McCarthy in Concord, New Hampshire (now), and Alan Yuhas (earlier)

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 7042 words


block-time published-time 10.37pm GMT

Chris Christie might be onto something in New Hampshire, reckons Adam Gabbatt
in Bedford, New Hampshire. If the crowd at one of his rallies on Saturday
morning is anything to go by, he appears to have carved out a niche for himself
as a sort of toned-down Donald Trump.

"I like Donald Trump but I don't like the harshness that he has. Plus the fact
that he belittles a lot of people," said voter Paul Williams. To that end, he
had decided to support Christie.

Williams, 62, said he liked Christie's aggressive stance on national security
and immigration. He also liked the New Jersey governor's presence.

"He's got a great personality," Williams said. "I like his directness. He looks
you in the eye and talks directly to you."

At a packed event in Bedford on Saturday morning Christie did just that. He was
introduced by Massachusetts governor Charlie Baker, who before ceding the floor
gave a long speech that sounded as if he himself was preparing a presidential
run.

enltrBig crowd for Chris Christie in Bedford NH. The sign says "Telling it like
it is" pic.twitter.com/7oUyGkYYf0

- Adam Gabbatt (@adamgabbatt) February 6, 2016

While Baker talked up his own achievements, occasionally praising the New Jersey
governor as well, Christie stared straight ahead, like a boxer before a fight.

When Baker finally offered Christie the mic he snatched it triumphantly.

"All right!" he shouted. There were cheers. "The longest week in American
politics is only half over," he said, referring to the week between the Iowa
caucus and the New Hampshire primary. The week was "like dog years", he said.

Christie got in a quick dig at Hillary Clinton. "She is hungry to be in public
housing again and we're going to try and kick her out," he said, before
explaining why he was in the race.

"I'm running for the 45-year-old construction worker" who has seen his wage
decrease, Christie said, mentioning also "a soldier" who was suffering due to a
lack of leadership in the military. (So he's running for two voters, by my
count.)

A woman named Phyllis explained Christie's appeal by contrasting him with Trump.

"I like what Donald Trump has to say," she said. "But we'd probably be at war in
six months."

Christie finished his speech by talking about dealing with hurricane Sandy and
its impact on New Jersey. He was the one who ultimately had to deal with it, he
said. When a situation arises, he said, there is a point during discussions with
aides "where the table goes quiet". "And they look at you and say: 'What do we
do governor?'

"There's no way a roll call in the Senate prepares you for that," he added, in a
transparent jab at Marco Rubio.

Before the governor took the stage, a supporter attempted to whip up the crowd
with the most absurdly extended metaphor I've heard in a long time. Christie
"doesn't see the glass as half full or half empty," the supporter said. "He sees
the volume of the liquid and sees it as something that can drench someone's
thirst."

block-time published-time 10.17pm GMT

Clinton: 'violence against transgender women is a terrible problem'

Clinton takes a last question, about anti-LGBT discrimination including economic
discrimination.

"Violence against transgender women is a terrible problem in so many places in
America," she says.

She says addressing such discrimination and related problems would be a top
priority of her presidency.

That's it for Clinton in Henniker. She has one more scheduled stop in New
Hampshire today, a get-out-the-vote rally in Portsmouth.

As your blogger typed those words, as the crowd began to file out, a young man
was overheard to say , "That wasn't as much fun as Bernie."

block-time published-time 10.13pm GMT

Next question: What will you do for Muslims ?

"There's a struggle going on inside Islam," Clinton says. It's not just her
assessment, it's the assessment of Jordanian King Abdullah and other Muslim
leaders.

What would be considered as authoritative? Whose voices would be listened too? I
can assure you, as president, I would do everything I could to support Muslim
leaders, academics.

But this is a very, very consequential period for Islam. You've got what is in
effect a big split between Saudi Arabia and Iran. You've got terrorist groups
laying claim to the caliphate and calling other Muslims infidels. You've got
strife in other parts of the world against Muslim minorities.

Clinton says the president's job is "not to take a public leading role in it"
but to work behind the scenes to support Muslim leaders.

Clinton says sh e gives George W Bush credit f or calling for religious
tolerance, and that credit extends to Barack Obama.

That's why Donald Trump and the other Republicans are so dangerous. That's not
just in the United States.. that's broadcast around the world.

In fact we should be pulling the country together.

block-time published-time 10.07pm GMT

Clinton: women held to higher standard

Clinton says there's still a double standard applied to women who run for public
office, and "that's still true for women in a lot of other high positions."

As if it's not true for women who are not in "high positions"?

Clinton says she was talking with a friend about Bernie Sanders. The friend's
guy friend said he liked Sanders because "his hair was a mess and he yelled a
lot."

"And I thought," Clinton said, "boy, that would really work for any women we
know!"

The crowd titters.

The fact is, I do have a somewhat narrower path that I try to walk. Sometimes it
comes across as a little more restrained, a little more careful, and I'm sure
that's true.

"I'm trying to be the first woman president of the United States of America.
And there has never been one before.

"And there's just a lot of processing that people are doing in their heads. And
I can see it in their eyes. I know that."

She says she had an encounter with a waitress in Manchester this morning who
told her, "you look so much better in person."

Clinton laughs.

I take it as a compliment but you know, most people will never see me in person.
So you've just got to live with that.

block-time published-time 9.58pm GMT

On immigration, Clinton repeats that she would go beyond the executive actions
Barack Obama has taken, to the limits of the law:

"I would go as far as I could go... I want to go as far as I can, under the law,
obviously," she says.

Shut down family detention centers, private prisons... I want to end the raids,
I don't think we need to do that.

block-time published-time 9.55pm GMT

Did you hear about Marco Rubio in Iowa?  He was second-runner up!*

enltrI just talked to a voter who thought Rubio won the Iowa caucuses. "He
didn't win? So what the hell is he celebrating about?"

- Chris Megerian (@ChrisMegerian) February 6, 2016

"They told us it couldn't be done,"  Rubio said in his cheerful celebration
speech following his third-place finish in Iowa. The speech would've worked just
as well as an actual victory speech.

If the voters don't remember who won, maybe the DNC won't remember either, when
it comes to convention time?

*At least the Republicans seem to have established a fairly secure
correspondence between votes that were cast and results that were announced. The
Guardian's Ben Jacobs ( @bencjacobs ) has done some reporting that casts some
doubt on whether the Democrats have done the same.

Related:  Iowa Democratic party altered precinct's caucus results during chaotic
night

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 10.01pm GMT

block-time published-time 9.50pm GMT

Clinton to youth: I support you, even if you don't support me

Clinton is asked: how do you understand the momentum towards Bernie?

She gives an answer, in this town hall for students, that concedes Sanders'
strength with young people.

"I am really happy to see so many young people involved in the political
process," Clinton says. She says the first time she came to New Hampshire was to
campaign for Eugene McCarthy to end the Vietnam War.

I know that Senator Sanders has a very big base of young voters, and they're not
supporting me. But I want you and any other young voters to know, I'm supporting
you. This is not either-or.

She says a lot of Sanders supporters believe in free college or universal health
care, but she believes in "debt-free college" and has worked decades on health
care solutions.

She does not mention the appeal of Bernie Sanders for voters who object
specifically to her.

block-time published-time 9.46pm GMT

Clinton is handing a question about debt. "This is crazy my friends! We haven't
even had interest rates in a decade! " Clinton says. "And we've got people in
this room pain 8 and 11%? It's wrong!"

block-time published-time 9.36pm GMT

block-time published-time 9.25pm GMT

Clinton calls on the wrong person at this Henniker town hall. The voter presents
herself as a Democrat with "lingering questions." Her lingering questions turn
out to be a pretty competent recapitulation of the sharpest conservative talking
points against Clinton, on  her response to Benghazi and on her use of a private
email server.

"I said I'm here to answer any questions and I appreciate your asking any, and
any follow-up questions," Clinton says, before a weary pause - and then a solid
five-minute-plus answer that makes everyone feel as if they are stuck in a Trey
Gowdy hearing.

"You can go back and look at my testimony, and all the independent reports,"
Clinton begins:

Before we were attacked at Benghazi, our embassy in Cairo was attacked. But it's
a fortified, strong building. It was attacked because of the video.

When Benghazi happened, it was the fog of war. There was no clear understanding.
And there wasn't for many many days.

The first claim of responsibility came from a group... and after that happened,
that's when I communicated with my daughter.

Between the time I told my daughter that and the next day, that group withdrew
their claim.

All during that week, we had facilities under attack from Tunisia to India over
that video.

When we finally arrested one of the ringleaders of the attack in Benghazi, [he
cited the video].

I know this is a meme... but all you have to do is look at the timeline. Did the
video play a part? ... Did the ringleader.. say it played a part ?

Those are not in contradiction."

"I don't understand the constant effort by some, particularly in the press, to
constantly parse this, when the people on the ground were working very hard to
get the best possible understanding," Clinton continues.

Then Clinton concludes that the issue has been politicized and "I just think
it's wrong." Weak applause. Awkward moment.

block-time published-time 9.10pm GMT

Clinton: keep guns 'out of hands of haters'

Clinton takes a question about Black Lives Matter and fatal use of force by
police officers.

Clinton says that criminal justice reform has been a long-term focus. "We have
to help protect innocent people in their communities.

Somebody takes a life and they're wearing a uniform... then it has to be
investigated, their actions have to be justified," or there should be
consequences.

Then Clinton keeps up an attack she's been regularly deploying on the stump,
against the gun lobby.

She calls for closing the "Charleston loophole," by which gun buyers can
purchase weapons before background checks are complete. The perpetrator of the
mass shooting at Emanuel AME "was able to get a gun he should not have gotten
because the law permits him to get it after three days even though the check
into his background was not complete," Clinton says.

"And he pulled out that gun and he murdered nine of them.

"We've got to do more to get guns out of the hands of the haters, of the
mentally dangerously ill."

block-time published-time 9.05pm GMT

Clinton: Powell and Rice used private email

Clinton's moved to New England College in Henniker, New Hampshire,  for a town
hall with students - and we've moved with her. It's a 20-minute drive she seems
to have made in 15. But she has a pretty large and serious entourage.

Live from Henniker!

She's struck an entirely different tone  for the student crowd - pointed,
aggressive, even displaying some degree of temper on the topic of her use of
private emails as secretary of state.

"Secretary Powell? Secretary Rice's closes aides? Used private email. Everybody
knew that!" Clinton said, picking up on reports that both previous secretaries
of state engaged in email hygiene as bad as her own.

block-time published-time 9.00pm GMT

Albright's 'special place in hell': old line, new context

Madeleine Albright closed her pitch in Concord for Hillary Clinton with the
line, "Just remember, there's a special place in hell for women who don't help
each other!"

It's a strong line - and it has been for years.

enltrpeeps freaking out about that Madeleine Albright quote: It's not new -- it
was literally on a Starbucks cup. pic.twitter.com/19v8zGPCtU

- Jesse Lehrich (@JesseLehrich) February 6, 2016

But the context, in this case,  made the line land with particular force. After
a section of her speech devoted to Clinton's talents as a stateswoman, Albright
had turned more personal, saying it was time for a woman president.

Then she addressed young women in the audience directly, falling into a lecture.

"Young women have to support Hillary Clinton. The story is not over!" said
Albright. "They're going to want to push us back. Appointments to the Supreme
Court make all the difference!"

The "going to hell" line drew a great cheer from the Concord crowd, but it may
not play as well retrospectively, with a glance back of just six days, when
Bernie Sanders overwhelmingly won young voters in Iowa - by a margin of 6-to-1,
including young women.

Did young women in Iowa see a path to immortal salvation that did not include
voting for Hillary Clinton? Is Albright wrong - or are they?

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 9.29pm GMT

block-time published-time 8.37pm GMT

Around the trail: David Axelrod, former adviser to Barack Obama, gives an update
on the latest from Republican polls ...

enltrUMass tracker has @realDonaldTrump ticking up; @marcorubio down. Globe has
Rubio closing on Trump. Something for everyone! #pollingmadness

- David Axelrod (@davidaxelrod) February 6, 2016

... the Huffington Post's Sam Stein meets some Danish fellows who heard Ted
Cruz's line that Donald Trump is so reckless he'd nuke Denmark if he felt like
it ...

enltrFew dudes from Denmark outside Trump HQs in Manch. They don't like him.
They say he's called for nuking their country. They're Jeb fans

- Sam Stein (@samsteinhp) February 6, 2016

... and Hillary Clinton's campaign has officially announced that the candidate
will visit Flint, Michigan on Sunday, "to hear firsthand about the water crisis
that is harming families and what our leaders need to do to fix it".

The city's residents have suffered toxic levels of lead in their water for more
than 18 months, since state-appointed city managers began drawing water from the
polluted Flint River as a cost-cutting measure. The campaign said in a statement
that Clinton "will use her trip to urge the Republican-controlled Senate to
approve the Senate Democrats' $600 million amendment to help Flint".

Bernie Sanders has also highlighted the water crisis there, and called for Rick
Snyder, the governor who dismissed concerns from residents for months, to
resign.

Related:  'It's all just poison now': Flint reels as families struggle through
water crisis

block-time published-time 7.54pm GMT

Tattoo parlors in Montpelier, Vermont, and Seabrook, New Hampshire, are inking
the faces of Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump onto people's bodies, delighting
customers who want to show off and/or visibly regret their political choices.

The Burlington Free Press reports that Aartistic Tattoo in Montpelier has had
several dozen people get an outline of Sanders' unkempt hair and thick-rimmed
glasses. Tattoo artist Chad Fay said the free tattoo promotion will run as long
as Sanders does. Between him and coworker Jessica Andrew, the parlor's done 23
Sanders tattoos in the last week.

In Seabrook, the artists of Clay Dragon Tattoo are drawing Trump and his slogan
"Make America Great Again" on people for free. "Trump is the only one that's
giving anybody any hope to do anything different in this country," owner Bob
Holmes told Nhl.

He added that he's never voted or been interested in politics.

"You can't take life too seriously anyway, and if it's a Trump tattoo, and if he
wins which, it's going to be hard pressed that he doesn't win because he's doing
everything that no one else is doing," Holmes said. He's done one tattoo so far.

What. Photograph: Scott Eisen/Getty Images

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 7.57pm GMT

block-time published-time 7.29pm GMT

Chad Johnson, the NFL star and social media standout formerly known as Chad
Ochocinco, votes his support for Jeb Bush, who's had quite a turnout for his
Saturday morning rally:

enltrOver capacity for our Bedford town hall. For those who couldn't make it
inside, I'm glad we got to meet beforehand! pic.twitter.com/CImP4HY7nH

- Jeb Bush (@JebBush) February 6, 2016

enltr @JebBush I love you Jeb...

- Chad Johnson (@ochocinco) February 6, 2016     Cincinnati Bengals wide
receiver Chad Johnson beats horse Restore The Roar, ridden by jockey P.J.
Cooksey, by several lengths during a fundraising horse race event for Feed The
Children at River Downs Saturday, June 9, 2007, in Cincinnati. Photograph: David
Kohl/AP

(h/t @bencjacobs )

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 7.32pm GMT

block-time published-time 7.26pm GMT

Clinton asks the crowd to vote for her and promises to fight "both by heart and
by head" to make the progress you deserve. Big finale.

There's a bit of Hillary-Hillary-Hillary chanting. And a fast flow for the exit.

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 7.27pm GMT

block-time published-time 7.24pm GMT

Clinton tells the stories of a couple people she met while canvassing this
morning in Manchester. The anecdotes culminate in a personal call from Clinton:
"I want to take on the issues that are really tugging at people's lives."

"A young man came up to me and said I'm supporting you because you have made
addiction a central issue in your campaign," Clinton says. "I said, 'Do you have
personal experience with this?'

"He said yes."

An athlete in high school, Clinton said, her new acquaintance got hurt and had
surgery, afterwards becoming addicted to opiates. "I went to heroin because it
was cheaper," he told her. "I got help and I've been off it for two years. But
it's not easy. In this state particularly, it's an epidemic.

"I want to take on the issues that are really tugging at people's lives,"
Clinton says.

Knock-knock. Photograph: Justin Sullivan/Getty Images

"One of the houses I stopped at, the husband has Alzheimer's, a really handsome
ex-Marine in his 70s. And I stood and spoke with his wife, and shook his hand.

"This is the kind of thing that a president should also be worried about,"
Clinton says.

Strong applause for that line.

"When I talk about we will rise, I really mean it. We will rise, we will rise,"
she says, allowing a hint of plaintiveness in her voice.

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 8.50pm GMT

block-time published-time 7.10pm GMT

Clinton follows Albright. She's the more deliberate, deeper-voiced, methodical
speaker. The crowd quiets a bit. Listening closely.

"Each of us can serve," Clinton says. "And right now we need to join together to
make sure we serve each other and our country."

She says "too many Americans" feel like they might not have the opportunity to
rise. "Will you be pushed down and pushed back? I think about it a lot."

As my husband has said, we probably have more yesterdays than tomorrows. But
looking out at this crowd, I see a lot of people with more tomorrows than
yesterdays.

We have to knock down the barriers that are erected by greed, special interests,
powerful forces... they've been after me for decades. And you know what, I'm
still standing.

There are other kinds of discrimination than those that are fueled by greedy
economic interests," she says. She mentions racism, sexism, discrimination
against LGBTQ and the fight to overturn abortion rights.

Making the case that Sanders is a one-track candidate, and she the all-track
candidate.

block-time published-time 7.02pm GMT

Albright: Clinton 'restored America's reputation'

Madeleine Albright, the former secretary of state, is introducing Clinton in
Concord. "When she was secretary of state, she restored America's reputation,"
says the former-former secretary of state of the former secretary of state.

"Those other people before made huge mistakes. They really undermined our
reputation and our position in the world, and Hillary Clinton brought us back,
she restored our position in the world," Albright says.

"People are talking about revolution. What kind of a revolution would it be to
have the first woman president of the United States?!"

That's met with a chant of "Madam President! Madam President!"

Albright, the first woman to serve as US secretary of state, in 2003. Her memoir
was called "Madam Secretary." Photograph: Mario Tama/AFP/Getty Images

"Not only that," said Albright. "But she's just the best!"

Albright's really lighting up the room. She closes with an even bigger applause
line, with an allusion to the abortion rights fights:

"Young women have to support Hillary Clinton. The story is not over!" says
Albright. "They're going to want to push us back. Appointments to the Supreme
Court make all the difference.

"It's not done and you have to help. Hillary Clinton will always be there for
you. And just remember, there's a special place in hell for women who don't help
each other!"

That's a wildly popular thing to say, with this crowd.

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 7.04pm GMT

block-time published-time 6.51pm GMT

Cory Booker, the US senator from New Jersey, is introducing Hillary Clinton to
an excited crowd in Concord. He says that America has the right to rise, or
something. He's a good cheerleader, he's got them cheering and clapping.

Here's the start of his speech:

Booker intros Clinton.

block-time published-time 6.42pm GMT

Talk of the Republican race in New Hampshire is a lot about who's coming from
behind. For example one updated tracking poll has Ohio governor John Kasich in
second place.

But you look at the new and latest tracking polls and realize just how far
behind "behind" is - and only three days left... Trump at +17 and Trump at +21.

enltr2 NH tracking polls today ARG-Trump 34 (-2), Kasich 17 (+1), Rubio 16 (+1)
UMass-Trump 35 (+1), Rubio 14 (-1), Cruz 13 (-1), Kasich 10 (+2)

- Taniel (@Taniel) February 6, 2016

If you haven't read it yet, we recommend Sabrina Siddiqui and Ben Jacobs' report
this morning on the state of the Republican race:

With four days until New Hampshire's presidential primary, the state's
infamously late-deciding voters face a choice between Donald Trump and a
five-car pile-up.

On the one end is Trump, the frontrunner who through bombast and showmanship has
dominated the polls for months. On the other, a group of candidates vying to
salvage the establishment's standing in a race marked by frustration with
Washington and the upper echelons of the Republican party.

Each contender brought a distinct style to the campaign trail this week, seeking
to close in on voters who could still be swayed ahead of a contest that will
drastically reset the race for the Republican presidential nomination.

Read the full piece:

Related:  Republicans in high stakes fight ahead of New Hampshire primary

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 6.47pm GMT

block-time published-time 6.35pm GMT

The crowd here in Concord is waiting for Clinton who's said to be on the - hey!
Door-knocking in Manchester?!  That's 20 miles from here.

"We want Hillary!" the crowd at the Concord middle school chants... briefly.

enltrHillary Clinton door knocking in Manchester today, photo via Poole
@AlbaMonica. pic.twitter.com/gIstDNpWnu

- Alex Seitz-Wald (@aseitzwald) February 6, 2016

block-time published-time 6.29pm GMT

The Guardian's Adam Gabbatt is in Manchester, New Hampshire, with Ohio governor
John Kasich,  who has climbed to third place in the state, according to a Boston
Globe / Suffolk University poll published late last week.

Kasich has staked his campaign on a strong finish in New Hampshire (second would
do it?) and has a full slate of events over the next three days to make his
closing argument to voters.

But he still had time for this (Kasich is left, Gabbatt right):

enltrEnjoying my new role as selfie correspondent: here's John Kasich in
Manchester pic.twitter.com/z6ProlB8Qn

- Adam Gabbatt (@adamgabbatt) February 6, 2016

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 6.40pm GMT

block-time published-time 6.23pm GMT

The Concord crowd (and your blogger) is/are waiting for Hillary Clinton to take
the stage. Meantime the Guardian's Lauren Gambino has spoken with Olivia
Schribert, who came to the Concord event with her high school class from
Mamaroneck, New York.

Schribert says her classmates are spread out across the state at various Bernie
Sanders and Marco Rubio events.

Schribert, who will turn 18 before November, said she hopes the first vote she
casts is for the first woman president of the United States.

Many of her friends are divided over who they support, and she says she "gets
the appeal" of Sanders, who polls show is leading with young people.

In a play for a piece of Sanders' young fan base, Clinton has advanced the
argument in recent days that pragmatism, not passion, gets results. (She once
told actress Lena Dunham in an interview: "if you can't get excited, be
pragmatic.")

Clinton had found a disciple in Schribert - who, unfortunately for Clinton, is
not a New Hampshire voter.

"I think Bernie's ideas are really good but I think Hillary has a better chance
of getting things passed," Schribert said.

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 6.55pm GMT

block-time published-time 6.12pm GMT

A Super Pac backing Carly Fiorina, the former Hewlett-Packard CEO, has produced
a video mocking ABC News for not inviting the Republican candidate to
participate in tonight's presidential debate.

ABC says Fiorina's poll numbers (averaging 2.2 points nationally and 3.9/6th
place in New Hampshire ) aren't high enough. Fiorina points out that in the Iowa
caucuses, she did better than bro candidates Jeb Bush and Chris Christie, and
they're invited to the debate.

enltrCheck out this parody video about ABC's rigged debate tonight-hilarious!
https://t.co/9fMrU65Pw3

- Carly Fiorina (@CarlyFiorina) February 6, 2016

Former Massachusetts governor and most recent Republican presidential nominee
Mitt Romney weighed in on Fiorina's side on Twitter the other day:

enltrHey @ABC : put @CarlyFiorina on the debate stage! She got more Iowa votes
than John and Chris. Don't exclude only woman.

- Mitt Romney (@MittRomney) February 4, 2016

Here's a picture of the loathèd stage. Let's count those lecterns: seven. That
would be Trump, Cruz, Rubio, Carson, Kasich, Bush and Christie. Not looking good
for Fiorina.

enltrThe stage is set for the @ABC News #GOPDebate in New Hampshire. Tune in
TONIGHT at 8/7c. pic.twitter.com/tNyTdXWcZH

- This Week (@ThisWeekABC) February 6, 2016

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 6.18pm GMT

block-time published-time 6.06pm GMT

Here's an update that would seem to put the lie to the LA Times piece we
featured earlier, about Hillary Clinton subtly conceding New Hampshire, as
evidenced by Bill Clinton's being assigned to campaign in faraway Nevada at the
weekend.

It's true that Bill Clinton is campaigning in Nevada today. But guess where
he'll be tomorrow? The Guardian's  Lauren Gambino  reports :

Double act alert: Father-daughter stump speech

While Hillary Clinton visits Flint, Michigan, on Sunday, her husband and
daughter will rally voters at two events in New Hampshire tomorrow - the second
event promising to finish before the start of the SuperBowl.

The first event will be held in Keene and the second in Milford.

Scheduled for New Hampshire Sunday: father-daughter time. Photograph: Andrew
Harnik/AP

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 6.09pm GMT

block-time published-time 5.55pm GMT

Hillary Clinton supporters aren't just following her - they're also
pamphleteering a Bernie Sanders rally just wrappted at Franklin Pierce
University in Rindge, New Hampshire, reports Guardian Washington bureau chief
Dan Roberts  at the scene:

enltrAs Bernie fires up students and Clinton prepares to leave for Flint her
supporters are sticking this on cars outside pic.twitter.com/KRZKuG9gXD

- Dan Roberts (@RobertsDan) February 6, 2016

Franklin Pierce was the penultimate pre-civil war president (1853-57), and the
only US president from New Hampshire, so far. And what would he think of
Sanders?

enltrDeep thoughts: What would Franklin Pierce think of @SenSanders on a campus
named after him? #fitnpic.twitter.com/Ryyj33Jzb6

- James Pindell (@JamesPindell) February 6, 2016

Not pictured: cane, or executive desk, or Marmaduke, or something.

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 5.56pm GMT

block-time published-time 5.40pm GMT

Is Clinton contesting New Hampshire ? An LA Times piece this morning asserts she
is not. Bill Clinton, whose 1992 candidacy sparked here, is campaigning in
Nevada, which caucuses later this month, instead of in the Granite State. Real
Clear Politics polling averages have Bernie Sanders up 16.7 points in New
Hampshire, just three days before the primary.

Update: Bill Clinton and Chelsea Clinton to campaign in New Hampshire Sunday

I will win you over yet. Photograph: Jacquelyn Martin/AP

So "she isn't working the state the way she did in 2008 when she pulled off an
upset victory," report Evan Halper and Michael Memoli in the Times:

While Clinton continued to express hope that a victory is possible in this
state, where voters are prone to wild shifts in opinion up until election day,
she isn't working the state the way she did in 2008 when she pulled off an upset
victory. By Friday, former President Bill Clinton had already been dispatched to
Las Vegas to headline events aimed at organizing voters to turn out for the
Nevada caucuses, which are taking on increased importance as a must-win firewall
for his wife. The campaign released its first Spanish-language ads Friday, which
it will start airing in Nevada.

But Clinton's rally in Concord this morning, and her events schedule of two
get-out-the-vote's and a town hall on Saturday, feel nothing like a concession.
Clinton will be in Henniker this afternoon and in Portsmouth this evening.
Traveling with her are the natural duo  of Madeleine Albright, the former
secretary of state, and Cory Booker, the US senator from New Jersey

I've always had a weakness for lost causes once they're really lost. Photograph:
Andrew Kelly/REUTERS

"You need to talk to your friends and neighbors about why this election is
important to you, and important to your family," says Clinton's warm-up act in
Concord. "We just have to hunker down and work really hard for the next three
days."

The Guardian's Lauren Gambino is in the room with the blog, and catches a little
taste of the action on video:

603 is New Hampshire's area code.

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 6.14pm GMT

block-time published-time 5.27pm GMT

Hello from a Hillary Clinton Get-Out-the-Vote event at Rundlett Middle School in
Concord, New Hampshire, where a peppy weekend crowd of a couple hundred people -
and counting - is filling a gym for an event set to start in a half hour.

Here was the scene this morning in New Hampshire:

Outside Northhampton, NH, on Saturday, 6 February. Photograph: Guardian

The snow hasn't slowed the crowd from coming to Concord, where hardy Clintonfans
have filled the present space. State senator Dan Feltes is "warming" them up:

New Hampshire state senator Dan Feltes warms up the Clinton crowd. Photograph:
Guardian

block-time published-time 5.22pm GMT

Surely aware that Tuesday's vote will be his last stand - his last chance to
have an impact on this race - Chris Christie is going negative to make his mark,
writes Jonathan Freedland in Bedford, NH.

The New Jersey governor's stump speech delivered just now in Bedford consisted
of a barely-veiled attack on Marco Rubio - the man he clearly deems his biggest
rival for the support of relatively moderate Republicans.

Without mentioning Rubio by name, he mocked the role of "first term US
senators", arguing that they lack the executive experience essential for the
role of the presidency - experience that governors like him have in spades.

"The presidency is not a place for on the job training", Christie said, adding
there was "no owner's manual" left in the drawer of the desk of the Oval Office.

Implicitly comparing Rubio to Barack Obama, he said the presidency should not be
"handed to someone who can read a teleprompter better than anyone else." He went
on to liken the life of a US senator to that of a child at grade school - devoid
of any real responsibility.

All that was missing was a repeat of the description Christie offered earlier
this week of Rubio as "the boy in the bubble" , unable to function outside the
comfort zone of scripted remarks.

Playing to the stereotype of the pugnacious New Jersey pol, Christie promised he
"would leave nothing behind" during the hand to hand combat of tonight's TV
debate of Republican candidates.

But he couldn't go without delivering a couple of swipes at Donald Trump too.
"This job cannot go to an entertainer in chief. We need a commander in chief."

"Showtime is over," he said. "It's game time. It's time to pick a president."

Christie, Baker and Hogan. Photograph: Jonathan Freedland for the Guardian

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 5.31pm GMT

block-time published-time 5.02pm GMT

Rupert Murdoch,  the media owner, says Hillary Clinton's candidacy is sinking
and Democrats wish John Kerry would step in, so it must be true.

enltrWatch Hillary's candidacy sink and sink. Nobody buying and more big trouble
coming on emails. Dems looking for replacement. John Kerry?

- Rupert Murdoch (@rupertmurdoch) February 6, 2016     Been there, done that.
Photograph: Olivier Douliery/EPA

block-time published-time 4.51pm GMT

Sanders: I feel like a rock star

Bernie Sanders is speaking at Franklin Pierce University in southern New
Hampshire, a school named after our 14th and perhaps most obscure president. A
large crowd of young people have gathered to hear him speak.

He's doing his stump speech standards - the price gouging and chaos of the
American healthcare system, the broken criminal justice system, etc. He's
speaking about climate change at the moment, saying it'll cause more floods,
drought, international conflict.

Sanders. Photograph: John Minchillo/AP

"What we're doing to the oceans already is tragic," he says. We don't have a
single Republican candidate who's willing to stand up on the issue, he adds,
because of the contributions they receive from the Koch brothers and other
fossil fuel interests.

Somebody shouts: "We have you!"

Sanders gets into his riff on Wall Street, whose executives spent "billions of
dollars [on lobbying] to say we want to get the government off our backs".

After they got the government off of their backs, it turned out that their
operations were basically fraudulent. That they were selling subprime mortgage
practices that were worthless. That Wall Street teetered on the edge of
collapse. You and your parents bailed them out.

He notes that two Goldman Sachs executives have become secretaries of the
Treasury under Republican and Democratic candidates, and that dozens of
executives have gone "in government and do the bidding of Wall Street".

But he comes around to say that he wants to even the teams, and get the people
represented properly in Washington again. He's getting angry.

He takes off his jacket and the crowd goes wild.

"I feel like a rock and roll star," he laughs. "Nothing more is coming off,
that's it."

"Don't accept reality just because it's out there," he urges the crowd. "Ask
why. When you see somebody homeless sleeping out in the street, don't accept
that as normal. It is not normal."

Related:  Republicans reject climate change fears despite rebukes from
scientists

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 4.58pm GMT

block-time published-time 4.30pm GMT

Hillary Clinton has not struggled to find income in the years since she left the
White House and State Department. Edward Helmore  reports on the finances of the
former secretary of state.

Bill and Hillary Clinton have made more than $153m from paid speeches over the
last 15 years, a CNN study has found, including at least $7.7m from 39 speeches
to Wall Street firms including Goldman Sachs, UBS and Bank of America.

The study found that between 2001 and the formal announcement of Hillary
Clinton's campaign last May, the couple gave 729 speeches at an average of
$210,795 each. Hillary Clinton, who is facing campaign-trail scrutiny over her
ties to Wall Street, earned more than $1.8m for at least eight speeches to large
financial institutions, the study found.

Claims by Bernie Sanders that Clinton is an establishment politician who
"throughout one's life raised a whole lot of money from the drug companies and
other special interests" provoked a sharp response during this week's debate,
when Clinton accused the Vermont senator of attacking her "by innuendo, by
insinuation".

"You will not find that I ever changed a view or a vote because of any donation
I ever received," Clinton said.

Her campaign has said it is considering releasing the text of speeches she gave
to Wall Street firms.

Related:  Clinton puts Sanders on the defensive in heated Democrat debate

According to CNN, Bill Clinton made the majority of the speeches, 637, earning
$132m; his wife earned more than $21m from 92 speeches.

In 2013, the study found, Hillary Clinton made $775,000 from three speeches to
Goldman Sachs and $225,000 each from UBS, Morgan Stanley, Bank of America and
Deutsche Bank.

The analysis show a steady increase in the couple's billing. In 2004, Bill
Clinton was charging $125,000 per engagement. In 2014, for a speech to Bank of
America/Merrill Lynch in London, his fee was $500,000.

Hillary Clinton hit the big bank speaking circuit in 2013, after leaving the
State Department. She spoke then at $225,000 per engagement. In 2014, her fee
was $260,000 - a 15% rise.

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 5.22pm GMT

block-time published-time 4.03pm GMT

The weird week in review: losers, tantrums, "say it to my face," sticker face,
Cruz counrty [sic], evasive children, doppelänger Sanders and more.

block-time published-time 3.15pm GMT

Thirty-five but still best known as a White House kid, Chelsea Clinton is on the
trail for her mother. But maybe the excitement surrounding her mom's opponent is
getting to her ...  Lauren Gambino drops a line from New Hampshire.

Chelsea Clinton, the former and possibly future first daughter of the United
States, is the product of two high-powered politicians whose address was once
1600 Pennsylvania Ave. She has worked for NBC, her family's foundation, and had
media training for years. But all the preparation in the world can't always
prevent slip.

Clinton has raised eyebrows as of late for her sharp attacks against the only
man standing between her mother and the Democratic nomination: Vermont senator
Bernie Sanders. But on the campaign trail in Minnesota this week, however, a
slip of the tongue accidentally paid him a compliment.

Criticizing Sanders for his vote on a bill granting legal immunity to the gun
industry, Clinton referred to her mom's rival as "President Sanders".

The media training kicked in immediately: " Senator Sanders excuse me, I hope
not President Sanders!"  The crowd laughed, and Clinton carried on.

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 3.28pm GMT

block-time published-time 2.47pm GMT

Hello and welcome to our live coverage of the electoral battle for New
Hampshire, 2016 edition, three days out from the first-in-the-nation primary.
With Iowa settled ( more or less ) in a victory for Republican Ted Cruz  and a
de facto tie for Democrats  Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, New Hampshire
has become a high-stakes fight for every candidate in the field.

For some, the Granite State is their last and only hope. Republicans  Jeb Bush,
John Kasich and Chris Christie have poured nearly all their time and money into
New Hampshire in the hopes that its voters, more moderate than the evangelical
base of Iowa, will turn the party away from the religious fervor of Cruz and
"everything is terrible" rhetoric of Donald Trump.

But polls put Trump on top by a healthy margin of more than 15 points, and Marco
Rubio  is nudging himself into position as the best-placed alternative to both
the unpredictable billionaire and the much-loathed senator from Texas.

Ben Carson, Carly Fiorina,  and Jim Gilmore  are still there, too.

Related:  Happy Gilmore: on the trail - and at the gun range - with the unknown
candidate

Democrats also face what could be the first truly decisive vote in the 2016
election. Clinton beat Sanders in Iowa by a tiny margin, and caucus night was a
chaotic, poorly managed affair. The race turned emotional and sharp on Thursday,
in the first debate that pit the two candidates against each other.

Despite her enormous campaign resources, her many allies and her healthy
national lead in the polls, Clinton is something of an underdog in New
Hampshire. Sanders has a 21-point lead there, according to averages, and is
slowly approaching her poll numbers nationally. Democrats have found themselves
divided along similar lines as Republicans (age, wealth, race and more), and
while Clinton has racked up endorsements Sanders continues to surprise her,
winning over a former head of the NAACP and turning out large numbers of young
voters.

So stick with us through the day for everything from the trail. From the trail,
we've got DC bureau chief Dan Roberts, national affairs correspondent Tom
McCarthy, national reporter Lauren Gambino, political reporters Ben Jacobs and
Sabrina Siddiqui, and Adam Gabbatt, who just went shooting with the candidate
that America forgot.

There'll also be comment and analysis, eg: a look at Clinton from Jill Abramson.

Related:  Hillary Clinton is at her best when she's counted out, campaigning her
heart out

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              613 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                            January 1, 2011 Saturday

good player may not be good coach

BYLINE:

SECTION: FORWARD; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 583  words


Lack of strategy, absence of vision, lack of leadership - all of these could be
what led the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League to
unceremoniously axe head coach Mike Singletary.

This leaves the 49ers looking for their fourth head coach in seven seasons - not
a winning strategy for any organization, and ultimately a symbol that things
within the once storied franchise are in disarray.

Since 2008, when Singletary replaced fired Mike Nolan, his coaching style has
been mired in controversy - from intentionally dropping his pants during a
half-time pep talk, to publicly calling out star tight end Vernon Davis as
"uncoachable," to his sideline tirades caught on camera.

Although Singletary started off his tenure on a high note, salvaging a lost
season in 2008 and earning a four-year, US$10-million contract, 2009 and 2010
proved largely disappointing for Niner fans.

Full of bravado and bluster, Singletary claimed he was interested only in team
players who were focused on winning.

However his approach backfired. Instead of motivating his players, he alienated
them.

His attempts to inspire served only to belittle and it wasn't long before
Singletary lost the locker room. In 2010, Singletary made matters worse by
playing yo-yo with his starting quarterbacks, which eroded any credibility he
had left with his players and the fans.

Singletary's vision for the Niners was to mould them into a modern-day version
of the legendary Chicago Bears' teams on which he played.

The problem is that he lacked the football knowledge, people skills and
leadership to create a West Coast version of "Da Bears."

It is ironic that this drama played out against the backdrop of Bill Walsh's
legacy in San Francisco. Walsh was the Niners' Hall of Fame coach who was not
only an innovator on the field but a leader on the sidelines and in the locker
room.

With Walsh, the 49ers had a coach whose Superbowl rings and revolutionary West
Coast offence bought him instant credibility with his players. Winning was
synonymous with the 49ers in the '80s and '90s, because Walsh was ahead of the
curve in the NFL and he was able to get his players to buy in to his strategy
and vision.

While Singletary was a force to be reckoned with as a football player - his
accomplishments are too numerous to mention - this doesn't translate to being an
NFL-calibre head coach. His lack of strong leadership, inability to transmit his
vision to the team and inability to connect with players led to a lack of
respect for him as a coach. Part of this issue could have been resolved if the
49ers had elected to have a strong leader in a general manager that could mentor
Singletary and keep his antics in check.

When organizations are looking to appoint someone as a people manager, it's
important to look, not just at their skill set and if they are good at their
current role, but also at what other assets they bring to this leadership role.

Being able to engage staff is crucial to any manager's success. For those
looking to evolve into people manager roles, improving your leadership skills,
learning how to strategize and working on how to interact with and motivate
people will be crucial to your success as a people manager.

While Singletary was a Hall of Fame player, he didn't have the knowledge, vision
and leadership skills required to be a winning NFL coach.

Sara Ritchie has worked for the past 13 years in sales and communications in
Saint John, Montreal and Toronto. She can be reached at sarathewriter@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2011 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              614 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      Courier Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                            August 30, 1999, Monday

Machine sorts  TV's wheat from the chaff

BYLINE: Jon Healey i

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 469 words


FOR many United States TV viewers, the increase in cable and satellite channels
hasn't made it easier to find something good to watch _ it's just buried the
good shows under a mountain of video landfill.

Ed Wodzienski has responded to the challenge in a typical Silicon Valley
fashion: with new technology. A computer consultant in Santa Clara, California,
Wodzienski uses one of an emerging set of microprocessor-powered tools to weed
through the expanded line-up and record shows he might otherwise have
overlooked.

His helper _ a $499 Philips digital video recorder _ uses software from Santa
Clara-based TiVo Inc to suggest shows that Wodzienski might find appealing. It's
far from perfect, he said, but it's a start.

While some competitors belittle TiVo's approach, there is widespread interest
around the TV industry in creating advanced programme guides that can
personalise the nightly lineup. For example, there are several on-screen guides
today that make it easier to find and record shows according to some feature
that you might like _ a particular actress, say, or movie genre.

And in the coming months, more companies will try to follow TiVo's lead and
predict programmes based on your viewing profile. It's a tricky task that
involves some heavy statistical analysis, but advocates say these advanced
programme guides are the way of the future.

The viewer's dilemma is this: Even on an antiquated cable system like the one in
San Jose, California, there is almost 2000 hours of programming to choose from
each day.

For most of those shows, a fair amount of information is available _ schedules,
plot summaries, rating codes, actors, directors and the like. Viewers with
specially equipped sets, satellite TV or digital cable service can display this
information on their TV screens, using something called an electronic guide.

The problem is crunching all that data. And that's where the new programme-guide
technology comes in. Wodzienski's TiVo recorder learns his likes and dislikes by
tracking his reactions to shows or programme listings, which he expresses by
pressing a green "thumbs up" or a red "thumbs down" button on his remote
control. Wodzienski can also tell the box which channels are his favourites.

The box uses this information to develop a profile of Ed Wodzienski, TV viewer.
Then it compares the profile with information in the programme guide, and
records shows likely to appeal to him.

Replay Networks, TiVo's rival in the US digital video recorder market, has
technology that searches the programming line-up for shows whose descriptions
contain key words or phrases specified by the viewer _ "John Wayne", for
example, or "ballet".

The programmes that match are assembled into virtual channels on Replay's
on-screen menu.

Mike O'Connor is away sick.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1999 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              615 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            July 21, 1999, Wednesday

merican law would apply to US airlines owned by foreigners

SECTION: EDITORIAL/OPINION; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 846 words


In the months that have passed since our proposal to let foreigners own and
control U.S. airlines (March 26, Page 5A), a number of comments have appeared in
The Journal of Commerce and elsewhere supporting and criticizing it.

The support, mainly from Europeans, assorted academics, and free traders no
matter the nationality, did not add much to the debate. The criticism did.

Among those most critical have been not the U.S. carriers, which seem to
understand the trend toward globalization and do not belittle its advantages,
but rather U.S. labor unions (""Don't let foreign interests control U.S.
airlines,'' June 16, Page 8).

They seem to believe that any new U.S. airline - if financed, owned or
controlled by foreign interests - will be difficult, if not impossible, to
organize. Hence it may stand out as a non-union ""scab'' amid existing large
U.S. carriers, most of which are partially or completely organized.

They also seem to believe that letting foreigners control U.S. airlines will
produce no benefits for the traveling or non-traveling U.S. public. These views
warrant discussion and clarification.

The proposal we advance would make foreign ownership conditioned, first, on U.S.
incorporation of the owning company and, second, on compliance by that U. S.
corporation with all the laws of this land. That would include labor as well as
tax and other laws to which U.S. airlines are subject.

In short, just as U.S.-owned and -controlled airlines operating under the U. S.
flag are subject to the Railway Labor Act, the duty to bargain and the
possibility of being organized, so too would foreign-owned and -controlled U. S.
airlines operating similarly under the U.S. flag.

Ours is not a proposal that contemplates allowing foreign-owned airlines flying
foreign flags of convenience and employing cheap foreign labor to enter the U.S.
cabotage trades, in other words, carrying passengers between, say, Chicago and
New York.

On the contrary, we propose new U.S.-incorporated airlines, flying the U.S.
flag, employing U.S. labor, and paying U.S. taxes, except that they could be
owned and controlled by foreigners.

The fact that these airlines would be U.S.-incorporated and their aircraft would
all be flying the U.S. flag makes it most unlikely, contrary to the
apprehensions of the Department of Defense, that they would be able any more
easily than U.S.-owned carriers to avoid making their fleets available in times
of national emergency under the Civil Reserve Air Fleet program.

Moreover, there is no likelihood of a Saddam Hussein-owned U.S. carrier. The
Department of Transportation's traditional rules governing fitness, supplemented
by views from the State Department, would remain fully effective, except on the
overall question of U.S. ownership.

Similarly, the program could be made reciprocal - in other words, Richard
Branson could not buy or own a U.S. airline unless U.S. citizens could buy or
own a British airline.

This is surely not a prescription for taking away jobs from American workers.
Nor is it a prescription for lowering their wages.

By increasing the numbers of U.S. carriers operating in the marketplace, more
jobs would become available for American employees at new U.S. airlines and for
American employees at U.S. airports and elsewhere in the vibrant U.S. aviation
industry.

It's a fact that, just as Southwest and other U.S. airlines are union-
organized, so too could any of the new foreign-owned U.S. flag airlines be
organized and their employees able to enjoy equal pay scales with other
organized U.S. companies.

It is not at all surprising that the Daimler buyout of Chrysler has given the
AFL-CIO an opportunity to now organize previously unorganized Mercedes- Benz
employees in America.

There is no reason why similar opportunities would not open up with new U.S.
-flag airlines owned wholly or in part by foreign interests.

In this age of globalization, the burden should not be on the proponents of
transnational investment.

It should fall on those who argue that airlines are in some way different from
Chrysler or Columbia Pictures or Bankers Trust - all of which have recently been
acquired by foreign companies without any perceptible damage to the country.

It is wrong to argue that opening up U.S. airline ownership to foreigners would
not stimulate new U.S. start-ups and, hence, competition in the U.S. airline
marketplace.

Anyone who has been filing applications recently for new U.S. start-ups can
attest to the scarcity of U.S. investment funds for these ventures. So too can
the DOT.

In any case, if some foreign carrier or other foreign source of capital wishes
to buy out TWA, or if Branson wants to start up a new U.S.-flag carrier, would
it not be shortsighted of this country and contrary to its best interests to
deny them that opportunity?

ANDREAS F. LOWENFELD

ALLAN I. MENDELSOHN

(Andreas F. Lowenfeld is a law professor at New York University Law School.
Allan I. Mendelsohn is an adjunct professor of law at Georgetown Law Center.)

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic - LETTERS Drawing of a commercial jetliner;

                    Copyright 1999 Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              616 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   November 8, 1990, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Volvos to take a monster stomping for fun

BYLINE: Stuart Elliott

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 221 words


Volvo's monster public relations headache just got worse: Bear Foot is back.

The United States Hot Rod Association this weekend is planning to drive two
monster trucks named Bear Foot - weighing 12,000 pounds each - over two used
Volvos.

The stunt is inspired by ads in which a Volvo 240 survived a flattening by a
Bear Foot.

But Volvo Cars of North America revealed Monday that the ads - now pulled from
TV and magazines - are not what they seem.

They give the impression they were shot at a monster truck exhibition last June.
But after an investigation by the Texas attorney general, Volvo conceded the
event was staged specifically to photograph the ads.

Plus, Volvo admitted there were three cars in the ads, not one, and they were
reinforced with steel and wood to withstand being run over.

''We're not out to belittle Volvo. We're having a little fun,'' says Michael
Weber, spokesman for the USHRA.

The group produces motor-sports events in which monster trucks demolish cars.

The stunt was added to events at the Spectrum in Philadelphia Friday and the
Houston Astrodome Saturday.

Told about the stunt, Volvo is keeping a stiff upper lip - as well as stiff
upper bodies.

''I guess we'll have to take our lumps,'' says spokesman Robert Austin. ''It was
bound to happen. We opened ourselves up to it.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                              617 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                             July 13, 2006 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Sorry T.O., we hardly knew you

BYLINE: By Allen Wilson - NEWS SPORTS REPORTER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 596 words


Let me be the first to apologize to Terrell Owens. All this time I thought he
was a self-serving, backstabbing team-wrecker. It turns out I had him all wrong.

My bad, T.O.

The controversial wide receiver's new 242-page book, predictably titled "T.O.,"
reveals a man who has been misunderstood throughout his stormy NFL career. It
was written with the help of Jason Rosenhaus, the younger brother of Owens'
agent, Drew Rosenhaus, so we can take every word as gospel.

The book begins with Owens explaining he wrote the book because it gave him a
chance to communicate directly to you -- the fan.

"So much of what I said and did was portrayed to you by the media," writes
Owens, now with the Dallas Cowboys. "When I did a television interview, you saw
the edited version of what I had to say, rather than the whole interview. When I
talked to reporters, they took the catchy, controversial lines and presented
them as if that were all I had to say."

In other words, his critical comments about players and coaches in San Francisco
and Philadelphia were twisted by the unscrupulous media. I'm embarrassed to be a
member of the profession.

How could we treat Owens this way? All he's ever done is draw attention to
himself, belittle teammates and disrupt the chemistry on every team he's ever
played for. Other than that, he's not such a bad guy.

Owens' book lets us know that, in his mind, nothing that happened during his two
tumultuous seasons in Philadelphia was his fault. Don't blame him for taking
verbal jabs at quarterback Donovan McNabb, for throwing left jabs at defensive
end Hugh Douglas, for being suspended last fall, for hiring Drew Rosenhaus or
for wanting to renegotiate a seven-year, $49 million contract that Owens had
signed against the advice of the NFL Players Association.

The book's juiciest tidbits were about McNabb. Before a highly anticipated 2004
game at Pittsburgh, Owens claims an unidentified Eagles offensive coach told him
to be positive and supportive of McNabb because he gets nervous and tight in big
games.

"If things got rough and Donovan got into a funk, he wanted me to be there for
Donovan and help him get through it," Owens writes. "I told the coach I would."

What a guy, that T.O. And you thought he wasn't a team player.

Owens recounted a game against the New York Giants two years ago. When McNabb
failed to get a wide-open Owens the ball, Owens went back to the huddle and said
-- in a friendly way, of course -- "I was open. . . . Dude, you missed me."

McNabb, according to Owens, responded, "Shut the [expletive] up!"

Owens said he approached McNabb in the locker room afterward and McNabb blew him
off. Owens added there were other situations when McNabb refused to throw to him
because McNabb was jealous of his popularity.

Owens said coach Andy Reid had to suspend him after McNabb "added salt to the
wound by coming out and saying the Eagles would be better off without me."

"That was crazy! I couldn't believe it," Owens writes. "I don't know what
happened to my friend, but this wasn't the same Donovan I had cared about."

The nerve of McNabb, treating Owens like that.

Owens also discussed his well-publicized locker room brawl with Douglas (Douglas
started it), his disappointment over the Eagles not honoring his 100th career
touchdown catch (a slap in the face) and ignoring his contract demands
(disrespectful).

The Eagles say the Cowboys don't know what they're getting themselves into. But
I'm sure Bill Parcells and Drew Bledsoe will read the book and realize that this
is Owens' world. We just live in it.

e-mail: awilson@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Commentary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 The Buffalo News


                              618 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            July 15, 2000, Saturday

JOHNSON, GREENE IN WAR OF WORDS

BYLINE: JOEL SHERMAN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 041

LENGTH: 343 words


SACRAMENTO - Michael Johnson and Maurice Greene, one day after sitting at the
same press conference and downplaying their 200-meter showdown next week, went
WWF yesterday, taking a couple of long-distance swipes to accentuate the dislike
they have toward each other.

In yesterday's edition of USA Today, Johnson used the forum of a guest
commentary to belittle Greene's running this season, his intelligence in how he
has prepared in an Olympic year, his confidence and the training team of which
he is part.

Admitting motivation from those words, Greene then went out last night and
dropped a calling card on the 100-meter field by winning his heat in 9.93
seconds, the only sub-10 second time and a second faster than the next best.
Afterward, less than 24 hours away from the semifinal and final of the 100,
Greene was asked what his goal is at these U.S. Track and Field Trials and
responded, "To get Michael Johnson. That's what I want to do."

Johnson and Greene, barring a preliminary round shock, are scheduled to face
each other a week from tomorrow on the final day of this meet at 200 meters.

"No, I feel very motivated," Greene said when asked if he was upset with
Johnson's USA Today piece. "He doesn't think anyone could beat him. But the last
time we raced (in 1998 at 200 meters) I beat him."

*

Marion Jones opened her busy weekend by running the fastest time in the
100-meter quarterfinals, a 10.92. Two hours later, she finished fifth in
long-jump qualifying to advance. Today Jones is expected to run the semifinal
and final in the 100, and tomorrow she is expected to compete in the long jump
final.

Other notables advancing in the women's 100 were Chryste Gaines, Gail Devers and
Inger Miller. In the men's 100, Dennis Mitchell, who recently finished a
one-year drug suspension, advanced to the semis.

Allan Houston, a part of the latest version of the Dream Team, may not be the
only member of his family in Sydney. His sister, Lynn Houston was one of 12
women to advance to tomorrow's final in the high jump.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              619 of 996 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 12, 2014 Sunday

The Fayetteville Observer, N.C., Myron B. Pitts column

BYLINE: Myron B. Pitts, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 542 words


Jan. 12--Thursday, I wrote about the "25 percent rule" that forces Cumberland
County schools to select just a few of its many talented teachers to offer
raises.

I heard from many upset educators, current and former.

"This latest slam at teachers is another attempt to belittle and run good people
out of the profession," wrote Kay Strickland, a retired teacher.

The N.C. General Assembly imposed the law on school systems statewide. The
policy will reward some good teachers and leave the rest of the good teachers
out in the cold. Republicans pushed the bill in Raleigh, but in Cumberland
County, the issue is not about politics.

Greg West, Cumberland County's school board chairman and a Republican, said he
generally supports the idea of incentive pay.

But he says, "The issue we need to be focused on is getting the base pay up.
That's going to do more to retain and attract educators.

"The majority of our teachers deserve a bonus," West said. "We've been
performing at a high level amid these cuts and recession."

But West added that school officials must still comply with the law and come up
with a list.

Teachers who take the $500-a-year raise must forfeit career status. This is
called tenure in shorthand, but K-12 teachers are not like tenured college
professors, who have lifetime positions and can be removed only in extreme
cases.

Career status gives teachers due process if an employer wants to fire them. We
would all want the same.

Uncertainty about raises

Only the first $500 is guaranteed to teachers who sign the four-year contract.
The remaining raises must be approved by the General Assembly, which may claim
the money is not there. A cold reality is that many on the far right have given
up on traditional public schools and will focus future funding increases on
charter schools -- 26 were approved last week -- and on private schools.

In an article in Raleigh's News & Observer, a Wake County school board member
asked what will happen to teachers who gave up their tenure if the raises don't
happen. Can they get it back? The law is unclear.

"Most teachers are at first confused by it," said Joseph Sorce of the changes.
He is the president of the Cumberland County Association of Educators and a
veteran teacher at T.C. Berrien Elementary School.

He says county schools have dispatched teachers-of-the-year to explain the
changes to their colleagues.

Sorce, himself, believes the contracts are not "a fair way to reward teachers."
He advocates across-the-board pay raises. But he said some colleagues have said
they would consider the contracts.

"I hear some veteran teachers telling me, who are near retirement, maybe it's a
good idea if I get that raise those last four years."

Will school officials see it in the system's best interest to give raises to
teachers who might retire soon? Conversely, would it be fair to exclude teachers
from consideration on those grounds?

I don't envy people making any of these decisions, and I'm sick about this
puzzling assault on a noble profession.

Columnist Myron B. Pitts can be reached at pittsm@fayobserver.com or 486-3559.

___ (c)2014 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140112-FY-The-Fayetteville-Observer-N-C-Myron-B-Pitts-column-20140112

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2014 The Fayetteville Observer


                              620 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Little to argue about in final season of B.C.S.;
Auburn and Florida State will play for the title in matchup of top 2 teams

BYLINE: GREG BISHOP

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 893 words

ABSTRACT

This matchup between Auburn and Florida State was created without controversy as
the Bowl Championship Series nears its end.

FULL TEXT

In its final season, college football's beleaguered postseason system, known as
the Bowl Championship Series, seemed destined for one last controversy. This
felt not only likely but somehow appropriate.

Fans, pundits, coaches, players - they could all but put it on the schedule.
Dec. 7: conference championship games for some teams; final regular-season
matchups for others. Dec. 8: argue about, rip into and generally belittle the
B.C.S., a target easily and fairly among the most maligned in sports.

It's funny, then, how everything played out. How Auburn won a shootout with
Missouri to vanquish its second top-five foe in the past two weeks. How Ohio
State stumbled for the first time in two years. How Florida State bludgeoned
another overmatched opponent.

Where chaos was expected, there was peace.

As those three games barreled toward their conclusions on Saturday, it became
clear that this season's national championship would be created without
controversy. The same could be said, for the most part, for all of this season's
B.C.S. selections. The same could be said for many years of the B.C.S.
standings, despite all the ridicule lobbed at the selection process.

So Florida State will meet Auburn in January in Pasadena, Calif., with the
national championship at stake. This is the game almost everybody wanted -
everybody, that is, outside Ohio, the home of the Buckeyes. Just as the
Seminoles tangled with a Southeastern Conference team (Tennessee) for the
inaugural B.C.S. title in the 1998 season, they will do so again for the final
one.

''What a final season for the B.C.S.,'' a giddy Bill Hancock, the organization's
executive director, said on a conference call late Sunday.

He added, ''There was some nostalgia around here today.''

Hancock, naturally, focused on the times the B.C.S.'s convoluted formula worked
out. He cited one of his favorite statistics: that in the 56 years before the
B.C.S., the top two teams in the country squared off in a bowl game eight times.
In 16 years of the B.C.S., the top two teams in the organization's standings met
at the end of each season, and the Associated Press top 25 poll agreed on 13
occasions, Hancock said.

''We've gotten it right way more times than we've created controversy,'' he
said. ''I find it interesting that people tend to focus on the times we've had
debate.''

Regardless, change is coming; next year, college football will introduce a
four-team playoff system. In future years, that system is very likely to be
expanded, at least to eight teams. And yet while the postseason itself will
change for good in about a month, the final pairing also felt familiar.

The state of Alabama will have yet another representative in the championship
bout, for the fifth straight year. The SEC, the conference that spawned the
winners of the previous seven national titles (including Auburn, for the 2010
season), will be gunning for an eighth straight.

If destiny factors at all into the results of sporting events, if you believe in
lucky bounces and momentum and whatever cannot easily be explained, then both
teams can lay claim to the D-word, in their own way.

For Auburn, there was the late touchdown pass against Georgia that deflected off
a defender's hands. There was the field goal that Alabama missed at the end of
the Iron Bowl, that Auburn's Chris Davis raced from his own end zone into
college football lore. Then there was Saturday's SEC title game, against
Missouri, secured by Auburn with 59 points.

For Florida State, destiny was dominance, not thrilling victories in the closing
seconds.

The Seminoles crushed Duke on Saturday in the Atlantic Coast Conference title
game, much as they crushed every team their schedule placed in front of them.
They outscored teams by an average of 42.3 points and won 12 games by at least
27 and another by 14.

In their locker room afterward, talk had already turned toward Auburn, and
toward the SEC, the recent undisputed king of college football conferences.
Jimbo Fisher, the Florida State coach with SEC roots, expanded on his time as
the quarterbacks coach at Auburn and the 1993 season, when the Tigers finished
undefeated.

Jameis Winston, the Florida State quarterback, spoke of his own Alabama roots.
(He is from Hueytown and yet did not end up at Alabama or Auburn or any other
in-state option.) ''We're not going to get involved in all this SEC-A.C.C.
stuff, because we've done made it to where we are and we're not done yet,''
Winston said, in comments echoed by his teammates.

The other B.C.S. selections were Stanford (fifth in the final standings) against
Michigan State (fourth) in the Rose Bowl; Central Florida (15th) against Baylor
(sixth) in the Fiesta; Oklahoma (11th) versus Alabama (third) in the Sugar; and
Clemson (12th) vs. Ohio State (seventh) in the Orange.

Of the excluded teams, Oregon (10th) easily had the biggest gripe.

So wave goodbye to the B.C.S. Applaud the system for getting it right in spite
of itself in so many years, this one included. Spit on the grave being dug, if
you're so inclined.

Mostly, remember last week what most wanted: Florida State and Auburn in
Pasadena.

If not the two best teams, then the two most intriguing; if not an appropriate
ending, then a better one.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              621 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                          September 19, 2009 Saturday
                                 First Edition

MARY TRAVERS;
Singer whose work with Peter, Paul and Mary added a political edge to the pop
music of the early 1960s

BYLINE: Spencer Leigh

SECTION: OBITUARIES; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 1487 words


Mary Travers was the willowy, blonde singer of the Sixties folk group, Peter,
Paul and Mary. Their popularity was in keeping with John F. Kennedy's presidency
and their songs, covering both political and social concerns, brought integrity
to the popular music of the day. Similarly, "Don't Think Twice, It's All Right"
and "For Lovin' Me" showed candour and honesty in discussing personal
relationships. Their smooth middle-of-the-road approach has not aged well but
this is not to belittle their achievement of introducing the songs of Bob Dylan,
Gordon Lightfoot and Laura Nyro to mainstream audiences.

Travers was born in Louisville, Kentucky in November 1936. Her parents were
journalists, but in 1939 the family moved to New York City as her father wanted
to enlist in the Merchant Marines. He sensed that a war was coming and became a
ship's captain.

At school, Travers was in a choir directed by Bob DeCormier. Travers became part
of his studio group, the Song Swappers, who accompanied folk singers as needed.
They are featured on Pete Seeger's album, Talking Union And Other Union Songs
(1955), and appeared twice at Carnegie Hall. Although her main interest was in
horses, she enjoyed folk music and would attend hootenannies at Washington Park
Square.

Travers worked in an advertising agency but when an early marriage did not work
out, she returned to her family home in Greenwich Village. In 1958 she had a
small role in a short-lived Broadway musical, The Next President, starring Mort
Sahl.

The agitprop folk group the Weavers had found international success in the early
Fifties, and a latter-day equivalent was the bland but talented Kingston Trio.
Albert Grossman, a co-founder of the Newport Folk Festival, wanted an act with
more bite and at first he considered the gruff-voiced folk singer, Dave Van
Ronk. "Albert wasn't interested in established or recognised artists," Travers
reflected. "His approach was to find a nobody he could nurture and then they'd
be forever indebted to him, or so he thought."

The light-voiced Peter Yarrow was an academic with a degree in psychology. He
studied folk music with the same discipline and he appeared at the Newport Folk
Festival in 1960. He occasionally sang with Travers, and Grossman suggested a
combination of Van Ronk, Yarrow and Travers. Musically it was unlikely to work,
but more to the point, Van Ronk's wife did not relish her husband working with
another tall, good-looking woman, and the plans were revised.

Noel Stookey had played rock'n'roll and jazz, and with his witty stage presence
became compere at the Gaslight Club in Greenwich Village. Travers lived across
the street and occasionally joined him on stage. When Yarrow, Stookey and
Travers got together in spring 1961 they worked out harmonies for "Mary Had A
Little Lamb". Grossman realised their potential and renamed them Peter, Paul and
Mary. They joined the Everly Brothers and comedian Bob Newhart on the new Warner
Brothers label. With producer Milt Okun they developed distinctive harmonies
with the stereo effect of Paul on the left, Peter on the right and Mary in the
centre.

Peter, Paul and Mary had chart success in the US with the plaintive ballad,
"Lemon Tree", and then the stirring plea for world peace and racial freedom, "If
I Had A Hammer" from the Weavers' repertoire. A children's song written by
Yarrow, "Puff The Magic Dragon", reached No 2. Their first album, Peter, Paul
And Mary, issued in 1962, topped the US album charts, selling two million
copies. It was followed by the equally successful Moving the next year.

Peter, Paul and Mary were soon playing Carnegie Hall and headlining at the major
festivals. Travers was seen as one of folk music's long-haired beauties like
Joan Baez and Carolyn Hester. At the Newport Folk Festival, it fell to her to
introduce Bob Dylan whom she described as "one of us".

Peter, Paul and Mary's third album, In The Wind (1964), had a liner note by
Dylan (which ignored everything about Mary except her hair), and contained his
song of disillusionment "Blowin' In The Wind". Their clear enunciation and
harmonies made the so-called protest song radio-friendly and it was heard in
quarters which would not tolerate Dylan's own edgy vocals. The nine-question
song became an international hit and an anthem for the civil rights movement.
Peter, Paul and Mary recorded several other Dylan compositions including "Don't
Think Twice, It's All Right" and "The Times They Are A-Changin'".

Dylan was also managed by Grossman but Peter, Paul and Mary were not just
playing lip service to the new talent. They admired his songs and applauded his
sentiments. In 1963 they took part in the 500,000-strong march on Washington
organised by Dr. Martin Luther King, and two years later, in dangerous
circumstances, they campaigned for racial equality in Selma, Alabama.

They performed 200 concerts a year, often for charitable or political causes. In
Concert (1964) shows the beauty of their unadorned sound - just their voices,
Peter and Paul's guitars and a double bass played by Dick Kniss. Both Yarrow and
Stookey spoke well on stage, but Travers only made passing comments. Their many
traditional songs included "Stewball", "Go Tell It On The Mountain" and Travers'
tour de force, "Single Girl"; the arrangements are more subtle than some would
credit.

By 1965 Dylan had moved from folk to rock and was writing cryptic but personal
songs, causing Travers to remark to Music Echo, "We started singing songs of
Bobby's because they meant something. We don't sing them anymore because he no
longer writes anything that means anything to us." In his place, the trio
promoted the work of the Canadian Gordon Lightfoot, introducing the world to
"For Lovin' Me" and "Early Morning Rain".

They also recorded many children's songs including the album, Peter, Paul And
Mommy (1969). However, they were caught unwittingly in a backlash against the
counterculture and songs that mentioned drug use - the records most often cited
were "Eight Miles High", "Mr. Tambourine Man" - and "Puff The Magic Dragon".

By 1967 the trio was heading down the same road as Dylan and recorded "I Dig
Rock And Roll Music", which sounded more like the Mamas and the Papas. Their
Album 1700 was a successful transition to electric music. However, Travers and
Yarrow regarded Late Again (1968) as a step too far as Stookey was revelling in
a Beatles-influenced sound and was writing intensely personal songs such as
"Hymn". He had become a born-again Christian and ould talk about his conversion
during concert appearances, much to the chagrin of the others. As the group was
disbanding in 1970, a track from Album 1700, John Denver's "Leavin' On A Jet
Plane" became their biggest success. Their final recording was "Because All Men
Are Brothers" which beautifully combined Travers' voice with Dave Brubeck's
piano.

Travers had a solo career, hosting TV shows and making the albums Mary, with
John Denver's assistance (1971), Morning Glory (1972), All My Choices (1973),
Circles (1974) and It's In Everyone Of Us (1975). One of Bob Dylan's few media
interviews was discussing his Blood On The Tracks album with Travers in 1975.
She sang with symphony orchestras and lectured on "Society And Its Effect On
Music" on university campuses, but she lacked the ambition to become a major
solo star. She married the photographer and motorcycle enthusiast, Barry
Feinstein, who directed the hippie film, You Are What You Eat (1968).

In 1978 Yarrow reformed the trio for an anti-nuclear rally at the Hollywood
Bowl. The album, Reunion, showed that their harmonies were still intact and they
continued to work together. Among the love songs was more radical material such
as "El Salvador" (1986): "We're killing people just to set them free / Who put
this price on liberty?"

At Live Aid in 1985, the intention was to feature Bob Dylan singing "Blowin' In
The Wind" with Peter, Paul and Mary, but Dylan backed out and performed with
Keith Richards and Ronnie Wood. They were unhappy at being slighted but they
joined Dylan and Stevie Wonder for a civil rights concert the following year.

In 1988 a photograph of the group's arrest on an anti-apartheid demonstration
was shown on their album cover, No Easy Walk To Freedom. "You have to walk a
thin line between art and propaganda," Travers said. "A piece of art doesn't
lead the revolution. It articulates the issue and starts the dialogue."

In 1995, they released (Lifelines) with guest artists Emmylou Harris, Dave Van
Ronk and Carly Simon. Their most recent album, In These Times (2004) found them
still concerned with contemporary problems including school bullying ("Don't
Laugh At Me"). Said Travers, "Once you accept that struggle is a part of life,
then you can find happiness in and around the struggle."

Mary Allin Travers, singer: born Louisville, Kentucky 9 November 1936; married
twice (divorced twice, two daughters); died 16 September 2009.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IA


                      Copyright 2009 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              622 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           November 1, 2006 Wednesday
                                  All Editions

Immigration a rallying cry ahead of elections

BYLINE: Tara Malone, Daily Herald Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 552 words


You've seen the ads.

Images of Mexicans sneaking over a border wall. Claims that illegal immigrants
undermine the nation's safety, not unlike terrorist Osama bin Laden. And
assertions that once here, they would burn the U.S. flag.

The pictures anger many immigrant groups, who say such simplistic perceptions
belittle the issue and turn immigrants into political pawns. And they warn
candidates - whatever their party - that immigrant voters, if roused, can be a
powerful force at the polls.

"We can't allow them to be using us as a scapegoat," said Jorge Mujica of the
Diez de Marzo Committee.

Becky Belcore, with the Korean American Resource and Cultural Center, agreed.

"To have immigrants depicted as criminals and terrorists is offensive no matter
what community you come from," she said.

Nearly two dozen Latino politicians Tuesday called on Hispanic citizens - a
demographic with one of the lowest electoral turnouts among immigrant groups -
to vote.

Today, Spanish-language radio hosts will begin plugging Election Day. They're
credited with rallying tens of thousands of immigrants to march through
Chicago's Loop earlier this year.

At issue are nearly 12 million immigrants living illegally in this country. An
estimated half-million more arrive every year, filtering through an immigration
system whose reform remains stalled in Congress.

While they cannot vote, many legal immigrants can.

An estimated 1.5 million immigrants live in Illinois. Of those, a reported
500,000 are eligible to become citizens, according to a study by the Illinois
Coalition of Immigrant and Refugee Rights.

In 2005, 28,104 immigrants became citizens through the U.S. Citizenship and
Immigration Services' Chicago office.

"If politicians see us as a greater voting bloc, we'll have more influence,"
said Shyrley Barrios, who shoehorns door-to-door canvassing and get-out-the-vote
phone calls between her classes at Elgin Community College. "They'll take us
more seriously."

Immigration is not a newcomer to the political fray. Yet it's emerged as a wedge
issue in races for everything from Congress to the Cook County Board.

"The simple solutions - open borders, sealed borders, no amnesty, amnesty -
those make nice 30-second sound bites, but they don't get you very far in terms
of really resolving this issue," said Kent Redfield, a political science
professor with the University of Illinois at Springfield. "This is not a single-
dimensional kind of issue."

Nor does it have a single-dimensional kind of effect.

Nancy Thorner of Lake Bluff said illegal immigration is her No. 1 voting issue
this fall.

"To me, it's an issue of national security," said Thorner, who describes herself
as a conservative Republican. "Any nation that doesn't have the rule of law,
there's bound to be anarchy."

For Mary Vasquez, immigration strikes a personal chord. Her father settled here
from Mexico before she was born.

The Mount Prospect woman was distraught when she received a "Welcome to America"
kit advertising Social Security for undocumented immigrants. Vasquez takes a
hard stand on illegal immigration -"close the borders completely, for everybody"
- but she resented ads couching illegal immigration as an exclusively Mexican
issue.

"It's the stereotyping that really gets me going," Vasquez said. "This election
has gone the wrong way, I'm sorry."

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              623 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     May 23, 2001, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

'C student' can make honor roll with right stance

BYLINE: Walter Shapiro

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A; Hype & Glory

LENGTH: 970 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- More than three decades ago, as the Senate debated
the dubious intellectual qualifications of G. Harrold Carswell
for a seat on the Supreme Court, Sen. Roman Hruska offered what
he believed to be a ringing endorsement of the embattled nominee.
"Even if he were mediocre," the Nebraska Republican declared,
"there are a lot of mediocre judges and people and lawyers. They
are entitled to a little representation, aren't they, and a little
chance?" (The nomination failed.)

Monday, in a nostalgic return to the alma mater that he sometimes
pretends he never attended, George W. Bush told the graduating
seniors at Yale: "To those of you who received honors, awards
and distinctions, I say, well done. And to the C students -- I
say, you, too, can be president of the United States."


Bush, of course, was joking. But in his humorous echo of Hruska's
call for affirmative action on behalf of the mediocre, Bush confronted
all the smug put-downs of his qualifications to be president.
During a week when Congress is poised to award Bush an unequivocal
victory on taxes, it is worth pondering why it is so fashionable
to belittle the man in the Oval Office.

Conservatives may believe otherwise, but the disparagement of
Bush's intellect is not the product of some vast left-wing conspiracy
hatched by the Al Gore Fan Club, the cast of Saturday Night
Live and the so-called liberal media. Rather, this too-dumb-to-govern
stereotype of Bush is the mirror image of the conservative portrayals
of a totally unscrupulous Bill Clinton whose every action was
predicated on political calculation.

Clinton was no ethical paragon. But then, Bush is not likely to
be confused with a philosopher king. The danger of these one-dimensional
and highly partisan portraits is that they blind us to the complexities
of any man entrusted with the presidency. At a time when we are
still grappling to understand the inner gyroscope that directs
the Bush administration, it is a mistake to place too much stock
in simplistic caricatures of the new president.

Take Bush's thoughtful and provocative commencement address Sunday
at the University of Notre Dame in which the president quoted
Mother Teresa, Knute Rockne, Catholic social activist Dorothy
Day and Lyndon Johnson.

It is not standard fare for a Republican president to declare:
"Welfare as we know it has ended, but poverty has not. When over12
million children live below the poverty line, we are not a post-poverty
America." This speech represented far more than Bush reprising
the soothing cliches of compassionate conservatism. At
the heart of the president's words was an acknowledgement of a
looming social crisis: Millions of Americans may soon be thrown
off the welfare rolls because of a five-year time limit for the
benefits written into the 1996 reform act. "We do not yet know
what will happen to these men and women, or to their children,"
Bush said. "But we cannot sit and watch, leaving them to their
own struggles and their own fate."

The president's remedies do not begin to measure up to the urgency
of his rhetoric. Bush's tight-fisted budget, which limits domestic
spending to pay for his cherished tax cuts, simply does not provide
the resources to pay for what he called "the third stage of combating
poverty in America." However, something new and different is
stirring in the White House when a conservative president says
about LBJ's Great Society, "The methods of the past may have
been flawed, but the idealism of the past was not an illusion."

As the stage is set for a Senate-House conference committee to
put the final touches on the tax-cut plan, Bush has a rare opportunity
to extend some of that idealism to the working poor. The Senate
version of the tax plan contains a landmark provision that would
allow families that do not earn enough money to pay income taxes
to benefit from the expansion of per-child tax credit from $ 500
to $ 1,000.

By making a portion of the tax credit refundable, the Senate bill
would help these hard-pressed families at the poverty line sharein
the bounty of the tax-cut frenzy.

An analysis by the liberal Center on Budget and Policy Priorities
found that 7.6 million families with 16.5 million children would
fare significantly better under the Senate legislation than under
the House bill, which closely followed the contours of the Bush
plan. The money involved is more than empty symbolism: These families
would receive an average of $ 868 more in yearly tax relief under
the Senate proposal.

And, yet, for all Bush's uplifting language at Notre Dame about
poverty, there is a real risk that this liberalized per-child
tax credit could end up on the cutting-room floor when the conference
committee writes the final bill.

Maine GOP Sen. Olympia Snowe, a leader of the bipartisan band
of moderates who created this new child credit, asks, "What better
way is there to assist working families and to bring millions
of children out of poverty?" Knowing that Bush will need the
votes of moderates to pass the final version of the tax plan in
the evenly divided Senate, Snowe declares that it is "unlikely"
that she would support the bill if the refundable per-child credit
were watered down or dropped by the conference committee. As Snowe
puts it, "This provision gives credence to the idea that the
bill helps millions of Americans across the income scale."

By unequivocally supporting the Senate version of the tax bill,
Bush can demonstrate to the doubters that a tax-cutting conservative
president can indeed open up a new front in the unfinished war
on poverty.

***

Walter Shapiro's column appears Wednesdays and Fridays. E-mail
him at wshapiro@usatoday.com



LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              624 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                          September 19, 1970, Saturday

SECTION: Page 14, Column 3

LENGTH: 85 words

NYS Conservative party Sen candidate Buckley urges NYC Bar Assn to begin
disbarment proceedings against Kunstler; holds his 'contemptuous attitude toward
ct' encouraged his clients in Chicago 7 trial in 'similar acts of insults and
contempt'; also accuses him of trying incite students to revolt; says disbarment
proceedings would serve as 'warning' to attys in trial of 13 Black Panthers in
NYC; Kunstler belittles move as campaign gimmick; announces formation of Lawyers
for Buckley headed by C D Williams

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

              Copyright 1970 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              625 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               The Saudi Gazette

                             August 1, 2016 Monday

Trump belittles Muslim family of slain soldier, faces backlash

LENGTH: 740  words


YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio - Donald Trump sparked bipartisan backlash after the Republican
attacked the bereaved parents of a Muslim US Army captain who spoke at the
Democratic convention last week.

Critics from both parties on Saturday questioned whether Trump had the empathy
and understanding to be president, particularly after he questioned why mourning
mother Ghazala Khan stayed silent during her husband's Thursday night address.

"He was kind of trying to turn that into some kind of ridicule," Democratic vice
presidential nominee Tim Kaine said after a campaign event in Pittsburgh. "It
just demonstrates again kind of a temperamental unfitness.

If you don't have any more sense of empathy than that, then I'm not sure you can
learn it."

Former President Bill Clinton, who joined his wife and Kaine at the event,
agreed: "I cannot conceive how you can say that about a Gold Star mother."

Lawyer Khizr Khan gave a moving tribute to their son, Humayun, who received a
Bronze Star and a Purple Heart after he was killed by a suicide bomber in Iraq
in 2004. During the speech, Khan's wife, Ghazala, stood quietly by his side,
wearing a headscarf.

"If you look at his wife, she was standing there. She had nothing to say. She
probably, maybe she wasn't allowed to have anything to say. You tell me," Trump
said, in an interview with ABC's "This Week."

Ghazala Khan has said she didn't speak because she's still overwhelmed by her
grief and can't even look at photos of her son without crying.

Trump also disputed Khan's criticism that the billionaire businessman has
"sacrificed nothing and no one" for his country.

"I've made a lot of sacrifices. I work very, very hard. I've created thousands
and thousands of jobs, tens of thousands of jobs, built great structures," Trump
said.

Trump's comments sparked immediate outrage on social media, including from
Republican strategists, who criticized Trump both for attacking a mourning
mother and because many considered them racist and anti-Muslim.

Senior Republican leaders, including House Speaker Paul D. Ryan, Senate Majority
Leader Mitch McConnell, remained silent, as did vice presidential nominee Mike
Pence.

Hillary Clinton told voters gathered in a Youngstown gymnasium late Saturday:
"Donald Trump is not a normal presidential candidate. Somebody who attacks
everybody has something missing."

"He attacked the distinguished father of a soldier who sacrificed himself for
his unit, Captain Khan," she said. "I think it is fair to say he is
temperamentally unfit and unqualified."

Late Saturday night, Trump released a statement calling Humayun Khan "a hero"
but disputing his father's characterization.

"While I feel deeply for the loss of his son, Mr. Khan who has never met me, has
no right to stand in front of millions of people and claim I have never read the
Constitution, (which is false) and say many other inaccurate things," said
Trump.

Trump's comments about Khan came a day after he criticized retired four-star
Gen. John Allen and slammed a Colorado Springs, Colorado, fire marshal for
capping attendance at the event. The fire marshal, Brett Lacey, was recently
honored by the city as "Civilian of the Year" for his role in helping the
wounded at a 2015 mass shooting at a local Planned Parenthood.

"Our commander in chief shouldn't insult and deride our generals, retired or
otherwise," Clinton told a crowd gathered Saturday on a factory floor in
Johnstown, Pennsylvania.

Clinton has used the days following her convention to try and win back some of
the white working class voters that once made up a key piece of the Democratic
Party's electoral coalition. Trump's anti-trade message has appealed to those
voters, who feel frustrated with an economic recovery that's largely left them
behind.

While Clinton and her running mate, Tim Kaine, attempted to sell their positive
economic message, much of their strategy centers on undermining Trump,
particularly the business record that makes up the core of his argument to
voters.

Trump has made plans to visit some of the same areas Clinton is campaigning in
during her three-day bus tour through Ohio and Pennsylvania, scheduling Monday
stops in Columbus and Cleveland.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/511/1526/5/147004090708.jpg

Khizr Khan, father of deceased Muslim US Soldier Humayun S. M. Khan, delivers
remarks on the fourth day of the Democratic National Convention at the Wells
Fargo Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, in this file photo. - AFP

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1526


                       Copyright 2016 The Saudi Gazette.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              626 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 16, 2013 Sunday

Reading Eagle, Pa., George Hatza column

BYLINE: George Hatza, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 388 words


June 16--Earlier this month, the Writers Guild of America updated its list of
the top 100 best-written TV series of all time.

We all have our favorites, but I found many of the placements surprising and
some of the omissions shocking.

That's not to belittle the guild's daunting task: In the end, 101 shows were
selected (due to several ties), and for the most part, the writers were up to
the challenge.

I was somewhat surprised that "Mad Men," which would be in my top one or two
series, found itself in seventh place, and "M*A*S*H" landed in fifth. The latter
was a terrific sitcom, but it would have placed closer to No. 14 or No. 15 on my
list.

"All in the Family" was fourth, which I'd say is exactly right. And older shows
weren't overlooked: Rod Serling's "The Twilight Zone" captured the third spot
(on target) and "I Love Lucy" came in at No. 12.

The highest-rated comedy was "Seinfeld" at No. 2. Frankly, who could argue with
that?

I was surprised but happy to see how well-regarded "Friday Night Lights" is at
No. 22. The groundbreaking cop series "Hill Street Blues" won the 15th spot, and
one of my favorite shows, the quirky "Northern Exposure," found itself pretty
much in the middle at No. 53.

I was confused and rather astonished that series such as "Treme," "Big Love,"
"The Big C" and "The Killing" did not make the list. More shocking was the
absence of Lena Dunham's "Girls," the brilliantly written HBO comedy now filming
its third season. If there's a wiser series about 20-something urban women
navigating today's economic landscape on their own, I've not seen it.

The political series ranked the highest was "The West Wing" in the 10th spot.
Science fiction was not ignored: "The X-Files" was No. 26, "Battlestar
Gallactica" was No. 38 and the original "Star Trek" was No. 33.

Even offbeat series such as David Lynch's "Twin Peaks" made the list, grabbing
the 35th spot.

Of course, I've been avoiding the question on everyone's minds. What was the
best-written TV series of all time? With pasta, obstinate ducks, murder and
psychiatrists, nothing can beat "The Sopranos." Fuhgeddabahdit!

Contact Entertainment Editor George Hatza: 610-371-5075 or
ghatza@readingeagle.com

___ (c)2013 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130616-RE-Reading-Eagle-Pa-George-Hatza-column-0616-20130616

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2013 Reading Eagle


                              627 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                              June 9, 2008 Monday

Nuclear fearwas very real

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 304 words


Does he always belittle victim's fears?

The only shocks I referred to were the those of finding out that the nuclear
industry lied and that nuclear power is very expensive. I mentioned that when a
nuclear accident happens, all concerned admit that we are in dangerous, unknown
territory. We, the victims were also on our own. Afterwards they blamed 'the
operators', as they did in Chernobyl. I lived through this and so did thousands
of others around Harrisburg in Pennsylvania. Despite Mr Sowby's cavalier
dismissal, our fear was very real.

There is nothing creepier than the fact we have now amassed as much nuclear
weaponry as could destroy the Earth countless times over. Is not "a little more
than enough, too much" here? What exactly is enough nuclear power, anyway? Good
luck to Mr Sowby if he does not feel horrified by the megadeath nuclear
proliferation.

Finally, let me put to bed this "no release of radiation and no damage" cant.
The truth is, in the case of Harrisburg, we don't know, and Chernobyl is
self-evidently horribly tragic. The only reason there was no release of
radiation at TMI (noxious gasses were vented) was the union of concerned
scientists of America had forced the nuclear company (Met Edison), through the
courts, to build a containment building. During the accident this building
filled up with an unpredicted hydrogen bubble. They told us later that if the
building burst, we could have lost Pennsylvania - ie, millions of people.

Chernobyl had no containment whatsoever. Trial and error is all very well for
some experiments, but gambling with thousands of lives in the interests of so
called science is a bridge too far in the area of trust. Mr Sowby says I am
ignorant because of my experiences. What 'facts' did Mr Sowby present?

Dónal de Roiste

26 Cabhsa Inismhór

Baile an Chollaigh

Co Chorcaí

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              628 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                           December 30, 2004 Thursday
                                  City Edition

Letters to the editor

SECTION: B; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 589 words

DATELINE: Lincoln, NE


WHAT IS FOX THINKING?

I want to thank the Lincoln Journal Star for printing the editorial Dec. 24
about FOX networks' newest reality show "Who's Your Daddy?"

As the mother of an adopted child, I am truly appalled that a network would
consider airing a show such as this.  Adoption is a true miracle and blessing,
not just for the child or children, but even more so for the families.  In
Cambodia, when we went to adopt our son, many people there told us that he was
"a lucky boy." No, we are the lucky ones!

This show belittles the wonderful thing that adoption can be.  Adoption is the
greatest act of kindness and love from the birth mother.  Realizing that she
cannot offer the life that a child needs, the mother graciously gives a family
the honor of calling that child their own.  I feel like I am truly blessed as a
mother.  I had the honor of having a daughter grow under my heart inside of me
and a son who grew in my heart.

I ask that FOX pull this show from its lineup before it is aired.  If not, I ask
the public to send FOX a message by not watching this show.

Karen McCain, Lincoln

MOMENTARILY JARRED

Re: LJS headline, Dec. 25, "Rumsfeld bucks up soldiers."

Man, I had to clean my glasses and read that baby again.

Tom Hoffman, Exeter

HOW TO DISCOURAGE WAR

"Women should stay out of combat" is the heading of the Cal Thomas column in the
Dec. 21 Journal Star. Thomas goes on to cite the dangers of allowing women to be
in combat units  it would possibly put all soldiers at greater risk, and
increase sexual harassment, rape and pregnancies of military women.

Thomas sees putting women in combat units as a liberal attempt to ram through
social policy changes. His bias against women is quite clear as he goes on to
state that overturning restrictions on women in combat will weaken our military
and weaken its effectiveness in fighting and winning wars.

One argument used against women being assigned to combat units is "the social
revulsion most feel about seeing women wounded or killed in combat."

Thomas has unintentionally come up with a solution for keeping America out of
unnecessary wars! Send all military women into combat; the social revulsion
about seeing women wounded or killed in combat might create enough uproar in our
country that politicians would have to use diplomacy instead of war to settle
differences between countries. The threat of losing an election and their office
if they ignored diplomacy would give them much to ponder.

Jack Smith, Lincoln

WELCOME TO FREEDOM

The letter "Prepared to endure," by Mohammed H. Siddiq, who wrote about the Bush
administration, said,  "The welter of arrogance, deceit, lies and contorted
logic that Bush displays cannot but send a chill down my spine as I prepare
myself to endure four more years." Also, "Who knows what other ideas or motives
will drive him and his neo-radicals to mislead us and the world and take us to
other imperialistic military ventures?"

First of all, I would like to say welcome and congratulations on your
citizenship to the greatest country in the world, where you can express your
opinion without being jailed, as was the case in Iraq while under Saddam
Hussein's rule. If you have disagreements with U.S. foreign policy, I would like
to be humored with specifics, because all you have given me so far is insults
and accusations to the democratically elected president of this country and the
people who support him. I disagree with everything you have said, but I would
still fight and die to preserve your right to say it.

Tracy J. Bryant, Lincoln

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              629 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                         May 8, 2000 Monday 2D EDITION

Karl belittles Enron Field

BYLINE: By John Henderson, Denver Post Sports Writer,

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C-07

LENGTH: 502 words


SAN FRANCISCO - Scott Karl has an opinion of Houston's Enron  Field, and he
hasn't even pitched there yet.

'That field is a joke,' said Karl after rain postponed his  start Sunday
afternoon against the San Francisco Giants. 'What  I've seen on TV is not
baseball. It's a home run-hitting contest  for nine innings.'

No one wanted to see the rain less than Karl. He missed  pitching in the dank
conditions at a Pacific Bell Park that has  become a pretty fair place to pitch
and, instead, goes to the  Houston Astros' new home, which has become the
second-biggest,  home-run haven in baseball.

'Lucky me, huh?' Karl said.

There's a chance he won't have to pitch there. Colorado  Rockies manager Buddy
Bell said he'll start ace Pedro Martinez in  tonight's 6:05 MDT series opener
and then make a decision. One  option is starting Karl on Tuesday night; another
is skipping a  pitcher in the rotation. With no left-handers in their regular
lineup, skipping the lefty Karl is a possibility.

While Karl wants to start, pitching at Enron Field is not  getting him excited.

'I've seen left-handers homer going to the opposite field at  will,' Karl said.
'That's a joke. Somehow it passed by Major  League Baseball.'

Reliever Gabe White, however, says pitching at Coors Field  might give the
Rockies an edge.

'We have to work a little harder at home,' White said. 'You  have to be a little
more aggressive on your breaking stuff at  home. That gives us a little more
advantage on the road. Also, on  the road, the ball feels heavy. Your breaking
ball is a little  more crisp.'

Enron's dimensions (see Baseball Monday) make Coors Field's  look like rural
Montana. It's 315 feet down the left-field line,  325 to right and about 340 to
left-center. The 3.8 homers per game  there are the second-most in baseball to
Toronto's SkyDome (4.1).

No. 3, however, is Coors Field (3.8). In other words, hitters  won't go up with
one eye on the ball and one eye on the fences.

'If I do that, it'll screw everything up,' right fielder Larry  Walker said. 'I
think everybody has to take the same approach.  Just hit the ball hard and not
worry about the ballpark.'

Bell isn't worried, either. He's just glad the Astros moved  out of the
Astrodome.

'I was never a big fan of the Astrodome,' Bell said. 'It  seemed dark. I didn't
like the background.'

Walker said the rock-hard AstroTurf wasn't the only problem.

'It was stuffy,' he said.

Rock slides

This was only the Giants' 29th home rainout since moving from  New York in 1958,
but second this year A hit tonight would give  third baseman Jeff Cirillo a
14-game hit streak, tying a personal  high While the Rockies' 6.12 ERA is
highest in the National  League, general manager Dan O'Dowd's quest to acquire
more  accurate pitchers has worked. One year after setting a league  record with
737 walks, the Rockies' 108 walks are more than only  three teams in the NL.

LOAD-DATE: May 09, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2000 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              630 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       June 3, 1998 Wednesday 2D EDITION

Don't belittle career moms

BYLINE: By Kathleen Parker

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-11

LENGTH: 702 words


Barnard College graduates and other power women across the nation having been
emptying the Valium racks in the wake of a blasphemous commencement address by
alumna Joyce Purnick, metro editor of The New York Times.

Purnick stunned her audience and career mavens everywhere, causing mass anxiety,
when she said she might not have such a big-deal job had she chosen to be a
mother: "I am absolutely convinced I would not be the metro editor of the Times
if I had had a family. With rare exceptions, women who have children get off
track and lose ground."

Right off I'd have to say Sherlock Holmes' job isn't in jeopardy when such are
the insights that make headlines. You'd think Columbus had just told Queen
Isabella that the earth is round.

Can't be so! We've always said the earth is flat, and so it must be. We've
always said women can have everything, and thus it must be so. Who is Purnick to
say women can't have children and aspire to the highest real estate in
journalism or any other profession?

The fact is, Purnick's probably right, though not for the reasons widely
inferred. The assumption is that Purnick meant some external force in the male
workplace culture would have prevented her from becoming metro editor. But
there's another interpretation few are willing to say aloud and that Barnard
women need to hear:

Had Purnick been a mother instead of a "dogged and driven" career gal, as she
described herself, she might have discovered something about herself that
millions of other mothers have. Just as much as she wanted to be the best editor
to warm a seat at the Times, she probably would have wanted to be the best
mother ever to push an Aprica stroller. Which means, of course, she wouldn't
have been willing to sacrifice her children for a bigger title or a fatter
check.

Make no mistake, Barnard grads. Mothers who abandon their children to a stranger
- the child-care center, the nanny, the Internet - while they grab the next rung
on the career ladder are sacrificing their children, and most know it. For those
who make the choice to "get off track and lose ground," the trade off isn't
corporate; it's spiritual. Getting off track isn't punishment for being a
mother; it's a temporary detour for something that's infinitely more important
than the next breaking story.

Publicly, Purnick has rued her statement, but she needn't apologize. Her
forgivable intention likely was to appeal to her audience, to make a politically
powerful statement to the rising generation of aspiring power women. But like
the white reporter who writes about the black experience, a woman without
children knows only so much about mothers. What Purnick can't know from personal
experience is that some women gladly trade the metro desk or the fabulous law
practice for the higher calling of mothering.

A 42-year-old CPA said it best in an e-mail message describing why she left her
job to stay home: "No one prepared me for the intense maternal feelings and
wrenching decisions ahead of me. I had been taught that home-making and
child-rearing was something lowly - that no intelligent, self-respecting woman
would aspire to. I was caught completely and totally off guard."  Or this March
missive from another corporate gal: "I was a career power-monger     great
money, travel, airports, hotels, rental cars, meetings, downsizing, upsizing,
reengineering, restructuring, day care and car phones. Eighteen months ago I
quit. The corporate world, the business suits, the urgent, urgent, urgent
meetings. Now I drive my kids (10, 9, 7) to school, work 20 hours a week out of
the house and am home for cookies, homework and scratched knees."

Not every woman wants to be a soccer mom or a school volunteer - or a metro
editor. Regardless, one shouldn't infer from Purnick's remark that women don't
get to the top of the professional heap simply because they're mothers. Many
become mothers and spurn the heap, willingly.

Purnick was right when she said she might not have become metro editor of The
New York Times if she'd had children. What she couldn't know is that she might
not have wanted to. Kathleen Parker, an Orlando Sentinel columnist, can be
reached at kparker@kparker.com

LOAD-DATE: June 03, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 1998 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              631 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                           Ledger (Lakeland, Florida)

                            March 15, 1997, Saturday

MORRIS BELITTLES PRESIDENT IN FLA. TOUR

BYLINE: ALAN JUDD Ledger Tallahassee Bureau

SECTION: Metro; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 534 words


TALLAHASSEE -- Before his fall from political grace, Dick Morris had wealth,
fame and the president's ear.

After his fall, Morris has even more wealth, fame and, possibly, the president's
ear.

Asked after giving a speech to a civic group Friday whether he still consults
with President Clinton, Morris answered coyly, "I promised him not to answer
that question until the year 2000."

Morris, the political consultant credited with steering Clinton to the right
during the 1996 presidential campaign before resigning after revelations that he

had an affair with a high-price prostitute, has long had a love-hate
relationship with the president.

Their still-ambiguous liaison was a running theme of Morris' speech, part of a
national tour to promote his memoir of the 1996 campaign, "Behind the Oval
Office."

Morris, who hopes to soon launch a nationally syndicated talk-radio program,
donated his $ 5,000 fee from the Tallahassee Tiger Bay Club to charity.

Before his remarks, Morris told reporters he would "make some news" by being "a
little bit critical of my former client."

Indeed, he continually belittled Clinton.

"You see what happens when I stop telling him how to walk," Morris said,
referring to the tumble that Clinton took earlier Friday at the Palm Beach
County home of professional golfer Greg Norman.

Clinton later underwent surgery to repair a damaged tendon.

"See what happens when he tries to climb some stairs on his own," Morris said.
"I wasn't just responsible for the victory, I kept him in one piece."

He continued: "You have not lived until you have gone up the White House
elevator with a sweating, gasping, breathing, overheated, smelly Bill Clinton --
and that's even before he runs."

Morris, who peppered his remarks with stories about political strategy sessions
and conversations with Clinton inside the White House, told of dining with the
president and first lady Hillary Rodham Clinton.

When a White House butler offered dessert, Morris said, the president asked for
a sampling of everything in the refrigerator.

The butler "brought seven plates, each with a dessert, and the president arrayed
them in a semicircle around him," Morris said.

"With a fork, he began to nosh each one. Hillary said, 'Bill, give me a break.'
He said, 'I'm just tasting them, I'm just sampling them.' By the end of the
dinner, there were seven almost-empty plates around him -- and one very, very
disgusted first lady."

Morris criticized Clinton on just one issue of substance -- his negotiations
with Congress on balancing the federal budget. He said Clinton should have
embraced a recent proposal by Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott -- another
former Morris client -- to appoint a bipartisan committee to study the wisdom of
tying Social Security increases to the consumer price index.

"His approach toward balancing the budget is bordering on timidity and a lack of
leadership," Morris said of Clinton.

Later, he added that the president "apparently doesn't get that the single thing
he can do" to lay a burgeoning campaign-finance scandal to rest is "to balance
the damn budget."

"I just hope," Morris added, "that he's listening."

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 1997 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                              632 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    November 14, 1989, Tuesday, City Edition

Officials belittle derisive Esquire column

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; TIMES DIGEST; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 183 words

DATELINE: PENSACOLA



PENSACOLA - City and tourism officials say they believe people will    ignore an
Esquire magazine column that paints this Panhandle city as    being awash in
religious zealotry and anti-abortion violence.    "Terrorism works," writes Pete
Hamill in the magazine's November    issue.  Hamill, who went through Navy
flight school here in the 1950s,    cites the bombings in 1984 of an abortion
clinic - twice - and two    doctors' offices where abortions were performed, the
invasion and    vandalism of the clinic by anti-abortion demonstrators two years
later    and the arrest of a Kentucky man last year for planning to bomb the
clinic again. As further evidence, Hamill points out that a Pensacola    service
station has a sign offering 10 percent discounts (it's now 11    percent) "to
Those Whom Jesus Loves." "I think most people will read    and ignore it," said
Sheilah Bowman, director of the Pensacola    Visitors and Convention Center.
"The majority of people who come to    Pensacola find it a wonderful place to
live and visit."



LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              633 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 29, 1988, Thursday, Final Edition

Bentsen Belittles Quayle Qualifications;
If GOP Wins, 'I'd Pray for the Good Health of George Bush'

BYLINE: R.H. Melton, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A18

LENGTH: 585 words

DATELINE: INDEPENDENCE, Mo., Sept. 28, 1988


Democratic vice-presidential nominee Lloyd Bentsen, invoking the memory of Harry
S Truman and other vice presidents thrust into the presidency during national
crises, today made his harshest attack on the qualifications of his Republican
rival, Dan Quayle.

In a speech to students at Truman High School and then at a news conference,
Bentsen, 67, derisively challenged the maturity and experience of Quayle, 41,
noting that Quayle could be "a heartbeat away from the nation's highest office."

"I tell you, if they were elected, I'd pray for the good health of George Bush
every night," Bentsen told reporters during a political pilgrimage to this
hometown of the nation's 33rd president.

Truman, who became president when President Franklin D. Roosevelt died after
suffering a cerebral hemorrhage April 12, 1945, "was a man of unquestioned,
undoubted integrity and honor," Bentsen said. When Roosevelt died, he added,
"Harry Truman was ready. He was up to the job."

In a pointed reference to questions raised during the campaign about Quayle's
education and military records, Bentsen said of Truman: "He led his life in such
a way that he had nothing to hide, nothing to be embarrassed about, nothing to
explain away."

Bentsen's comments came one week before the Texas senator is to face his Indiana
counterpart in their sole debate of the campaign, and today he telegraphed his
intention to raise the issues of Quayle's credentials and strong conservatism
when the two meet in Omaha Oct. 5.

"I don't think he reaches out to the middle," Bentsen said of Quayle. "He's out
of the mainstream."

Although Bentsen's aides have acknowledged the difficulty of using Quayle to
inflict lasting damage on Bush's candidacy, Bentsen used his speech to the
students to take several oblique shots at Bush's judgment in selecting Quayle as
his running mate.

"Anyone who runs for vice president must earn the respect of the American
people, and he must enjoy the trust and respect of the president," Bentsen said,
although he did not mention Quayle by name.

"If a presidential candidate does not choose a running mate with those kinds of
qualifications, then he doesn't respect the importance and dignity of the office
of vice president," he said.

Later, Bentsen criticized Quayle as "a man that was chosen to satisfy the hard
right, who's much more in tune with the philosophy of Jesse Helms and Gordon
Humphrey than he is with George Bush."

Helms (N.C.) and Humphrey (N.H.) are leaders of conservative Senate Republicans,
and each has praised selection of Quayle.

Bentsen stopped short of suggesting that Quayle is completely unqualified to be
vice president, saying at one point, "I wouldn't say he wouldn't grow into the
job."

While Bentsen was criticizing Quayle, the Indiana senator traveled through his
Democratic counterpart's home state of Texas without mentioning Bentsen's name.

It is a conscious policy, Quayle campaign aides say, of refusing to speak ill of
Bentsen, who they contend is ideologically more akin to the Republican ticket
than to Dukakis.

Asked if Quayle would even mention Bentsen during the two-day trip through
Texas, Bush's senior adviser in the state, Charles Black, said: "Oh, I wouldn't
think so."

Quayle has not spared Dukakis, however, calling him out of step with Texas.
Texas wouldn't elect Dukakis governor, Quayle repeatedly told audiences, "so why
in the world would you vote for him for president?"

Staff writer Robert Barnes contributed to this report.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post


                              634 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                    April 7, 1993, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Yeltsin's opponents belittle aid package from U.S.

BYLINE: JULIET O'NEILL; SOUTHAM NEWS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1/FRONT

LENGTH: 675 words

DATELINE: MOSCOW


President Boris Yeltsin's $ 1.6-billion aid package from the United States was
kissed off by his vice-president yesterday as "three cans of Coca-Cola" per
Russian.

And a popular liberal newspaper roasted Yeltsin for proving little by going to
the Vancouver summit except that "he can leave the country for two days and
nothing will happen."

Vice-President Alexander Rutskoi belittled the American partnership package as a
mere $ 10 U.S. per Russian, nearly half of which will have to be repaid.

He echoed a sneering pro-Communist Pravda newspaper report that told readers to
get out their pencils and do the math to find that Yeltsin got $ 10.88 for each
of 147 million Russians - "less than the price of a bottle of whisky."

"For comparison, Jews in Israel receive $ 700 per soul from the United States -
that says it all," Pravda added. "We're begging around the world and the West is
giving us crumbs."

Missing from these criticisms was the acknowledgement that the American aid,
plus $ 200 million from Canada, was simply a down payment on a much bigger
package being fashioned by the Group of Seven industrial countries. That
debt-relief and aid plan could be unveiled when G7 ministers meet in Tokyo next
week.

Rutskoi noted that $ 700 million of the U.S. aid announced this week is in food
credits, simply adding to Russia's gargantuan debt as it will have to be paid
back.

"We don't need any aid," Rutskoi said. "Our misfortunes are not from lacking
anything, but because we don't properly use what we have."

Southam News asked his opinion during a break at a roundtable conference on
economic reform, dominated by economists and politicians who want Yeltsin to
retreat from radical reforms that the U.S. and other Western countries seek to
support.

As Leonid Abalkin and some other out-of-fashion economists called for restoring
greater state control of the economy, Rutskoi lashed out again at Yeltsin's
plans and staff, saying the country would be "somewhere between dictatorship and
civil war" within a year.

Rutskoi split with Yeltsin last month over imposition of special rule, refusing
to sign on to the declaration and denouncing Yeltsin. His actions helped fuel a
power struggle with the legislature that has led to an April 25 referendum on
confidence in Yeltsin, reforms and whether to hold presidential and
parliamentary elections.

Rutskoi's name won't be on the ballot and he is next in line for the presidency
should Yeltsin resign if he loses the referendum.

The Izvestia newspaper said that Yeltsin's chances of winning the referendum
would have been reduced if he had come home empty-handed from the Vancouver
summit. But he secured "a realistic, immediate program with concrete dates and
terms."

The package includes credits to cover a resumption of U.S. grain shipments plus
grants for food and medicine, and funds to encourage the development of
democracy, housing construction for the military, and energy production.

Izvestia also noted that Yeltsin won a shift in U.S. policy away from
unconditional support of the Baltic republics.

Izvestia described as a significant political advantage a point in the
American-Russian declaration on the protection of Russian minority human rights
in the former Soviet Union.

That's interpreted here as a reference to the Baltic states of Latvia and
Estonia where Russian minorities are complaining of discrimination and on which
Yeltsin says Russian troop withdrawals from the Baltics now depend.

Another usually pro-Yeltsin newspaper, Moskovski Komsomolets, treated the summit
with a big grain of salt. "They gave us $ 1.6 billion," the paper said. "We're
sending more over there, without any fanfare."

That was a reference to billions of dollars siphoned out of Russia to foreign
bank accounts.

The paper mocked Yeltsin for saying on departure to Vancouver that he would run
the country while he was away by telephone. "He can't trust anybody," said the
paper, naming Rutskoi as among those who might not obey his telephone orders.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1993 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              635 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                    Press TV

                             August 1, 2016 Monday

Obama responsible for rise of Daesh: Indiana governor

LENGTH: 537  words


US President Barack Obama speaks during the third night of the Democratic
National Convention at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,
July 27, 2016. (AFP photo)

The policies of US President Barack Obama and former secretary of state Hillary
Clinton led to the rise of the Daesh (ISIL) terrorist group in the Middle East
region, according to Indiana Governor Mike Pence.

In a statement on Sunday night, Pence, the Republican vice presidential nominee,
blamed Obama and Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton for the
"disastrous decisions" that led to the death of Captain Humayun Khan in Iraq.

On Thursday night, Captain Khan's father, Khizr Khan, addressed the Democratic
National Convention, denouncing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump as
unpatriotic and selfish over his statements against immigrants and Muslims.

On Sunday, Trump tried to belittle Khan and his wife Ghazala, saying that the
slain soldier's father had delivered the entire speech because his mother was
not "allowed" to speak, drawing condemnation from both Republicans and
Democrats.

Indiana Governor Mike Pence speaks as Donald Trump looks on, at the Charlotte
Convention Center in North Carolina on July 26, 2016. (AFP photo)

But hours later, Pence said that both he and Trump believe Khan "is an American
hero and his family, like all Gold Star families, should be cherished by every
American."

"Captain Khan gave his life to defend our country in the global war on terror.
Due to the disastrous decisions of Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton, a once
stable Middle East has now been overrun by ISIS. This must not stand," Pence
said, using another acronym for the terrorist group.

"By suspending immigration from countries that have been compromised by
terrorism, rebuilding our military, defeating ISIS at its source and projecting
strength on the global stage, we will reduce the likelihood that other American
families will face the enduring heartbreak of the Khan family," he added.

Earlier, House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell both
described Khan as a hero.

Meanwhile, Senate Minority Leader Harry slammed Ryan and McConnell and accused
them of being "spineless" over their refusal to revoke their endorsements of
Trump.

Khizr Khan, the father of slain Muslim US Captain Humayun Khan, speaks on the
fourth day of the Democratic National Convention at the Wells Fargo Center, in
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, on July 28, 2016. His wife Ghazala Khan is standing
next to him. (AFP photo)

Daesh terrorists, many of whom were initially trained by the CIA in Jordan in
2012 to destabilize the Syrian government, now control large parts of Iraq and
Syria. They have been engaged in crimes against humanity in areas under their
control. They have been carrying out horrific acts of violence such as public
decapitations and crucifixions against all communities, including Shia and Sunni
Muslims, Kurds, and Christians.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/67/147004709817.jpg

US President Barack Obama speaks during the third night of the Democratic
National Convention at the Wells Fargo Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,
July 27, 2016. (AFP photo)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/64/147004710080.jpg



LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire

JOURNAL-CODE: 701


                            Copyright 2016 Press TV
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              636 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                             May 27, 2004, Thursday

Johansson a grudging witness to European romance

BYLINE: Russell Kempson in Gelsenkirchen

SECTION: Sport; 54

LENGTH: 307 words


It was uttered through such gritted teeth that dental surgery must surely
follow.

When Lennart Johansson, the president of Uefa, spoke about the combatants in the
European Cup final here last night, his words could not disguise the
professional and financial hurt that the sport's European governing body has
felt. Where had all the Real Madrids, AC Milans and Manchester Uniteds gone?

The perceived blame lay at home -Uefa's scrapping of the second group phase of
the competition this season -making Johansson ponder wistfully: "We were aware
that, by creating a more even balance between group and knockout matches, we
were opening the door to surprises. I didn't expect so many."

Johansson was not trying to belittle the achievements of AS Monaco or FC Porto.

Monaco's disposal of Real in the quarter-finals, after they had trailed 4-2 from
the first leg, was remarkable, while Porto's neutralising of Deportivo La
Coruna, who had previously astounded Milan, in the semi-finals was a
masterstroke of concentration.

Johansson has a sentimental empathy with the small fry of Europe and could thus
appreciate the efforts of the two teams, who had "struck blows for the element
of romance so important to the game".

An evening in the Arena AufSchalke, complete with acrobats hanging from the
retractable roof during the pre-match cabaret, was to witness, perhaps, a change
in the natural order. It was not the best game, although streets ahead of last
year's 0-0 draw between Juventus and Milan, and Porto, with the better
individuals and team, won handsomely. Didier Deschamps and Jose Mourinho should
be applauded, wherever the up-and-coming coaches next make their beds.

Johansson might have to get used to the supposed stand-ins stealing the show. In
years to come, his dental practitioner could be busy.


LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2004 Times Newspapers Limited


                              637 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                   December 14, 2000, Thursday, Final Edition

ANN LANDERS

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C11; ANN LANDERS

LENGTH: 477 words


Dear Ann:

My husband left a copy of your column on my night table. It was the one from
"Divorcing Her in Massachusetts." The writer said his wife has become a "sloppy
mommy" and shows no interest in sex. Here's my response:

Dear Husband:

Yes, you are absolutely right. I have a negative attitude about intimacy. When
we have sex, I do so grudgingly and without enthusiasm. Why would I want to be
sexually intimate with a man who belittles me on a daily basis?

Twenty years of your tantrums have worn me down. You have humiliated me so many
times in front of family and friends that we barely have a social life. Our
daughter is afraid to have you around her friends because your idea of
"discipline" is verbal abuse.

I am glad you have started taking medication, which now allows us to enjoy your
company from time to time. But I fear the alcohol you drink negates the effect
of the medicine--and you refuse to stop drinking. It is becoming harder and
harder to tolerate your boozy behavior.

I am exhausted from doing everything at home and at work. Your criticism drains
my energy. We have tried counseling. It didn't help because you rejected all the
recommendations. You will not agree to a separation, and a divorce would be
financially and emotionally harmful to our daughter, so I will stick around
until she is grown. How sad that such a potentially wonderful life should have
come to this.

-- Leaving Eventually, When the Time is Right

Your life with your husband sounds like a nightmare. Since you do not want to
divorce him, get back into counseling--with or without him--and learn how to
live with that man. It may be that you need to develop outside interests that do
not include him. If that is the case--do it. Pronto.

Dear Ann:

I just read the letter from "Sad in Sacramento." Her teenage niece was often
told she was "just like her aunt," and it wasn't a compliment. As a result, the
girl was sullen and unpleasant.

I was one of those sullen teenagers whenever I was around my grandmother. She
used to tell me I was "just like my father" whenever she was angry. As a result,
I had a very poor relationship with her. My father was a wonderful person, and I
knew her insults meant she knew nothing about him. It made me think Grandma had
no judgment and was mean. As a result, I spent as little time with her as
possible.

My suggestion to "Sad in Sacramento" is to invite her niece to visit over spring
or winter vacation. If the two of them spend some time together, they will know
the negative information is false, and they will find a friend in each other.

-- Experienced in San Diego

Thanks for sitting in my chair today. Your advice is right on. I could not have
said it better.

To find out more about Ann Landers and read her past columns, visit the Creators
Syndicate Web page at www.creators.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN;

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              638 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    February 26, 1995, Sunday, City Edition

The Art of the hard sell

SOURCE: Compiled from Wire Reports

SECTION: SPORTS; AROUND THE NFL; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 295 words



Cleveland without the Browns?

 Hard to imagine, right?

 Owner Art Modell is trying to get the town to imagine it.

He recently told the team's publication, Browns New-Illustrated: "If I  don't
get either a new stadium or a refurbished stadium by the end of the  contract
(1998), I'm not going to move the team, but I will sell the team to  someone who
might move it."

Defensive tackle Michael Dean Perry, released after being bypassed in the
expansion draft and signed Friday to a three-year, $ 7.2-million contract by
the Broncos, became the latest ex-Brown to take a shot at coach Bill  Belichick:

"I can't see into the future. But I know you can't treat players the way
Belichick does and get any reward. I think he had more respect for me than he
did for some of the others. But he belittles people. He tried very hard to get
rid of the players who could think for themselves."

Belichick's reply: "I'm not going to get into a mudslinging contest."

Jaguars: Joe Baker, a former wide receiver at Princeton and manager of
Jacksonville football operations since June, has been named an assistant  coach.
Baker, 25, will work under special-teams coach Larry Pasquale in  addition to
serving as administrative assistant to head coach Tom Coughlin.

World League: Shawn Moore, Tony Sacca and 1992 Heisman Trophy winner Gino
Torretta and are among 19 quarterbacks who will participate in a World League
of American Football camp starting Wednesday in Suwanee, Ga. The camp will be
run by former 49ers and Stanford coach Bill Walsh, now an offensive consultant
for the NFL. Torretta, acquired from the Lions, will play for the Rhein Fire,
Sacca for the Barcelona Dragons, and Moore for the Frankfurt Galaxy.

- TIME WIRES

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              639 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                             July 13, 1975, Sunday

BYLINE: BY WAYNE KING

SECTION: Page 1, Column 1

LENGTH: 110 words

Dirt-track motorcycle racing involving children as young as 6 is popular sport
in US.  Championship minicycle circuit has been formed.  400 child and teen-age
riders from all over country appeared at Houston, Tex, event, on July 4 weekend,
part of 11-meeting series, each involving 40 or more races.  Competition is
intense, and commercialization and promotion abound.  There is constant threat
of serious injury, although both parents and contestants belittle it.  Better
riders train like athletes, riding almost every day.  Some contestants and their
parents comment on racing and its dangers.  Houston meet and accidents involved
described.  Illus (L).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: Survey-Series 19

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: Photograph

              Copyright 1975 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              640 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 26, 1995, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Whistle-Blower Suit Says OTB Punished Executive

BYLINE: By SELWYN RAAB

SECTION: Section B;   Page 3;   Column 5;   Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1094 words


For 24 years, Richard R. Dangler steadily scaled the executive ladder at the
city's Offtrack Betting Corporation, reaching its third-highest post last year
as senior vice president for operations. Then in August, he was dismissed from
his $103,948-a-year job and thrown out of the agency.

Now, Mr. Dangler contends in a lawsuit that he was dismissed because city
investigators betrayed him to his bosses as a whistle-blower after he reported
possible wrongdoing by corporation officials.

Mr. Dangler, 55, who worked under eight administrations at the agency, said he
had previously made numerous reports about possible corruption to city
investigators without personal repercussions. But, he asserted, that changed
soon after Allie Sherman, a former executive at Time Warner Communications,
became OTB's president.

Mr. Dangler said Mr. Sherman warned him that he wanted "team players," began to
publicly belittle his work and increasingly ostracized him by not calling him
into management meetings concerning his departments.

Mr. Dangler asserted in an interview that shortly before he was dismissed, Mr.
Sherman proposed a deal, in a letter dated Aug. 13, that would have allowed him
to remain on the payroll for six months and receive about $50,000 in salary if
he pledged not to sue the agency. Mr. Dangler said he rejected the proposal,
which he described as a no-show job that would have enabled him to qualify for a
25-year pension.

Sherman Jackson, OTB's director of public relations, said Mr. Dangler's
assertions were the "rantings of a disgruntled former employee who knew there
was a great deal of dissatisfaction for a long time with his work and has
conjured up a bogus case of having been a whistle-blower."

He said that Mr. Sherman's offer to pay Mr. Dangler for six months without
requiring him to work "was an act of courtesy and consideration for his long
years at OTB, not a no-show job."

"No good deed goes unpunished," Mr. Jackson added.

Mr. Jackson said that Mr. Dangler had been dismissed as part of a reorganization
and that his allegations of wrongdoing were investigated and found to be
groundless.

Mr. Sherman declined to be interviewed. But Mr. Jackson said that Mr. Sherman
had been unaware of Mr. Dangler's reports of possible corruption when he
dismissed him.

According to Mr. Dangler, the climate for him at OTB, a quasi-public agency,
changed drastically in February, shortly after he made a series of reports to
Robert Unger, the corporation's Inspector General, and to Brian D. Foley, an
inspector general at the city's Department of Investigation, the agency
responsible for rooting out corruption and abuses in the municipal government.

Mr. Dangler, in his suit, said that his reports concerned these matters:

*An improper retroactive payment of $16,000 to the landlord of a betting parlor
at 74-11 Broadway in Jackson Heights, Queens, for guard services that were
provided by OTB.

*The awarding of an exclusive restaurant contract at the OTB's Inside Track
teletheater at 991 Second Avenue, near 52d Street, without soliciting
competitive bids.

*The business relationship between David B. Cornstein, the board chairman of
OTB, and Thomas H. Lee, a stockholder and director of Autotote, a company that
is expected to seek a $36 million contract next year to install a computerized
wagering system for the agency.

Mr. Cornstein is the chief executive of Finlay Enterprises, which operates
jewelry concessions in department stores, and Mr. Lee is a director and a
principal shareholder of the company. Mr. Cornstein said in an interview that he
would recuse himself from any matters dealing with Autotote.

*The granting by Mr. Sherman of an emergency $28,000 contract without bidding to
C & C Visuals, to produce television programs for OTB. Previously, Mr. Sherman
worked with the company's cable TV programs. Mr. Dangler also said that C & C
obtained a second contract worth about $2 million after getting "an improper
advantage" in a competitive bidding process.

Mr. Dangler said that in April, Mr. Unger, OTB's Inspector General, told him
that he knew he had gone outside the agency to city investigators and warned him
that "no administration feels comfortable knowing that one of their executives
is talking to the Department of Investigation."

Debbie Guzman, a spokeswoman for the Department of Investigation, declined to
give any details on the results of the inquiries.

The OTB's management and declining revenues in the last decade became a campaign
issue in the 1993 mayoral race. Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani ridiculed the agency
as "the only bookie operation in the world losing money."

The OTB, in an audit report earlier this month, said that its financial
prospects had improved. The corporation said it had an operating profit of $3.5
million in the last fiscal year compared with a loss of $5.2 million in the 1994
fiscal year. The office of City Comptroller Alan G. Hevesi, however, said that
last year's profit was only about $2 million.

Mr. Dangler joined the OTB as a midlevel manager in 1970, even before it opened
its first betting parlor. In 1994, the Giuliani administration began overhauling
the OTB's management, and appointed Robert D. Palumbo as acting president. More
than 30 top officials and managers subsequently resigned or were dismissed, but
Mr. Dangler remained as a senior vice president.

In October 1994, OTB's new board of directors, who were appointed by the Mayor,
ratified Mr. Palumbo's appointment of Mr. Dangler as senior vice president for
operations.

In November 1994, Mr. Giuliani named Mr. Sherman OTB's top executive, with a
salary of $110,000 a year. After Mr. Sherman's appointment, Mr. Palumbo became
the agency's No. 2 official as executive vice president, and Mr. Dangler was the
third ranking official.

The suit for $17.5 million in damages was filed by Mr. Dangler in October in
Federal District Court in Manhattan. He contends that OTB dismissed him for
exercising his constitutional right to free speech. The Corporation Counsel's
office, which represents OTB, has until Jan. 16 to answer the charges or to file
a motion seeking dismissal of the case without a trial.

A graying, soft-spoken man, Mr. Dangler says he has been unable to find a steady
job since his dismissal. His only income has come from working at his home in
Mount Kisco, N.Y., repairing cars for neighbors and friends.

"It's dismal for me because OTB was my whole life," he said. "And no one wants
to hire someone who has been let go after almost 25 years."

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              641 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 5, 1983, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

WOMEN'S FUNCTION IN OUR 'PATRIARCHY'

SECTION: Section A; Page 18, Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 379 words


To the Editor:

Feminists have long argued that sexism and militarism are related symptoms of a
pervasive system of patriarchy. William Safire's June 20 column, ''Two Women,''
is a case in point.§afire refers to Bianca Jagger and Lisa Fitzgerald, both
opposed to current U.S. policy in Central America, and asks: Where are the
''stunning spokeswomen for the anti-Communist point of view?  ....Where is the
beautiful celebrity of invincible vulnerability ...  to extol the virtues of
free elections?'' He goes on to state, as a matter of fact, that ''the glamorous
female celebrity-as-activist has always been a property of the left'' and
concludes that ''Our Side should thank their stars for Ambassador Jeane
Kirkpatrick.''

To dwell on Jagger and Fitzgerald's physical appearance trivializes their
dedication to political change in Central America, a region the U.S. has nearly
destroyed with more than a hundred years of imperialism. Secondly, these women
are no one's property.

This statement places the essay in context: Women are objects to be manipulated
in order to achieve the goals of a male-dominated society, U.S. world hegemony
being one of them. Safire further belittles these women when he says, ''They
think they are helping the poor: they do not realize they are helping
totalitarian repression.'' He does not credit them with the ability to think for
themselves.

Certainly no women in the Reagan Administration can be credited with independent
thought. Women with whom Safire would be acquainted, the ones we should thank
our stars for, are nothing more than honorary males who embody the ideology of
patriarchy, with its accompanying destructive traits of domination and
ethnocentrism.

A popular slogan of the disarmament movement is ''Take the Toys Away from the
Boys.'' War is waged by men. Feminists know this, and it was not surprising to
read that women outnumbered men 3 to 1 at the Lawrence Livermore National
Laboratory disarmament civil disobedience (June 20, 1983, California).  CECELIA
KIRKMAN Waltham, Mass., June 22, 1983

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              642 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 22, 2005, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Net stocks rebounding all over the place

BYLINE: Matt Krantz

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 426 words

The back-from-the-brink Internet club just got another inductee for its Hall of
Fame: Ask Jeeves.

The Internet search engine that cratered from $190 to less than $1 a share in 16
months, on Monday said it is being bought by IAC/InterActiveCorp for $1.85
billion, or $28.24 a share.

"Ask Jeeves is a survivor," says Ryan Jacob, portfolio manager of the Jacob
Internet fund.


It's also the latest example of an Internet stock that barely survived the
devastating tech bear market that has since come storming back.

That's not to belittle the incredible destruction from the dot-com bust. After
all, Ask Jeeves is selling 85% below its nosebleed peak during the bubble.

Still, there's evidence of some Lazarus-like recoveries including:

 * All five members of the USA TODAY Internet 50 index that were trading for
less than $2 a share when the index bottomed on Oct. 7, 2002, have soared 743%
on average since. That's impressive since the index doesn't include Ask Jeeves,
and the Standard & Poor's 500 is up only 51% since then.

 * The 14 members of the S&P Internet industry group worth just $2 a share on
Oct. 7, 2002, have gained 717% on average since then.

 * Ask Jeeves isn't alone in its powerful rally. While Ask Jeeves' 2,918% gain
since the bottom makes it the top performer, Chinese Internet stocks Sohu.com
and Sina have jumped 1,091% and 1,471%, respectively, after trading for less
than $2 at the bottom.

Internet stock analysts and investors have several theories on why some
beaten-up Internet stocks are soaring after nearly vanishing.

The main one is that time has shown some business models to work. Investors used
to bankroll dot-coms before it was known they could make money. Now investors
want proof. And search listings that have links to companies that pay, which Ask
Jeeves profits from, were an example of a technology that was more valuable once
it was proven, Jacob says.

Also, dot-coms got oversold in the bear market. While Ask Jeeves' price at the
bottom may seem like a bargain now, at the time, panic ruled. Even shares of
Internet blue-chip Yahoo could have been had for $4.54. Shares have jumped
nearly six times since then to $31.62 now. "It can be argued that Internet
stocks were oversold," says Mark Mahaney of American Technology Research.

Add to all this the juice some stocks are getting on the chances they may get
acquired, says David Garrity, analyst with Caris & Co.

"We'll be watching more elephants go to the dance," he says.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              643 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           November 15, 2007 Thursday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

BIG 3 BELITTLE NETS. CELTICS FIND PERFECT PATSY

BYLINE: BY JULIAN GARCIA DAILY NEWS SPORTS WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 61

LENGTH: 560 words


BOSTON - When the Nets visited the Celtics in February, the circumstances were
dramatically different than they were last night. Boston had lost 16 straight,
and after the Nets left town with a 14-point victory, was well on its way to a
58-loss season.

But as one fan's sign said last night: "What a difference a year makes."

For the second time in five days, the rejuvenated Celtics manhandled the Nets,
coming back from a slow start to lay a 91-69 drubbing on one of the teams that
is supposed to challenge them in the division.

At 7-0, the Celtics are the NBA's only unbeaten team. They are off to their best
start since the 1972-73 season, when they were 10-0 and finished with 68 wins
before falling to the eventual NBA champion Knicks in the conference finals. The
Celtics' record for consecutive wins to start a season is 14.

After matching a franchise best with a 4-1 start, the Nets have lost three
straight to fall to .500. "We're going to play better. I'm not worried about
this," said Richard Jefferson. "They're not going to go undefeated."

Probably not, but they've handled the Nets pretty well so far. The Celtics, who
led by 24 points in the fourth quarter last night, were up by as many as 23 in
Saturday's 112-101 Nets loss at the Meadowlands. Like they did that night,
Boston's "Big Three" led the way again.

Kevin Garnett scored 16 points and grabbed eight rebounds and Ray Allen scored
10 of his 14 points in the second half, when the Celtics turned a two-point
halftime lead into a rout. Paul Pierce, the only one of the three who was with
Boston last season, scored 15 points on 6-of-10 shooting. Point guard Rajon
Rondo had 13 points on 6-of-9 shooting.

Jefferson scored 21 points but struggled, hitting seven of his 19 shots. Jason
Kidd had 19 points and Vince Carter, rehabbing a sprained ankle, wasn't even in
the building. Sean Williams, the Nets' first-round pick out of Boston College,
played significant minutes for the second straight game, scoring 14 points and
collecting four blocks in his homecoming.

After building a nine-point lead early in the second quarter, the Nets went into
the half down 36-34 when Pierce hit a buzzer-beating 17-footer that bounced off
the front of the rim before banking in off glass.

The Nets were down by eight but still alive going into the fourth, but Boston
put them away with an early 11-4 run to go up by 15. When Garnett put down an
emphatic one-handed slam with 4:02 left, Boston's lead was 20.

The Nets - the first team to hold the Celtics to fewer than 98 points and only
the second to hold them under 100 - hit just 33% of their shots (24-for-72),
including only four of 14 three-point attempts. They went 17-for-32 from the
foul line and let the Celtics steal the ball from them 15 times, turning it over
20 times overall.

As Kidd noted, playing without Carter was no excuse, since the Nets were
offensively inept even before the guard got hurt in the previous game against
the Celtics.

"With Vince we were just as bad," said Kidd, who missed 11 of his 18 shots.

Including an embarrassing 106-69 loss to the Raptors on Nov. 2, the Nets have
played three games against their top two division rivals and lost by an average
of 23.7 points. Asked if there's reason to be concerned about those results,
Jefferson took offense.

"I don't care about other teams. We're going to get our team right," he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Paul Pierce of Celtics fouls Nets' Richard Jefferson on drive attempt.
Photo by Getty

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Daily News, L.P.


                              644 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                New Delhi Times

                            October 16, 2016 Sunday

Trump belittles accusers as more turn up with sordid stories

LENGTH: 795  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Oct. 16 -- Donald Trump acted out onstage an accuser's allegations
and suggested another wasn't worthy of his attention the same day two more women
came forward with years-old stories of unwanted sexual encounters with the
Republican presidential nominee.

With eight women accusing Trump of unwanted kissing, groping or more, the New
York businessman maintained his innocence and his denunciation of opponent
Hillary Clinton and an international media conspiracy aimed at denying him the
White House.

"The only thing I can say is hopefully, hopefully, our patriotic movement will
overcome this terrible deception," he declared.

Clinton maintained a relatively low profile as Trump stormed, but more hacked
emails from WikiLeaks raised anew questions about her private vs. public
pronouncements. Those released Friday showed her campaign had asked former
President Bill Clinton to cancel a speech to an investment firm last year
because of concerns that the Clintons might appear to be too cozy with Wall
Street just as she was about to announce her candidacy.

Such revelations were no match for the sordid new accusations against Trump.
Summer Zervos, a former contestant from Trump's NBC show "The Apprentice," said
the series' star became sexually aggressive at a Beverly Hills hotel in 2007. He
kissed her open-mouthed and touched her breasts in a private room, she said
during a news conference.

Late Friday night, the Trump campaign released a statement in which a cousin of
Zervos said he was "shocked and bewildered" by her account. John Barry of
Mission Viejo, California, said Zervos "wishes she could still be on reality TV,
and in an effort to get that back she's saying all of these negative things
about Mr. Trump."

In a story published online Friday, Kristin Anderson told The Washington Post
that she was sitting on a couch with friends at a New York nightclub in the
early 1990s when a hand reached up her skirt and touched her through her
underwear. She said she pushed the hand away, turned around and recognized Trump
as the man who had groped her.

Trump called his accusers liars and "sick" women seeking fame or money. During a
rally in North Carolina, Trump dismissed one of them by saying, "She would not
be my first choice, that I can tell you."

In alleging a widespread conspiracy, Trump assailed The New York Times in
particular, noting its connection to Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim, a major
shareholder in the media company. Spokesman Arturo Elias Ayub later said Slim
doesn't know Trump at all "and is not the least bit interested in his personal
life."

The WikiLeaks release of emails stolen from Clinton campaign chairman John
Podesta's personal account showed aides having to convince the former first lady
to persuade her husband to cancel the Wall Street speech ahead of her campaign
rollout. The Clintons' paid speeches have been an issue throughout the campaign,
particularly lucrative speeches to financial interests.

In remarks at a fundraiser Friday, Hillary Clinton spoke of a need for national
healing. "I take no satisfaction in seeing what Trump does and says because it
hurts - it hurts me and it hurts our country," she said.

Polls suggest Trump has fallen further behind Clinton nationally and in most
battleground states. Early in-person voting is underway in 20 states, including
Ohio, where President Barack Obama railed against Trump a day after first lady
Michelle Obama declared in a passionate speech, "Enough is enough."

The Obamas both seized on Trump's words, captured in a video released last week,
bragging about kissing and groping women without their permission. The
70-year-old billionaire has apologized, but also repeatedly dismissed his
comments as "locker room talk."

"You don't have to be a husband or a father to know that that kind of language,
those kinds of thoughts, those kinds of actions are unacceptable. They're not
right. You just have to be a decent human being," President Obama charged in
Columbus, Ohio.

Even before the mounting allegations, there was evidence that Trump's troubles
were hurting the Republican Party's ability to raise money.

The Republican National Committee has raised about 25 percent less over the past
three months than it did over the same period four years ago, when Mitt Romney
was atop the ticket.

The RNC said Friday that it raised $39.4 million last month, compared to $48.4
million in September 2012. It says it has raised $262.3 million since January
2015, about $20 million more than it had by this time in 2012.

Credit : Associated Press (AP) | Photo Credit : (AP)

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Delhi Times. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 New Delhi Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              645 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 18, 2015 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Don't belittle L.A. transit

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 222 words


Using The Post's Fact Checker concept, the statement in Petula Dvorak's Oct. 2
Metro column, "Metro's so bad that we want the feds to fix it," that in Los
Angeles "[t]hat's barely a system" would get Four Pinocchios!

"Barely a system" in Los Angeles carried more than 113 million passengers in its
combined light- and heavy-rail systems in 2013, compared with the Washington
Metropolitan Area Transit Authority's 274 million passengers in its heavy-rail
system. "Barely a system" has almost 300 rail vehicles in both modes, vs. 878 at
WMATA.

"Barely a system" logged more than 646 million passenger miles for both modes in
2013. (That's the total number of miles all passengers traveled on these systems
over that year.) WMATA logged more than 1.5 billion passenger miles in 2013 for
heavy rail. Los Angeles's bus rapid transit (which emulates the service
characteristics of light rail) adds 57 million passenger miles and 9 million
passengers.

Metrorail is substantially larger than the combined light- and heavy-rail and
bus rapid transit systems in Los Angeles. But that has nothing to do with
whether Los Angeles has "barely a system." That logic would be akin to saying
that the District has "barely a population" when compared with any larger city.

William B. Menczer , Washington

The writer is a public transportation consultant.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              646 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 17, 2015 Saturday
                                Regional Edition

Don't belittle L.A. transit

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 222 words


Using The Post's Fact Checker concept, the statement in Petula Dvorak's Oct. 2
Metro column, "Metro's so bad that we want the feds to fix it," that in Los
Angeles "[t]hat's barely a system" would get Four Pinocchios!

"Barely a system" in Los Angeles carried more than 113 million passengers in its
combined light- and heavy-rail systems in 2013, compared with the Washington
Metropolitan Area Transit Authority's 274 million passengers in its heavy-rail
system. "Barely a system" has almost 300 rail vehicles in both modes, vs. 878 at
WMATA.

"Barely a system" logged more than 646 million passenger miles for both modes in
2013. (That's the total number of miles all passengers traveled on these systems
over that year.) WMATA logged more than 1.5 billion passenger miles in 2013 for
heavy rail. Los Angeles's bus rapid transit (which emulates the service
characteristics of light rail) adds 57 million passenger miles and 9 million
passengers.

Metrorail is substantially larger than the combined light- and heavy-rail and
bus rapid transit systems in Los Angeles. But that has nothing to do with
whether Los Angeles has "barely a system." That logic would be akin to saying
that the District has "barely a population" when compared with any larger city.

William B. Menczer , Washington

The writer is a public transportation consultant.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              647 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                          November 12, 2014 Wednesday

Mom belittles claim of cousins' family resemblance

SECTION: CLASSIFIEDS; Pg. C10

LENGTH: 369 words


DEAR MISS MANNERS: I'm not sure how to handle it when my sister-in-law keeps
bringing up how her seven-month-old baby boy looks like my four-year-old son.
She has gone so far as to take a picture of a picture of my son with her
cellphone and walk around a party showing everyone and asking if her son looks
like mine. Honestly, her son looks nothing like my son, and I find it
aggravating and borderline creepy that she keeps bringing it up. I'm not sure
what to do. We do not have a good relationship at all, so I'm not sure why she
insists on doing this at every social event we attend, or what she is trying to
prove.

GENTLE READER: And what exactly is it that are you trying to prove? Miss Manners
is also at a loss about why you would consider a family resemblance creepy. If
anything, it is a compliment to your son that she fancies that her son resembles
him. However, Miss Manners is beginning to understand why you and your
sister-in-law are not close.

DEAR MISS MANNERS: I manage an age-restricted apartment community, and I enjoy
hosting activities for my residents. This month I tried something new and had a
catered dinner. The cost was $12 per person, paid in advance.

One couple out of the 40 people who signed up did not attend the event. I
thought about calling them, but then I got busy hosting the party for the other
38 who did attend.

This couple was very upset the next day when they discovered that they missed
the party and came in asking why I hadn't called them. They also asked for their
meals, which I had not saved. Do I have an obligation to remind people of a
social event that I host and/or save their meals?

GENTLE READER: Under normal circumstances, no. A host does not - and should not
- have an obligation to remind guests of an invitation. But Miss Manners assumes
that "age-restricted" means it is a retirement home or assisted-living facility.
In that case, it seems that your assistance may be needed.

Miss Manners dearmissmanners@gmail.com Please send your questions to Miss
Manners at her website missmanners.com, to her email above or through postal
mail to Miss Manners, Universal Uclick, 1130 Walnut St., Kansas City, MO 64106.
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2014 Times &; Transcript (Moncton)

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The Times & Transcript
                              All Rights Reserved


                              648 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                            October 14, 2012 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Romney aide belittles Obama's 'moon landing'

BYLINE: Christina Lamb

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 388 words


ONE of Mitt Romney's foreign policy advisers has attacked President Barack Obama
for claiming credit for the killing of Osama Bin Laden in Pakistan last year.

Bin Laden's elimination was cited as one of Obama's main achievements in his
latest campaign advertisement, narrated by the actor Morgan Freeman.

"That's like Nixon taking credit for Buzz Aldrin and Neil Armstrong landing on
the moon six months after he took office," said John Bolton, a former US
ambassador to the United Nations.

"The effort to get OBL was 10 years in the making," he added. "Obama made the
right call but it's hard to imagine any American president presented with the
same information not making the same call."

The Freeman advert, entitled The Last Thing We Should Do Is Turn Back Now, was
released yesterday as Obama travelled to the colonial town of Williamsburg in
Virginia for a long weekend of intensive preparation for Tuesday's second
televised debate.

The president is under pressure to avoid a repeat of what has become known as
the Drubbing in Denver following his listless performance in the first debate.
His own supporters were so horrified by his failure to stand up to a
reinvigorated Romney that some questioned whether he even wanted a second term.

"I was just too polite," Obama said last week. "I think it's fair to say that we
will see a little more activity at the next one."

Some argue that Obama performs better when his back is against the wall. Obama
"knows he had a bad night in Denver", said Jen Psaki, his campaign spokeswoman.
"We know [the rematch] is a big opportunity and we feel good about how prepared
he'll be."

Obama and top aides plan hours of practice sessions ahead of the town hall-style
event, including some mock exchanges with Senator John Kerry, who is once again
playing the role of Romney.

Campaign officials said the president was working on being more aggressive in
responding to Romney.

Obama has been encouraged by the strong performance of Joe Biden, his deputy, in
the vice-presidential debate last week. It proved far more entertaining than the
Romney-Obama clash and was widely considered a draw.

If Obama needs any inspiration he can venture into Williamsburg, which has been
turned into an outdoor theme park where actors roam the streets playing the part
of historical figures such as George Washington.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Obama, left, is briefed on the mission to capture Bin Laden

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2012 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              649 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                            October 14, 2012 Sunday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

Romney aide belittles Obama's 'moon landing'

BYLINE: Christina Lamb

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 388 words


ONE of Mitt Romney's foreign policy advisers has attacked President Barack Obama
for claiming credit for the killing of Osama Bin Laden in Pakistan last year.

Bin Laden's elimination was cited as one of Obama's main achievements in his
latest campaign advertisement, narrated by the actor Morgan Freeman.

"That's like Nixon taking credit for Buzz Aldrin and Neil Armstrong landing on
the moon six months after he took office," said John Bolton, a former US
ambassador to the United Nations.

"The effort to get OBL was 10 years in the making," he added. "Obama made the
right call but it's hard to imagine any American president presented with the
same information not making the same call."

The Freeman advert, entitled The Last Thing We Should Do Is Turn Back Now, was
released yesterday as Obama travelled to the colonial town of Williamsburg in
Virginia for a long weekend of intensive preparation for Tuesday's second
televised debate.

The president is under pressure to avoid a repeat of what has become known as
the Drubbing in Denver following his listless performance in the first debate.
His own supporters were so horrified by his failure to stand up to a
reinvigorated Romney that some questioned whether he even wanted a second term.

"I was just too polite," Obama said last week. "I think it's fair to say that we
will see a little more activity at the next one."

Some argue that Obama performs better when his back is against the wall. Obama
"knows he had a bad night in Denver", said Jen Psaki, his campaign spokeswoman.
"We know [the rematch] is a big opportunity and we feel good about how prepared
he'll be."

Obama and top aides plan hours of practice sessions ahead of the town hall-style
event, including some mock exchanges with Senator John Kerry, who is once again
playing the role of Romney.

Campaign officials said the president was working on being more aggressive in
responding to Romney.

Obama has been encouraged by the strong performance of Joe Biden, his deputy, in
the vice-presidential debate last week. It proved far more entertaining than the
Romney-Obama clash and was widely considered a draw.

If Obama needs any inspiration he can venture into Williamsburg, which has been
turned into an outdoor theme park where actors roam the streets playing the part
of historical figures such as George Washington.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Obama, left, is briefed on the mission to capture Bin Laden

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2012 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              650 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          February 24, 2010 Wednesday

A choice that belittles Canada

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Danny Williams; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 478 words


Newfoundland and Labrador Premier Danny Williams misrepresented Canadian health
care this week in explaining why he went to Miami for mitral-valve surgery. With
his statements, whether inaccurate or simply incomplete, he made Canadian
medicine look second-rate.

His doctors in Canada, he said, told him he would need a full or partial
sternotomy, either of which would have required breaking his chest bones. At
Miami's Mount Sinai Medical Center, by contrast, he received minimally invasive
surgery, no bones broken. "Did some checking, of course, and what was ultimately
done to me, the surgery I eventually got... was not offered to me in Canada," he
told his province's NTV News.

Minimally invasive mitral-valve surgery is performed at the Montreal Heart
Institute and Hôpital du Sacré-Coeur. It is also done at hospitals in Quebec
City, London, Ont., Toronto, Ottawa, Edmonton and Vancouver. "You can have all
the special care that you need around Canada; we have the same results and the
same safety that they offer in Florida, I'm sure," Hugues Jeanmart, a cardiac
surgeon at Hôpital du Sacré-Coeur and the Montreal Heart Institute, said
yesterday. Patients can return to their regular lifestyle in four to six weeks.
He said he has done minimally invasive mitral-valve surgery over 350 times; Dr.
Joseph Lamelas of Miami's Mount Sinai has done it 2,000 times. But the technique
is available in Canada, contrary to the impression Mr. Williams left.

"It's his body, it's his money, hopefully, but don't tell us the operation
cannot be done here," said Arvind Koshal, director of cardiac surgery at the
Mazankowski Alberta Heart Institute in Edmonton. "It can be done."

The University of Ottawa Heart Institute issued a statement yesterday from
Thierry Mesana, the chief of cardiac surgery, that minimally invasive
mitral-valve surgery has a higher rate of complications, including strokes, and
"the only real benefit is cosmetic." On the other hand, Bob Kiaii at the London
Health Sciences Centre said he does the minimally invasive surgeries routinely,
and more safely than when the chest is sawed open.

The impression Mr. Williams left, that the technique he sought in Miami is not
available in Canada, is reinforced by his statement that he will consider
applying for reimbursement for his medical costs in Florida.

He also said he would inevitably have been seen as a queue-jumper if treated in
Canada. But Dr. Jeanmart in Montreal said prompt care is available when the
individual case is acute. The Peter Munk Cardiac Centre in Toronto said it has
no extensive waiting list for any heart surgery at the moment.

"This is my heart, it's my health, it's my choice," Mr. Williams said. Of course
it's his choice, but it reflects on the quality of medicare. The message he has
sent by word and deed is that Canadian medicine is stuck in the past century.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              651 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                    Wilkes Barre Times Leader (Pennsylvania)

                             March 25, 2007 Sunday

Bush administration belittles us -- again COMMENTARY LEONARD PITTS

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 634 words


HARD TO believe, but they're at it again.

After 2002, when a National Cancer Institute statement reporting no link between
abortion and breast cancer was changed by the Bush administration to say
evidence of a link was inconclusive; after the administration cut language on
global warming from a 2003 report by the Environmental Protection Agency; after
a government scientist was forbidden in 2001 and 2002 from discussing health
hazards posed by airborne bacteria emanating from animal waste at large factory
farms; after 60 scientists, 20 of them Nobel laureates, signed a statement in
2004 accusing the White House of manipulating and distorting science for
political aims; after all that, Team Bush has once again been caught censoring
science it dislikes.


I refer you to this week's testimony before the House Committee on Oversight and
Government Reform. The committee produced documents documenting many dozens of
instances in which the former chief of staff of the White House Council on
Environmental Quality edited scientific reports on global warming. He cut
definitive statements and replaced them with doubtful ones in order to portray
climate change as something less than the settled science most experts consider
it to be.

And get this: The guy changing the scientific reports is not a scientist. Philip
Cooney is an oil man, previously employed by the American Petroleum Institute,
the industry's lobbying arm. When he left the government in 2005, he went to
work for Exxon Mobil.

Can you say conflict of interest, boys and girls?

Democrats on the committee certainly could. Rep. Peter Welch from Vermont
compared Cooney to the tobacco industry "scientists" who once assured the public
cigarettes were perfectly safe.

Republicans struck back, noting that James Hansen, a NASA climatologist who
accuses the government of watering down the reports, is the recipient of a
$250,000 award for environmental achievement from a foundation run by Teresa
Heinz Kerry, wife of Massachusetts Democratic Sen. John Kerry. Hansen, they
said, is hardly without political motive.

The charge might stick except for all those prior instances of the
administration changing science to fit politics. However one interprets Hansen's
motives, that pattern is still clear.

As the sins of Team Bush go, this isn't the biggest. That dishonor goes either
to bungling the war, mismanaging the peace or leaving New Orleans to drown. Yet
this is, in some ways, the sin that tells you the most about the gang running
this country and what they think of you and me.

Reasonable people, faced with facts leading to an unwanted conclusion, might
seek to discredit said facts or find competing facts supporting a more palatable
conclusion. But the Bush Gang simply ignores the facts, declaring reality to be
whatever they say it is. And if that bespeaks a breathtaking gall, how much more
gall, how much more utter "contempt" for people's intelligence, is required to
keep doing it after you've repeatedly been called on it?

I could give you many reasons this makes me angry. I could speak about the
people's right not to be propagandized by their own government. I would point
out that this facts-optional approach shreds the government's credibility.

But here's what really burns my toast: These people think I'm stupid. And they
think you're stupid, too. What else can we conclude of a government that treats
us with such brazen disdain?

They think we're a bunch of doofuses, dimwits and dolts who will never notice
that they've placed the interests of their cronies above our own.

For the record, I am not stupid and I resent being treated as if I am.

How about you?

Leonard Pitts Jr. is a columnist for the Miami Herald, 1 Herald Plaza, Miami, FL
33132. Readers may write to him at lpitts@miamiherald.com or call him at (888)
251-4407.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Wilkes Barre Times Leader
                              All Rights Reserved


                              652 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                            June 21, 2006 Wednesday
                              Correction Appended
                                 VALLEY EDITION

ATTORNEY BELITTLES ETHICS FINE;
O'DONNELL: ``DON'T GIVE A DAMN''

BYLINE: BY BETH BARRETT Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. N4

LENGTH: 667 words


Fined by the city Ethics Commission for his role in illegal campaign
contributions to former Mayor James Hahn's 2001 election, prominent attorney
Pierce O'Donnell scoffed Tuesday at efforts to penalize him and his employees.

O'Donnell earlier this year pleaded no contest in Los Angeles Superior Court to
five misdemeanor counts of using a false name while making political
contributions. He was fined $155,000, banned from political fundraising for
three years and placed on probation for that period. O'Donnell also was fined
$147,000 by the commission.

In the latest round, the Ethics Commission on Tuesday fined 11 people involved
in the scheme at his firm -- from paralegals to a mailroom employee -- a total
of $13,500 for receiving reimbursements from O'Donnell.

O'Donnell said he is not concerned that his firm will be harmed by city
sanctions.

``I don't give a damn,'' O'Donnell told the Daily News, noting that neither he
nor his firm currently has any city business. ``If they bar me, they bar me.
There are a lot of fish in the ocean.''

O'Donnell said his firm is thriving, particularly after the record attorney fees
it received in an antitrust case. And he said his work on behalf of the city in
the past has been limited.

``It's not a very important part of my practice.''

Steve Levin, political-reform project director for an L.A. nonprofit,
nonpartisan research organization, the Center for Governmental Studies, said
some businesses even budget for such fines as part of the cost of doing business
with city government.

``If it's a knowing violation, a complete flaunting of the law, it's willful.
Then even a day or a night in jail would scare someone senseless,'' said Levin,
who said he worked briefly for O'Donnell's firm while in law school.

But Levin said there's little political will from legislators and public
officials to impose tougher penalties that might be challenged in court on
constitutional freedom-of-speech grounds.

The Ethics Commission has only levied fines in the O'Donnell case, including
about $15,000 against nine other people last month.

Ethics Commission President Gil Garcetti, formerly Los Angeles County district
attorney, said the issue of broader penalties could be considered.

``Would it be appropriate? I'm not saying it wouldn't be. It could be something
we could consider. Should we (consider it) is a larger question,'' he said.

Garcetti said he would be hesitant, for example, to penalize O'Donnell's law
firm.

``You'd have to show evidence that others were involved at that law firm (who)
were as culpable as he was.''

The commission's vice president, Bill Boyarsky, a former journalist, said he
would be reluctant to expand current penalties to punishments such as banning
individuals or companies from doing more business with city government after
violating city ethics law.

``I don't like huge penalties,'' Boyarsky said. ``My overall goal is compliance
with the law that we have right now.''

If O'Donnell, for example, were banned from doing business with city government
in Los Angeles, ``he'd do business somewhere else,'' Boyarsky said.

Boyarsky said that passing tougher laws in reaction to the O'Donnell case could
sweep up people who may have been taken advantage of.

In Tuesday's ruling by the commission, mailroom employee Mark Ramirez,
facilities manager Bert Rodriguez and paralegals Linda Fraser, Hilda Escobar,
William Powell, Sherrill Soliz and Sharon Wright were each fined $1,000 for
receiving reimbursements from O'Donnell after they contributed $1,000 to Hahn's
campaign.

Accountants Becky Ma and Cathleen Lee, as well as paralegal Leonard Kishimoto,
were fined $2,000 each for receiving reimbursements after making joint
contributions with their spouses, and legal assistant Dannette Polchowski was
fined $500.

Boyarsky said the public's interest is protected by a combination of standards,
but also by the flexibility of case-by-case reviews.

``Do you believe all these laws make people more honest?''

beth.barrett@dailynews.com

(818) 713-3731

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: Thursday, June 22, 2006



CORRECTION: FOR THE RECORDA headline Wednesday said attorney Pierce O'Donnell
had belittled a city ethics fine. In fact, what O'Donnell said was that his firm
wouldn't be harmed by city sanctions.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Digital First Media


                              653 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                          December 14, 2005 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Church critics belittle audit;
Report says diocese following rules to protect youths

BYLINE: Kathleen A. Shaw, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 679 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


David Clohessy, national director of Survivors Network of Those Abused by
Priests, said yesterday the audit in the Catholic Diocese of Worcester and those
done across the country are public relations maneuvers to convince the public
the bishops have reformed in the wake of the clergy sexual abuse scandal.

"No one should be lulled into complacency by this ridiculous process. Bishops
draw up the rules, decide who plays, hire the umpires and declare themselves
winning. It's a total sham," he said.

Mr. Clohessy said the self-audits, one of which was done this year in Worcester,
"are one more shrewd PR stunt by bishops to try and convince the public and the
parishioners they've reformed when, in fact, they have not."

The Worcester Diocese announced late last week that the diocese for a third year
was found to be compliant with provisions of the Charter for the Protection of
Children and Young People adopted by the American bishops in 2002 in response to
the clergy abuse scandal. The diocese was allowed to do a self-audit this year
because the diocese was compliant for the previous two years.

Other victims of clergy abuse in the Worcester diocese reacted yesterday to the
audit and said things were not as rosy as some might have said.

"The impression that I'm getting is that the bishop is still making statements
that would make an uninformed reader think that he is sitting down and writing
all of us poor victims a letter from the depths of his heart to right this
terrible wrong," said Dave A. Lewcon of Uxbridge, who settled a lawsuit with the
diocese that alleged he was sexually abused as a minor by the Rev. Thomas H.
Teczar.

The diocese noted that Bishop Robert J. McManus last spring wrote to all "known
victims."

"Obviously this is bogus, but we all know that," Mr. Lewcon said. He said he
checked with victims who had received the letters and he was told "that it
wasn't much more than a form letter," he said. Mr. Lewcon said he never received
a letter from the bishop.

Mr. Lewcon questioned the auditing company, The Gavin Group of Boston, and
exactly what it was auditing. The diocese doing its own evaluation "is like me
giving myself my own annual job review. Why wouldn't I give myself a raise?" he
said.

Chad Boisvert, who now lives in the Boston area, received services from the
diocese after alleging abuse by the Rev. Jean-Paul Gagnon as an adult
pre-seminarian. He said he never received a letter from the bishop.

Paul Guries of Auburn, who settled a lawsuit with the diocese alleging sexual
abuse by the Rev. Gerard L. Branconnier, said he did not receive a letter from
the bishop "and I am well-known to the diocese."

Mr. Guries, a former seminarian who studied for the priesthood for the Worcester
Diocese, said he was invited to meet with the late Bishop Timothy H. Harrington
at his residence during the 1990s. The bishop had a list of names of active
priests in the diocese and Mr. Guries was asked if he knew of anything negative
about them. The bishop closed by saying some of the priests probably would be
promoted in coming weeks.

Bryan Smith of Hubbardston, an early Worcester SNAP leader, said he has received
assistance through the Office for Healing and Prevention. "I feel that if the
new bishop really wanted to reach out to survivors, he could have used a more
personal letter to survivors, and also he should have left out his quotes of
Scripture. I threw my letter away as soon as I saw Scripture quoted, as I felt
like it was an insult. I don't believe in any of that hocus-pocus," he said.

He said that Frances Nugent, the victim service coordinator for the diocese,
appears to be sincere, but he believes her "hands are tied" sometimes because
she works for the diocese.

Mr. Smith never filed a lawsuit, but received some help from the diocese after
alleging sexual abuse as a minor by the late Rev. Donald J. Rebokus at Holy Name
High School.

The diocese has high praise for Mrs. Nugent and Sister Paula Kelleher, who
co-directs the office with Mrs. Nugent. The annual audits are conducted of every
diocese throughout the country.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              654 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                  May 1, 2005 Sunday 0 South Pinellas Edition

ALL DOLLED UP

BYLINE: MARC TOPKIN

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 7C

LENGTH: 772 words


We don't mean to belittle the noble efforts to donate a large share of the
proceeds to charity. And we certainly have nothing against the specific causes,
wishing for only the best, and for hefty donations, to those helping fight ALS
and skin cancer.

But a Curt Schilling Bobble Ankle doll?

Given the events of last week?

If it wasn't true  - and it is, see  http://www.bobbleankle.com to order - you'd
swear we made it up.

The Red Sox pitcher/media monger/world authority, amid all his other activities,
found time last week to assail Lou Piniella, using a weekly radio spot to say
the Tampa Bay manager "somehow forgot how the game is played" and claiming that
during  last Sunday's melee, Rays players referred to Piniella as "this idiot."

That said - and Schilling definitely said it, though he ducked when asked by
reporters to explain or respond - we suggest a few other Schilling-related dolls
that someone might want to produce.

THE CURT SCHILLING BOBBLE MOUTH: It just keeps running and running, kind of like
the Energizer Bunny, spewing forth words of wisdom for all.

THE RED SOX NATION NODDING HEADS COLLECTION: Take doctor, lawyer, business
executive, and college professor dolls, dress them in trendy, overpriced Red Sox
gear because it's the thing to do, and watch them agree with everything
Schilling says.

THE CURT SCHILLING MEDIA STAR: He has a weekly radio spot. He calls into talk
shows. He posts on Internet message boards. He does TV spots (when they're
national). He fires off e-mails. He campaigns for President Bush. He talks big
to Sports Illustrated (then backs down to Congress). Comes complete with cell
phone, computer, mirror - and two faces.

THE TALK-LIKE-CURT VOCABULARY BUILDER: He refers to Piniella as "this idiot.' He
calls Rays TV analyst Joe Magrane a "frickin' idiot." He says he used to watch
Roger Clemens pitch and think, "Gee, what an idiot." He brands Newsday columnist
Jon Heyman "an idiot and a liar." He says Alex Rodriguez is not a real Yankee
but "an idiot like Barry Bonds." He says of his own early days in the majors, "I
was a complete idiot." (When Schilling next pitches at the Trop, can events whiz
John Franzone play anything but Green Day's American Idiot?)

THE BOBBLE FOOT-IN-MOUTH: Watch Schilling say something stupid. Comes with
long-life batteries for repeated use.

NOW IT CAN BE TOLD ...

Slugging a game-winning pinch-hit home in the ninth inning against the defending
World Series champions is cause for legitimate celebration.

But Eduardo Perez seemed even more excited than expected after his massive April
22 blast at the Trop, tossing his bat and pointing exuberantly toward the Rays
dugout.

Turns out, he had good reason - he called his shot.

Before walking to the plate to lead off the ninth against Alan Embree, Perez
told on-deck hitter Carl Crawford he was going to take care of things. "I said
something like, "Don't worry, you're not going to have to hit,' " Perez
recalled.

So when the ball soared off Perez's bat, he couldn't help himself.

"Players say things, but it doesn't always happen," Perez said. "It doesn't
usually happen. That's why I was so much more excited."

Who was more surprised?

"We probably both were," Crawford said. "But I was more shocked."

DIRECT DIAL

When Chris Singleton found out Friday he'd been fined $500 for his role in the
April 24 scuffle with the Red Sox, he wanted to talk about it. So he called
MLB's New York offices and asked to speak with the man who doled out the
punishment, vice president Bob Watson.

"He was maybe a little surprised that I just called him directly," Singleton
said. "Most players have their agents call but I figured, hey, I've been in the
game a little while, why can't I just call him and explain to him how I felt
about it."

APRIL SHOWERS

Maybe the Rays get too comfortable being at home all spring. Or maybe it's that
heavy dose of intra-divisional play. But the Rays miserable start on the road is
nothing new:

April        Overall

Year        road W-L     road W-L

2005        1-8+ ??-??

2004        2-8          29-52

2003        2-9          27-54

2002        2-10         25-55

2001        4-10         25-56

2000        6-9          33-48

1999        7-7          36-45

1998        6-6          30-51

+ through Friday

YOU DON'T SAY

"It's more than I want to pay. Any amount is more than I want to pay."

- LANCE CARTER, Rays reliever, on the $3,000 fine he was assessed.

MARC TOPKIN, Times Staff Writer

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: RAYS TALES; BASEBALL EXTRA

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, (2); A Curt Shilling Bobble Ankle doll; Eduardo Perez

TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2005 Times Publishing Company


                              655 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       March 20, 2001 Tuesday 2D EDITION

A sordid political money system

BYLINE: E.J.Dionne,

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-09

LENGTH: 809 words


It's easy to belittle those who fight for piecemeal reforms in  our campaign
money system, and much derision will come the way of  John McCain in the weeks
ahead.

The bill that Arizona's McCain and his Democratic colleague,  Russ Feingold of
Wisconsin, began pushing on the Senate floor  faces two very different kinds of
opposition. It is argued that  the bill doesn't go far enough and could have
unintended - and  largely negative - consequences without achieving 'real'
reform.  And it is also argued that it goes too far in restricting those
exercising their legitimate rights to affect the direction of the  political
system.

The first argument is certainly half true. The main purpose  of McCain-Feingold
is to stop the flow of those huge, unregulated  'soft money' contributions into
the political system.

Doing that is a good thing - big money does have too much  influence on our
politics - but it's not revolutionary reform.  Money always has a way of finding
new tributaries into politics.  We know for certain that McCain-Feingold, all by
itself, can't dam  them all up.

A more far-reaching reform would give candidates a chance to  opt out of the
money chase by offering them public financing in  exchange for rejecting
privately raised funds. Alternatively, the  provision of free television and
radio time - the price of which  would probably be a tax credit to television
stations required to  give up political ad revenues - would reduce the
imperative for  24/7/365 fund-raising by our politicians.

But if McCain-Feingold is defeated, such reforms will become  less rather than
more likely. Their bill - as long as it is not  disfigured with amendments
designed to undermine its purpose -  will get rid of some of the worst abuses
and allow reformers to  move on to the next steps. If this bill dies, the result
is not  likely to be a push for more radical reform. Its defeat would  signal
that even modest reform is impossible.

Those who say that any effort to regulate political money  violates the First
Amendment ignore our history. Under Teddy  Roosevelt's presidency, Congress
outlawed corporate contributions  to campaigns. It was the first of many efforts
to limit the  corrupting influence of cash while preserving a free and vigorous
  public debate.

What often goes unacknowledged in these campaign money  battles is the paradox,
noted by the great political scientist  Robert Dahl, that market economies: a)
are more conducive to  democracy than to other economic systems; and yet b) also
pose a  large problem for democracy.

Democracy tends to do well under market systems because free  economies leave
large amounts of power (and money) out of the  hands of government. People
opposed to any given government can  usually find the resources to make their
case and have a chance of  winning the next election. But when the government
owns  everything, as the libertarian economist F.A. Hayek put it, it  owns 'the
means to all our ends.'

Yet democracy is a system of 'one person, one vote,' not 'one  dollar, one
vote.' The big concentrations of economic power that  market economies make
possible can have undue influence on  governments - even democratic governments.
A capitalist democracy  ceases to be capitalist when the government takes over
the  economy. But it ceases to be democratic when the power of monied  interests
dominates the government.

Campaign-finance reformers thus undertake what might be seen  as a tragic but
necessary task. They know right from the start  that under capitalism, those
with a lot of money will always talk  louder than those with less. No campaign
reform can change that.

Yet they also know that their objective is to keep money's  voice from becoming
deafening. So they must keep proposing new  ways of limiting money's power,
realizing that in five, 10 or 20  years, money will find new ways of talking. A
campaign-finance  reformer's job is never done.

McCain and Feingold are thus proposing a first step that  doesn't go far enough,
but is absolutely necessary if other steps  are to be taken.

McCain likes to name Teddy Roosevelt as his hero. The  Republican Roosevelt had
it right when he said: 'Those who oppose  all reform will do well to remember
that ruin in its worst form is  inevitable if our national life brings us
nothing better than  swollen fortunes for the few and the triumph in both
politics and  business of a sordid and selfish materialism.' Our current
political money system is sordid, and the debate in the Senate  over the next
two weeks will test our capacity to reform it.

E.J. Dionne (postchat@aol.com) is a Washington Post columnist  and a senior
fellow at the Brookings Institution.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 2001 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              656 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                           The Nikkei Weekly (Japan)

                                January 13, 1997

Former Daiwa Bank trader's book is a tale of iniquity, incompetence

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 408 words


Don't look for any heroes in former Daiwa Bank bond trader Toshihide Iguchi's
memoir "Confession," which will be released Thursday by Bungei Shunju Ltd. In
his version of events that led to his December 1996 conviction for trading
fraud, just about everyone is wears black.

Iguchi writes that after he confessed to the bank president that he had lost 1.1
billion dollars in illicit trades, Daiwa officials conspired to cover up his
losses, then double-crossed him and informed U.S. prosecutors about his
activities.

He also belittles regulators from the New York Federal Reserve Bank and Japan's
Finance Ministry, saying they made perfunctory checks of the banks' activities,
completely missing the huge losses Iguchi had racked up over 12 years.

Iguchi wrote the memoirs in his Manhattan jail cell, according to publisher
Bungei Shunju. The trader, formerly of Daiwa's New York office, was sentenced by
a U.S. District Court to four years in prison and ordered to pay 2 million
dollars in fines.

The illicit trades led to Daiwa's expulsion from the American market.

Iguchi writes that after he confessed to illicit trading in a letter to
then-bank president Akira Fujita in July 1995, Hiroyuki Yamaji, a former bank
director, met Iguchi in a Manhattan hotel and asked him to get rid of a floppy
disk that had a copy of Iguchi's confession on it. Two other Daiwa executives
were at the meeting, Iguchi writes.

Fujita and Yamaji resigned in October 1995 to take responsibility for the
trading scandal.

Iguchi also contends that Yamaji asked him at the meeting to keep hiding the
losses until early November because Daiwa would report to the Finance Ministry
that Iguchi's letter was received after the half-year book closings in early
November.

Then Yamaji asked him to continue covering his illicit losses by selling
securities that Daiwa Bank receives in trust from its customers, Iguchi writes.

Daiwa officials declined to comment on the contents of Iguchi's book.

Iguchi writes that bank officials considered transferring the losses to a paper
company in the Cayman Islands, a practice he says Daiwa had used before.

Daiwa Bank eventually decided to sacrifice him, Iguchi concludes. Bank officials
promised him a job in a subsidiary in Japan and asked him to cooperate in
translating documents the bank had turned over to federal investigators in
September 1995. At the end of the same month, Iguchi was arrested by the FBI.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 Nihon Keizai Shimbun, Inc.


                              657 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           December 31, 1996, Tuesday

LOSING DOESN'T BELITTLE KITTLES

BYLINE: By D.L. CUMMINGS

SECTION: Sports; Pg.  66

LENGTH: 472 words


It will be very difficult for Kerry Kittles to win the NBA's Rookie of the Year
award.

With Allen Iverson generating so much excitement in Philadelphia and Stephon
Marbury getting his game together in Minnesota, it appears the award is a
two-man race.

However, that has not stopped Kittles from quietly and effectively having a
solid campaign for the lowly Nets. The 22-year-old Villanova product showed the
Knicks something last night, leading all scorers with a 28-point performance in
the Knicks' 98-86 victory at the Garden. His performance proved that the Nets
knew what they were doing when they selected the slender guard with the eighth
pick in the draft.

Kittles has reached double figures in his last five games, including a 17-point
first-quarter performance against Michael Jordan. He also had 28 points Sunday
night against Reggie Miller.

"He's not afraid to play," Nets veteran forward Xavier McDaniel said of Kittles,
whose season high is 30 points. "He's played well against Mike (Jordan), Reggie
(Miller) and every one of the two-guards in the league. He just has to continue
to believe in himself. I tell you, he has surprised a lot of people in this
league."

But he hasn't surprised himself. Kittles, who was 11-of-19 from the field last
night, has led the Nets in scoring in 10 of their 27 games. For a rookie, he has
shown remarkable consistency and proven to be a solid defender. Kittles had four
steals last night and averages two a game.

"I'm definitely confident out there, but I only attribute that to my teammates,"
Kittles said. "They have helped me develop in training camp and practice every
day. All the guys have been very positive, and when I get out there on the floor
I have that mentality that I'm prepared and ready to perform well."

The Nets have no problem going to the rookie when he is hot. In the third
quarter last night, Kittles literally kept his team in the game. With the Knicks
leading 58-48, Kittles hit a three-pointer to cut the lead to 58-51 with six
minutes left in the quarter.

After Allan Houston answered with consecutive baskets, Kittles came back with
another trey to keep the Nets within 62-54. When Chris Childs nailed a
three-pointer to put the Knicks ahead 65-54, Kittles then banged in a trey of
his own. Houston came right back with another three-pointer to increase the
Knicks' lead to 68-57. Kittles scored again for the Nets, knocking down a
13-foot jumper in the lane to trim the deficit to 68-59.

"I was feeling it a little bit, and my teammates kept going to me," Kittles
said. "It's something we do whenever someone is hot. It makes you feel good to
know your teammates have confidence in you in a situation like that. It makes me
want to step up and do my job because I'll do whatever it takes to help the New
Jersey Nets."


LOAD-DATE: January 02, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: KEITH TORRIE DAILY NEWS KITT'S A HIT: Chris Childs (l.) tries to stay
with Kerry Kittles, who would lead all scorers with 28 points.

                        Copyright 1996 Daily News, L.P.


                              658 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                 October 2, 1995, Monday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

Weak schedule shouldn't cloud Falcons' shine

BYLINE: Mark Bradley

SECTION: SPORTS, Pg. 1D, Mark Bradley

LENGTH: 496 words


Go ahead. Belittle the Falcons' schedule. Carp about Jeff George. Lampoon the
run-and-shoot. I've done all the above and surely will again. But not today.
Today's intent is to recognize one truth above all:

The Falcons are 4-1.

Five times they've played. Five times they've had the chance to lose. Four times
they've won. To such a team, attention must be paid.

Said Bob Whitfield, the left tackle: "Regardless of who we've beaten, we've
still had to go out every week and win the game."

This time the Falcons did that. This time their victory wasn't a function of the
opponent's ineptitude. This time they won the game. It was tied after three
periods. The Falcons took the fourth quarter 13-0. They made plays. They dared
greatly. For the first time this fall, they won not stumbling but pulling away.

Said Eric Metcalf, maker of the biggest play: "We've have a lot of close games
that shouldn't have been that close. But the fourth quarter today and the way we
had to go at it . . . that lifted everybody."

It even lifted Dome patrons, a notoriously placid lot, from their seats. At the
end, this felt like a real NFL game, loud and vibrant and big-time. The offense
moved the ball and scored points. The defense made stops. Those on hand -
attendance was 47,114 - noticed.

Said Chuck Smith, the pass rusher: "It was noisy out there. I looked up in the
stands and saw people wearing jerseys with our meaning defensive players'
numbers. It felt great."

It should have. No Atlanta team has ever been better than 4-1. No NFC team has a
better record now. If this isn't the most fearsome assemblage you'll ever see,
neither is it anywhere near the worst. In a watered-down league, such a team
cannot be dismissed.

Said Kevin Ross, the fierce safety: "Our defense started to play with a lot of
electricity, and it started going through the stands. It was like people were
saying, 'Hey, they're for real.' "

Let's be clear about this: The Falcons have the same record as Dallas and San
Francisco but not the same team. Still, starting 4-1 means that you don't have
to apologize to anyone. Said Craig Heyward, the former Saint: "I'd rather be 4-1
than 0-5." Which New Orleans is.

Regarding that fourth quarter: Tied at 17, the Falcons drove to a field goal,
Heyward doing the heavy lifting. The defense induced a three- and-out. The
Falcons drove to another field goal, George rolling right and finding Bert
Emanuel for 27 yards on third-and-25. The D stopped New England on downs. Going
for the kill on third-and-2 at the Pats' 33, George lofted a pass to Metcalf,
who took it and kept running.

"Exhilarating," Whitfield called Metcalf's touchdown. Someone then asked at what
point the Falcons will be regarded as bona fide. Said Whitfield: "When we're in
the playoffs. Maybe people will take us seriously then. But when we're in the
playoffs, just don't jump on the bandwagon."

Whitfield weighs 300 pounds. Consider yourselves warned.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              659 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                     May 16, 1998, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

Batista belittles L.A.: Expos kick Dodgers around while they're down; Expos 4
Dodgers 2

BYLINE: STEPHANIE MYLES; THE GAZETTE

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 636 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


It's hard to imagine the Los Angeles Dodgers players could even concentrate on
the task at hand.

Franchise catcher, Mike Piazza was sitting in manager Bill Russell's office in
street clothes, awaiting the word to clear out his locker and head to Miami.
Start packing, Mike.

Prospective new left-fielder Gary Sheffield, was arguing over nickels and dimes
with the upper strata of Dodgers management, but finally settled.

It was a good time to kick a team when it was down. The Expos did exactly that
last night, putting together a couple of two-run innings against a pitcher who
had always been tough on them, winning 4-2 in front of 46,056 fans at Dodger
Stadium.

It was a muted, almost funereal effort by the Dodgers, despite the best efforts
of the large crowd to spur them on. Todd Zeile's fill-in at third base, Juan
Castro, went down swinging three times.

Tom Prince, behind the plate in place of Piazza, went 1-for-3, but failed to
take second base on a line shot to the deepest part of left field in the
seventh, preferring not to test the arm of Ryan McGuire.

Whatever the circumstances, they took nothing away from another impressive
effort in a starting role by Expos right-hander Miguel Batista, who earned his
first win in the majors.

Batista went 7 2/3 innings, giving up two runs - only one of which was truly
earned. F.P. Santangelo completely misjudged an Eric Young fly ball in the
bottom of the eighth, after being moved to left field from second base to start
the inning, in a roulette of defensive replacements.

Young's ball dropped five feet behind Santangelo, and was ruled a double.

Immediately, manager Felipe Alou thanked Batista for a job well done and brought
in closer Ugueth Urbina.

To that point, Batista had retired 14 of the previous 15 batters after a rough
first inning. He walked only one, struck out six, and other than the six hits he
gave up, a sacrifice fly by Eric Karros and a line shot right to Mark
Grudzielanek were the only balls hit in the air.

The Expos were hardly out of the woods. The struggling Todd Hollandsworth sliced
Urbina's opening offering to right field, scoring Young. But Urbina coaxed three
futile swings out of the dangerous Raul Mondesi, the potential tying run.

Right-fielder Vladimir Guerrero, always willing to give the paying customers
their money's worth, got caught in two more rookie mistakes.

Guerrero's single scored Santangelo with the Expos' second run in the third
inning. But Guerrero had some ideas of taking second base on the throw. He
watched centre-fielder Thomas Howard all the way around the bases, but never
broke stride or made sure the throw was headed all the way to home plate.

Dodgers starter Ismael Valdes cut off the throw, and Guerrero was a dead duck at
second for the third out.

Guerrero made another error in judgment when he collided with centre-fielder
Rondell White in the bottom of the sixth. Guerrero made the catch, and no one
was hurt. But he failed to cede to White, the more experienced of the two and,
as the centre-fielder, the quarterback on the play.

The Expos had a chance to pad their lead in the top of the ninth. But
Grudzielanek could only manage a weak grounder to second base with the bases
loaded.

In came Urbina to earn his ninth save. He made Eric Karros and Thomas Howard
look like rookies, striking them out. And pinch-hitter Roger Cedeno popped up to
shortstop on the first pitch.

Why Expos won:

The Expos came up with an inspired effort at exactly the right time, against a
distracted team.

- Starring on offence:

Widger went 2-for-4, and continued his hot hotting with a two-run double in the
fourth.

- Starring on defence:

Miguel Batista kept the ball low, and got 11 groundouts and six strikeouts in an
impressive performance.


LOAD-DATE: May 23, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: MICHAEL CAULFIELD, AP / Expos starter Miguel Batista handcuffed
a distracted Dodger team last night in Los Angeles.

               Copyright 1998 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              660 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            June 10, 2009 Wednesday

South St. Paul

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: VALEDICTORIANS

LENGTH: 338 words


Name: Mitchell Ambrose

Parents: Edward and Susan Ambrose

College, major: University of Minnesota-Twin Cities, biomedical engineering

Favorite quote: "Sometimes you have to play a long time before you can play like
yourself." -- Miles Davis

Name: Kaila Bibeau

Parents: Joyce Hughes and Dan Johnston

College, major: University of Minnesota-Twin Cities, apparel design

Favorite quote: "Never say never."

Name: Katherine Brisson

Parents: Dean and Angela Brisson

College, major: University of Miami, marine biology and psychology

Favorite quote: "The important thing is: To be able at any moment to sacrifice
what we are for what we could become." -- Charles Dubois

Name: Elizabeth Dippel

Parents: Karen and Rich Dippel

College, major: Winona State, accounting or computer science

Favorite quote: "Keep away from people who belittle your ambitions. Small people
always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become
great." -- Mark Twain

Name: Stephanie Erickson

Parents: Laney Erickson and Dina Wellbrock

College, major: University of Minnesota Carlson School of Business, marketing

Favorite quote: "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their
dreams." -- Eleanor Roosevelt

Name: Abby Lough

Parents: Vicki and Larry Lough

College, major: St. Mary's University, elementary education

Favorite quote: "Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today."
-- James Dean

Name: Paige Patet

Parents: Janelle and Rankin Patet

College, major: University of St. Thomas, Catholic studies and English

Favorite quote: "Life itself is the most wonderful fairy tale." -- Hans
Christian Anderson

Name: Lauren Peltier

Parents: John and Kelly Peltier

College, major: University of Wisconsin-Madison, pharmacology/toxicology

Favorite quote: "All dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue
them." -- Walt Disney

Name: Rebeccah Rossbach

Parents: John Rossbach and Kathleen White

College, major: University of Minnesota-Twin Cities, chemical engineering

Favorite quote: "Be the change you wish to see in the world." -- Gandhi

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              661 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The Albany Herald, Ga.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday

Thousands of pink and blue crosses in Dougherty County protest abortion

BYLINE: Jim West, The Albany Herald, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 404 words


Sept. 17--ALBANY -- Travelers on U.S. Highway 19 in southern Dougherty County
may be wondering why there is a field off the highway with thousands of pastel
pink and blue crosses.

The 4,000 handmade wooden crosses represent the estimated number of abortions
performed each day in the United States, said Ricky Griner, pastor of the
Pleasant Grove Baptist Church in the Lester community of Mitchell County.

"The members of our church believe in the right to life," Griner said, "And the
crosses are meant to bring people's attention to what is happening in the
country."

Griner said that while members of Pleasant Grove oppose abortion and want it
stopped, the display is not meant to attack or belittle any woman who has had an
abortion.

"We hope that the cross display will cause people to stop and think, and we urge
them to contact their senators and representatives and maybe give some thought
to the next election," Griner said.

Volunteers began setting up the crosses Saturday morning in the vacant lot of
the former Hall's Homes in Dougherty County, said Bo Morey, volunteer and member
of Pleasant Grove Baptist Church. According to Morey, while this marks the first
time the crosses have been displayed, church members hope to begin setting them
up in other areas.

Morey said the 4,000 crosses were a church project that required a full year to
complete.

According to the Center for Disease Control and Prevention's Abortion
Surveillance System, in 2010 there were 765,651 legal-induced abortions reported
from 49 reporting areas, which would translate to an average of just more than
2,097 per day. The abortion rate that year was 14.6 per 1,000 women ages 15-44,
with a ratio of 228 abortions per 1,000 live births. Both the total number and
rate were down 3 percent from 2009 reports and the decease in the 2006-10
reporting period was greater than the decrease for the 2001-05 period.

The CDC figures did not include numbers from California, Maryland and New
Hampshire, which did not submit reports.

The Guttmacher Institute estimates there were 1.06 million abortions performed
in the U.S. in 2011, which would translate to about 2,904 per day. Its data has
the abortion rate at 16.9 per 1,000 U.S. women, which the institute says is the
lowest rate since 1973, when it was 16.3 per 1,000 women.

___ (c)2014 The Albany Herald, Ga. Visit The Albany Herald, Ga. at
www.albanyherald.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140917-1AH-Thousands-of-pink-and-blue-crosses-in-Dougherty-County-protest-abor
tion-0917-20140917

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AH


                                 Copyright 2014


                              662 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           September 22, 2014 Monday
                              MON REGIONAL Edition

Rockies' fans deserve change from owners

BYLINE: Terry Frei

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1BB

LENGTH: 599 words


What a bunch of saps.

The ballclub has been out of the pennant race since April 27. It hasn't won
anything in ages. The player payroll is in Major League Baseball's lower
echelon.

Ownership keeps getting rewarded because these unsophisticated fans insist on
buying tickets, witness the official attendance of 34,334 for a home game
Saturday afternoon. The season total of just over 2.5 million fans placed the
franchise at a more than presentable 11th in MLB attendance.

Those saps just keep going to the ballpark.

But enough about the Cubs and their fans.

(I hope) they know I'm kidding, to make a point.

In Colorado, instead of saluting the Rockies' fan base for similar dogged
loyalty one that comes with sharp edges and more criticism of the franchise than
that fan base is given credit for it's fashionable to belittle it. I really
don't get that.

That school of thought seems to suppose that all fans in, say, Busch Stadium in
St. Louis ("now, that's a baseball town") watch every pitch, keep score, second
guess taking out the starting pitcher in the sixth inning and can rattle off the
parameters of the Rule 5 draft.

Everywhere yes, everywhere the trip to the stadium has a bit of a trip to an
amusement park feel to it for many of the fans who show up. There's nothing
wrong with that.

That said, there were fans in the crowd of 33,764 at the Rockies' game Saturday
who knew the just recalled second baseman, Cristhian Adames, was the Asheville
Tourists' shortstop in 2011, playing with current Colorado teammates Corey
Dickerson and Tyler Matzek and turning double plays with light hitting second
baseman Russell Wilson.

It's a mix.

For a time this summer, I was convinced the Rockies who ended up drawing nearly
2.7 million at home had reached the tipping point, that the Monfort ownership
finally will accept that something has to be done in the offseason to tear down
and rebuild the front office. It could follow a simple statement of fact: This
isn't working.

The payroll, albeit among the most top heavy in MLB, isn't the problem. Only the
ignorant keep saying the Monforts are cheap. It's the ineptitude of the
operation in a sport that continues to demonstrate moderate payroll teams can
win if they're savvy. It's from ownership on down. As we've seen with other
organizations in this city, ownerships can do something to change the course of
franchises.

The problem now is that there are rationalizations to seize for the Monforts not
to make major changes. Next weekend, the Rockies' 45 36 home record will end up
the fifth or sixth best in the NL. They won't lose 100 games. Thanks to Arizona,
they might not finish last in the NL West.

"Nobody wants to finish there," manager Walt Weiss said. "We know, any way you
slice it, it's not going to be a very good season. I guess there's some
consolation in not finishing last. But we talked about playing to the finish
line, playing to that last out in L.A. on the 28th and that's what the guys are
doing."

Absolutely, the Rockies have had a mind boggling run of injuries, especially
among their best players. Unfortunately, "injury prone" is one of the most
difficult labels in sports to shake, so there's no reason to believe that Troy
Tulowitzki or Carlos Gonzalez will play 156 games or more next season, either.
But that's what we'll hear to excuse continued inertia.

Ownership should look at those fans who show up. Instead of ensuring that they
are undeserving targets of derision, and that they'll hear that they're saps and
that they're part of the problem, reward them.

Do something.

Terry Frei: tfrei@denverpost.com or twitter.com/TFrei

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              663 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                      March 28, 2003 Friday Final Edition

Verbally abusive mom needs medical help

SOURCE: Freelance

BYLINE: KATHY MITCHELL AND MARCY SUGAR

SECTION: Life; Annie's Mailbox; Pg. E6

LENGTH: 571 words

Dear Annie: I am a married, 52-year-old woman. My mother has berated me all my
life. As a teenager, she said I was fat and stupid, even though I was neither. I
put up with these nasty remarks because she is my mother, but I've had it.

Last week, my husband and I visited my parents in Florida. While driving us to a
restaurant, my husband became fatigued, and I told him to pull over so I could
drive. At that point, my mother got out of the car saying I'm a dangerous
driver, and besides, I have no friends, my friends are pigs, I can't keep a job,
no one wants to be with me, the medicine I take for a chronic condition is
really for mentally ill people, and on and on.

Annie, my friends are the greatest, and I have a wonderful job. I drive every
day to work and have never had an accident. I do not understand why my mother
says such things. My poor father hears her complaints from the minute he wakes
up until he goes to sleep. She orders him around and belittles him. She also
says nasty things about her family, his family and everyone else. As a matter of
fact, she never says anything nice about anyone.

If I never hear from her again, I wouldn't care. It's my father who concerns me.
Is there anything that will help? Have I done something wrong to make my mother
so hateful?

Feeling Beaten in Connecticut

Dear Beaten: This is not your fault. Your mother sounds depressed and probably
has been for as long as you've known her. If there is any way to get her to see
a psychiatrist, the right medication could work wonders. Talk to your mother's
physician about Mom's inability to find pleasure in life, and ask for help.

Dear Annie: I am a freshman at college, and I have already made a lot of friends
in my dorm. I realize I am lucky to have so many friends, but it's becoming a
problem. My door is usually open, and because I am next to the lounge area,
people will walk over to say hello. Sometimes they come into my room and stay.

My friends tell me about their day and their problems. If I'm playing a good
song, they will crank up the volume so they can hear it from the lounge. They
come in expecting my undivided attention when I am working, talking online to
other friends, reading or playing a game. I don't want my friends to feel
unwelcome, but I really need my own space. How can I politely tell folks to
leave when I am otherwise engaged?

Student in Chicago

Dear Student: We would have suggested simply asking your friends to leave, but
we discussed it with a few college students we know. They informed us such a
request would be considered rude. They suggested either locking your door and
pretending you are not home or going elsewhere to study. They said the best
places would be the library or a coffee shop.

Dear Annie: I was amused by the letter you ran from "Susie," whose daughter
named the dog after her. Several years ago, my father-in-law named a donkey
after me. My wife took great pleasure in teasing me until her dad got a second
donkey and named it after her.

Tell Susie to embrace the humour of it. After all, she could have had a jackass
named after her.

Billy and Sue

Dear Billy and Sue: You sound like a guy who rolls with the punches. Thanks for
putting it in the proper perspective.

E-mail questions to anniesmailbox@attbi.com or write to: Annie's Mailbox, P.O.
Box 118190, Chicago, Ill., 60611. Visit www.creators.com to find out more about
Annie's Mailbox.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Column

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              664 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  December 24, 1997, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Class themes in 'Titanic' just the tip of the iceberg

BYLINE: Walter Shapiro

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A; Commentary

LENGTH: 895 words


The verdict is in from both the critics and the early box office
grosses: Titanic is the cinematic epic of the year and
maybe the decade. Just as political columnists in that war-torn
year of 1939 should have paused to comment on the symbolic richness
of Gone With the Wind, I feel compelled to dive into the
icy splendor of Titanic.So painstaking is director-producer-writer
James Cameron's reputation for historical verisimilitude that
folks in Chippewa Falls, Wis., are actually upset that the movie's
hero, Jack Dawson (played by Leonardo DiCaprio), boasts of ice
fishing on a man-made lake that wasn't created until five years
after the great ship went down to the bottom.

Compared to the historical liberties taken by Steven Spielberg's
Amistad and the conspiracy-theory excesses of Oliver Stone,
this seems a comically trifling offense. But such complaints are
Cameron's recompense for his $ 200 million-plus obsessive zeal
in replicating the White Star Line's ashtrays and the weave of
the Titanic's fibers.


If we are going to quibble over anachronisms, far more troubling
is the tin ear that Cameron, the writer, displays in replicating
the language of the era. At a key moment in the plot, Dawson responds
to an invitation from Rose (Kate Winslet) by using that all-purpose
1960s exclamation, "Cool!" (The apt 1912 slang
phrase would have been "Swell!").

Similarly, Rose belittles the preening arrogance of the robber
barons in first class by calling them "Masters of the
Universe." That put-down phrase was popularized by Tom
Wolfe in Bonfire of the Vanities and was based on an early
1980s action toy.

Maybe I'm reflecting my professional biases, but words matter.
Language is as much an artifact of 1912 as the movie's Edwardian
costumes which, incidentally, are being peddled by pretentious
mail-order clothier J. Peterman. Would the presumed glories of
the antebellum South have seemed half so convincing if Scarlett
had snapped at Rhett, "You're sounding like a broken record"?

Don't get me wrong. I misted up with the rest of the movie audience
as the stalwart musicians on deck played Nearer My God to Thee.
Ever since I saw A Night to Remember as a child, I
have been transfixed by the moral quandary posed by the Titanic
tragedy. How would any of us have reacted amid the panic of
that terrible final hour, knowing that half the lifeboats had
been left behind so as not to mar the beauty of the great ship's
lines?

For all of Cameron's documentary fidelity, his Titanic is
at its core an old-fashioned movie romance between first-class
Rose and plucky third-class Jack, a vagabond artist who won his
passage in a poker game. OK, love across class barriers is a cinematic
cliche, but it is one that has far more in common with Depression-era
films like It Happened One Night than with the social-stratified
Nineties. Far more typical these days are movies like My Best
Friend's Wedding, in which all the characters are comfortably
upper middle-class.

Values are important in an epic. For all its enduring virtues,
Gone With the Wind offers an approving gloss on the segregationist
South. That's why it is so bracing that along with its historical
pageantry, Titanic provides an implicit rebuke to the social
and economic snobbery of our era. Titanic even lapses into
an immigrants-have-more-fun sequence contrasting the smug languor
of brandy and cigars in the first-class salons with the sweaty,
zestful energy of life in steerage.

Contemporary culture rewards Warren Buffett, Henry Kravis and,
yes, even Donald Trump for the mere act of being rich. Studies
show that the income gap between the wealthy and steerage class
has been steadily increasing, with no trickle-down benefits from
the raging bull market. Moreover, the decline of blue-collar America
means that no longer can unionized factory workers presume to
live on the same block with research chemists.

But such the rich-are-better-than-the-rest-of-us pretensions are
mocked in Titanic. When Rose's fatuous fiance, Cal, the
heir to a steel fortune, offers our heroine a golf-ball-size diamond
that once belonged to Louis XVI, he brags, "We are the
new royalty, Rose." At that point, the movie audience
is primed to snicker, even though in real life we often bow and
scrape in the direction of Bill Gates.

But aboard Titanic such aristocratic airs are to be ridiculed,
in part because we know that the frigid waters of the North Atlantic
await the rich and poor alike. When Jack dresses up in borrowed
white tie and tails for a dinner in the first-class dining room,
we are meant to notice that he looks almost as natural as he did
in his plebeian pegged corduroys and suspenders.

The pauper can indeed pass for a prince, especially when he gets
a whispered cue about the one trick needed to survive fancy-dress
occasions: Use the silverware on the outside first.

The locked metal gates that prevent third-class passengers from
rising above their station, even as the water is rising, serve
as the dominant metaphor of Titanic. More than a movie
contrivance, they are a poignant reminder that we too live in
a nation with similar barriers of race, status and money.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              665 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            April 27, 2011 Wednesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

REX BELITTLES GIANTS. IN BOOK, SAYS JETS RULE CITY

BYLINE: BY MANISH MEHTA DAILY NEWS SPORTS WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 62

LENGTH: 523 words


REX RYAN left little doubt in his new book that he thinks the Jets - not the
Giants - officially own the city.

In "Play Like You Mean It," which was co-written with Don Yeager, will be
released on Tuesday, Ryan's dig at Big Blue highlights an illuminating book that
features everything from his admiration of Bill Belichick to his criticism of
ex-Jets such as Kerry Rhodes.

"When people ask me what it's like to share New York with the Giants, my
response is always I am not sharing it with them - they are sharing it with me,"
Ryan writes. "Some people like to say the Giants are the big brother team and
the Jets are the little brother team. I know it's going to (tick) off every
Giants fan to hear this, but here you go: I really don't care.

"We came to New York City to be the best team in the NFL, not just the best team
in New York City. And I have news for you: We are the better team. We're the big
brother. . . . It seems clear that right now we are the better team and we are
going to remain the better team for the next 10 years. Whether you like it or
not, those are the facts and that's what is going to happen."

Ryan reveals his conversation with Belichick after Gang Green's divisional
playoff win over the Patriots and maintains that "People get the wrong message
sometimes when I talk about Belichick. I really do respect him."

Ryan was harsh on tight end Chris Baker and linebacker Eric Barton, who left for
other teams when Ryan took over in 2009.

"His idea of trying to motivate Vernon Gholston was to rip the guy, yelling at
him all the time about how he wasn't giving enough effort, that he wasn't
playing hard, that he wasn't measuring up," Ryan wrote about Barton, who signed
with the Browns in 2009. "That's not showing respect. Those guys never respected
the guys they played with. They were negative guys, and I'm not going to have
negative guys on my team. That was the message I got from the people I talked to
in the organization."

Barton responded to the Daily News in a series of tweets last night: "I guess I
won't be buying that book. Interesting I've never met the guy. I've never played
for Rex. I was nothing but supportive of Vernon. Almost fought a fan for yelling
at Vernon during pregame. Ask Vernon. Ask any of my former teammates what they
think of me. That's all I really care about."

Ryan also called Rhodes, who was traded after the 2009 season, a "selfish-ass
guy."

"He wouldn't work, and he was a Hollywood type, flashy and needing attention,"
Ryan wrote.

Ryan admitted that he believed Gholston was a "phony" coming out of college, but
he was committed to making him a better player.

The coach also shared his halftime message when Gang Green fell behind 24-3 to
the Steelers in the AFC Championship Game.

"I just ripped the defense, tore into them," Ryan wrote. "I said, 'How about
this for a halftime adjustment - how about tackling some motherf-----, because
there's nothing wrong with the scheme!' "

Patriots wide receiver Wes Welker apologized to Ryan and his wife at the Pro
Bowl for his foot references in a press conference before the divisional
playoffs, Ryan revealed.

twitter.com/TheJetsStream

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rex Ryan, shown in rare tight-lipped moment, takes shots in new book.
AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Daily News, L.P.


                              666 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                            February 26, 2017 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                Northern Ireland

Arrogant Haye can blow Bellew away;
Underdog does not possess the power to deal with former world champion. By Nick
Pitt

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1113 words


January 2017 Haye belittles Bellew in a recorded message to Sky's In Off The Bar
show. Bellew responds: 'You're in the gym in the day and the nightclub at night.
I'm the one living clean and you're the one sunbathing and posing every five
minutes like you're trying to get ready for some Baywatch shoot. Go do something
productive you idiot, clown, hay-faker.' BOXING IT IS not hard to comprehend the
consuming hatred that Tony Bellew feels for David Haye. Mostly, it is the
natural resentment of an honest toiler for somebody more gifted, more articulate
and much more arrogant, someone who treats the fight business as showbusiness.

It is six years since Haye engaged himself in what could be described as a
serious boxing contest. During those six years he carefully maintained his
profile as a celebrity, coquettishly hinted at a comeback and breezed between
Los Angeles and south London. Lately, he did come back, easily and entirely
predictably dismissing two carefully chosen lambs to the slaughter.

Bellew, meanwhile, fought 13 times and went through the mill, from awful defeat
to vindication at world level. For their meeting in the ring, at the O2 Arena on
Saturday, Bellew has cast himself as the worthy knight, the good soldier who
will silence the braggart and bring to a welcome conclusion the confidence trick
he accuses Haye of perpetrating on a gullible public.

The trouble for Bellew is that boxing is no morality play. A huge underdog in
the betting, he has it all to do. He is in danger of being outgunned and
outclassed, and the very hatred he feels for Haye is likely to be seriously
counterproductive, for to lose your temper, especially against a cool tormentor
such as Haye, is to ensure disaster.

Bellew, the archetype of the working man as a dedicated fighter, has prepared
for his first professional appearance as a heavyweight, and his most dangerous
assignment, in the traditional manner. He has sweated and used his hatred to
push his body beyond pain.

"My camp has been horrible, horrendous," Bellew said. "I just about died on the
treadmill. But I'm in great shape. I can do 12 rounds and not be blowing in any
of those rounds. I've had bigger men sparring with me and offered them £1,000 in
hand for any man who can drop www.me.No one's took it."

Haye's initial camp seemed designed to taunt Bellew. He went off to the sun at
Miami Beach and was variously pictured on a superyacht, in a Rolls-Royce and
private jet. He sharpened his reflexes by playing beach volleyball with the
ladies.

All that is anathema to Bellew, a Liverpudlian who has inhabited the tough gyms
of the north for a quarter of a century, since taking up kick boxing aged 10. In
those days, his father was his inspiration but a poor role model. Bellew Sr had
just two contests as an amateur. He won the first and was completely outboxed in
the second, which prompted him to attack his opponent with a stool.

Bellew Jr learned discipline and technique under Jimmy Albertina, a legendary
trainer who died suddenly in 2003. Bellew, who went on to win three Amateur
Boxing Association titles at heavyweight, has Albertina's name tattooed on his
arm.

Bellew turned professional as a light-heavyweight and seemed to have reached his
level when he won British and Commonwealth titles. Two dispiriting losses when
he made challenges for world titles showed that graft alone was not sufficient.
He was given a boxing lesson by Nathan Cleverly when they met for the WBO title
in Liverpool in October 2011 and two years later he was battered to defeat in
six rounds against Adonis Stevenson in Canada, with the WBC title at stake.

Bellew moved up to cruiserweight, the division which Haye dominated before he
moved to heavyweight in 2008. Working under Dave Coldwell, a trainer of rising
reputation, Bellew has been unbeaten since. He avenged the defeat by Cleverly in
2014. Last year he won the WBC world title by beating Ilunga Makabu in May and
defended it against BJ Flores of the United States in October.

Given Haye's absence from rigorous combat, and despite the fact that he is now
36, it may seem odd that Bellew's prospects of winning are generally considered
slim. The reason is that Haye was terrific rather than competent at
cruiserweight, that he moved easily to heavyweight and won a world title, and,
above all, that the power and speed of his punching mark him as a knockout
specialist, one of the hardest hitters in the sport. Even Coldwell says an early
strike by Haye would be ruinous.

"If Tony makes a mistake and gets tagged in round one, it's all over," he said.
"For two rounds, Haye will be lightning fast; then for the following two rounds
he will be fast. After that, if Tony is still there, it will become very
interesting. Remember that Haye has not been hit with 10-ounce gloves for a long
time. We all know what Haye used to be, but we haven't a clue about the 2017
version."

Haye said last week: "They've taken the fight in the hope that I'm not the man I
used to be. How about if I'm better than ever? I believe that I am: bigger and
better than ever before. I can guarantee he will be retiring. After I finish
with him I'd be surprised if he gets a licence to box again. I hope his family
does not come to the fight or watch on TV. I intend to deliver the most
spectacular knockout of all my fights."

Bellew justifiably takes offence at such talk, especially when the sport has
suffered recent tragedies. He was also right to complain that Haye broke a
fighters' code when he clipped Bellew with a punch at a press conference last
November. Haye, posing for photographers, rubbed his nose and beard against
Bellew's face. Bellew pushed him away and Haye landed a glancing left hook.

"It was very sly but I think it was planned," said Bellew.

"He is an egotistical maniac."

Haye knows exactly what he is doing. He may not be as good as he was several
years ago but when he predicts that Saturday's fight will finish in his favour,
and end brutally, he is probably correct.

FEUD FOR THOUGHT October 2016 After beating BJ Flores, Bellew turns on Haye, who
is ringside and had predicted a Flores victory. 'Those two guys you've just
fought [Mark de Mori and Arnold Gjergjaj] are now working on nightclub doors or
putting the bins out. They were a joke. I'll put you and that pathetic haircut
to sleep.' November 2016 Security guards have to separate the pair at a press
conference. Haye says he will put Bellew in hospital. Bellew squares up to his
opponent. 'I'm disgusted,' says Bellew. 'He punched me in the side of the head.'
December 2016 The feud continues on Twitter. Bellew calls Haye 'HayeFaker' and
Haye says his opponent is a 'skinny fat constantly angry scumbag'.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FRANK AUGSTEINBest of enemies: Haye and Bellew clash at the press
conference

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2017 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              667 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                            April 29, 2015 Wednesday

Bloggers Belittle Women's Achievements in Bitcoin

BYLINE: Sarah Martin

SECTION: BANK TECHNOLOGY Vol. 1 No. 65

LENGTH: 656  words


Felix Salmon, acclaimed journalist and notorious Bitcoin skeptic, made waves in
the digital currency community this week by turning a review of Nathaniel
Popper's forthcoming book, "Digital Gold," into a lament about gender issues.

In his post, "Digital Gold," Salmon argued that the disproportionate number of
men in the digital currency industry will hinder efforts to popularize bitcoin.
"Unless and until women can be brought into the Bitcoin fold," he writes,
"broader adoption is simply not going to happen."

Following Salmon's cue,Business Insider's Shane Ferro posted a curt commentary
entitled the "Digital Gold." Repeating a (more thanDigital Gold) estimate that
the Bitcoin community is made up of 96% men, Ferro surmised that "it [will be]
hard to have a currency that leaves out 50% of the population.

The fallacy of these two pieces is the rush to conclusion. Using scant and
shallow evidence of women's participation in the digital currency industry to
foreshadow Bitcoin's demise is not only erroneous, but also impertinent. Though
the total number of women in Bitcoin may in fact be small, the collective impact
of their achievements is unmistakably great.

It's true that men far outnumber women in Bitcoin (as is the case inDigital
GoldandDigital Goldbroadly). At theDigital Goldconference next week in New York
City, only seven women will speak as panelists, compared to 92 men. But it's
also the case that many of Bitcoin's women are the captains of industry. For
example, women at leading digital currency companiesDigital Gold,Digital
Gold,Digital Gold,Digital Gold, andDigital Gold(among others) all command roles
in the C-suite.

Last month, theDigital Gold,Digital Gold,Digital Gold, theDigital Gold, and
theDigital Goldlaunched the firstDigital Goldin concert with the 100-year
oldDigital Gold. The whole of the digital currency communityDigital Goldon March
8 to recognize women in Bitcoin and celebrate their successes. Thirty-two
leading women in bitcoin, including Connie Gallippi of theDigital Gold,
Primavera De Filippi ofDigital Gold, and Elsa Broeker ofDigital Gold,
alsoDigital Goldabout their experiences.

Highlights from their fellow essayists included:

"We believe cryptocurrencies are an amazing and empowering tool for people
living in societies who are unbanked and can be used to make women and girls
financially independent."- Fereshteh Forough of Code to Inspire, a nonprofit
that educates Afghan girls to write software (an organization Salmon might know
of if he read a book that's been out since January, "Digital Gold" by Paul Vigna
and Michael Casey).

"Bitcoin empowers. Imagine if you were told, 'sorry, but because you're a woman,
you cannot open a bank account.' With Bitcoin, a woman can simply receive and
spend funds, and connect with individuals around the world."- Elizabeth Ploshay
of BitPay.

"Bitcoin doesn't care about your socioeconomic status, ethnicity, culture, age
or gender. It only cares that you are willing to learn and do good work."-
Jinyoung Lee Englund, formerly of the Bitcoin Foundation.

Ferro is right that the industry's success will demand equal participation from
both sexes. Salmon's more nuanced argument about the pitfalls of focusing on
technology alone without thinking through how it will actually fit into real
people's lives, however, is a lesson for all entrepreneurs, men and women alike.
There are no gender (dis)advantages to understanding customers or local market
conditions.

Before leaping to conclusions based on percentages and raw figures, it's prudent
to look more closely at the real people behind those numbers. Confusing quantity
for quality leads the reader astray, and discounts the tremendous value added by
bitcoin's women to this rapidly growing industry.

Sarah Martin is the vice president of theDigital Gold, a professional
association, and spearheaded the inaugural Bitcoin Women's Day, a new annual
event and now yearlong industry movement.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_BLOG


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              668 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 24, 2014 Friday

New Jersey: Ebola fears can escalate past actual risk

LENGTH: 1251  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Monmouth University, The State of New Jersey has issued the following news
release:

Anxiety surrounding the deadly Ebola virus heightened after the first two
American aid workers infected in Liberia returned to Atlanta for treatment.

Christie stops short of endorsing Ebola travel ban

And fears have run rampant since the Thomas Eric Duncan, then two of the nurses
who cared for him, became the first, second and third people diagnosed with
Ebola in the United States.

Statistics on the infectious virus are plentiful in the around the clock news
coverage. But one fact remains buried amid the panic: four times as many
Americans will die this year of seasonal flu than all of the people killed by
Ebola worldwide in this most recent outbreak.

And at the same time hospitals and health officials are ramping up their
preparations should a patient with a risk of Ebola exposure arrive here, they
also urge average New Jerseyans to keep a realistic perspective on their
potential of coming in contact with the disease.

"We don't mean to belittle the concerns with Ebola," said Kerry McKean Kelly,
spokeswoman with the New Jersey Hospital Association, which is coordinating
drills among emergency departments in the state to identify and isolate Ebola
patients.

"We urge people to be just as vigilant to get their seasonal flu shots."

Doctor gives facts about Ebola

How widespread the Ebola fear is among Shore-area residents is hard to gauge.

Monmouth County Regional Health Commission has only gotten one call about Ebola
in the past three weeks, county health officer Dave Henry said.

At the same time, a news story from August about a patient isolated at
CentraState Medical Center because they had flu-like symptoms and had traveled
to West Africa gained traffic on social media and briefly went viral, before
social media quashed it as old news. That patient did not have Ebola.

Obama: Ebola monitoring must be 'more aggressive'

Henry said his staff is gathering as much information as possible about Ebola so
they can answer the public's questions, keeping municipalities and law
enforcement up to date and learning about what tools it has in state law to
quarantine people in the community who had a potential exposure to Ebola.

Likewise, he said people should keep informed on Ebola through the Centers for
Disease Control and New Jersey Department of Health websites as well as the
media.

"Given this is a very serious disease, what happens is we want the public to be
as knowledgeable as possible, but to try to reduce any unnecessary fears," he
said. "I think basically the more factual information the public gets, the
better off everyone will be."

Being informed, he said, should keep Ebola anxiety at bay.

Editorial: Cable news spreading, exploiting Ebola fear

How anxious a person can get over the potential for a deadly infection depends
in part on their own propensity to have fear, two psychology professors from
Monmouth University said. Those whose fears go out of control because of the
deadly repercussions of Ebola need to practice a technique called "reality
checking" -- stating to themselves the facts surrounding their actual risk.

"You are not traveling. You are in New Jersey. You are not exposed to people
with Ebola," said Dr. Gary Handler, a professor of psychological counseling at
Monmouth University, psychologist and mental health practitioner. "Your chances
of that happening versus a car accident on the highway are not even comparable.
You're more likely to be in a car accident."

Talking themselves into a calmed state can be harder for those with a greater
propensity for fear, but it makes it even more critical for them to work harder
to stop the fear, said Dr. George Kapalka, the chairman of the psychological
counseling department of Monmouth University.

Ebola, enterovirus fears spur Jackson cleanup

Shore-area residents can take comfort that hospitals continually train for
infectious disease control. The New Jersey Hospital Association and the state
Health Department sent a letter to all acute-care hospitals Friday asking them
to conduct the unannounced drills in their emergency departments this week.

Under the scenario, a person comes in complaining of flu-like symptoms and say
they have recently traveled to a West African country. Patients citing both are
supposed to be immediately isolated in a private room with a private bathroom,
according to CDC guidelines.

Barnabas Health hospitals in Ocean and Monmouth counties conducted their drills
Tuesday. CentraState's emergency department will conduct their drill this week,
however hospital spokeswoman Abbey Luterick declined to say what day to maintain
the integrity of a surprise drill for its staff.

Jersey hospials ready for Ebola

All hospitals tests their procedures regularly, Luterick said. Sunday, for
example, CentraState hosted a drill with emergency responders on how it would
handle a mass food poisoning.

Even before the Ebola concerns, CentraState also had hand sanitizer stations in
its emergency and asked patients with flu-like symptoms to wear masks to prevent
spreading illness. It has added signs asking patients to tell staff about their
travel history.

And while this week's statewide drills are specific to Ebola, the steps
hospitals take are very similar to procedures for any highly contagious and
deadly diseases, said Richard Ridge, executive director for the New Jersey State
Nurses' Association. Those protocols would be similar to those taken for a
patient that would arrive with symptoms associated with anthrax, smallpox and
SARS, he said.

While all hospitals should prepare for the immediate response of a potentially
Ebola-infected patient walking in their doors, Ridge said his association
believes patients diagnosed with Ebola should be transported to one of four
bio-containment units in the country for long-term care.

Those centers -- the nearest to New Jersey is in Maryland -- specialize in this
type of care, and similar steps are taken to transfer, say, burn patients to
hospitals with expertise in burn treatment.

"All nurses want to do is take care of patients and their families and go home
to their own families. It's just a matter of providing the proper environment,"
he said. "Why don't we err on the side of caution?"

How Ebola spreads

o Ebola is not transmitted through the air, but rather is spread through bodily
fluids like blood, urine or mucus. However Ebola symptoms start out similar to
other viral illnesses.

o It is also not spread through food or water, however researchers believe, in
Africa, Ebola may be spread as a result of handling bushmeat and contact with
infected bats.

o Healthcare providers as well as friends and family of Ebola patients are at
the highest risk of getting sick because they may come in contact with infected
blood or body fluids of sick patients. Exposure to Ebola can occur in healthcare
settings where hospital staff are not wearing appropriate protective equipment,
including masks, gowns, gloves and eye protection.

Centers for Disease Control

Ebola symptoms

o Initial symptoms of Ebola are the same as those a person experiences with the
flu, including fever, headache, muscle pain, weakness, diarrhea, vomiting and
stomach pain. Patients may also have unexplained bleeding.

o Symptoms on average appear within eight to 10 days, but can appear anywhere
from two to 21 days after exposure.

o There is no FDA-approved vaccine for Ebola.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              669 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                           February 18, 2012 Saturday
                                  Mich Edition

Miss America ready to retire?

BYLINE: ARIEL B. ROPP

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 576 words


Pearly white smiles, copious glitter and a bejeweled crown atop a face-fanning,
mascara-streaming woman who appears on the verge of fainting. These iconic
images can only mean one thing: the annual Miss America contest.

Like others in the Goshen area, I paid special attention to the 2012 Miss
America Pageant after I learned that a Goshen resident, Jackie Jerlecki, would
be representing Indiana in it.

And like many others, I promptly forgot about the pageant a few minutes later.

I don't mean to belittle Jerlecki or the other competitors. These are women who,
after all, have been successful in school, campaigned for various charitable
causes and generally served as positive role models in their communities and
states. Good for them.

However, what perplexes me is how the pageantry of Miss America could still be
considered relevant in a time when less superficial scholarships are available
to young women and audiences can get their fix of "hot" women elsewhere on
television. Where does this longstanding contest fit in 2012?

When Miss America was established in 1921, it called itself a beauty contest.
Fair enough. Nowadays, though, the organizers like to emphasize the talent and
interview components of the program and prefer the term "scholarship pageant"
instead.

This is interesting given that 35 percent of the contestants' total scores are
based solely on their appearance in bikinis and evening gowns. In keeping with
modern times Miss America claims it's about brains and beauty, but we all know
what is really at stake. A contestant may be smart, talented and driven, but if
she's not deemed pretty enough she's simply not going to win.

It's hard to imagine a world where this would happen to men. Try picturing a
male version of Miss America - "Mr. America," perhaps - in which men are told
they are not pretty enough to win a scholarship. It doesn't seem likely.

Strangely enough, I did get a small taste of this at my high school in Illinois
when my peers and I watched a handful of boys compete in our school's Mr.
Hoffman Hawk pageant each year. Mr. Hoffman Hawk was a place for male students
to dress in drag and try to make the audience laugh by looking as ridiculous as
possible. The winner was usually the contestant who made the biggest mockery of
real beauty pageants.

My high school's fake beauty contest would suggest that at least some Americans
have moved on from the pomp and circumstance of pageants like Miss America.
However, what makes this longstanding national beauty contest truly irrelevant
in 2012 is not that society is ready to stop ogling attractive women, but that
we now have so many alternatives at our disposal.

Just flip a channel or two and you'll inevitably stumble upon a reality show
featuring equally gorgeous and often scantily clad women. And unlike Miss
America contestants, who receive little individual screen time and who are
required to do the same things year after year, female reality show stars at
least have a chance to show off their personalities and build a following. Miss
America - once the singular opportunity to view beautiful, accomplished women -
now just gets lost in the competition.

During a recent perusal of the Miss America website, I noticed that the 2012
winner was described in cotton-candy expressions like "role model and beauty
queen," "trendsetter and leader" and "inspiration for a new generation."

It's too bad I can't remember her name.

Ariel Ropp lives in Goshen.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              670 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                             August 23, 2010 Monday

Strong-arm act belittles group

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: EDITORIALS

LENGTH: 444 words


We'd really like to like MoveOn.org , the progressive advocacy group that aims
to counteract the influence of big-money corporate political campaigns.

But we started to lose faith after its sophomoric attack on Army Gen. David H.
Petraeus ("General Betray Us"), then commander of coalition forces in Iraq, in a
2007 ad campaign.

Its latest attempt to extort and humiliate retailer Target Corp. shows that the
maturity level at headquarters hasn't advanced.

On Tuesday, MoveOn launched a new TV ad targeting Target, urging shoppers to
boycott the chain because of a $150,000 donation it gave to the Minnesota
business advocacy group MN Forward. That group is backing Tom Emmer, the
Republican candidate for Minnesota governor, who is an outspoken opponent of
same-sex marriage.

MoveOn, along with the gay rights advocacy group Human Rights Campaign, has been
pressuring Target for weeks over the donation, wresting an apology from the
company's chief executive and a promise that future political contributions will
be vetted more carefully; Target insists that it gave the money strictly to
support MN Forward's pro-business stance, not to oppose gay rights. That wasn't
good enough for the activists. When Target failed to knuckle under to demands
that it contribute $150,000 to pro-gay-rights candidates, MoveOn hit back with
its boycott campaign.

For MoveOn, the fight is at least as much about corporate money as it is about
gay rights. The Target contribution is a high-profile result of an overreaching
January decision by the Supreme Court that opens the door for more corporate
donations to political campaigns.

But by pointing out Target's involvement in Emmer's campaign and obtaining an
apology, MoveOn and Human Rights Campaign had already won; their calls for a
boycott and attempt to strong-arm money from the company are deeply
counterproductive.

The boycott is cheapened and ultimately rendered ineffective when it becomes a
hair-trigger response by activists irked by minor political transgressions.

Target's contribution to MN Forward should matter far less than the company's
ongoing and long-term commitment to workplace equal rights and its sponsorship
of pro-gay events.

Moreover, the attempt to wrangle an in-kind contribution from Target is
reminiscent of a tactic that appalled gay rights advocates when it was used
against them during the campaign for Proposition 8, California's 2008 initiative
banning same-sex marriage.

Proposition 8 supporters sent letters to big contributors for the opposite side,
threatening to expose them unless they sent an equal donation to their campaign.
It was a distasteful move then, and now.

Los Angeles Times

editorial

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              671 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                             April 1, 2010 Thursday

Don't belittle toxic risks of products;
Economic Scene

BYLINE: David Leonhardt

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 1047 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

ABSTRACT

Tthe United States clearly seems to be on the wrong side of the line about how
to prioritize consumer safety. We are not taking toxic risks seriously enough.

FULL TEXT

For 14 years until just this February, GlaxoSmithKline sold a denture cream
called Super Poligrip that contained high levels of zinc.

The zinc helped with adhesion and was probably safe so long as people used
moderate amounts of cream. Indeed, the human body needs small amounts of zinc to
function. But some people ended up using much larger amounts, and they began to
develop the kind of nerve damage associated with excess zinc.

Johnny Howell of Winston-Salem, North Carolina, who was using a tube of Poligrip
a week, had to quit his job as a car mechanic and now needs a walker to get
around his house. He is 53 years old. Rodney Urbanek, another Poligrip customer,
began using a walker in 2007, at age 63. He died a year later, apparently a
result of a copper deficiency from ''zinc overload,'' according to his autopsy.

The science here still is not completely clear. One researcher I interviewed
said he wanted to see more evidence before being confident that Poligrip was the
problem. But other researchers said they thought the causal chain was clear.
Poligrip has a lot of zinc. Too much zinc causes copper deficiency. A lack of
copper causes nerve damage.

Either way, the evidence has become strong enough that in February,
GlaxoSmithKline stopped making the version of Poligrip with zinc after having
previously resisted just such a move. In Japan, responding to regulators'
concerns, the company has also recalled from stores any remaining zinc-infused
cream.

All of which makes you wonder: Did it have to come this?

Every society needs to make a choice about how to prioritize consumer safety. If
you try too hard to avoid problems, you can end up stifling daily life.
Outlawing gasoline, for instance, would doubtless reduce pollution and
respiratory disease, but no one is suggesting such a step. Europe, with its
hostility to genetically modified foods, arguably errs on the side of being too
cautious about chemicals and other such substances.

But the United States clearly seems to be on the other side of the line. We are
not taking toxic risks seriously enough.

Several common diseases, like certain cancers and developmental disorders, have
been rising in recent decades, and scientists are not sure why. In some cases,
evidence suggests chemicals may be the reason.

Nobody can be sure, though. The science is not far enough along, partly because
our regulation of toxins is so limp. Companies don't have to release much of
their internal safety data. And regulators face a terribly high burden of proof.
They can often take action only after they have demonstrated that a substance is
harmful - a task that corporate secrecy can make impossible.

The story of denture cream and zinc is a good example. A dentist in the U.S.
Navy noticed the link between zinc and copper deficiency in the 1950s, according
to Dr. Harold Sandstead of the University of Texas Medical Branch. Studies in
later years confirmed the relationship. Early last decade, researchers made the
connection from excess zinc to copper deficiency to neurological problems.
''It's nothing new,'' Peter Hedera, a Vanderbilt University neurologist, told
me. ''If you researched the field, you would find out.''

In 2008, Dr. Sharon Nations of the University of Texas Southwestern Medical
Center at Dallas and other researchers published a study in the journal
Neurology that took the research one step further. It specifically tied denture
cream to severe neuropathy. Dr. Hedera followed up that study with another one,
analyzing 11 patients with high, unexplained zinc levels. To his surprise, all
11 turned out to be heavy users of denture cream.

Yet even after those studies appeared, GlaxoSmithKline continued to sell
Poligrip. The company simply inserted a small piece of paper into the product's
box containing some mild statements that barely even seemed to be warnings. The
headline on the insert was, ''For Best Results Start With a Small Amount.''

Perhaps even more questionable than GlaxoSmithKline's response has been that of
Procter & Gamble, the giant consumer products company that also makes Crest,
Tide, Pampers and Head & Shoulders. Procter is still selling a denture cream
with zinc in it. Why? The cream, Fixodent, has only about half as much zinc as
Poligrip did.

Even so, it may be enough to cause problems. Some of the 11 patients in the
Hedera study were Fixodent users. ''I would withdraw both'' - not just Poligrip
but also Fixodent, Dr. Hedera says.

It's too late to prevent much of whatever damage has been caused by denture
cream. But it is not too late to prevent the next such problem, and there will
be a next one. Companies are just not going to regulate themselves. Their
mission is to make money, and they pursue it well. They have shown again and
again - with lead in paint, mercury in canned tuna and zinc in denture cream -
that they are less zealous about protecting consumer safety. Many executives
choose to believe, and to publicize, the studies that make their products look
good, while casting doubt on studies that don't.

Fortunately, there are some reasons for optimism. Lisa P. Jackson, the
administrator of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, appears to take toxic
risks more seriously than recent predecessors. Congress also plans to take up a
bill this year that would update toxic regulations. As my colleague Charles
Duhigg has reported, recent court rulings have helped neuter the existing
regulations. The chemical industry seems less opposed to a regulatory overhaul,
in part because lax regulation may help low-cost Chinese chemical companies more
than American firms.

Needless to say, new regulations have their drawbacks. They could deprive us of
products that would have made life better or less expensive and that, despite
early indications to the contrary, turned out to be safe. Think for a minute
about all the Poligrip users who liked the product, were using it without
problems and can't do so anymore.

On the other hand, if you have a friend or family member with dentures, don't
you wish GlaxoSmithKline and Procter & Gamble had been more up front about the
apparent risks?

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              672 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                             April 1, 2010 Thursday

Don't belittle toxic risks of products;
Economic Scene

BYLINE: David Leonhardt

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 1048 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

ABSTRACT

Tthe United States clearly seems to be on the wrong side of the line about how
to prioritize consumer safety. We are not taking toxic risks seriously enough.

FULL TEXT

For 14 years until just this February, GlaxoSmithKline sold a denture cream
called Super Poligrip that contained high levels of zinc.

The zinc helped with adhesion and was probably safe so long as people used
moderate amounts of cream. Indeed, the human body needs small amounts of zinc to
function. But some people ended up using much larger amounts, and they began to
develop the kind of nerve damage associated with excess zinc.

Johnny Howell of Winston-Salem, North Carolina, who was using a tube of Poligrip
a week, had to quit his job as a car mechanic and now needs a walker to get
around his house. He is 53 years old. Rodney Urbanek, another Poligrip customer,
began using a walker in 2007, at age 63. He died a year later, apparently a
result of a copper deficiency from ''zinc overload,'' according to his autopsy.

Now, the science here still is not completely clear. One researcher I
interviewed said he wanted to see more evidence before being confident that
Poligrip was the problem. Other researchers said they thought the causal chain
was clear. Poligrip has a lot of zinc. Too much zinc causes copper deficiency. A
lack of copper causes nerve damage.

Either way, the evidence has become strong enough that in February,
GlaxoSmithKline stopped making the version of Poligrip with zinc after having
previously resisted just such a move. In Japan, responding to regulators'
concerns, the company has also recalled from stores any remaining zinc-infused
cream.

All of which makes you wonder: Did it have to come this?

Every society needs to make a choice about how to prioritize consumer safety. If
you try too hard to avoid problems, you can end up stifling daily life.
Outlawing gasoline, for instance, would doubtless reduce pollution and
respiratory disease, but no one is suggesting such a step. Europe, with its
hostility to genetically modified foods, arguably errs on the side of being too
cautious about chemicals and other such substances.

But the United States clearly seems to be on the other side of the line. We are
not taking toxic risks seriously enough.

Several common diseases, like certain cancers and developmental disorders, have
been rising in recent decades, and scientists are not sure why. In some cases,
evidence suggests chemicals may be the reason.

Nobody can be sure, though. The science is not far enough along, partly because
our regulation of toxins is so limp. Companies don't have to release much of
their internal safety data. And regulators face a terribly high burden of proof.
They can often take action only after they have demonstrated that a substance is
harmful - a task that corporate secrecy can make impossible.

The story of denture cream and zinc is a good example. A dentist in the U.S.
Navy noticed the link between zinc and copper deficiency in the 1950s, according
to Dr. Harold Sandstead of the University of Texas Medical Branch. Studies in
later years confirmed the relationship. Early last decade, researchers made the
connection from excess zinc to copper deficiency to neurological problems.
''It's nothing new,'' Peter Hedera, a Vanderbilt University neurologist, told
me. ''If you researched the field, you would find out.''

In 2008, Dr. Sharon Nations of the University of Texas Southwestern Medical
Center at Dallas and other researchers published a study in the journal
Neurology that took the research one step further. It specifically tied denture
cream to severe neuropathy. Dr. Hedera followed up that study with another one
analyzing 11 patients with high, unexplained zinc levels. To his surprise, all
11 turned out to be heavy users of denture cream.

Yet even after those studies appeared, GlaxoSmithKline continued to sell
Poligrip. The company simply inserted a small piece of paper into the product's
box containing some mild statements that barely even seemed to be warnings. The
headline on the insert was, ''For Best Results Start With a Small Amount.''

Perhaps even more questionable than GlaxoSmithKline's response has been that of
Procter & Gamble, the giant consumer products company that also makes Crest,
Tide, Pampers and Head & Shoulders. Procter is still selling a denture cream
with zinc in it. Why? The cream, Fixodent, has only about half as much zinc as
Poligrip did.

Even so, it may be enough to cause problems. Some of the 11 patients in the
Hedera study were Fixodent users. ''I would withdraw both'' - not just Poligrip
but also Fixodent, Dr. Hedera says.

It's too late to prevent much of whatever damage has been caused by denture
cream. But it is not too late to prevent the next such problem, and there will
be a next one. Companies are just not going to regulate themselves. Their
mission is to make money, and they pursue it well. They have shown again and
again - with lead in paint, mercury in canned tuna and zinc in denture cream -
that they are less zealous about protecting consumer safety. Many executives
choose to believe, and to publicize, the studies that make their products look
good, while casting doubt on studies that don't.

Fortunately, there are some reasons for optimism. Lisa P. Jackson, the
administrator of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, appears to take toxic
risks more seriously than recent predecessors. Congress also plans to take up a
bill this year that would update toxic regulations. As my colleague Charles
Duhigg has reported, recent court rulings have helped neuter the existing
regulations. The chemical industry seems less opposed to a regulatory overhaul,
in part because lax regulation may help low-cost Chinese chemical companies more
than American firms.

Needless to say, new regulations have their drawbacks. They could deprive us of
products that would have made life better or cheaper and that, despite some
early indications to the contrary, turned out to be perfectly safe. Think for a
minute about all the Poligrip users who liked the product, were using it without
problems and can't do so anymore.

On the other hand, if you have a friend or family member with dentures, don't
you wish GlaxoSmithKline and Procter & Gamble had been more up front about the
apparent risks?

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              673 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           November 22, 2007 Thursday

Clinton belittles Obama as campaign hots up

BYLINE: Michael Finnegan in Conway, New Hampshire, and Dan Balz in Washington

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 825 words


United States: In a day of attacks and parries over the credentials of the
Democratic candidates for president, Hillary Clinton belittled Barack Obama,
John Edwards tweaked Ms Clinton and - in the oddest twist - US president George
Bush praised the former first lady's experience.

On Tuesday, the Democratic race for president at last looked more like a shoving
match than a civil airing of policy differences.

The volleys came as Mrs Clinton also began fighting back against Republican
White House contenders who have tried to strengthen their standing among
conservatives by airing television advertisements against her.

Facing a dip in her Iowa and New Hampshire poll ratings, Mrs Clinton responded
with an advertisement saying the "old Republican attack machine is back", going
after her because of her strength and experience.

Yet Mrs Clinton's assault against both Mr Obama and her Republican critics
underscored the relative fragility of her status as the frontrunner for the
Democratic nomination.

In Iowa, which kicks off the presidential races with its January 3rd caucuses,
Mr Obama and Mrs Clinton are virtually tied in the polls. Mr Edwards, the former
North Carolina senator, is close behind. Mrs Clinton's lead in New Hampshire has
narrowed.

Most unusual was the intervention of Mr Bush. Calling Mrs Clinton a "very
formidable candidate", the Republican president told ABC News: "There is no
question that Senator Clinton understands pressure better than any of the
candidates, you know, in the race."

Meanwhile, Mrs Clinton ridiculed Mr Obama for saying the day before that his
strongest experience in foreign relations was living in Indonesia from the age
of six to 10.

Mrs Clinton said that as a first lady and senator she had "met with countless
world leaders and known them personally".

"Now voters will judge whether living in a foreign country at the age of 10
prepares one to face the big, complex international challenges the next
president will face," she told a crowd in Shenandoah, Iowa.

Campaigning in the snowbound lakes region of central New Hampshire, Mr Obama
responded by criticising Mrs Clinton's Senate vote to authorise the Iraq war. "I
was wondering which world leader told her that we needed to invade Iraq, because
that is the conventional thinking that we're going to have to break," Mr Obama
said.

The Edwards campaign mocked Mrs Clinton for her remarks on Mr Obama's life in
Indonesia. "Now we know what Senator Clinton meant when she talked about
'throwing mud' in the last debate," Mr Edwards's communications director, Chris
Kofinis, said.

"Like so many other things, when it comes to mud, Hillary Clinton says one thing
and throws another."

One Republican candidate, former New York mayor Rudolph Giuliani, took a swipe
at Mrs Clinton in Chicago. "Senator Clinton has had so many different positions
on Iraq, I would not want to be the one to state her most current position,
because I'd probably get it wrong," he said, adding that Mr Obama, by contrast,
has stood "clearly against the war".

Meanwhile, the former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee, buoyed by strong support
from Christian conservatives, has surged past three of his better-known rivals
and is now challenging former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney for the lead in
the Iowa Republican caucuses, according to a new poll.

Mr Huckabee has tripled his support in Iowa since late July, eclipsing Mr
Giuliani, former senator Fred Thompson of Tennessee and senator John McCain of
Arizona.

Mr Huckabee now runs almost evenly with Mr Romney, the longtime Iowa
frontrunner.

Mr Huckabee's rise from dark horse to contender in Iowa is one more unexpected
twist in a race that has remained fluid throughout the year and adds another
unpredictable element to the competition for the Republican nomination.

Still, there are other signs in the poll suggesting that Mr Romney remains the
candidate to beat in the state and that gains for Mr Huckabee may be harder to
achieve in the next 41 days than they were over the past four months.

Mr Romney outperforms Mr Huckabee and other Republicans on key attributes, with
two notable exceptions - perceptions of which candidate best understands
people's problems and which candidate is the most honest and trustworthy. On
both, they are tied. At the same time, Iowa Republicans see the former Arkansas
governor as less credible than Mr Romney, Mr Giuliani or Mr McCain on some top
issues.

Mr Huckabee's gains were concentrated among the party's conservative core. He
saw a 28 percentage point jump in support from evangelical Protestants, to 44
per cent, and a 19 point rise among conservatives, to 30 per cent.

But despite these advantages, Mr Huckabee's support comes almost exclusively
from certain voters. His challenge will be to expand his appeal. Almost seven in
10 of those who back him are evangelical Protestants. Mr Romney, by contrast,
has more broadly-based support. - (LA Times-Washington Post service)

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              674 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                          September 5, 2007 Wednesday

Tourism from

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 8a

LENGTH: 409 words


Few people belittle the beauty of the design of the Canadian dollar coin. It was
the Canadians themselves who affectionately hung the coin's nickname on it -
"the loonie." The coin's obverse features a graceful bird of northern climes,
the loon.

There are many North Dakotans who've had reason to appreciate the Canadian
dollar in 2007. In good part, because of an exchange rate that has put the two
countries' dollars near parity, Canadians have visited their neighbors to the
south in large numbers. The rate Tuesday had $1.05 Canadian being exchanged for
$1 U.S.

But it should be stressed that Canadians are good visitors aside from their
spending.

They've shown a keen interest in touring North Dakota. About a quarter of all
the nonresident visitors to state parks so far in 2007 have been Canadians.
That's up substantially from just a couple of years earlier, when they were 13
percent of the tourists from out of state.

Give a share of the credit for attracting visitors from Canada to the tourism
division of the state's Department of Commerce and to convention and tourist
bureaus of North Dakota cities, including the Bismarck-Mandan bureau. The state
agency has spent more than $375,000 to date this year for advertising in
Canadian media, while the local visitor's bureau has devoted $20,000 to inserts
and ad buys north of the border.

The result has been a noticeable increase in the visibility of license plates
from Saskatchewan, targeted in the advertising campaign, but the plates on cars
from Manitoba and other provinces have been represented as well, seen on
vehicles cruising the streets of Medora or heading toward the units of Theodore
Roosevelt National Park.

Several of the state parks seem to be favorites among Canadians, according to
the state Parks and Recreation Department. Good levels of usage of the parks
benefits everyone, North Dakotans and Canadians alike.

The cross-border traffic numbers argue in favor of making it as convenient as
possible - in the face of the 21st century realities of national security
concerns on both nations' parts - for visitors to go through border crossings.

Sara Otte Coleman, director of the tourism division, said in a Tribune article
written by Crystal Reid that traffic at some of the crossing points has reached
a record-breaking level.

Let's all hope it stays that way. It's a good thing for travelers to see signs
that say, "Welcome," or in some places, "Bienvenue."

Canada is up

and welcome

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2007 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              675 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                             May 26, 2007 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Yo ho ho 'n a load of fun

BYLINE: The Canberra Times

SECTION: A; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 375  words


THREE stars don't belittle the enjoyment values of Gore Verbinski's 168 minutes
of rollicking Yo ho ho and a bottle of rum me hearties, scuttle the scuppers and
jigger the jib, avast there ye lubbers, totally ridiculous film, riddled with
unattainable fantasy situations, anachronisms, historical goofs and delightful
foolishness.

Pirates 3 resembles a Chinese banquet paid for by somebody else; great while in
progress but afterwards, not an event you feel compelled to mull over, discuss
with friends, analyse or agonise about. Its first Canberra screening had a much
bigger audience than openings of many other "blockbusters" and the number of
young people staying to the end of its long closing credits was pleasing.

It begins with suspension of all civil rights to justify a mass hanging of
pirates, who the East India Trading Company is determined to exterminate.

But Barbossa (Geoffrey Rush), Will (Orlando Bloom) and Elizabeth (Keira
Knightley) remain free and determined to find and destroy the locker containing
the living heart of Davy Jones (Bill Nighy). Give them the ships and crews and
they'll do the job.

Jack Sparrow (Johnny Depp) returns from the dead, and from that point, the film
is a rush of nautical fatuities, utterly impractical but great fun to see and
hear. The Pirate Lords combine to make common cause in their bid to keep plying
their nefarious trade while the company's fleet pursues them to World's End,
where the ocean tumbles over a huge cliff and down a giant plug- hole into an
enormous maelstrom. Here cinematic imagination and special effects are executed
with brio and style, culminating in a joyously destructive naval battle of
wondrous complexity.

As Jack Sparrow, a poltroon anti-hero of no redeeming value but personable in a
perverse way, Depp performs with vigour and great comic skill. Rush copes well
with dialogue that might have sunk a lesser actor. Knightley looks exciting but
when delivering a dramatic exhortation to valour, she stumbles a bit. Nighy
can't put a foot wrong in my book and, behind his cephalopodan prosthesis,
doesn't. And there are many other admirable minor performances.

So three big bright stars for a film of which only a mean-spirited curmudgeon
would deny that it delivers great fun.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2007 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              676 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                             March 13, 2005 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

SHERIFF WAS WRONG TO BELITTLE THE ARTS IN PLEA FOR FUNDING

SECTION: VIEWPOINTS; Pg. I5

LENGTH: 182 words


I was dismayed to read that Sheriff Patrick Gallivan disparaged the arts as part
of his testimony pertaining to the budget crisis. The fact of the matter is that
the arts are just about the only thing in our community that work properly.

The arts are what give us the quality of life that makes this a worthwhile place
to live; and it is our arts and our cultural scene that are the most important
revenue generators we have in this area.

Thousands of people come to Western New York to hear our Philharmonic, visit our
galleries and attend our theaters. I have never heard of anyone visiting a place
to see its cops. When the Albright-Knox Art Gallery hosted the Monet show, local
restaurants and hotels all benefited by the income that was generated.

Public safety is certainly important, but the Sheriff's Department is overhead,
not an income generator. The department generally impresses me as being well
run, but that is the minimum we should expect from our elected officials.
Leadership is also called for, and Gallivan's remarks fell far short of
leadership.

William C. Altreuter

Buffalo

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTERS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 The Buffalo News


                              677 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                           The Ledger (Lakeland, FL)

                             July 5, 2003, Saturday

DRIVE-BY SERMON; CHURCHES' WIT AND WISDOM A SIGN OF FAITH

BYLINE: REBECCA MAHONEY The Ledger

SECTION: Life; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 533 words


Bill Leahy knows there are some parishioners who can't make it to church on
Sunday.

So the Crestview Baptist Church education minister gives them a "sentence
sermon" instead.

"GOD ANSWERS KNEE-MAIL. SEND SOME." he writes on the church's marquee, which
faces Old Polk City Road in Lakeland.

And on the other side: "TO BELITTLE IS TO BE LITTLE."

"They're fun, they're spiritual, and they mean something to people," said Leahy,
who is responsible for selecting the messages on the church marquee. "These
signs have a great outreach potential for us and the community."

Crestview is one of a growing number of churches across the country that are
using pithy, humorous sayings on their marquees in the hopes of drawing in
parishioners and spreading religious messages.

While these marquees are often simply clever twists on words, they also carry a
thought-provoking message.

Consider these signs, for example, recently seen on church marquees in Polk
County.

"The Best Vitamin for a Christian is a B One," read the sign at Highlands Church
of Christ on 37B in Lakeland.

"Seven Days Without Church Makes One Weak," the marquee at Christina Park
Baptist Church on 540A in Lakeland advises.

"There are No Nonbelievers in Hell"

Others seen recently in Polk include:

"Under the Same Management for 2,000 years."

"Wal-Mart isn't the only Saving Place"

"Life is Short. Pray Hard."

The signs may be cute, but they can have a serious impact, said James Harvey,
author of "701 Sentence Sermons: Attention Getting Quotes for Church Signs,
Bulletins, Newsletters and Sermons." (Kregel, $ 8.79)

"Sometimes, people see these signs as if they're signs from God," he said.
"People are driving by and seeing them and talking about them at work, and
that's really what you want to have happen."

Church signs used to be for more solemn purposes -- to announce church service
times or publicize special events. But over the past decade, churches have
discovered that these so-called "sentence sermons" can be a powerful ministry in
their own right.

"People will actually come to church because of the signs," Harvey said. "This
is an outreach program that churches can do at very little cost."

The phenomenon is popular with churches throughout the South and the Midwest,
Harvey said, but hasn't caught on in New England or the West. It also doesn't
appear to be catching on in other countries, he said.

Meanwhile, many ministers and pastors now pass their favorite marquee sayings
along to other churches. Leahy, of Crestview Baptist, gets many of his via
e-mail.

"I've always thought that up here (in North Lakeland), with the amount of
traffic on this road, that it's just a shame not to put up something that's
really relative, something that gets (people) thinking," he said.

And while Leahy isn't sure the signs have helped boost attendance, he says he's
confident they are reaching out to people.

"I really think they help people," he said. "They make you think about your
family, maybe make you focus on God a little bit. Anything that does that is a
good thing."

Rebecca Mahoney can be reached at 863-802-7548 or rebecca.mahoney@theledger.com.


LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ERNST PETERS/Ledger photos: Quirky church signs not only offer a cute
saying, but also act as a ministry of sorts; A "sentence sermon" can get a
message across at very little cost; The sign at Christina Park Baptist Church,
left, offers service times as well as a "sentence sermon." The signs, such as
this one at Church of Christ, above right, are popular throughout the South and
the Midwest, but hasn't caught on in New England or the West.

             Copyright 2003 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                              678 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            March 6, 2003, Thursday

KLITSCHKO BELITTLES JONES

BYLINE: GEORGE WILLIS

SECTION: Sport+Late City Final; Pg. 060

LENGTH: 391 words


Wladimir Klitschko thinks Roy Jones Jr.'s victory over John Ruiz last Saturday
in Las Vegas was good entertainment, but he advises the new WBA heavyweight
champion to think twice about remaining a heavyweight.

"I understand boxing is show business and Mr. Jones is a very good entertainer
and show businessman," Klitschko said during a conference call yesterday. "But
against the real heavyweight guys like [Lennox] Lewis or Michael Grant or with
me, he has no chance."

While Ruiz's merits as a heavyweight have been belittled since Jones won a
12-round unanimous decision, there's no second-guessing Klitschko's
qualifications. At 6-foot-7, 240 pounds, he would tower over Jones by eight
inches and outweigh him by almost 50 pounds. His 40-1-0 record with 37 KOs makes
him one of the top five heavyweights in the world.

The difference between Klitschko and Jones will be on display Saturday night
when HBO pairs a replay of Jones' historic win over Ruiz with Klitschko's live
fight against South African Corrie Sanders in Germany.

Wladimir along with brother Vitali, the No.1 contender in the WBC and WBA, are
awaiting their opportunities for a shot at one of the heavyweight belts owned by
Jones (WBA), Lewis (WBC) and Chris Byrd (IBF). While very popular in Europe, the
Klitschko brothers from the Ukraine are just now getting the name recognition
needed to be part of a big boxing promotion in America.

"We have to fight more in the United States so it will be easier for us to get
big fights," said Wladimir, who won the 1996 Olympic heavyweight gold medal.
"The bigger the name Klitschko is in the United States, we will be able to get
the fights like [Mike] Tyson, Lewis and [Evander] Holyfield."

Vitali (32-1-0 with 31 KOs) thought he had a fight against Lewis scheduled for
April, but Lewis backed out and is looking for rematch with Tyson. Vitali, 31,
has filed suit against the WBC to force Lewis into a mandatory defense.

Wladimir, 26, is hoping a good showing Saturday will keep his name in the
running for a title shot. Sanders (38-2, 28 KOs) is 37 and has fought only three
rounds since being knocked out by Hasim Rahman nearly three years ago.

"To win the fight is important but to dominate the fight is important, too,"
said Klitschko. "That's why I prepared hard. On Saturday I will give my best."

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              679 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 30, 2001 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Green Belittles Ferrer's View On City's Crisis

BYLINE:  By ADAM NAGOURNEY and DEXTER FILKINS

SECTION: Section 1A; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 1162 words


Invoking the World Trade Center attack in his campaign for mayor, Mark Green
yesterday charged that Fernando Ferrer had been "largely silent" as New York
leaders began debating how to rebuild the city and guard against future attacks.
Mr. Green mocked the assertion by Mr. Ferrer, the Bronx borough president, that
his work rebuilding the Bronx had prepared him to deal with the crisis in
downtown Manhattan.

"The planes that attacked the World Trade Center did not attack the Bronx, with
all due respect," Mr. Green said, for the first time directly engaging his rival
in the two-way run-off for the Democratic nomination on Oct. 11.

Mr. Green, at what had otherwise been a routine news conference announcing
endorsements by elected officials, abruptly broke into what was by far the
toughest attack he has made against any opponent during this contest. He said
that the mayoral candidates "have an obligation to have thoughtful, large plans
to respond to this large, unprecedented crisis," and noted that he had proposed
the creation of a city-state public authority to oversee reconstruction.

"The borough president of the Bronx reflected a business-as-usual and
politics-as-usual attitude by first comparing the unprecedented criminal attack
on the World Trade Center to -- his words -- the rubble he inherited in the
Bronx 14 years ago and by being largely silent on how he would respond to the
needs of reconstruction, economic development and security," he said.

In an interview later, Mr. Ferrer responded that Mr. Green, the city's public
advocate, was going on the attack because "he needs to say these things to win
an election." He caustically took note of the fact that Mr. Green -- unlike Mr.
Ferrer -- had supported a request by Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani to extend his
term by perhaps three months.

"It seems to me that just a few days ago, you and I heard Mark pledge that he
would not engage in negative campaigning," he said. "And it was just a few days
ago that you and I heard Mark Green say that we should follow the rule of law
and have an orderly rule of transition on the schedule set by law. So the
question is, what caused Mark to abandon his principles and break his word?"

Mr. Ferrer declined to respond in detail to Mr. Green's contentions. But he said
again yesterday that he could direct the rebuilding of Lower Manhattan without
scaling back any of the proposals he had already put before the voters. "Of
course I have a framework for rebuilding our city, while simultaneously
protecting our commitment to education, after-school programs, health care and
housing," he said.

The remarks by Mr. Green signaled a quick ratcheting up of the contest, and came
at a time when the public advocate seemed on the defensive about his decision to
support Mr. Giuliani's effort to extend his term as a way of easing the
transition during a difficult time. Mr. Ferrer, campaigning in Harlem and the
Bronx, suggested that Mr. Green had no business running for the city's highest
office if he was not ready to take over on Jan. 1, as proscribed by law. "Why is
a candidate wasting the time of the electorate if he is not ready for a crisis?"
he said.

Mr. Green raised the subject of the trade center on his own during an awkward
moment at his news conference at Brooklyn Borough Hall. About a dozen Democratic
officials who were endorsing him were asked by reporters to display, by a show
of hands, whether they agreed with Mr. Green that Mr. Giuliani's term should be
extended. Only one hand went up. That is when Mr. Green took the microphone and
criticized Mr. Ferrer's response to the twin towers attack.

"The Bronx 14 years ago has very little to do with the crisis in downtown
Manhattan, New York, and the world now," he said. "The way to respond to this
crisis is not with small historical references, but the kind of large plans I've
proposed."

All the major mayoral candidates in the primary avoided campaigning for the
first week after terrorists crashed two jets into the twin towers, and did not
discuss what they would do to deal with the disaster. Since the primary on
Tuesday, the World Trade Center has been a regular feature in the campaigns of
both Mr. Green and Michael R. Bloomberg, the Republican nominee.

Mr. Green, in a series of news conferences and interviews, has proposed the
creation of the city-state public authority to oversee the reconstruction, and
endorsed various measures, including increased surveillance in public places and
increased security in the city. Mr. Bloomberg included a shot of the World Trade
Center site in a new advertisement, and held a news conference with New Yorker's
altered downtown skyline behind him last week. He recently rode a ferry around
Manhattan to encourage people to use public transit as the trade center cleanup
continues to jam the roads.

Mr. Ferrer, by contrast, has only slightly modified the message that has been
part of his central appeal; he expresses deep concern about what happened in
Lower Manhattan, but at the same time returns to his call for the city to pay
attention to improving health care, education and housing.

In the days after the attack, Mr. Ferrer said he believed that the
reconstruction should be spread out across New York, and not concentrated in the
financial district. He also said that while there had to be some increases in
security, the city had to take care to guard against infringements on civil
rights.

And Mr. Ferrer has repeatedly argued that his experience in helping to rebuild
the Bronx would equip him to guide the redevelopment of downtown. "There is a
framework for revival that I am familiar with," Mr. Ferrer said recently.

Mostly though, as he has stepped up his campaign since winning a spot in the
run-off in Tuesday, Mr. Ferrer has taken pains to say that the rebuilding effort
should not eclipse the need to deal with the issues that he has raised
throughout his campaign. "There are other pressing problems facing New York," he
told a crowd of supporters at the Puck Building, as they celebrated his
first-place finish in Tuesday's Democratic primary. "The towers may have
crumbled, but our commitments have not."

Mr. Green called Mr. Ferrer's idea of dispersing construction "a very
short-sighted and flawed approach."

"The terrorists presumably attacked downtown Manhattan because it was both the
symbol of America and the heart of financial services in the country," he said.
"If they attacked downtown Manhattan because it was the heart of financial
services, you have to rebuild downtown so it stays the heart of financial
services."

Mr. Green also aggressively defended his support of Mr. Giuliani's term
extension. "I read that the borough president said, 'What's different about this
transition?' " Mr. Green said.

"What's different is that we lost 100,000 jobs in a month. What's different is
that it's going to cost $40 billion and a year to clean up. What's different is
7,000 are perhaps dead under the rubble a few blocks away."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Mark Green assailed his rival in Tuesday's Democratic run-off,
Fernando Ferrer, as being "largely silent" on the trade center attack. (Kevin P.
Coughlin for The New York Times); Fernando Ferrer, with a supporter, the Rev. Al
Sharpton. Mr. Ferrer has remained committed to social programs in the wake of
the attack. (Frances Roberts for The New York Times)(pg. A36)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              680 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                         June 8, 2000, Thursday, FINAL

Cowboy crooner Tyson belittles B.C. politics 'n' California lifestyles

BYLINE: Larry Pynn, Sun Country Music Critic

SECTION: Queue; C7

LENGTH: 302 words


It's been close to half a century since Ian Tyson's experience as a young
labourer with B.C.'s gyppo logging outfits moved him to write ''all the big
stands of timber, just waiting for falling,'' from the classic Summer Wages.

Tyson long ago traded his hard hat and caulk boots for chaps and spurs, giving
up the rigours of the coastal logging camps for the satisfaction of his own
Alberta horse ranch. But whenever he returns to Vancouver -- as he does tonight
at the Vogue -- he cannot help but consider the changes sweeping the forest
industry.

''Those were epic days and those days are gone,'' says the Victoria-born folk
singer. ''It's over -- and it's time. I don't think anyone with all their
marbles would espouse clearcut logging. But logging still has it's place --
selective logging. I think B.C. is going the right way in spite of your weird
and crazy politics.''

When it comes to rodeos -- something the former bareback bronc rider knows
considerably more about -- Tyson says he cannot understand all the pressure on
the West Coast to put 'em out of business. ''You guys kind of ape California,''
he says. ''And in California, they only want gay and lesbian rodeos, I guess.''

To Tyson, who's created himself a niche from the celebration of cowboy culture,
much of the criticism is borne of ignorance, and fails to appreciate that much
of the rodeo livestock would be hamburger without a cowboy on top. ''You can't
make a horse or bull buck if they don't want to,'' he adds. ''They definitely
participate. And they genuinely love smashing cowboys into the ground.''

Tyson confesses he wasn't much good at the sport, but it all made for great
musical fodder. ''I had lots of fun. And it gave me some really good songs and a
bad ankle. So I think it was a pretty fair bargain.''


LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: P Photo: Ian Tyson has been Alberta-bound on his ranch a long time.

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              681 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                October 1, 1999, Friday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

JESSE VENTURA BELITTLES RELIGION AND FAT PEOPLE IN PLAYBOY INTERVIEW

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A2

LENGTH: 305 words

DATELINE: ST. PAUL, MINN.


Gov. Jesse Ventura, the former pro wrestler whose frank talk got him elected in
an upset last fall, has given an interview to Playboy magazine in which he aims
barbs at religion and fat people and declares that the Navy's Tailhook scandal
was overblown.

The interview hits newsstands Monday. In it, Ventura calls for the regulation of
illegal drugs, with the creation of "places where the addict can go get it."

He pronounces organized religion "a sham and a crutch for weak-minded people,"
and blames it for the unpopularity of legalized prostitution, which he has said
should be considered.

He also says that President John F. Kennedy was killed by assassins hired by the
"military-industrial complex" because he was planning to withdraw from Vietnam.

He further declares that Tailhook was "much ado about nothing" and says that fat
people "can't push away from the table."

On being governor, he says: "It's good to be king. The best thing is that
there's no one in this state who can tell me what to do."

On Thursday, political opponents and his own party denounced Ventura.

"Minnesotans do not embrace your views on religion, on women, on prostitution,
on drugs or conspiracy," Senate Majority Leader Roger Moe, a Democrat, said at a
news conference.

State Republican chairman Ron Eibensteiner said Ventura should consider stepping
down because his "attacks show he has a fundamental lack of understanding of the
world he lives in."

Reform Party Chairman Russ Verney said he had been deluged with calls and was
extremely distressed, especially about the comments on faith and Tailhook. "We
have been building the Reform Party based on principles, integrity and values
and this story is just so humiliating," Verney said. "It is contrary to
everything we have been building in the Reform Party."

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO Photo headshot by THE ASSOCIATED PRESS - Minnesota Gov. Jessse
Ventura details his views in an interview in November's Playboy magazine.

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              682 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                    September 17, 1999 Friday Final Edition

NFL COACH USES DVD TECHNOLOGY;
BALTIMORE RAVENS OFFICIAL HAS EARNED A REPUTATION AS AN INNOVATOR WHO MAKES THE
MOST OF NEW TOOLS.

BYLINE: TODD HARMONSON, THE ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 420 words


Call him a geek, if you dare. If being a bit of a nerd helps him win in the NFL,
pass the pocket protector as he designs a play to beat you deep.

So what if some of his competitors are only now waking up and smelling the '90s?
Brian Billick of the Baltimore Ravens is a high-tech coach for new millennium, a
fan of computers, digital video and virtual reality who answered an e-mail
request for an interview.

Besides, who's going to belittle Billick -- an honorable mention All-America
tight end at BYU and one of the hottest young coaches in the league -- for his
technological savvy?

Certainly not someone who watched him in action for years.

"He's the real visionary when it comes to using technology in the NFL," said
Mike Eayrs, the Minnesota Vikings' director of research and development, who
worked with Billick during his stint as Vikings' offensive coordinator.

During his time in Minnesota, Billick earned a reputation as an innovator who
made the most of the tools at his disposal. He takes a similar approach with the
computers and digital video machines he uses in Baltimore.

He doesn't look at them as the solutions to problems presented by facing teams
in the AFC Central such as the Jacksonville Jaguars and Pittsburgh Steelers. But
they help him prepare and teach in a manner that is far more time-efficient than
what he was able to do in the past.

SAVING TIME

"We're able to get so much more done now," Billick said. "It still seems like
there's never enough time to do all we want, but there's a lot less wasted
time."

Digital video has been the biggest help, Billick said. Instead of wading through
hours of tape to find the information he wants, he can jump instantly to what he
needs to see.

"The best comparison is between an audiocassette and a compact disc," Billick
said. "If you're listening to a tape and want to jump to track five, you have to
fast forward and wait to get there. But if you're listening to a CD, you can get
to track five simply by pushing a button. That saves us so much time."

Billick understands the latest technological gizmos won't take the Ravens from
their struggles to the Super Bowl, but they will help accelerate the learning
process.

"This is a different generation of football player," Billick said. "If you stood
at a chalkboard or a grease board and talked for an hour, you would see guys
nodding off in the room.

"But if you can show them something on video with colour and graphics, you can
keep their attention and they will learn."

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              683 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            August 11, 1996, Sunday

Don't belittle 'this awareness stuff'

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; LETTERS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 849 words



Editor: After reading staff writer Teresa Brown's Aug. 4 Times article  Schools,
workers differ on race bias, regarding the complaints voiced by Mr.  Carr and
Mr. Austin (black employees in the school system's plant operations
department), relative to the need for fair and equal treatment for black
employees, I am completely appalled by the handling of this complaint.

Having lived in the area of human relations for more than 70 years; having
graduated with a B.A. in the humanities; having drafted a program for the New
York City Department of Health titled "Bearing and Rearing Children of Good
Will" and being awarded for the same by the Department of Health and by the
South Jamaica Community Council where I served as human relations chairperson,
I cannot fathom racial insults being accorded employees by their supervisors  in
this enlightened (?) day.

Twenty years ago, our daughter was teaching police officers and others of  the
ways and means to combat racism. She has her master's degree in human  relations
and is now a professor - still teaching.

Larry Spencer, the school district's director of human resources and staff
development, denies any major problem at the school plant. Still, he thinks  the
school district could benefit from diversity training for employees. He  negates
his whole effort of seemingly ameliorating the situation by stating  it's good
for any operation with a diverse population to go "through this  awareness
stuff."

Mr. Spencer, combating racism in America is one of our nation's biggest and
most costly problems. May I remind you that Martin Luther King Jr. died trying
to propel this "awareness stuff." But no, his great works can never be
relegated to Mr. Spencer's crude terms.

By my involvement with the many wonderful organizations here in Hernando
County, I have become enriched by the many people I know and love who come in
all colors and creeds. That our citizens should suffer the indignities of
racial abuse from their supervisors while working in service to our county;
that their ameliorator should speak so crassly of the great efforts being made
by this nation to unite our people and to progress the understanding and
tolerance of all races and creeds - incidents such as these, diminish all of
us.

P.S. A word of appreciation for School Board member Gail Coleman and her
efforts to ameliorate these problems. She is an outstanding, courageous  person.
Our county will be less effective without her.

Charlotte Brown

Spring Hill

Priests must not impede

ambulance workers

   Editor: The sad and unholy occurrence Monsignor Scully recounted at a  recent
Mass was only his perception to a captive audience.

If you are injured and a priest bursts through the ambulance doors, your  first
impression is, "I'm dying and I'm receiving my last rites." In  addition, every
person has the right to privacy and to receive efficient  medical care.

Father Scully should know not to climb into an emergency vehicle without
permission from the person in charge. If you are critical enough to be flown
out by helicopter, then you need every second of the personnel's attention and
care. Father Scully does not need to be next to the person until the emergency
personnel are done with their interventions.

I was taught prayers would be heard whether I was at the person's side or
thousands of miles away. I don't know of any one person who would deny
spiritual aid once the interventions were done. Even if you are a man of the
cloth, you still have rules and common sense to follow. It appalls me that he
thinks the rules should change for him.

Those injured need medical care first, then spiritual aid. I feel Father  Scully
is wrong in his perception of the incidents.

Isabella Discepolo

Spring Hill

Thanks to teacher

for lifetime memory

   Editor: I would like to take some time to thank a very special person who
made it possible to achieve one of my childhood dreams. This person is a  French
teacher at Springstead High School, Richard Gill.

Mr. Gill made my dream of going to Paris and touring the Eiffel Tower  possible
- not only touring it but eating dinner there. It's an experience  I'll never
forget.

Again, I'd like to thank Mr. Gill for all his hard work and the personal  time
he puts into this trip every year to make it successful.

This was an experience I'll carry with me forever. Thanks.

Frank C. Zito Jr.

10th Grade

Springstead High School

Share your views

   The Hernando Times welcomes letters from readers for publication.

Because of space limitations, letters should be of reasonable length  (250-300
words maximum as a rule). Letters may be edited for clarity, taste  and length.

All letters must be signed and must contain the writer's address and  telephone
number. Addresses and telephone numbers will not be printed.

Send your letter to Hernando Times, 161 E Jefferson St., Brooksville, FL  34601.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE CARTOON, Bob Zaratzian; Lossing, with his hands tied
behind his back, tells residents who want to save Hunter Lake, "I hate this
quasi-judicial, ex parte stuff. Even if I knew which hat to wear, I couldn't
pick it up." Two hats, labeled Judicial and Political sit beside him on a table.

TYPE: LETTER

                    Copyright 1996 Times Publishing Company


                              684 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    February 7, 1992, Friday, FIRST EDITION

U.S. envoy to Kuwait: Infanticide tales true

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 441 words


U.S. Ambassador to Kuwait Edward Gnehm, defending an account of Iraqi
atrocities, says Iraqis killed several hundred babies in 1990 in Kuwaiti
hospitals and clinics, The Associated Press said Thursday. In a Jan. 27 letter
to Rep. Tom Lantos, D-Calif., Gnehm vouched for the credibility of Nayirah Saud
Sabah, who in Oct. 1990 tearfully described infanticide at one of the hospitals
to a congressional panel headed by Lantos. Last month it was disclosed that
Sabah was the daughter of Kuwait's ambassador to Washington.

Gnehm wrote that he was ''deeply disturbed'' by media reports that ''distort the
truth'' and suggest the woman wasn't in Kuwait during the invasion. Describing
the infanticide, Gnehm said in some cases the Iraqis ordered babies taken out of
the incubators and ventilators. In other cases, he said, nurses tell of electric
cords being yanked from the machines or oxygen turned off. ''The resulting
deaths are deplorable no matter what specific Iraqi actions led to the loss of
life,'' Gnehm wrote.

SNACK WAR: Sen. Pete Domenici, R-N.M., top Republican on the Senate Budget
Committee, belittled a leading Democratic plan to cut taxes by $ 200 for
individuals and $ 400 for families as a choice between one or two Reese's Peanut
Butter Cups per day. ''While the American people get candy, the American
treasury gets a big shock of bad medicine - $ 46 billion that we will spend to
give the American people two peanut butter cups a day,'' Domenici said. But Sen.
Wyche Fowler, D-Ga., countered that President Bush's proposed $ 500-per-child
boost in the personal exemption would give lower-income taxpayers only about 20
cents daily - enough to buy a candy bar.

SENATE LEAKS: Two top aides to Senate Judiciary Committee member Patrick Leahy,
D-Vt., have set up defense funds to help pay their legal expenses in connection
with a probe of Senate news leaks, the Capitol Hill newspaper Roll Call said.
The paper said the staffers, Ellen McCulloch-Lovell and Ann Harkins, filed
papers with the Senate Ethics Committee on Jan. 31 establishing the funds. Roll
Call said the aides' names had not previously come up in connection with the
leak of sexual harassment charges against Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas,
a leak that embarrassed Republicans and is under investigation.

NUCLEAR CHALLENGE: A massive energy bill inching its way through the Senate
withstood a challenge from opponents of a proposal to streamline licensing
procedures at nuclear power plants. Lawmakers voted 52-43 against an amendment
that would have permitted more public hearings after construction, but before
operation, of a new plant.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, AP

CUTLINE: DOMENICI: Belittles Dems tax plan

TYPE: Capital Line

WASHINGTON AND THE WORLD

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              685 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Lenders Doubt Report that Belittles Cleanup Liability

                             April 2, 1991, Tuesday

By STEPHEN KLEEGE


Bankers fuming about monstrous environmental liabilities may have trouble
squaring doomsday predictions with a small anomaly: Squeek's Donut Shop.

This tiny Kansas eatery has been named once as a possible target of federal
environmental cleanup claims - one claim more than all money center and regional
banks as a group currently face - according to the Southern Finance Project, an
independent research group in Charlotte, N.C.

The Squeek's case is just one of the findings that contradicts fears of
financial catastrophe if Congress does not ease banks' responsibilities under
the so-called Superfund law. All told, the study of 2,700 sites eligible for
cleanup under the Superfund program lists 17,095 potentially responsible parties
- and only 40 of them are banks.

Both sides of the case will be aired starting April 10 at a hearing chaired by
Sen. Frank R. Lautenberg, D-N.J., chairman of the ocean and water protection
subcommittee of the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works.

Sen. Lautenberg says he is open-minded, but bank attorneys say a questionnaire
that the subcommittee sent to their clients frames the issue in a biased manner.
It asks banks to refute conclusions reached by the Southern Finance Project and
to detail the extent of liability claims.

Armed with this report and other data, an alliance of formidable opponents will
mount a case that bankers, in order to duck a fair share of the tab for cleaning
up the environment, are exaggerating fears of cataclysmic lawsuits.

"These are not crazy suits that drop out of the sky and clobber lenders," says
Jenny Thelen, one of the authors of the report.

Besides environmentalists, members of the powerful chemical and insurance
industries are eager to tap as many deep pockets as possible for environmental
cleanup.

The study of 2,700 sites eligible for cleanup under the Superfund program lists
17,095 potentially responsible parties - and only 40 of them are banks.  By last
September, when the study was circulated, only seven lenders had actually paid
claims, and the biggest of them was not for millions of dollars, but for
$503,789.89.  Chemical Waste Recycler Cited

In this case, Union National Bank, Lowell, Mass., engaged in a "business
participation" with a chemical waste recycler to which it made a mortgage loan.
As a result, it agreed to pay about 15% of a $3.4 million cleanup settlement
with the Environmental Protection Agency.

Other evidence also seems less gloomy than the dark scenario some bankers
predict.

* United Federal Savings and Loan, paid as much as $150,000 to settle an
environmental claim. The Manchester, N.H., thrift paid 2.4% of a $6.2 million
claim for cleanup of what the EPA called a "waste lagoon" on the site of Keefe
Environmental Services, on which the thrift foreclosed and which it sold for
$4,000 six weeks later.

* None of the rest of the seven claims paid by banks exceed $8,500.

* General Electric Co., E.I. du Pont de Nemours & Co., Monsanto Co., General
Motors Corp., and Union Carbide Corp. are each listed as potentially responsible
more often then all lenders combined, the study found.

The largest bank to be listed as a potentially responsible party is Wachovia
Bank & Trust Co., Charlotte, which faces a possible lawsuit by the EPA for the
cleanup of a septic-tank service site, the report said.  Research Called
Incomplete

Bank lobbyists call the research flawed. "There are some obvious gaps in their
statistics," said Thomas J. Greco, associate counsel to the American Bankers
Association.

One well-known case, involving Fleet/Norstar Financial Group in Providence,
R.I., was left out.  A year ago, an appellate court in Atlanta ruled that a unit
of Fleet could be held liable for part of a $400,000 cleanup because as lender
it was in a position to influence the management of a troubled borrower's
business.

Mr. Greco and others said that decisions like this one, which has not yet
resulted in a fine, could open floodgates that will make all previous cleanup
litigation seem puny.

In most other court decisions, day-to-day participation in management of a site
was required to establish a lender's liability.

The Fleet/Norstar case was taken to the Supreme Court, which refused to hear it.
It was sent back to a lower court in Atlanta. Legal Scholars Disagree

The Southern Finance Project asserts that legal scholars are divided on whether
the Fleet decision actually broadened liability. "However, lenders immediately
seized on Fleet as a political battering ram, portraying it as the road to legal
ruin for their industry."

Mr. Greco concedes that statistics may show that costs to banks from
environmental liability have been modest so far, but he contends the law leaves
them exposed to huge potential costs. "We don't have a lot of stats in this
case, but I don't think you need statistics to argue it," he said.

Instead, banks will try to show that burdening lenders with these bills is a bad
idea in principle.

One result could be widespread environmental redlining, which has already
emerged in a few prominent areas.

* A downtown revitalization program in Wichita, Kan., was derailed as loans for
property transfers and development of an old, polluted area dried up.

* The Love Canal Redevelopment Authority in upstate New York has had trouble
persuading banks to grant mortgages in the vicinity of Love Canal, the notorious
chemical dumping ground that stirred up environmental activism in the 1970s.

* Loans to thousands of dry cleaners, photo processors, gas stations, and other
small businesses that use toxic chemicals are supposedly in jeopardy.  Bankers
Claim Chilling Effect

Bankers are preparing for the April 10 hearing by gathering additional evidence
that liability fears chill lending and threaten to prolong the recession. They
will attempt to widen the debate to include implications for private claims and
claims by state agencies, which are far more numerous than federal claims.

Saying disclosure would compromise their negotiating positions, bankers and
their lawyers are reluctant to part with details of settlements at the state and
private levels. But one account that observers say is typical involves a bank
that accepted $200,000 in lieu of a $7 million loan repayment to obtain a
release from environmental liability. The release, granted by state authorities,
covered private suits.

In the Senate and the House, supporters of bills aimed at easing bank
liabilities are concerned that the tide may be against them.

A series of court decisions in 1988 began to erode lenders' exemption under the
Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act, known as
the Superfund law. Bankers say they simply want to clarify language to restore
court practices to the original intent of Congress.  A Key Exemption

The Superfund law said owners and operators of property can be held liable for
cleanup costs. But it did exempt lenders who hold an "indicia of ownership" such
as a mortgage "to protect a security interest."

Concerned that liability concerns were causing credit to dry up for some small
businesses, Rep. John J. LaFalce, D-N.Y., introduced legislation in 1989 to
specify that lenders may not be held liable unless they actually contributed to
the problem, and he has introduced a similar bill for a third time this year.

In the Senate, Jake Garn, R-Utah, has reintroduced similar legislation that
focuses on exempting the federal banking agencies from liability for cleanup of
property they seize after bank and thrift failures, but that also addresses
private lenders' concerns.

Although legislation could pass without the environmental subcommittee's
blessing, the hearing this month could play a critical role. Bankers are
determined to make the most of it. "The industry is going to have to make a case
that there is a problem," Mr. Greco said. "We're going to do it."
The American Banker

SECTION: COMMERCIAL REAL ESTATE; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1333 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1991 American Banker, Inc.


                              686 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      March 1, 1988, Tuesday, City Edition

Big Advance belittles bettors in Derby feature

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6C

LENGTH: 87 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG



ST. PETERSBURG - Big Advance surprised bettors Monday afternoon with    a
three-length victory in the featured Grade A sixth race at Derby    Lane.  The
son of Unruly-Benatar had won only once during the current    meet and was sent
off at 24-1 odds.

      Big Advance returned $ 51.20, $ 20 and $ 8 to his few backers.

 Interest Rate paid $ 5.80 and $ 4, and Count Hughie returned $ 6.20 to    show.

 The 1-4 quiniela paid $ 118.60 and the 4-1-2 trifecta $ 717.80.



LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company


                              687 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      June 30, 1987, Tuesday, City Edition

Irked merchants bemoan, belittle new service tax

BYLINE: ALAN GOLDSTEIN

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 795 words

DATELINE: NEW PORT RICHEY



NEW PORT RICHEY - From pet groomers to accountants, piano movers to
real-estate brokers, Pasco County professionals expressed their    frustrations
Monday over the new state tax on their services scheduled    to start Wednesday.


     Many said they felt the 5 percent tax was unfair, that the state    could
have more easily raised revenue by increasing the existing sales    tax. Some
said the state had not done enough to explain how the tax    will work. They
complained about the added paperwork, and lamented the    possibilities of
losing customers.

     And they talked about the snowball effect a service tax can have,    when
businesses pay service taxes to their suppliers, who may be paying    taxes to
their suppliers.

     "Ultimately, if my clients, including a lot of doctors and    lawyers, have
to pay more for my services, they're not simply going to    absorb it," said
Hank Ash, president of Ash Financial Group, a    financial services firm based
in New Port Richey. "They'll pass the    difference along to their customers."

     "The little guy gets hurt again," he said. "I personally find    the whole
thing distasteful."

     Many people were downright mad. "Next thing you know,    Tallahassee's
going to try to measure how much air we breathe, and    they'll tax that, too,"
said Ron Vincent, assistant manager of A    Quality Answering Service in Hudson.
"It's a cockamamie bill."

     Businesses dependent on advertising, such as television stations    and
newspapers, have been among the more outspoken opponents of the    measure, and
in fact may be the most deeply affected by the tax.

     "There's no question that advertisers with fixed budgets will    reduce the
amount they advertise, rather than pay out more," said    Kendrick E. Fenderson,
vice president and general manager of the West    Pasco Press, a weekly
newspaper published in New Port Richey.

     "The service tax will reduce the vigor of the economy, dilute the    job
market," Fenderson said. "It will weaken Florida."

     Some professionals said that explaining the new tax to clients has    been
a nasty business.

     "People act like it's our fault," said Tom Crenshaw, vice    president of
Crenshaw Pest Control in New Port Richey. "We're going to    lose customers."

     Mary Fournier, owner of Two on a Leash, a pet grooming shop in Port
Richey, said her business may lose out to small home operations that    accept
cash payments "under the table," and wouldn't charge taxes.

     "People come to me and say, 'I won't have to pay it, will I?,' or    they
say they'll just pay cash if I don't charge the tax and I have to    tell them
it just doesn't work like that," Fournier said. "It's a    very competitive
business. I haven't raised prices since 1981."

     Susan Steffey, who answers the phones at Jesse's Moving Service in
Holiday, said she has had an overwhelmingly negative response from    customers.


     "Some say they'd rather rent a truck and do it themselves," she    said.
"Then there are the older people, who can't move their stuff    themselves, and
they yell at me."

     Real-estate agents have always had to contend with those who would
rather sell or buy property themselves than pay a commission, often in    the
neighborhood of 7 percent of the purchase price.

     "People who already avoid agents, people who have the time and    ability
to do buy or sell houses themselves, will continue to," said    Sonny Safranek,
co-owner of Richey Realty. "Those who can't handle it    will continue to come
to us."

     But Safranek expressed concern that the cost of a home sale will    get out
of hand, through what he termed as the "ripple effect" of    paying taxes for
attorney fees, title insurance, the mortgagor and the    termite inspection.

     Accountants and lawyers, targeted by the state Legislature as fair    game
for taxation, said they did not see the tax as much more than a    hassle.

     "My clients need my service, and wouldn't come if they didn't,"    said
Robert A. Smith, an independent Port Richey accountant.

     Harvey V. Delzer, a partner in the Port Richey law firm of Delzer,
Coulter and Carter, said he hoped he wouldn't have to hire additional    staff
to handle the paperwork, which would increase fees even further    than just the
new tax.

     "It seems everything's always getting more complicated, isn't    it?,"
Delzer said.



LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: PASCO TIMES

                            Times Publishing Company


                              688 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

In Depth: VIDEOTEX;
Tests of Videotex Lie in Strategic, Operational Goals

                           August 4, 1982, Wednesday

DATELINE: NEW YORK


The importance of videotex for the financial service industry has little to do
with its underlying technology.

Rather, its significance lies in the trend toward becoming a comprehensive
communication system that can provide a user virtually with as many services as
he may wishto tap -- all via a single terminal.

For banking in particular, the strategic appeal of videotex should be in its
broad capabilities to interact conveniently with customers, maintains Stuart
MacIntire, a senior vice president at First Bank System, a bank holding company
in Minneapolis.

Granted, he admits, videotex or telebanking services may provide cost savings to
banks by reducing the demand for brick and mortar branches. Savings in
paper-based processing also is expected as electronic videotex services gain
volume.

But these reasons belittle the opportunities banks may find in videotex
applications, believes Mr. MacIntire, whose bank is in the midst of a
200-terminal videotex test in North Dakota and Minneapolis.

Financial services available over videotex systems should go far beyond
traditional bank product lines. In so doing, Mr. MacIntire suggests, the system
becomes a unique provider, rather than a simple alternative to other delivery
methods of the same products.

Similar thoughts are expressed by a brokerage house.

The financial service industry is on a parallel course with videotex, notes Lee
R. Greenhouse, videotex systems project manager for E.F. Hutton, as major
players make strategic moves -- through acquisition, merger, or internal
development -- to expand their array of investment options.

Making Videotex Palatable

''In short,'' he states in a videotex position paper, ''the financial services
'supermarket' concept is paralleled in videotex's emergence as an electronic
supermarket.'' The difficulty at first for financial service firms, he says,
will be to grapple with the operational problems inherent in a
technology-intensive enterprise.

Ultimately, he maintains, the success of any firm may depend ''as much on its
operational expertise as on its strategic assets.''

Much of that presumed operational expertise, however, will have to be applied to
providing the videotex user with an understandable and ''friendly'' system.

Prejudice, for instance, among business executives of information systems that
require familiarity with typewriter keyboards -- regardless of quality of
information available -- is well documented. And research data of the mass
consumer market also show a low threshold of frustration among users of
electronic services at home.

Transaction services available to consumers at home can present some special
problems. Videotex users who begin teleshopping or telebanking from home may
find that the purported convenience of electronics will be buried under a mass
of confusing recordkeeping.

A report by the Institute for the Future, Menlo Park, Calif., points out:

If some (videotex) purchases are preprogrammed and use up personal funds, such
as a videotex shopping service, while still others are made in more conventional
at-the-store shopping trips, the potential for omissions and confusions is high.
Adding multiple family members to this test of recordkeeping may aggravate the
situation, the report notes.

''A lot of this problem falls into the realm of electronic funds transfer
systems, and one approach is to imagine that the design of such systems will be
sufficiently clever to provide a technological solution to this problem.

''Eventually,'' the report states, ''systems will provide on-line assistance in
sorting out personal cash-flow problems.''

At First Bank System, videotex service may expand by segmented markets. Mr.
MacIntire currently is delivering specialized agribusiness through the bank's
''First Hand'' videotex system to farmers in the Fargo, N.D., area.

Farmers in the pilot act both as small businessmen and as consumers, a dual role
purposely selected by the bank, Mr. MacIntire says. For now, the service, using
French Teletel videotex terminals and software, is offered free. Pricing will
begin in September.

Afterwards, First Bank System may select another market segment -- such as the
affluent retail consumer -- to tailor a range of videotex services.

For many financial institutions, an interest in providing videotex services may
be muted by a lack of internal operations experience and investment capability.
These institutions will tend to enter this electronic service field through
sharing arrangements with other banks, or more likely, with nonbank delivery
providers such as publishing companies.

''Quality differences among financial services firms will emerge as they try to
make the quantum leap from planning a strategy to implementing it,'' E.F.
Hutton's Mr. Greenhouse states.

''This phenomenon will be especially pronounced in videotex, where a high degree
of technical and operational expertise is required.''

Early efforts to solve this problem have seen the emergence of special bank
subsidiaries whose sole purpose is to provide computer switching ''gateways''
between a number of subscribing financial institutions and a videotex delivery
service.

To assist bank participation in the Viewtron videotex system, Southeast Bank in
Miami has formed VideoFinancial Services to connect those financial institutions
to the Viewtron central computer.

Similarly, Banc One in Columbus, Ohio, has proposed a videobanking firm composed
of participating financial institutions to design and market a home banking
product.

In New York City, Videodial Inc., a subsidiary of the French Telesystemes
videotex firm, also offers a gateway service designed for financial service
companies that is linked to a public packet-switching network in the U.S.

SECTION: OPERATIONS/TECHNOLOGY; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 968 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1982 American Banker, Inc.


                              689 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                          September 24, 2015 Thursday

Editorial: Utah leaders belittle good sage grouse compromise

SECTION: NEWS; Opinion; Editorials

LENGTH: 642 words


Utah is a small player in the plan to save the greater sage grouse from
extinction, but Utah politicians appear to be the biggest complainers.

The Obama administration's decision to not list the greater sage grouse as an
endangered species may be that rare moment in politics when a long negotiation
yields a viable, balanced solution. Not perfect, of course, but also not
deserving of the cheap jabs coming from Utah leaders.

To be sure, it was a negotiation forced by the threat of endangered species
listing, and that is why Rep. Rob Bishop referred to Tuesday's announcement as a
"cynical ploy" and Gov. Gary Herbert said it devalues Utah's own sage grouse
management plan and "the conservation commitments from private landowners."

To clarify, Tuesday's announcement was that the species will not be listed, and
that means state and private landowners can do as they please on their lands.
They can continue to follow Utah's management plan, or they can pave over the
leks where birds mate. There is nothing the federal government will do to stop
them. The management plans that Bishop and Herbert are attacking only cover
federal lands. And the federal acres in Utah committed to the plan are a small
part of the 67 million total acres across 11 states. (Other uses, including oil
and gas drilling, are allowed within the conservation areas as long as the birds
and habitat are not affected.)

Bishop plays a cynical game of his own to equate this with "control of the
West." This is the federal government managing its lands for the benefit of all
citizens, including the locals, and drilling, grazing and development will
continue. The decision came after extensive involvement of stakeholders in
government, agriculture and industry, and that is why four Western governors,
including Republicans from Wyoming and Nevada, joined Interior Secretary Sally
Jewell in a press conference.

Wyoming fought tooth and nail with the federal government and environmentalists
over sage grouse, but GOP Gov. Matt Mead had this to say about the plan Tuesday:
"We can continue to create jobs and share our natural resources with the rest of
the nation while the greater sage grouse thrives."

Once numbering 16 million, the greater sage grouse is now down to 500,000, but
Jewell made it clear this is about more than a bird. "This vast landscape is
suffering death by a thousand cuts. Longer, hotter fire seasons have eliminated
millions of acres. Invasive species are pushing out native vegetation. And
development is fragmenting the land,"

The sage grouse is a canary, and the changing American West is its coal mine.

Meanwhile, Herbert says Utah is considering lawsuits and lobbyists because,
well, that's what Utah does. The state renewed a $2 million contract with a
lobbying/law firm in May to lobby to delay a listing decision and to develop
legal and communications strategies to oppose it. What happens with that now?
Herbert's said Tuesday that Utah will "pursue legislative and potential judicial
relief" means that we're apparently still willing to pour money down the rat
hole even though listing didn't happen.

Consider this statement from the American Petroleum Institute, a group that
seemingly would be supportive of Bishop's and Herbert's hard line:

"This decision is based on the best science and will allow the oil and natural
gas industry to responsibly develop energy resources while continuing to protect
the environment," said Erik Milito, API director upstream and industry
operations. "Our industry has led the way in working with states and government
agencies to preserve Western habitats as production continues to provide the
energy America demands."

Tuesday's announcement is a victory for the lost art of compromise. As a result,
there is hope that a declining species of bird that could outlive a dying breed
of polarizing politics in Utah.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              690 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                      April 1, 1996, Monday, FINAL EDITION

SIDE LINES

BYLINE: VANSUN

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 253 words


One record left for Ripken

Cal Ripken Jr. begins his 15th season today with a major league record of 2,153
consecutive games. Ah, but there's one record left: Sachio Kinugasa, a Japanese
player from 1970 to 1987, holds the world record for consecutive pro baseball
games at 2,215. Ripken, in a USA Today interview, doesn't belittle Kinugasa's
record, saying: "Who am I to say his streak is any less than any already done in
the big leagues? I would recognize that as a world record and a huge
accomplishment."

Changes pay off

When pro golfer Brad Bryant went to teaching guru David Leadbetter looking for
help, he came away scratching his head.

"David wanted me to change my takeaway, my backswing, my downswing and my
follow-through," Bryant said. "He said I could still play right-handed."

The changes paid off when Bryant won for the first time in 18 years on tour.

Registration extended

The team registration for this year's Dragon Boat Festival has been extended to
Friday, April 12. Teams are often made up of colleagues from an office, members
of a professional association, or youngsters from local schools. Individuals who
can't put together a full 22-member team can put their names on a list to join a
make-up team. For more information, call Becki Wong at 688-2382.

Worth repeating

Yankee manager Joe Torre, a new father, has no problem with nighttime feedings.
"I'm 55 years old," he said. "I get up three times a night to go to the
bathroom. The baby is on my schedule."



LOAD-DATE: April 2, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1996 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              691 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 17, 1993, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

TROUBLED WATER

SECTION: Section 6; Page 6; Column 5; Magazine Desk

LENGTH: 235 words


Many of the tests required under the current Safe Drinking Water Act have
nothing to do with preventing the kind of public health problems cited in Sara
Terry's article "Drinking Water Comes to a Boil" (Sept. 26). Instead, Congress
has made public water suppliers spend large sums of money to search for and
eliminate contaminants that present little or no public health risks. Thus, when
"violations" occur, they are often meaningless bureaucratic occurrences that
cause money to be spent for no real purpose.

Terry belittles attempts to compare the benefits and the costs of meeting higher
standards, giving credence to the comment that water must be "completely safe."
While long on emotion, such a statement is short on science, economics and
public policy. It is entirely appropriate for society to make choices about the
relative costs and benefits of different levels of pollution control, public
safety and the like. Among the issues to be resolved are whether public water
supplies should meet standards for immune-deficient people or for the public in
general. As difficult as such decisions are, we have to remember that society
needs to decide where and how to spend its money to best protect the public. The
Safe Drinking Water Act is one law that has not done this very well.

PAUL F. LEVY
Executive Director, Massachusetts Water Resources Authority, 1987-1992
Cambridge, Mass.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              692 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 27, 1989, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

U.S. Trade Criticism Belittles Indian Democracy

SECTION: Section A; Page 22, Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 408 words


To the Editor:

India is listed as an unfair trading nation, along with Brazil and Japan, by the
Bush Administration (news story, May 26). We do not know what its effects will
be on Japan and Brazil, but we do have a good idea of its effects upon India,
and upon U.S.-Indian relations, and they can only be unfortunate.

In the last five years, India has been going through a major economic reform
that has sought to reduce Government controls on all aspects of industrial
activity to encourage internal competition, raise the level of technology and
expand India's foreign trade as well as foreign investment in India. This
program, still at a relatively early stage, has achieved significant results in
spite of substantial internal opposition. As of 1989 the United States, at 25
percent of the total, was the largest foreign investor in India.

One of the claims of the opposition has been that the program was undertaken as
a result of foreign pressures. That criticism had largely died down. But this
latest action of the Bush Administration can only revive that criticism, and
thus make it far more difficult for the Indian Government to continue and expand
its reforms.

Indian governments have always been very sensitive to foreign pressures and try
hard to avoid any appearance of yielding to those pressures. In response to this
listing, the Government may well decide it must reemphasize its independence
from foreign influence. One way of doing that might be to move backward from its
reforms by again tightening up on imports and investment from foreign countries,
especially the United States.

With national elections coming up in India within the next six months, the
temptation to criticize foreigners will be high. Listing India as an unfair
trading nation plays into the hands of anti-American politicians. That may be
one of the reasons why the State Department apparently favored a ''softer
approach'' on this matter.

That the Administration would consider withdrawal of favored-nation status from
India at the same time as it avoids any heavy criticism of China's use of force
against unarmed citizens can only raise questions within India as to our support
of Indian democracy.

GEORGE ROSEN, LLOYD I. RUDOLPH
SUSANNE HOEBER RUDOLPH
Chicago, June 26, 1989
  The writers are, respectively, professor of economics at the University of
Illinois and professors of political science at the University of Chicago.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                              693 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         Independent on Sunday (London)

                              June 3, 2001, Sunday

TRAVEL: BRITISH ISLES: VICTORIANS WITH STARS IN THEIR EYES;
 JANET STREET -PORTER DIPS INTO THE FANTASY OF SCOTLAND'S MOUNT STUART WHERE
EXTRAVAGANCE IS THE NORM

BYLINE: Janet Street-porter

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 1543 words


On a rocky island off the west coast of Scotland sits Mount Stuart, Britain's
answer to Randolph Hearst's vast architectural folly San Simeon, in northern
California. Mount Stuart has a lot in common with Hearst's extravaganza, and you
don't need a transatlantic air ticket to visit it. Each of these palaces was
built by men of vast wealth, with a visionary streak. To describe their creators
as eccentric is to belittle their achievement. Over the years, I've visited half
a dozen places like these - from King Ludwig's fake fairytale castle
Neuschwanstein in Bavaria, to the mock Venetian splendour of Vizcaya on the
Florida Keys outside Miami, built with the Deering tractor fortune.

Like San Simeon, Mount Stuart overlooks a rocky coastline, and to visit it is to
go on not just a magical journey geographically, but a thrilling intellectual
one as well. First take the car ferry from Wemyss Bay, less than an hour from
the centre of Glasgow. Disembark at the small town of Rothesay with its charming
Victorian villas embellished with ornate, wrought ironwork. Now follow the coast
road south to the gates of Mount Stuart and the magical mystery tour will
unfold. For starters you have to imagine the huge leap of faith it took to
create the palace in 1877, when fire destroyed the original family home of the
3rd Marquess of Bute.

The Stuart family were direct descendants of King Robert the Bruce, and had
occupied key positions at court since 1157. They had lived on Bute for more than
700 years and the third Earl of Bute (1713-92) was a personal adviser to George
III and even Prime Minister for a brief spell. His passion was collecting Dutch
17th-century paintings, and horticulture and he created the wonderful gardens
and parkland that surround Mount Stuart today. He was also the first director of
the brand new Kew Gardens. The family were reputed to be the richest dynasty in
Scotland, and their fortune was enhanced by developing the family estates in
south Wales by building the Cardiff docks.

The third Marquess (1847-1900) was a huge patron of the arts, sponsoring more
building projects than any other individual of his generation. He revived
medieval architecture on a domestic - albeit palatial - scale, restoring Cardiff
Castle and building Castell Coch, both with the architect William Burges. But
the fire which destroyed the family house on Bute allowed him to create a huge
new palace from scratch, working with the Scottish architect Robert Rowand
Anderson. As at Cardiff Castle and Castell Coch, the Marquess was determined
that his ideas would be translated into every aspect of the design, from
interior finishes to tapestries to murals to stained glass. In other words, he
created three perfect neo- gothic theme parks, of which Mount Stuart is the
least well-known.

Mount Stuart reflects the Marquess's three passions; astronomy, religion and the
decorative arts. Other 19th- century revivals of gothic architecture tended to
be large public buildings such as St Pancras Station or London's Natural History
Museum - here the result is like a Venetian Palazzo crossed with an English
medieval cathedral. The central marble hall is 60 foot square and rises through
three floors, with staircases on either side and marble pillars surrounding the
first and second floors. The gilded bronze railings are copied from the tomb of
the Emperor Charlemagne at Aachen. High above, the vaulted ceiling twinkles with
silver stars on deep blue, and stained-glass windows portray the signs of the
zodiac. The floor is of polished oak and inlaid marble. Huge, specially
commissioned tapestries, the largest-ever woven in Scotland, line the lower
walls next to six oak thrones. The whole effect is both magical and mystical.

Mount Stuart is full of surprises - for a start there's Britain's first indoor
swimming pool with its white-tiled vaulted roof. It was the first house in
Scotland to be lit by electricity (in 1883), and telephones were installed in
1887. The interiors are a riot of decoration with every surface an opportunity
for carving or embellishment. It's totally over the top, a high gothic
extravaganza. The main rooms have elaborate, carved wooden ceilings and lavish
stained glass, reflecting heraldic and botanical themes. The huge drawing room
is divided into three by sets of marble columns, each part having its own
fireplace. The dining room and its ante room are filled with family portraits of
the highest order, by Sir Henry Raeburn, George Romney and Sir Joshua Reynolds.
The main family bedroom is decorated with painted friezes showing the life of
the 11th-century Scottish Queen Margaret.

There are no less than three libraries and a horoscope room for gazing at real
stars, with painted panels of planets below a ceiling decorated with
astrological symbols. Horatio Walter Lonsdale was responsible for the painted
decoration and stained glass in the house, and the interiors were overseen by
William Frame. Both men had worked on Cardiff Castle and Castell Coch with
William Burges. But progress on this dream home was protracted and irritatingly
slow, as family letters reveal. After 20 years it still wasn't finished, and
when the Marquess died his widow continued work on the white carrara marble
chapel for another 15 years, with octagonal vaulted tower and exquisite
geometric tiled floor made from marble and mosaic.

The impressive gardens and parkland surrounding Mount Stuart were begun in the
18th century, and have been elaborated upon and extended ever since. The 300
-plus acres lie on the sheltered east coast of Bute, and contain a whole variety
of horticultural gems. Old 18th-century woodlands, planted by the third Earl,
are known as the upper and lower policies. The latter lie just back from the
beach and are a wonderful wilderness of rotting vegetation, conifers, ash, pine,
moss and ferns. There are follies, and further back, a water garden with a
diverted stream and artificial pools and waterfalls. The vistas represented the
stages of the cross - this is known as Calvary Pond and once contained a large
cross as well as a small chapel, both now long gone. Impressive avenues of beech
have been replanted too, and the kitchen garden, started in the 19th century,
was remodelled in 1990 by Rosemary Verey.

The walled Wee Garden is full of plants from the southern hemisphere - the third
Marquess had a collection of exotic animals, including wallabies, roaming the
grounds.

Mount Stuart, once a family home, is now open to the public, and the Stuart
family continues to add to the attractions of visiting the estate. On 28 June
David Attenborough will open the new visitor centre, by award- winning
architects Munkenbeck and Marshall, containing exhibition space, a shop and a
restaurant. Upstairs, there's a 300ft panorama of fields, the gardens and the
forest - the three elements that make up the estate.

Forget about Disneyworld or Legoland. Mount Stuart with its exotic setting is a
19th-century theme park that has more than stood the test of time.

NOTHING LIKE EXCESS

IF YOU enjoy the high Victorian excess of Mount Stuart, then two other
commissions of Lord Bute will also be of interest: Cardiff Castle and Castell
Coch. Both are by architect William Burges, one of the Victorian world's great
characters. He lived a kind of medieval fantasy life, wrote in Vellum notebooks,
had a working portcullis at his London home and sometimes worked under the
influence of laudanum - the then fashionable opium and alcohol cocktail.
Naturally, his buildings tended to be highly wrought fantasy interpretations of
the Middle Ages.

At Cardiff Castle, Burges used the medieval shell and filled it with flamboyant
over-the-top decoration for Lord Bute. Outside Cardiff is the even wilder
Castell Coch, again rebuilt for Lord Bute, where Burges put in a drawbridge,
portcullis and dungeon. Burges also built Knightshayes in Tiverton, Devon,
recently restored by the National Trust, and although it is more muted, the
sense of camp high Victoriana remains: a particular delight is its gardens. Cork
Cathedral is one of his best-known buildings, finished in a French high gothic
style.

Burges is beloved by devotees of the excessive neo-Gothic style. Among his fans
were Evelyn Waugh and John Betjeman. He was thorough enough to design tableware,
and even designed a special lavatory for Victorian peer Lord Carrington at
Gayhurst in Buckinghamshire - an odd cove who suffered from the phobia that if
he sat down too hard, damage would occur. It is a gift to our architectural
legacy that there were those eccentric enough to commission him.

MOUNT STUART

GETTING THERE

There is a regular rail service from Glasgow to Wemyss Bay (50 minutes). Ferries
connect to Rothesay, Bute (30 minutes). Contact National Rail Enquiries (tel:
0345 484950, www.railtrack. co.uk/travel) and Caledonian MacBrayne Ferry Company
(tel: 01475 650100; www.calmac.co.uk).

Mount Stuart House (tel: 01700 503877; www.mountstuart.com) is open until 30
September daily except Tuesdays and Thursdays: house 11am-5pm, gardens 10am
-6pm. Entrance: adults pounds 6.50, children pounds 2.50, students and senior
citizens pounds 5. Guided tours cost pounds 2.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Scottish fantasy: Mount Stuart, the vision of the 3rd Marquess of;
Bute, displays his three passions - astronomy, religion and the decorative arts
STILL MOVING PICTURE COMPANY High gothic in the drawing room FLORA AND;
CHARLOTTE WOOD

                      Copyright 2001 Independent Print Ltd


                              694 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      March 15, 1996, Friday, ALL EDITIONS

Hoyas respect Mississippi Valley

BYLINE: Joe Strauss; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 07E

LENGTH: 369 words

DATELINE: Richmond


People tend to listen when John Thompson speaks. His Georgetown players, whom
Thompson describes as an argumentative bunch, dare not talk back to him. The
media must remain at arm's length because that is where Thompson wants them.

"I don't need a stage," Thompson said Thursday afternoon, "because I already
have a stage."

This week the coach's message is clear: Regardless of how high hoop mavens pile
expectations atop the Hoyas - seeded No. 2 in the East Region - Thompson will
level no disrespect at his team's lowly rated first-round opponent, little
Mississippi Valley State, co-champions of the Southwest Athletic Conference
(SWAC) and the only entry in the NCAA tournament field without a shoe contract.

"The things people know little about they tend to minimize or belittle," said
Thompson, whose team is considered among the most dangerous in the 64-team
field. "Just because they've received little exposure through no fault of their
own is no indication of their ability."

After initiating the action at the Richmond Coliseum at 12:15 p.m.,
Georgetown-Mississippi Valley State will be followed by New Mexico-Kansas State,
Texas Tech-Northern Illinois and North Carolina-New Orleans.

In its last seven games Georgetown has beaten Connecticut by 12 and twice
thrashed Villanova. If not for last weekend's final-minute collapse against
Connecticut, Georgetown (26-7) would have arrived as Big East champions.

Still, Thompson refuses to dismiss Mississippi Valley State (22-6). Partly
because of another Georgetown team's near escape against No. 16- seed Princeton
in 1989, partly because of Thompson's sensitivity to the lack of respect usually
accorded small, historically black schools.

"Because people don't know enough about them, they want to know why we're
playing a patsy." says Thompson. "Those people just don't know any better."

Indeed, in forward Marcus Mann, the Delta Devils lay claim to the nation's top
rebounder. They also own a little history.

Longtime Delta Devils coach Lafayette Stribling has taken three teams to the big
dance. In 1986, they terrified No. 1 seed Duke as a 26- point underdog (they're
23-point dogs today) before eventually losing 85- 78.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              695 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                            August 13, 2016 Saturday

Dani Garavelli: Olympic best still reveals sexism at its worst

BYLINE: Dani Garavelli

LENGTH: 1003  words


Before I came across a photograph of Simone Biles - floating upside down above
the beam, her legs in the splits position, her eyes trained like a sniper's on
the spot on which she needed to land - I had been semi-detached from the Rio
Olympics. Ever since, though, I have been feverishly googling the American
gymnast and watching spellbound as she leaps and flips and contorts her body
into anatomy-defying shapes.

Part of my fascination is born of nostalgia. Back in 1976 - the first Olympics I
can remember - I was similarly transfixed by Nadia Comaneci wrapping herself
around the asymmetric bars and by her string of perfect 10s. But Comaneci - and
Olga Korbut before her - were frail and waiflike; their vulnerability was part
of their appeal. For all her 4ft 8-inch frame, Biles exudes strength. It is the
consummate alliance of grace and power that makes her performances so
compelling.

There are many strong women at this year's Olympics: Biles, Katherine Grainger,
Katie Ledecky, Majlinda Kelmendi, Katinka Hosszu and Jessica Ennis-Hill. A
greater proportion of the participants are women than ever before (45 per cent
compared to just 23 per cent at the 1984 Los Angeles games) and they have been
consistently toppling records, both their own and other people's.

Unfortunately, physical prowess - however conspicuous - is not enough to exempt
women from sexism and many of those taking part have experienced attempts to
belittle them by commentators unable to shake off crude gender stereotypes.
NBC's Jim Watson was one of the worst offenders. As Biles excelled on the bars,
he said: "I think she might go higher even than some of the men." Watson also
suggested the US gymnastics team, who were talking to each other on the
sidelines, "might as well be at the mall"; as if women who dedicate their lives
to elite sport have idle hours to squander shopping for fripperies.

But the compulsion to measure women's achievements against a male yardstick was
pretty much endemic. So many people referred to the "masculinity" of Katie
Ledecky's strokes, or called her the "female Michael Phelps", NBC commentator
Ryan Gaines felt obliged to point out: "She doesn't swim like a man, she swims
like Katie Ledecky."

In search of clicks, the Chicago Tribune referred to trap shooting bronze
medallist Carey Cogdell only as the "wife of a Bears linesman" and when Hosszu
smashed the 400-metre individual medley world record, NBC (yes, them again)
commentator Dan Hicks credited her coach and husband Shane Tusup as "the man
responsible for turning her into a whole different swimmer".

There was much more of the same: Swedish swimmer Sarah Sjostrom being asked if
she would dance the samba on Copacabana beach after she broke her own world
record in the 100-metre butterfly, Kosovan gold medallist Kelmendi's judo bout
being described as a "catfight" and speculation over how South Korean volleyball
player Kim Yeon-koung would find a boyfriend given her height (she's 6ft 3ins).

None of this is surprising. Sexism in sport has been causing controversy for
years - long before Sky Sports reporters Andy Gray and Richard Keys were sacked
for undermining female linesman Sian Massey by suggesting "women don't know the
offside rule". Swimmer Rebecca Adlington had to put up with Frankie Boyle
mocking her appearance, Ennis-Hill with Tyson Fury suggesting she looked "quite
fit when she put a dress on".

Shortly before the Rio Olympics, Cambridge University Press released a report
highlighting discrepancies between the way fans and the media talk about men and
women in sport. It discovered the words most frequently used when discussing
female athletes were "older", "pregnant", "married", "unmarried", while those
most frequently used with men were "fastest", "strong", "big" and "great".

The demeaning of women in sports can erode confidence both individually and
across society. While taking part in the reality TV show I'm A Celebrity,
Adlington broke down as she described how the constant sniping made her
uncomfortable with her own body. And statistics suggest 50 per cent of girls
drift away from sport in puberty because physical exertion are anathema to the
norms of "femininity" or simply because they have been conditioned to believe
they can't compete with boys.

Some are already challenging this. While Gap took pelters for its "The Little
Scholar" and "The Social Butterfly" adverts for boys and girls, the sanitary
protection company Always has been tackling stereotypes head-on.

Its original #LikeAGirl campaign took the prejudice of the Olympics coverage -
that the "proper" way to swim, fight or run is "like a man" - and turned it on
its head, assuring young women they could achieve whatever they set their mind
to; and on their own terms too. One of the highlights of my limited Olympic
viewing has been Always' new ad, which features fierce little sports-girls
defying social expectations to run, box, play rugby and lift weights.

I know: it's a marketing ruse. But given, in the past, sanitary protection
commercials were predicated on the belief a woman's greatest worry during her
period was having to get into a lift full of men while wearing skin-tight white
trousers, it is progress.

Though many of the attitudes on display at the Olympics are retrogressive, the
games still fill me with optimism. Those unreconstructed commentators are the
last of a dying breed, disoriented and dismayed by the existence of powerful
women who feel no need to conform. Women like US swimmer Lilly King who - after
winning gold in the 100m breaststroke, and ticking off Russian swimmer Yulia
Efimova for dope violations - said: "I am not some sweet little girl."

In 20 years, what we will remember from Rio 2016 will not be a handful of inane
comments, but a succession of seminal moments: Grainger bagging her fifth
Olympic medal, Ethiopian Almaz Ayana shaving an astonishing 14 seconds off the
previous world record in the 10,000 metres and the incandescent Biles, birling
through the stadium like a Catherine Wheel.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              696 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                            August 13, 2016 Saturday

Dani Garavelli: Olympic best still reveals sexism at its worst

BYLINE: Dani Garavelli

LENGTH: 1003  words


Before I came across a photograph of Simone Biles - floating upside down above
the beam, her legs in the splits position, her eyes trained like a sniper's on
the spot on which she needed to land - I had been semi-detached from the Rio
Olympics. Ever since, though, I have been feverishly googling the American
gymnast and watching spellbound as she leaps and flips and contorts her body
into anatomy-defying shapes.

Part of my fascination is born of nostalgia. Back in 1976 - the first Olympics I
can remember - I was similarly transfixed by Nadia Comaneci wrapping herself
around the asymmetric bars and by her string of perfect 10s. But Comaneci - and
Olga Korbut before her - were frail and waiflike; their vulnerability was part
of their appeal. For all her 4ft 8-inch frame, Biles exudes strength. It is the
consummate alliance of grace and power that makes her performances so
compelling.

There are many strong women at this year's Olympics: Biles, Katherine Grainger,
Katie Ledecky, Majlinda Kelmendi, Katinka Hosszu and Jessica Ennis-Hill. A
greater proportion of the participants are women than ever before (45 per cent
compared to just 23 per cent at the 1984 Los Angeles games) and they have been
consistently toppling records, both their own and other people's.

Unfortunately, physical prowess - however conspicuous - is not enough to exempt
women from sexism and many of those taking part have experienced attempts to
belittle them by commentators unable to shake off crude gender stereotypes.
NBC's Jim Watson was one of the worst offenders. As Biles excelled on the bars,
he said: "I think she might go higher even than some of the men." Watson also
suggested the US gymnastics team, who were talking to each other on the
sidelines, "might as well be at the mall"; as if women who dedicate their lives
to elite sport have idle hours to squander shopping for fripperies.

But the compulsion to measure women's achievements against a male yardstick was
pretty much endemic. So many people referred to the "masculinity" of Katie
Ledecky's strokes, or called her the "female Michael Phelps", NBC commentator
Ryan Gaines felt obliged to point out: "She doesn't swim like a man, she swims
like Katie Ledecky."

In search of clicks, the Chicago Tribune referred to trap shooting bronze
medallist Carey Cogdell only as the "wife of a Bears linesman" and when Hosszu
smashed the 400-metre individual medley world record, NBC (yes, them again)
commentator Dan Hicks credited her coach and husband Shane Tusup as "the man
responsible for turning her into a whole different swimmer".

There was much more of the same: Swedish swimmer Sarah Sjostrom being asked if
she would dance the samba on Copacabana beach after she broke her own world
record in the 100-metre butterfly, Kosovan gold medallist Kelmendi's judo bout
being described as a "catfight" and speculation over how South Korean volleyball
player Kim Yeon-koung would find a boyfriend given her height (she's 6ft 3ins).

None of this is surprising. Sexism in sport has been causing controversy for
years - long before Sky Sports reporters Andy Gray and Richard Keys were sacked
for undermining female linesman Sian Massey by suggesting "women don't know the
offside rule". Swimmer Rebecca Adlington had to put up with Frankie Boyle
mocking her appearance, Ennis-Hill with Tyson Fury suggesting she looked "quite
fit when she put a dress on".

Shortly before the Rio Olympics, Cambridge University Press released a report
highlighting discrepancies between the way fans and the media talk about men and
women in sport. It discovered the words most frequently used when discussing
female athletes were "older", "pregnant", "married", "unmarried", while those
most frequently used with men were "fastest", "strong", "big" and "great".

The demeaning of women in sports can erode confidence both individually and
across society. While taking part in the reality TV show I'm A Celebrity,
Adlington broke down as she described how the constant sniping made her
uncomfortable with her own body. And statistics suggest 50 per cent of girls
drift away from sport in puberty because physical exertion are anathema to the
norms of "femininity" or simply because they have been conditioned to believe
they can't compete with boys.

Some are already challenging this. While Gap took pelters for its "The Little
Scholar" and "The Social Butterfly" adverts for boys and girls, the sanitary
protection company Always has been tackling stereotypes head-on.

Its original #LikeAGirl campaign took the prejudice of the Olympics coverage -
that the "proper" way to swim, fight or run is "like a man" - and turned it on
its head, assuring young women they could achieve whatever they set their mind
to; and on their own terms too. One of the highlights of my limited Olympic
viewing has been Always' new ad, which features fierce little sports-girls
defying social expectations to run, box, play rugby and lift weights.

I know: it's a marketing ruse. But given, in the past, sanitary protection
commercials were predicated on the belief a woman's greatest worry during her
period was having to get into a lift full of men while wearing skin-tight white
trousers, it is progress.

Though many of the attitudes on display at the Olympics are retrogressive, the
games still fill me with optimism. Those unreconstructed commentators are the
last of a dying breed, disoriented and dismayed by the existence of powerful
women who feel no need to conform. Women like US swimmer Lilly King who - after
winning gold in the 100m breaststroke, and ticking off Russian swimmer Yulia
Efimova for dope violations - said: "I am not some sweet little girl."

In 20 years, what we will remember from Rio 2016 will not be a handful of inane
comments, but a succession of seminal moments: Grainger bagging her fifth
Olympic medal, Ethiopian Almaz Ayana shaving an astonishing 14 seconds off the
previous world record in the 10,000 metres and the incandescent Biles, birling
through the stadium like a Catherine Wheel.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SWTS


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              697 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                            August 13, 2016 Saturday

Dani Garavelli: Olympic best still reveals sexism at its worst

BYLINE: Dani Garavelli

LENGTH: 1003  words


Before I came across a photograph of Simone Biles - floating upside down above
the beam, her legs in the splits position, her eyes trained like a sniper's on
the spot on which she needed to land - I had been semi-detached from the Rio
Olympics. Ever since, though, I have been feverishly googling the American
gymnast and watching spellbound as she leaps and flips and contorts her body
into anatomy-defying shapes.

Part of my fascination is born of nostalgia. Back in 1976 - the first Olympics I
can remember - I was similarly transfixed by Nadia Comaneci wrapping herself
around the asymmetric bars and by her string of perfect 10s. But Comaneci - and
Olga Korbut before her - were frail and waiflike; their vulnerability was part
of their appeal. For all her 4ft 8-inch frame, Biles exudes strength. It is the
consummate alliance of grace and power that makes her performances so
compelling.

There are many strong women at this year's Olympics: Biles, Katherine Grainger,
Katie Ledecky, Majlinda Kelmendi, Katinka Hosszu and Jessica Ennis-Hill. A
greater proportion of the participants are women than ever before (45 per cent
compared to just 23 per cent at the 1984 Los Angeles games) and they have been
consistently toppling records, both their own and other people's.

Unfortunately, physical prowess - however conspicuous - is not enough to exempt
women from sexism and many of those taking part have experienced attempts to
belittle them by commentators unable to shake off crude gender stereotypes.
NBC's Jim Watson was one of the worst offenders. As Biles excelled on the bars,
he said: "I think she might go higher even than some of the men." Watson also
suggested the US gymnastics team, who were talking to each other on the
sidelines, "might as well be at the mall"; as if women who dedicate their lives
to elite sport have idle hours to squander shopping for fripperies.

But the compulsion to measure women's achievements against a male yardstick was
pretty much endemic. So many people referred to the "masculinity" of Katie
Ledecky's strokes, or called her the "female Michael Phelps", NBC commentator
Ryan Gaines felt obliged to point out: "She doesn't swim like a man, she swims
like Katie Ledecky."

In search of clicks, the Chicago Tribune referred to trap shooting bronze
medallist Carey Cogdell only as the "wife of a Bears linesman" and when Hosszu
smashed the 400-metre individual medley world record, NBC (yes, them again)
commentator Dan Hicks credited her coach and husband Shane Tusup as "the man
responsible for turning her into a whole different swimmer".

There was much more of the same: Swedish swimmer Sarah Sjostrom being asked if
she would dance the samba on Copacabana beach after she broke her own world
record in the 100-metre butterfly, Kosovan gold medallist Kelmendi's judo bout
being described as a "catfight" and speculation over how South Korean volleyball
player Kim Yeon-koung would find a boyfriend given her height (she's 6ft 3ins).

None of this is surprising. Sexism in sport has been causing controversy for
years - long before Sky Sports reporters Andy Gray and Richard Keys were sacked
for undermining female linesman Sian Massey by suggesting "women don't know the
offside rule". Swimmer Rebecca Adlington had to put up with Frankie Boyle
mocking her appearance, Ennis-Hill with Tyson Fury suggesting she looked "quite
fit when she put a dress on".

Shortly before the Rio Olympics, Cambridge University Press released a report
highlighting discrepancies between the way fans and the media talk about men and
women in sport. It discovered the words most frequently used when discussing
female athletes were "older", "pregnant", "married", "unmarried", while those
most frequently used with men were "fastest", "strong", "big" and "great".

The demeaning of women in sports can erode confidence both individually and
across society. While taking part in the reality TV show I'm A Celebrity,
Adlington broke down as she described how the constant sniping made her
uncomfortable with her own body. And statistics suggest 50 per cent of girls
drift away from sport in puberty because physical exertion are anathema to the
norms of "femininity" or simply because they have been conditioned to believe
they can't compete with boys.

Some are already challenging this. While Gap took pelters for its "The Little
Scholar" and "The Social Butterfly" adverts for boys and girls, the sanitary
protection company Always has been tackling stereotypes head-on.

Its original #LikeAGirl campaign took the prejudice of the Olympics coverage -
that the "proper" way to swim, fight or run is "like a man" - and turned it on
its head, assuring young women they could achieve whatever they set their mind
to; and on their own terms too. One of the highlights of my limited Olympic
viewing has been Always' new ad, which features fierce little sports-girls
defying social expectations to run, box, play rugby and lift weights.

I know: it's a marketing ruse. But given, in the past, sanitary protection
commercials were predicated on the belief a woman's greatest worry during her
period was having to get into a lift full of men while wearing skin-tight white
trousers, it is progress.

Though many of the attitudes on display at the Olympics are retrogressive, the
games still fill me with optimism. Those unreconstructed commentators are the
last of a dying breed, disoriented and dismayed by the existence of powerful
women who feel no need to conform. Women like US swimmer Lilly King who - after
winning gold in the 100m breaststroke, and ticking off Russian swimmer Yulia
Efimova for dope violations - said: "I am not some sweet little girl."

In 20 years, what we will remember from Rio 2016 will not be a handful of inane
comments, but a succession of seminal moments: Grainger bagging her fifth
Olympic medal, Ethiopian Almaz Ayana shaving an astonishing 14 seconds off the
previous world record in the 10,000 metres and the incandescent Biles, birling
through the stadium like a Catherine Wheel.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              698 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                            August 13, 2016 Saturday

Dani Garavelli: Olympic best still reveals sexism at its worst

BYLINE: Dani Garavelli

LENGTH: 1003  words


Before I came across a photograph of Simone Biles - floating upside down above
the beam, her legs in the splits position, her eyes trained like a sniper's on
the spot on which she needed to land - I had been semi-detached from the Rio
Olympics. Ever since, though, I have been feverishly googling the American
gymnast and watching spellbound as she leaps and flips and contorts her body
into anatomy-defying shapes.

Part of my fascination is born of nostalgia. Back in 1976 - the first Olympics I
can remember - I was similarly transfixed by Nadia Comaneci wrapping herself
around the asymmetric bars and by her string of perfect 10s. But Comaneci - and
Olga Korbut before her - were frail and waiflike; their vulnerability was part
of their appeal. For all her 4ft 8-inch frame, Biles exudes strength. It is the
consummate alliance of grace and power that makes her performances so
compelling.

There are many strong women at this year's Olympics: Biles, Katherine Grainger,
Katie Ledecky, Majlinda Kelmendi, Katinka Hosszu and Jessica Ennis-Hill. A
greater proportion of the participants are women than ever before (45 per cent
compared to just 23 per cent at the 1984 Los Angeles games) and they have been
consistently toppling records, both their own and other people's.

Unfortunately, physical prowess - however conspicuous - is not enough to exempt
women from sexism and many of those taking part have experienced attempts to
belittle them by commentators unable to shake off crude gender stereotypes.
NBC's Jim Watson was one of the worst offenders. As Biles excelled on the bars,
he said: "I think she might go higher even than some of the men." Watson also
suggested the US gymnastics team, who were talking to each other on the
sidelines, "might as well be at the mall"; as if women who dedicate their lives
to elite sport have idle hours to squander shopping for fripperies.

But the compulsion to measure women's achievements against a male yardstick was
pretty much endemic. So many people referred to the "masculinity" of Katie
Ledecky's strokes, or called her the "female Michael Phelps", NBC commentator
Ryan Gaines felt obliged to point out: "She doesn't swim like a man, she swims
like Katie Ledecky."

In search of clicks, the Chicago Tribune referred to trap shooting bronze
medallist Carey Cogdell only as the "wife of a Bears linesman" and when Hosszu
smashed the 400-metre individual medley world record, NBC (yes, them again)
commentator Dan Hicks credited her coach and husband Shane Tusup as "the man
responsible for turning her into a whole different swimmer".

There was much more of the same: Swedish swimmer Sarah Sjostrom being asked if
she would dance the samba on Copacabana beach after she broke her own world
record in the 100-metre butterfly, Kosovan gold medallist Kelmendi's judo bout
being described as a "catfight" and speculation over how South Korean volleyball
player Kim Yeon-koung would find a boyfriend given her height (she's 6ft 3ins).

None of this is surprising. Sexism in sport has been causing controversy for
years - long before Sky Sports reporters Andy Gray and Richard Keys were sacked
for undermining female linesman Sian Massey by suggesting "women don't know the
offside rule". Swimmer Rebecca Adlington had to put up with Frankie Boyle
mocking her appearance, Ennis-Hill with Tyson Fury suggesting she looked "quite
fit when she put a dress on".

Shortly before the Rio Olympics, Cambridge University Press released a report
highlighting discrepancies between the way fans and the media talk about men and
women in sport. It discovered the words most frequently used when discussing
female athletes were "older", "pregnant", "married", "unmarried", while those
most frequently used with men were "fastest", "strong", "big" and "great".

The demeaning of women in sports can erode confidence both individually and
across society. While taking part in the reality TV show I'm A Celebrity,
Adlington broke down as she described how the constant sniping made her
uncomfortable with her own body. And statistics suggest 50 per cent of girls
drift away from sport in puberty because physical exertion are anathema to the
norms of "femininity" or simply because they have been conditioned to believe
they can't compete with boys.

Some are already challenging this. While Gap took pelters for its "The Little
Scholar" and "The Social Butterfly" adverts for boys and girls, the sanitary
protection company Always has been tackling stereotypes head-on.

Its original #LikeAGirl campaign took the prejudice of the Olympics coverage -
that the "proper" way to swim, fight or run is "like a man" - and turned it on
its head, assuring young women they could achieve whatever they set their mind
to; and on their own terms too. One of the highlights of my limited Olympic
viewing has been Always' new ad, which features fierce little sports-girls
defying social expectations to run, box, play rugby and lift weights.

I know: it's a marketing ruse. But given, in the past, sanitary protection
commercials were predicated on the belief a woman's greatest worry during her
period was having to get into a lift full of men while wearing skin-tight white
trousers, it is progress.

Though many of the attitudes on display at the Olympics are retrogressive, the
games still fill me with optimism. Those unreconstructed commentators are the
last of a dying breed, disoriented and dismayed by the existence of powerful
women who feel no need to conform. Women like US swimmer Lilly King who - after
winning gold in the 100m breaststroke, and ticking off Russian swimmer Yulia
Efimova for dope violations - said: "I am not some sweet little girl."

In 20 years, what we will remember from Rio 2016 will not be a handful of inane
comments, but a succession of seminal moments: Grainger bagging her fifth
Olympic medal, Ethiopian Almaz Ayana shaving an astonishing 14 seconds off the
previous world record in the 10,000 metres and the incandescent Biles, birling
through the stadium like a Catherine Wheel.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SWTS


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              699 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            April 20, 2013 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Fear must not give way to vigilante justice

SECTION: NEWS REVIEW; Leaders; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 772 words


Accidents can be avoided but everyone accepts that they happen occasionally. The
commonsense response is to calmly examine the cause and fix the problem so as to
minimise the risk of a repeat.

The same response should be applied to the acts of terrorism in Boston during
this very sad week.

The Texas fertiliser blast has also left many dead and injured. As we turn our
thoughts to the victims and their families, let's hope it was an accident and
not an act of sabotage or deliberate violence. That would only inflame already
volatile emotions, which are certain to become even more vexed after the murder
of an officer at Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Boston on Friday.

The MIT incident ended a week when scores were also killed in an earthquake in
Iran and terrorists attacked across the Middle East.

Yet many Australians shrugged off those events to focus on Boston. Given the
human brain's subconscious "just like us" bias - and the devaluing effect of
repeated but barely reported terrorism and natural disasters in unfamiliar lands
- that oversight is understandable. It is also regrettable.

The Boston bombs elicited overwhelming public empathy mixed with increasingly
disproportionate fear and loathing. That is not to belittle the pain of the
victims or the public's right to feel angry. Rather, it explains why everyone
needs to be wary of vigilante justice fuelled by shock.

The urge, naturally, is to seek retribution against anyone who might have
intentionally killed the innocent.

The measure of commonsense and decency is how well individuals and opinion
makers restrain that urge. Objectively, Boston suffered the first terrorist
strike on the US mainland since September 11, 2001, and the victims endured
horrible injuries. But more have died in many other natural disasters and acts
of evil.

Subjectively, Boston shocked many who could easily recall similar attacks on
other Western targets: Bali twice and even the Sandy Hook shooting in
Connecticut in December.

So the heightened Australian response to Boston reflects some "familiarity
bias", a tendency to estimate the risk of a repeat based on how many similar
previous similar events you can recall.

What's more, Boston and Sandy Hook came together on Monday when the marathon was
dedicated to the 26 school shooting victims.

The shared values of the US and Australia as well as the "just like us" victims
mean emotions are driving our response to Boston. What if evil people like the
culprits came for us?

Media moulding of public opinion is playing a part. People shocked into fear are
prone to a dangerous trick of the brain, "confirmation bias". They seek out,
value and rely on information that validates their views above clear evidence to
the contrary or, in this case so far, no evidence either way.

The early restraint in not rushing to judgment in Boston soon gave way to
assumptions about ethnicity and a willingness to accept the veracity of photos
of alleged suspects. One US newspaper published a front-page photo of two
innocent teenagers under the heading: "Bag men - police seek these two pictured
at Boston Marathon".

Most media outlets, we trust, deliver on their intent to provide readers fair
and factual reports with respect for victims, a presumption of innocence and
careful avoidance of stereotyping.

But in the 24/7 news cycle, being first and/or sensational at whatever cost
equates to being profitable.

Social media has a crucial influence on public responses as well. With mostly
good intentions, social media outlets have been harnessing the power of citizens
to help hunt down the culprits.

One site tried to minimise the risks by telling users to "keep in mind that most
or all of the 'suspects' being discussed are, in all likelihood, innocent people
and that they should be treated as innocent until they are proven guilty". Of
course the images of the innocent teenagers and many others went viral anyway.

People power can be virtuous but the dangers of vigilante justice increase when
herd mentality is fuelled by emotion-driven fear and loathing.

The warning is particularly important now the FBI has enlisted the help of
mainstream and social media to distribute photos of two suspects - not the
teenagers.

In releasing the images, FBI Special Agent Richard DesLauriers summed up the
need for restraint: "For more than 100 years the FBI has relied on the public to
be its eyes and ears ... For clarity these images should be the only ones, and I
emphasise, the only ones, that the public should view to assist us. Other photos
should not be deemed credible and may unnecessarily divert the public's
attention in the wrong direction."

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION: By Alan Moir

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              700 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 17, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Tips for a Better Parent-School Relationship;
A Few Suggestions From Both Sides Of the Discussion

BYLINE: Jay Mathews, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A Section; A08

LENGTH: 926 words


In many ways, parents are the most important teachers children will ever have.
But drawing them into schools is often difficult. So is forging a constructive
parent-school relationship. Teachers complain about parents who meddle too much
and those who can't be found. Parents say that educators claim to want more
involvement but that they belittle their suggestions.

Here are 10 recommendations for better relations from educators and school-savvy
parents.

Speeches by principals at back-to-school nights and fliers schools send home
often require translation  --  not from English to Spanish but from educational
gobbledygook to everyday language. Fairfax County parent Karen Budd said such
terms as "small learning communities," "meta-cognition," "cooperative learning,"
"discovery learning," "constructivism" and "multiple intelligences" are
unintelligible to people who did not attend education school. "The 'eduwocky'
used by school administrators . . . leaves parents speechless and unable to
question as they should," Budd said.  Some jargon, she said, cloaks methods that
don't work well.

Often, the best place to meet parents is at home or in a  house of worship or
community center. While working in New York, veteran educator Daniel A. Domenech
once threw a party with food at a school. The party drew three parents. "I held
my next meeting in the basement of the local church after services that Sunday.
It was a packed house," said Domenech, who later served as Fairfax County
superintendent. In Frederick County, Walkersville High enlists activists to drum
up attendance at school functions. "We have found that intervention by someone
they know and trust, another parent, has a far greater effect than home visits
or calls from the school," said Principal Becky Koontz. In Loudoun County,
Dominion High parent liaisons Taryn Simms and Duke Butkovich go door-to-door
with guidance director Kevin Terry to invite parents to school events.

In Howard County, a community action team sponsors an annual Multicultural Day
at Laurel Woods Elementary School. Parents give presentations in several
classrooms on the cultures and customs of their home countries, and children
travel from room to room with special blue "passports."

At Arlington's Key Elementary School, Principal Marjorie Myers has a policy that
spurs immigrant parents to get involved: She celebrates anything that gets them
inside her school. "I am even happy when non-English-speaking parents come to
complain to me or my assistant principal, because this is counter to their
culture," said Myers, who learned Spanish when her military father moved the
family to Spain. "Their coming in tells me that we have established a comfort
level in the main office that has given them the power to feel safe talking to
me. I always tell my parents it is their job to speak out for their child."

It's hard to overstate the importance of a school leader who listens to parents
and knows how to speak to them. Domenech recently attended a meeting of Hispanic
parents at Fairfax High School and watched Principal Scott Brabrand, who is not
Hispanic, give his presentation in Spanish. "I could see the smiles and the
appreciation that they felt for this administrator who went out of his way to
communicate to them in their native language," Domenech said.

Many schools encourage parents to serve as hallway or playground monitors or
help with small classroom tasks. That gives teachers more time to prepare
lessons and work with students.

The U.S. Education Department praised Brunswick Elementary School in Frederick
County for such efforts as an annual book collection drive. The campaign fills
classroom libraries and helps supply family literacy events. In Prince George's
County, Steve Barish extolled an overnight trip he and 24 other parents from
Rockledge Elementary School took with their children to Camp Schmidt, an outdoor
education center. "What attracted a lot of us was the offer to take a whole day
off to be with our kids," he said.

Margaret Brent Middle School in St. Mary's County has  Take a Parent to School
Week. Each day covers a different subject, with parents able to visit classes
and meet with curriculum specialists. Timothy Dawson, principal of Baltimore
City College, a public high school, suggests an alternative to the common
practice of sending suspended students home: Parents should be required to spend
an entire school day with their child and attend each class.

The Prince George's County Community Services Coalition sponsored a five-hour
parents' summit Saturday at Surrattsville High School in Clinton. The day
included workshops on asking the right questions about drugs and dealing with
new state high school graduation requirements. Key Elementary in Arlington holds
a Padres Unidos (Parents United) meeting two Wednesdays each month. Experts
teach about the school's math curriculum, personal financial accounting and
other topics, and parents get to use school computers.

Educators at such inner-city schools as Garfield High School in East Los Angeles
and Christopher Columbus Middle School in Union City, N.J., reversed a common
formula. Instead of building parent support to improve schools, they found that
improving the schools built support. Garfield's strong Advanced Placement
program and Columbus's computer education program led more parents to attend
school meetings. Word of the educational successes spread in the neighborhoods.
The lesson, educators said: Parents will recognize and buy into a good product
when they see it.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                              701 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                           February 21, 2006 Tuesday

Woodland's trip to state recalled by Tombaugh

BYLINE: JIM BARNHART

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 633 words


The more the merrier! That is Ron Tombaughs take on the Illinois High School
Association going from two to four classes for the state basketball tournament.

Based on his personal experiences, Tombaugh is a solid booster for more small
schools being able to play at the state, although he will tell you, "Not to
belittle the Peoria Civic Center, but it is no Assembly Hall.

"I was one of the first to benefit from Chuck Rolinskis idea of A and AA," he
said.

Tombaugh, who farms alongside Route 18 east of Streator, played on the Woodland
High School team that reached the Elite Eight in 1972.

"The experience of playing in a state tournament has been a tremendous boost of
confidence as I got older," he said.

Tombaugh started as a junior on the 1972 team, which finished with a 25-5 record
and might have not made the state if the one-class system had remained in place.

Larger Streator, a few miles to the north, had an excellent team, a 19-8 record
and might have emerged victorious if both were assigned to the same regional.

"Not bad for a skinny 6-2 farm kid with no shot," said Tombaugh. "I only shot 88
times in those 30 games. We were a disciplined team that was strong defensively.

"When we beat Chicago Christian in the Pontiac Super-Sectional, we had just five
fouls. We held six of our opponents to less than 40 points a game."

Woodland was coached by Jerry Ross, but when the school board offered Ross a
minimal raise, he left coaching for insurance.

"The coaching change hurt us," said Tombaugh. "My senior year was a bit of a
letdown, but I still averaged 10 points and 10 rebounds a game."

Tombaughs college basketball career was not as glamorous, but exciting.

He has an agriculture degree from the University of Illinois and his career was
such that he worked under three coaches: Harv Schmidt, Gene Bartow and Lou
Henson.

Tombaugh was at Champaign-Urbana during Schmidts final year as coach; during
Bartows one-year stint; and then spent two years with Henson.

Tombaugh can recall being a chauffeur for the deceased Illini coach Harry Combes
after a preseason game.

"In my freshman year I was lucky to get into a physical education class for
basketball conditioning with the rest of the team," said Tombaugh. "I got to
scrimmage with the team in preseason.

"But, I did not make the team in preseason tryouts. Freshmen were varsity
eligible then and about 75 of us tried out for the jayvees. However, I was asked
to be an equipment manager and dress for the junior varsity games."

Prior to his last season, Tombaugh was promoted to senior manager under Henson.

"I got to travel with the team, except for going to Hawaii," he said. "Cecil
Coleman (athletic director) said they did not have the money to send me."

During his first few years, Tombaugh was able to sit on the visitors bench with
coaches such as Bob Knight, Johnny Orr, Fred Taylor and Dick Vitale.

"Plus, I had the added bonus of hosting the visitors in their pre-game
workouts," he said.

Tombaugh will never forget the 100<+>th anniversary of Illinois basketball last
season.

"What a thrill it was being part of the 300 in attendance and be part of the
group picture taken on the floor," he said.

In addition to farming, Tombaugh is associated with several hay organizations
and will become national president in 2008.

He owns several semi-trucks and dispatches them around the country, dealing with
hay.

He drove one truck loaded with hay to Kentucky over this past weekend.

"This is what I do during my slow time," he explained.

Jim Barnhart is the retired sports editor of The Pantagraph. Contact him at
brnhrtj@aol.com

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Pantagraph


                              702 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                        April 4, 2016 Monday 1:04 PM GMT

Ryan Tannehill: I didn't belittle Dolphins team-mate's paycheck;
QB denies telling team-mate 'enjoy your practice-squad paycheck'Tannehill did
admit to negative comments during heated practice

BYLINE: Guardian sport

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 419 words


Miami Dolphins QB Ryan Tannehill admitted on Wednesday that he snapped at his
scout-team defense during last weekend's practice before the Jets game in London
- but Tannehill insisted he did not tell a team-mate to "enjoy your
practice-squad paycheck."

The quarterback spoke to the media after practice to try and tamp down on the
latest negative report to come out of the crisis-hit Dolphins.

Tannehill said: "It was a day before the [Jets] game, and I didn't feel we were
getting the looks that we needed before a game, so I got upset. But I said
nothing about a paycheck or anything close to that. I know everyone in this
building works hard every single day. So I respect that and I would never take a
shot like that.

Related:  How the Dolphins went from marquee name to the NFL's sunniest garbage
heap

"Am I happy about everything I said? No. [Am I happy] the things went down the
way they did? No. I hold myself to a higher standard than to take a shot at
something like that."

The Miami Herald reported on Monday that Tannehill got angry when linebacker
Chris McCain went in more aggressively than usual for a Saturday practice.
Tannehill reportedly said something to the effect that he would prepare a scout
team trophy for him.

Tannehill admitted he made negative comments about "a scout team or trophy"
after the defense was giving him trouble in practice.

The quarterback said: "I was heated, I'm very passionate about this game. I put
a lot into it, put a lot into my preparation, how I go about my business every
day. And I feel like it's the day before the game and it's crucial to our
preparation and how we go into a game. I did get upset and said those things,
but I talked to those guys and cleared the air with them and we're moving
forward."

Tannehill had his worst game of the season against the Jets at Wembley. He threw
for a season-low 198 yards, two touchdowns and two interceptions in the
Dolphins' 27-14 loss. The Dolphins have had a miserable start to the new NFL
season, and coach Joe Philbin was fired on Monday with the team 1-3.

According to Tannehill, he spoke to his team-mates afterwards to clear the air,
and maintained there were no hard feelings. But on Wednesday he described as
"sickening" what he considered to be inaccurate reporting.

"To put words into my mouth that I didn't say, to degrade my reputation and what
I stand for - honestly it's sickening to me," Tannehill said. "On top of that,
just the fact that something inside the locker room gets out obviously upsets me
as well."

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              703 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            February 26, 2016 Friday

Your Views

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 1285 words


Obama, invertedQuestioned about Donald Trump's suitability as a candidate,
President Obama responded that Trump should not be elected because the
presidency was "serious" and is not "like entertainment." Just 24 hours earlier,
Obama had taken to social media to weigh in on a battle between competing rap
artists, and three days earlier had hosted a selfie contest on "The Ellen
Degeneres Show." Jonathan Swift was correct when he observed that satire was
like a looking glass wherein criticizing others you could "see everyone's face
but your own."The real issue is not Obama's assessment of Trump's electability
but his methodology. How so? Smarmy political satire, especially from the
president, is a form of bullying.

Using the presidential pulpit to belittle the sincere beliefs of others is a
sure recipe for disastrous executive politics. One needs look no further than
our current state of affairs, from race relations to foreign policy to the
endless cycle of poverty and despair among our most disadvantaged classes, to
see this tragic reality. The irony is that Trump's popularity is a direct result
of Obama's intransigent leadership, which has disenfranchised huge swaths of our
populace. For his part, Trump routinely employs, to great effect, Obama's
divisive rhetoric but with a change in whose ox is to be gored. Trump is Obama,
inverted. With all due respect to Mr. Swift, the correct question is, do we
really want four more years of the Obama style of failed leadership in the form
of Trump?Kyle Toal, Oklahoma City&nbsp;Free trade has failedIf you're wondering
why Donald Trump is winning the vote across America, you're either very young,
or stone dead. During the last 40 years, America's political leaders and the
trade policies they passed allowed and even encouraged foreign companies to
compete unrestricted against American companies, especially American companies
in heavy manufacturing, construction equipment and automotive
manufacturing.&nbsp; While America was practicing free/fair trade, foreign
companies and their governments (China, Korea, Japan, India, etc.) were stealing
American technology, copying our best ideas, manipulating their currency, and
subsidizing their key industries so they could undermine American companies and
our workers. As a result, thousands of towns all over America have been gutted
of their best employers, leaving millions of middle-class workers unemployed,
causing families to fall apart, and communities to become a shell of what they
once were.&nbsp;All of this was caused by our political class, both Democratic
and Republican. And while American families were struggling to find ways to
adjust to this onslaught, our political leaders were making promises, giving
themselves cushy retirement packages, gold-plated health care insurance,
comfortable salaries and listening and working for their money changers.&nbsp;If
we want a change, then it's time to shake up the "status
quo."&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;John Kokalis, WeatherfordMissing George W.As a lifelong
Democrat, I am shocked to find that Donald Trump has made me miss George W.
Bush.Jerry R. Bettis, StillwaterTrump is like PattonMike Meador (Your Views,
Feb. 21) stated that Donald Trump was unworthy of support as a candidate for
president. He broadly painted Trump as "uncivil, ungentlemanly," among other
comments concerning Trump's integrity and qualifications. The statements Meador
made could also describe another American of an earlier time, one who was
belittled by the press because he made comments that rubbed people the wrong
way. That was Gen. George A. Patton, who stated that "All Americans love a
winner, and will not tolerate a loser." Trump and the general share some
important traits. Both have and had the ability to lead men in difficult times
and produce positive results. Trump is the only candidate who has met a payroll
and has management skills that few of the others have. Everyone needs to decide
which candidate fits the proper profile in their mind for the next president. I
am going with strength, and I'm confident Trump will be polite when he has to
be.Daniel Willis, Oklahoma CityNo record to go onTake caution as Super Tuesday
and the Republican primary arrive. Donald Trump is an outsider to the Washington
political scene.&nbsp;He cannot be faulted for creating or contributing to the
problems that beset and upset Americans. However, Trump also is an outsider when
it comes to not having a record of any action he has taken in support of his
current positions. At best he's a voice, espousing positions he has never done
anything about.&nbsp;Without a track record of action, as citizen Trump, he
leaves us in a similar situation Barack Obama presented in 2008.&nbsp;
Supporting an untested, unproven candidate like Trump is like "buying a pig in
the poke" -&nbsp;it remains to be seen just what we'll get.&nbsp;Those who think
it can only be better than what we've gotten to date -&nbsp;take caution. What
about Trump's record, not his rhetoric, warrants such confidence as to entrust
the presidency to him?Douglas Burr, EdmondNot impressedU.S. Rep. Tom Cole
visited recently for a town hall meeting. He explained how anger from the
electorate toward the Republican-led Congress is misplaced. He explained that he
and his colleagues had done "all they could do" with a Democrat president, and
conservatives like me should be pleased with their efforts. In short, Cole
demonstrated in real-time why "establishment" Republicans are failing. Instead
of a plan for moving forward (other than giving them the White House), we got
excuses for the status quo. Instead of articulating and propounding clear,
conservative principles, we were admonished for wanting alternative conservative
leadership. With Jeb Bush dropping out of the race, Republicans who are still in
office might help themselves with some retrospection on how they failed their
base and how they have failed to "sell" conservatism. The Democrats in the room
gave Cole their unstinting approval. Conservatives? Not so much.Lance Bohannon,
FrederickPotential solution?Oklahoma is a leader in early childhood education.
The results are undeniable -&nbsp;pre-K students are better prepared for
kindergarten. But unfortunately, by third grade the benefits have faded. Could
elimination of pre-K reduce the teacher shortage and provide a source of funding
for a much-needed raise for our teachers? Probably, but it and other cost
reduction initiatives like school district consolidation won't be given serious
consideration when the option of a tax increase is on the table.Gary Parish,
Oklahoma CityTime for an updateIn January 2014, Gov. Mary Fallin and the
Commissioners of the Land Office sued Pointe Vista Development for failing to
deliver a contracted hotel and convention center. The state wanted to either
move the development forward, or take back the 758 acres of Lake Texoma State
Park land sold to Pointe Vista in 2008. After 20 months of delay, Fallin
announced a "settlement agreement" had been reached. The land office abandoned
its lawsuit, and proposes releasing Pointe Vista from its development
contract.&nbsp; The office also proposes letting Pointe Vista keep 700 acres of
state park land.&nbsp;The Oklahoman reported that the governor's office could
not provide a copy of the settlement at that time, "because it has not been
written yet," according to Fallin's press secretary. Sen. Josh Brecheen and
Reps. Tommy Hardin and Dustin Roberts said they would be requesting quarterly
updates. We are way past due for a "quarterly update." When will officials
produce the final settlement agreement that will be submitted for court
approval?Stephen Willis, Kingston&nbsp;

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              704 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Weatherford Democrat (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 10, 2015 Thursday

Morningstar announces new details

BYLINE: Maggie Fraser, Weatherford Democrat, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 467 words


Dec. 10--Two years after construction began, the first lots of the Morningstar
master-planned community are nearing completion.

Tim Fleet, of Lackland Holdings, spoke at the East Parker County Chamber of
Commerce monthly luncheon on the development's progress.

"I don't want to belittle what's already out here," Fleet said. "But I will say
I firmly believe Morningstar will be a very nice community we can all be proud
of."

Fleet and Kim Gill, of Sable Holdings, are the developers responsible for the
737-acre master-planned community.

Presently, 340 lots are under development. Utilities have been installed on 140
lots. Within the next three weeks, utilities will be installed on another 200
lots.

Each year, between 140 and 200 homes will be built until the development reaches
build-out at about 2,100 homes, Fleet said.

The development's first water line is under construction, and the next water
line and offsite sewer line will be installed in the first week of January.

As soon as construction is finished on the first 340 lots, more lots will be
developed.

"We're already working on our design and construction plans for the next 200
lots," Fleet said.

Homeowners will pay taxes to the municipal utility district, the county, the
hospital district, and the Aledo Independent School District.

Morningstar has an agreement with the city of Fort Worth that the development
will not be annexed for a minimum of 20 years.

When annexation does happen, taxes paid to the municipal utility district will
instead be paid to the city of Fort Worth, but homeowners will see no change in
the amount of the tax rate, Gill said.

Taxes will still be paid to Aledo ISD, Parker County, and the hospital district.

"The homeowners pay the same taxes as they would if they were in the city,"
Fleet said. "When the bonds are paid off in a minimum of 20 years, Fort Worth
will come in and annex Morningstar. And they'll keep paying the same tax rate."

The developers have also donated two and a half acres of the commercial tract to
the county, which will build a new sub-courthouse on the land.

Because the development falls within Emergency Services District 1, the county
will provide fire and police services, as well as road maintenance, Fleet said.

The county will maintain those roads for up to 20 years, when the annexation
agreement with the city of Fort Worth expires.

Dues for the community's home owners association are estimated at about $70 per
month, Fleet said.

There are also plans to widen the bridge on Farm-to-Market 1187, and add turn
lanes and a right-of-way at the Morningstar entrance.

For more information, visit welcometomorningstar.com.

___ (c)2015 Weatherford Democrat (Weatherford, Texas) Visit Weatherford Democrat
(Weatherford, Texas) at weatherforddemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151210-ZQ-Morningstar-announces-new-details-1210-20151210

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZQ


                      Copyright 2015 Weatherford Democrat


                              705 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     October 7, 2015 Wednesday 9:27 PM GMT

Ryan Tannehill: I didn't belittle Dolphins team-mate's paycheck;
QB denies telling team-mate 'enjoy your practice-squad paycheck'Tannehill did
admit to negative comments during heated practice

BYLINE: Guardian sport

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 419 words


Miami Dolphins QB Ryan Tannehill admitted on Wednesday that he snapped at his
scout-team defense during last weekend's practice before the Jets game in London
- but Tannehill insisted he did not tell a team-mate to "enjoy your
practice-squad paycheck."

The quarterback spoke to the media after practice to try and tamp down on the
latest negative report to come out of the crisis-hit Dolphins.

Tannehill said: "It was a day before the [Jets] game, and I didn't feel we were
getting the looks that we needed before a game, so I got upset. But I said
nothing about a paycheck or anything close to that. I know everyone in this
building works hard every single day. So I respect that and I would never take a
shot like that.

Related: How the Dolphins went from marquee name to the NFL's sunniest garbage
heap

"Am I happy about everything I said? No. [Am I happy] the things went down the
way they did? No. I hold myself to a higher standard than to take a shot at
something like that."

The Miami Herald reported on Monday that Tannehill got angry when linebacker
Chris McCain went in more aggressively than usual for a Saturday practice.
Tannehill reportedly said something to the effect that he would prepare a scout
team trophy for him.

Tannehill admitted he made negative comments about "a scout team or trophy"
after the defense was giving him trouble in practice.

The quarterback said: "I was heated, I'm very passionate about this game. I put
a lot into it, put a lot into my preparation, how I go about my business every
day. And I feel like it's the day before the game and it's crucial to our
preparation and how we go into a game. I did get upset and said those things,
but I talked to those guys and cleared the air with them and we're moving
forward."

Tannehill had his worst game of the season against the Jets at Wembley. He threw
for a season-low 198 yards, two touchdowns and two interceptions in the
Dolphins' 27-14 loss. The Dolphins have had a miserable start to the new NFL
season, and coach Joe Philbin was fired on Monday with the team 1-3.

According to Tannehill, he spoke to his team-mates afterwards to clear the air,
and maintained there were no hard feelings. But on Wednesday he described as
"sickening" what he considered to be inaccurate reporting.

"To put words into my mouth that I didn't say, to degrade my reputation and what
I stand for - honestly it's sickening to me," Tannehill said. "On top of that,
just the fact that something inside the locker room gets out obviously upsets me
as well."

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              706 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           February 4, 2012 Saturday

SUPER BOWL XLVI: THE REMATCH BELITTLE BROTHER Peyton hogging spotlight during
Eli's big moment

BYLINE: George Willis

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 50

LENGTH: 632 words


INDIANAPOLIS Peyton Manning made national headlines again yesterday and likely
will do so again today, making him the focus of about as many stories in the
buildup to Super Bowl XLVI as his brother Eli.

I understand it's Peyton's city and Peyton's stadium, and I understand his
uncertain future with the Colts is a story of high interest. But it seems like
Peyton can't help but upstage his little brother, who deserves to be the star of
the biggest game of the year.

It's easy to blame the media for the constant string of Peyton Manning stories
this week that have made the Giants quarterback an afterthought. The thirst for
updates on Peyton's surgically repaired neck and the Colts' impending decision
whether to pick up his $28 million option are ongoing news stories.

But it seems to me Peyton could have put most of this on hold until after the
Super Bowl. He had to know what kind of reaction any comment from him would
generate.

Maybe it's a not-so-buried sibling rivalry. Think about it. In the two weeks
since the Giants beat the 49ers to win the NFC Championship in overtime and
reach Super Bowl XLVI, Peyton Manning has given an extensive interview to the
Indianapolis Star in which he complained about the dreary atmosphere at the
Colts facility.

He also triggered a public spat with Colts owner Jim Irsay, who called Peyton "a
politician." Then he released a joint statement with Irsay forging a truce that
began to fracture Tuesday when Peyton gave another interview to ESPN.

The gloves were off again late Thursday when a doctor who treated Peyton
announced the Colts quarterback is "medically cleared to play professional
football" as if he had a game tomorrow.

Irsay promptly tweeted, "Peyton has not passed our physical nor has he been
cleared to play for the Indianapolis Colts."

The point here is the doctor never would have issued a public statement Thursday
without Peyton's permission to do so.

It's enough to make Giants fans say, "Shut up already."

There has been more trash talk between Irsay and Peyton Manning this week than
between the Giants and Patriots, prompting someone to ask NFL Commissioner Roger
Goodell during his state-of-the-league address yesterday if all the fuss about
Peyton Manning has been a distraction.

"We all know what Peyton Manning means to the Indianapolis Colts, what he means
to this community," Goodell said. "I think it's not unusual when you have that
kind of interest in a great player and team that has to make some difficult
decisions in the next several weeks."

Eli has been asked repeatedly about his brother's status, which he answers
essentially the same way each time.

"I know he wants to continue to play football if that's an option," he says.
"The No. 1 priority for him is to get 100 percent [healthy]. Until he gets to
that position, it's tough to say what is going to happen."

Peyton's agent, Tom Condon, insisted Peyton had no intention of upstaging his
brother.

"Certainly, he wants the focus to be on Eli," Condon said. "He's excited about
his brother being in the Super Bowl. "Eli's a great player, and any question
about whether he is an elite quarterback I suppose has been answered. But
there's no way to have a Super Bowl in Indianapolis where Peyton's brother is
one of the quarterbacks in Peyton's hometown and not talk about Peyton."

Condon spread word Peyton is "making good progress" on his rehab, a signal
Peyton expects to play in 2012.

When asked whether the Jets were on the radar as a possible landing spot should
Peyton be released, Condon said, "There's nobody on the radar. We haven't talked
with anybody. He's under contract with the Colts."

Hopefully, that's enough about Peyton Manning. After all, this is Eli's Super
Bowl.

george.willis@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NOT A FAIR SHAKE: Peyton Manning has wormed his way into the headlines
during Super Bowl week, when younger brother Eli should be the focus. AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              707 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            December 5, 2010 Sunday

Fines could strengthen players' solidarity in CBA negotiations

BYLINE: John Harris

LENGTH: 286 words


This is bigger than James Harrison.

Not to belittle Harrison's battle with the NFL over excessive fines, but the
league's rank and file could play a significant role as players and management
hammer out a new collective bargaining agreement.

Think of the possibilities.

Players around the league unite in their disapproval of how fines are levied and
strategically use that solidarity as a bargaining chip in negotiations.

Chicago Bears linebacker Brian Urlacher and Baltimore Ravens linebacker Terrell
Suggs questioned the league's decision to fine Harrison $25,000 for his helmet
hit on Buffalo Bills quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick -- bringing Harrison's season
total to $125,000.

If NFL players are unhappy because Harrison and other defenders are fined for
"legal" hits that critics describe as borderline at best, what better way to
express their frustration than to muck up negotiations?

In a show of frustration, Steelers defensive captain James Farrior called out
NFLPA executive director DeMaurice Smith last week for not addressing players'
concerns. Smith is the players' voice in negotiations.

"I think guys maybe just want an explanation,'' said Steelers free safety Ryan
Clark, who's also the team player rep. "He does not have to come out here. He
can call or whatever, but we'll see how it plays out."

Players already are unhappy over talk of an 18-game regular season. Excessive
fines for questionable hits could push players over the edge and create a
stalemate in negotiations.

Players need to feel they have a voice, that their opinion matters. If the
current trend of dishing out fines continues, the NFL could have a real fight on
its hands before a new deal is reached. If one is reached at all.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2010 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              708 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Daily Telegraph (LONDON)

                          September 27, 2006 Wednesday

Sketch The great egotist belittles Brown's leadership bid

BYLINE: Andrew Gimson

SECTION: NEWS; LABOUR IN MANCHESTER; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 554 words


IF Tony Blair was running for the leadership of the Labour Party he would be
unstoppable. Yesterday he stole the show. Mr Blair proved that when it comes to
delivering a rousing, stage-managed speech which cheers the party faithful, he
is in a class of his own.

Mr Blair has mastered a complete range of rhetorical effects. He can do jokes,
he can do pseudo-modern jargon and he can do cheap emotion.

The Prime Minister's sub-religious tone sends a heart-warming sense of moral
uplift coursing through the veins of his listeners, without actually requiring
them to do anything more strenuous than applaud him. His false modesty has
established him as one of the great egotists of our time.

But Mr Blair did not deploy these gifts in the service of a leadership bid. He
instead deployed them to stop someone else's.

The speech amounted to a sustained assault on Gordon Brown. Within a few
moments, Mr Blair had cracked an amusing joke about his wife, Cherie: "At least
I don't have to worry about her running off with the bloke next door.''

The bloke next door is Mr Brown. In a single line, Mr Blair had contrived to
remind us of the scathing comments - "lies'', "rubbish'' - which Mrs Blair is
said to have made about Mr Brown's speech, and to suggest that Mr Brown is
hopelessly unattractive to women.

The message that Mr Brown is a very odd man was reinforced in a passage a few
moments later in which Mr Blair described meeting "the most normal people I had
met in the Labour Party'' in his own constituency of Sedgefield, and went on:
"They taught me that most of politics isn't about politics - It's about being a
fully paid-up member of the human race.''

This was brutal. Mr Brown is often attacked for not being a fully paid-up member
of the human race, by critics who fail to realise how human it is to be shy and
awkward when called on to bare one's heart before an audience of millions.

Mr Blair betrays no trace of shyness or awkwardness. Our glib and self-assured
Prime Minister said of Mr Brown: "He is a remarkable man. A remarkable servant
to this country. And that is the truth.''

This struck us as quite extraordinarily ungenerous. Mr Blair posed as a decent
man who is struggling to find something nice to say about a complete oddball.

Mr Blair attempted to avoid sounding vainglorious, but did not manage to curb
his tendency for getting completely out of hand in remarks about the Middle
East: "From now until I leave office I will dedicate myself, with the same
commitment I have given to Northern Ireland, to advancing peace between Israel
and Palestine. I may not succeed. But I will try because it is right in itself
and because peace in the Middle East is a defeat for terrorism.''

Holy Tony strides bravely off into the sunset, his staff held firmly in his
hand, his self-righteousness invincible. If anything has gone wrong in Iraq, it
is in no way his fault: "We will not win until we shake ourselves free of the
wretched capitulation to the propaganda of the enemy, that somehow we are the
ones responsible. This terrorism isn't our fault. We didn't cause it.''

Holy Tony offered his party one last, ghastly assurance: "In the years to come,
wherever I am, whatever I do, I'm with you, wishing you well, wanting you to
win. You're the future now. Make the most of it.''

In other words, you're on your own, guys.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Telegraph Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              709 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           December 5, 2002, Thursday

SEE CITY HALL CLICK - ONLINE

BYLINE: BY MICHAEL SAUL

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 120 words

Live from New York - it's City Hall.

Mayor Bloomberg and City Council Speaker Gifford Miller (D-Manhattan) announced
yesterday that mayoral events in the Blue Room and stated meetings of the City
Council will be webcast live on the Internet.

Cynics might belittle the idea as a surefire cure for insomnia, but City Hall
leaders lauded the innovation as bringing democracy to the people.

"City government should be easily accessible to New Yorkers everywhere,"
Bloomberg said in a statement. "These live Internet webcasts will give anyone
with an Internet connection a front-row seat to their government."

Mayoral events can be viewed at www.nyc.gov. Council meetings can be viewed at
www.council.nyc.ny.us.


LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2002 Daily News, L.P.


                              710 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                          November 29, 2001, Thursday

NEW YORK'S LATEST VICTIMS'

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 042

LENGTH: 268 words


New York University Medical Center and the national YWCA last night hosted a
"community outreach" program designed to alert - if not persuade - New Yorkers
that they may be victims of post-traumatic-stress disorder.

Indeed, say some health officials, upwards of 100,000 people in post-9/11
Manhattan alone may be victims of PTSD - which one interested party terms "far
more prevalent than diabetes or asthma."

Is that so? Not to belittle what happened that terrible day - and the effect
that the destruction of the Twin Towers had on people in this town - but it
seems to us that America's penchant for self-designated victimhood is surfacing.

And no good is likely to come of it.

Nobody who was in the city on that day will ever forget it. Some were closer to
events than others - but the day when New Yorkers need simply to get on with
their lives is rapidly approaching.

Assignment of group victim status deriving from a "syndrome" that nobody ever
heard of before under-employed shrinks thought it up two decades ago is
precisely the wrong way to go.

Not to mention that tort-bar vultures presently will be circling overhead in
search of clients; no need to help them.

In addition, last night's program was meant to alert New Yorkers to a range of
potential PTSD "symptoms" - including "disturbing thoughts and dreams."

Amazingly, only one medication - manufactured by Pfizer - is officially approved
by the Food and Drug Administration to treat PTSD. And guess which drug company
happened to be a co-sponsor of last night's program: Pfizer.

Trolling for customers, perhaps?

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2001 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              711 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

Yes review showed poor judgment

SOURCE: The Gazette

SECTION: EDITORIAL / OP-ED, Pg. B6

LENGTH: 115 words


Your review of the recent Yes concert reflected nothing but poor taste, insight
and judgment and offended not only the band, the fans, the local members of the
Montreal music community playing in the orchestra but The Gazette's reputation
as well (Gazette, Aug. 30, "Yes moves in slow motion").

A successful critic neither belittles or humiliates but rather invokes a greater
awareness in his audience about his chosen topic. Accomplished musicians who
stand the test of time and endear generations of music fans deserve more than
the pathetic diatribe conjured up in your review, regardless of what a critic
might think of their music.

Scott Michael Mapes

Burlington, Vt.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              712 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     August 25, 2000, Friday, Home Edition

MOVIES: 'Crew' is the lowest of low-rent comedies

BYLINE: Steve Murray, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Preview; Pg. 12P

LENGTH: 449 words

REVIEW
"The Crew"
Grade: F
Starring Richard Dreyfuss and Burt Reynolds. Rated PG-13 for sexual content,
violence and profanity.  At metro theaters. 1 hour, 28 minutes.
The verdict: As entertaining as Ovaltine, it's a lead contender for worst movie
of the year.


"The Crew" stereotypes Jews and Hispanics and belittles the group it's supposed
to be celebrating, retirement-age Americans. Even worse, the movie's not even
funny.

Richard Dreyfuss, Burt Reynolds, Dan Hedaya and Seymour Cassel play four mafia
wiseguys, now retired to a creaky Miami apartment building where the rent keeps
climbing due to the South Beach renaissance. The guys fix that by stealing a
John Doe from the city morgue and leaving the body in their building's lobby,
making it look like a mob hit. Residents flee; the rent drops.

The movie is so out of touch with reality, it shows national news teams covering
the story of the fake killing. Hello, this is Miami. A story like that would be
lucky to rate a paragraph in the daily paper.

Anyway, things get complicated, because the corpse turns out to have been the
dad of a Latin drug boss (Miguel Sandoval), who happens to live next door to a
rich Jewish widow named Pepper (Lainie Kazan), whose stepdaughter just happens
to be a stripper named Ferris (Jennifer Tilly), whom Cassel has been paying for
sex.

Some lame plot twists and accidents ensue, all investigated by two cops (Jeremy
Piven and Carrie-Anne Moss). If you're surprised to hear that the female officer
is Dreyfuss' long lost daughter, maybe your expectations are low enough for this
movie.

"The Crew" is jerry-built entirely of tired, crowd-tested pieces: grumpy old
men, mafia cliches, dumb slapstick comedy and, of course, a few gratuitous peeks
inside Ferris' strip club. To call this movie by-the-numbers would be an insult
to numbers.

Dreyfuss must have meditated on his Oscar in order to deliver lines like, "
Fuhgeddaboutit, nobody's gonna whack nobody." Then there's the scene where he
has to hold Reynolds' head in the toilet bowl, and you wonder if Burt's toupee
is going to peel off.  That's the closest the movie comes to suspense, whereas
the level of humor is along the lines of this quip from Pepper: " Thank God her
father is dead, 'cause this would've killed him." Oh no, stop, you're killing
me.

When Reynolds yells, "We would have been better off dead," you can't help
thinking it's an ad lib, that he's speaking for the whole cast. Oh, well, here's
hoping they enjoyed some nice beach time while in Miami. But why write any more
about "The Crew"? There's no reason to spend too much effort on it. After all,
the people who made the movie sure didn't.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Seymour Cassel (from left), Dan Hedaya, Burt Reynolds and Richard Dreyfuss play
four mafia wiseguys who mess with the wrong corpse./ ROBERT ZUCKERMAN /
Touchstone Pictures
Photo
They're grumpy old mobsters. In the comedy "The Crew," Richard Dreyfuss (above,
from left), Seymour Cassel, Burt Reynolds and Dan Hedaya play retired wiseguys
fighting eviction from their senior citizen hotel in South Beach, Fla./ ROBERT
ZUCKERMAN / Touchstone Pictures (Teaser)

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              713 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              WALL STREET JOURNAL

                            April 25, 2000, Tuesday

REVIEW & OUTLOOK: CHANGE OF HEART

SECTION: Section A; Page 26, Column 1

LENGTH: 28 words


Asides editorial belittles 'latest health revisionism,' recent finding in New
England Journal of Medicine that high-fiber, low-fat diet does not prevent colon
cancer

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

TYPE: EDITORIAL

              Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              714 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                     April 19, 2000 Wednesday Final Edition

Bobby Knight may be an idiot, but he's no cheater

SOURCE: Knight Ridder Newspapers

BYLINE: Drew Sharp

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. F06

LENGTH: 629 words

DATELINE: DETROIT


It's difficult to defend Bobby Knight. The man is basically an ass.

He's crude, needlessly condescending and flat-out disrespectful to those whose
agendas dare conflict with his.

And now that his coaching future is under internal review at Indiana, it's too
easy to call for his head in retaliation for all the smugness and snideness that
practically every reporter has endured during Knight's time with the Hoosiers.

This could be our payback time, Bobby. Now we could belittle you, as you've done
us numerous times.

But no. This is the time to rise above the pettiness and weigh the gravity of
Knight's conduct against all the other ills in college basketball.

Is it a far greater indictment that a coach chokes rather than cheats?

There is no perfect college basketball operation. But for all of Knight's flaws,
the man is honest -- a commodity in short supply in sports these days.

He draws criticism for his interpretation of discipline, but many of his
detractors are an example of the current tendency to pass blame rather than
accept responsibility for underachievement.

Those calling for Knight's ouster do so at the risk of hypocrisy. Many of the
people who chastise Knight's approach to coaching are the ones who complain that
a lack of discipline has caused programs to run amok, with coaches, players and
agents playing fast and loose with the rules.

Question Knight's competency based on a 3-7 NCAA tournament record the last
seven years or a seven-year Big Ten championship drought, but not because of his
method of instilling discipline.

Few outside Indiana will shed a tear if Knight's antics finally catch up to him,
but stop and think how nonsensical it is to toss Knight out of the game but
leave room for the real bad guys of the coaching fraternity. They are the guys
who seem to stay a couple of steps ahead of the NCAA investigators as they go
from school to school, leaving rubble in their wake.

Has Knight ever been found guilty of a major NCAA violation? Has his team been
implicated in a federal investigation involving gambling?

Has Knight been accused of looking the other way when undesirables approach his
players? How often have we heard that former Indiana players have run afoul of
the law years removed from Knight's influence?

You're hard pressed to come up with a "yes," aren't you?

It amazes many people that A.J. Guyton stayed four seasons at Indiana. Of all
the players who bolted from Knight the last three years, most figured Guyton
would be the one to lead the way. His NBA prospects are limited because he's a
6-foot-1 shooting guard who isn't terribly effective on defence. But nobody
doubts that Guyton will make a success of life, largely because of the tough
lessons learned at the top of Knight's lungs.

Guyton personifies the essence of college sports, taking full advantage of an
opportunity to improve his life on several levels -- athletically, academically
and socially.

He put up with the screaming and the belittling because he knew a challenge to
his toughness and maturity lay underneath. He found it after four years and
thanked Knight for providing the strong male influence he lacked growing up on
the tough streets of Peoria, Ill.

Isn't that one of the most important aspects of college coaching?

Indiana has only itself to blame for perpetuating a climate that created Bob
Knight University, building up one individual to deifying proportions. It makes
the school and Knight easy targets for the venom of a vindictive media. But if
you want him fired, give him the boot because the team isn't matching its
previous high competitive standards, not because he supposedly is setting a poor
example.

It's a weightless argument when compared to the game's other, more serious,
maladies.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 2000 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              715 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    September 13, 1998, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

Opinion;
READERS' LETTERS

SECTION: GWINNETT EXTRA; Pg. 10JJ

LENGTH: 617 words


A fitting tribute for deputy's dog I was outraged when I read that there had
been negative comments from some Gwinnett County sheriff's deputies about
Xacko's funeral being "too much trouble for just a dog"! Where are their hearts
and souls?

This idea that "they are just animals" is exactly why our shelters are full of
unwanted pets being euthanized.  For being "just an animal" or "just a dog,"
Xacko and many other dogs in service would and have given their lives to save
their partners.  Dogs love us unconditionally and they love to serve their
masters.

How could anyone want to deny or belittle the grief that Brent Willis suffered
at the passing of his partner and his friend? I applaud those at the sheriff's
department responsible for planning and organizing Xacko's farewell. LESLIE
EVANS, Grayson School board ignores community

My wife and I would like to thank The Atlanta Constitution for the editorial
regarding the impact of the Gwinnett County school board and Gwinnett County
school administration's decision regarding the placement of schools in
industrial areas. They seem out of touch with their constituency, arrogant and
disrespectful to the community they purport to serve.

This is the same insensitivity they exhibited during the recent redistricting in
the Norcross Cluster.

These are two excellent examples showing how the school board and the Gwinnett
County school administration follow the procedures dictated by law but fail to
listen to input from all concerned citizens and to include this input in their
decision-making process. They truly turn a deaf ear to the community. MICHAEL
KROUSE, Norcross Schools will decline with land value

A recent editorial concerned Gwinnett County's practice of locating schools in
commercial zones. The editorial was on target with its criticism of this
practice.

No one, not even the decision makers in the school system, can predict what the
future will hold for Gwinnett. Giving away an extra $ 300,000 with every $
1,000,000 they spend on real estate is unbelievable, isn't it?

By making poor decisions now, the school board can virtually assure that the
atmosphere of "community" and the general quality of education will decline
right along with the real estate in these commercial areas.

I'll bet in the not-so-distant future the board again will introduce an increase
in the school tax rate or an additional sales tax. They'll need the money to pay
for all the expensive property they intend to purchase.

Meanwhile, student-to-teacher ratios are growing and kids are getting less and
less one-on-one attention.

Without the personal efforts of our dedicated teachers and the collective effort
of the PTSA to offset this "institutional" mentality of the board, Gwinnett
schools could easily become education assembly lines.

Ironically, with teachers forced to adopt a "quantity" rather than "quality"
mode of teaching, it seems the responsibility for providing the means to
maintain or improve academic standards now falls to the students and their
parents instead of those we as citizens and taxpayers employ to do that work.

Think about that the next time your child struggles with excessive homework or
needs a tutor or other help to get through school.

As parents, we "purchase" an education for our children through our tax dollars.
In return, the school must provide whatever is necessary to ensure that every
child is educated properly.

I think the school system has many good qualities, but I disagree with the way
the system spends our money. Let's use those extra $ 300,000 chunks on teachers
and teaching aids. The needs of the students must come first. TOM LORD, Stone
Mountain

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

GRAPHIC: Photo :
 Gwinnett Sheriff's Deputy Brent Willis received the flag that was draped
 over his canine partner's coffin. Xacko is buried outside the county
 jail in Lawrenceville. / LOUIE FAVORITE / Staff

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                              716 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                OCTOBER 18, 1997 Saturday MORNING FINAL EDITION

RESIDENTS BELITTLE REPAIRS ON PAJARO LEVEE

BYLINE: JOHN WOOLFOLK, Mercury News Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 24A

LENGTH: 574 words


Pajaro residents gathered on the Pajaro River's levee Friday, watching the Army
Corps of Engineers' monthlong, $650,000 effort to shore up the levee that caused
them many anxious hours during the heavy rains of January.

Flowing at a mere trickle under the glaring sun, the river hardly seemed a
threat worthy of the bulldozers and backhoes furiously piling dirt and rock
along its banks.

But Pajaro residents -- who two years ago fled in terror as heavy rains turned
the river into a torrent that crashed through its levee and into their homes --
were scarcely reassured.

"This is absolutely a joke," said Ellen Hutchings, whose ranch borders the river
in the fertile Pajaro Valley near Watsonville. "Believe me, I'm worried. I don't
want to have three feet of water coming through my house again."

Storms on March 11, 1995, sent the Pajaro River surging over its banks, flooding
surrounding farms, ruining half a billion dollars worth of crops and requiring
$2.4 million in repairs to 14 sections of broken levee.

This month's repair work is part of a $120 million statewide effort by the corps
to fix river levees weakened or wrecked this year by winter storms. Most of the
work is being done in the Central Valley, the scene of massive flooding from
tropical storms that drenched the state in early January.

The work, however, is expected only to restore the Pajaro's levees, not enhance
them, said Army Corps spokesman Doug MaKitten. The corps is only responsible for
maintaining flood-control projects at their existing capacity, and the federal
agency has not been authorized or funded to improve the Pajaro levee system, he
said. County agencies are responsible for routine maintenance, such as clearing
overgrown brush, he said.

But this is not enough, said irritated residents who came out to the levee where
the corps was showing the news media its restoration work Friday. Residents
criticized the corps' effort as insufficient, and said the levees should be
strengthened, not simply fixed. Building the same levee will result in the same
risk of flooding, they said.

"It's another Band-Aid," said Pajaro resident Eugene Tsuji. "All they do is they
plan and they plan and they plan, and meanwhile, we get wet."

Workers are packing 9,000 cubic yards of dirt onto the earthen dike and piling
4,700 tons of rock along the levee's base, MaKitten said. Begun earlier this
month, the Pajaro repair work involves four sections of levee totaling about a
quarter mile, three of them on the southern bank in Monterey County and one on
the northern bank in Santa Cruz County.

"All we can do is repair the damage that has been done," MaKitten said. "We
can't do improvements."

The 1997 storms sent the roiling Pajaro River within inches of its banks,
weakening the levees, which still held.

"The water level was high enough that there was severe erosion," said Duke
Roberts, chief of emergency management at the corps' San Francisco district.
"They just got worn down."

The corps is studying whether flood-control improvements are needed for the
Pajaro basin, "but it will be several years before any action can begin,"
MaKitten said.

Roberts, however, said the current levee system, built in the late 1940s to
withstand a "50-year storm" -- a severity that strikes about once in 50 years --
has proven largely sufficient. Before 1995, the Pajaro River had notflooded in
more than a decade, he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: RELATED STORY: page 1A

                     Copyright 1997 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              717 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             March 23, 1992, Monday

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR Hillary Clinton belittles women who stay at home

BYLINE: By Mark Sherman STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section A; Page 12

LENGTH: 278 words


Hillary Clinton's words spilled across the front page of the paper with a sting:
"I've done the best I can to lead my life. I suppose I could have stayed home
and baked cookies and had teas."

She was responding to Jerry Brown's allegations that her law firm engaged in
impropriety when performing work for the Arkansas state government while her
husband, Bill, held office.

Mrs. Clinton stated that this issue addressed the concerns of dual- career
couples, especially when women are pressured (as in the case of Marilyn Quayle)
to put aside their careers when in conflict with their husband's ambitions.

I understand that. Elevating the husband's career over that of his wife is
discriminatory.

But why did Hillary have to knock stay-at-home women in the process of defending
the integrity of her practice? What was the purpose of insinuating that baking
cookies for one's children and having friends over for tea (coffee's more like
it) are part of an inferior lifestyle?

Since men have minimized the cash value of our domestic activities, do we women
now put each other down in the same way, seeing no value in homemaking either?

The problem with Hillary Clinton's remarks is that women do not support each
other in the entire female experience. These are the days when the
outside-the-home career mom is in.

In the struggle for women's rights outside the home, stay-at-home moms have lost
a lot of dignity and respect. They are put on the defensive to justify their
domesticity.

Is the conspiracy of conformity at work among us? We don't come out of a can.
There are a lot of reasons why people make the choices they do.

LESLIE C. McCLURE, Norcross

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              718 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 7, 1990, Saturday, Final Edition

Rivers-Clyburn Side Belittles U.S. Case;
No Contract-Steering Shown, Attorneys Say

BYLINE: Gabriel Escobar, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE F5

LENGTH: 610 words


After 17 weeks and more than 1,000 exhibits, the government has failed to prove
its conspiracy and bribery case against former D.C. official David E. Rivers and
contractor John B. Clyburn, attorneys for the two men argued yesterday.

In five hours of summations in U.S. District Court, the two attorneys mapped out
their rebuttal to the government's contention that Rivers and Clyburn steered
more than a dozen contracts worth more than $ 2 million to companies owned by
Clyburn or his associates from 1982 to 1987.

Rivers, former director of the D.C. Department of Human Services, and Clyburn, a
personal friend of Rivers's and an influential city contractor, sat impassively
as their two attorneys put forth defenses that often sounded the same theme.

Rivers's attorney, Francis D. Carter, used his full three hours to sum up his
case, often mimicking witnesses and at times mocking the goverment's arguments.

There is no proof, he said, that Rivers and Clyburn were "frothing at the trough
of the District of Columbia." His client, said Carter, was a competent
administrator whose only failing was that he advocated and supported awarding
contracts to minorities.

"There's the watering hole. Go to it," Carter said, paraphrasing Rivers. "I'm
going to introduce you to people." Carter concluded: "Criminally corrupt? Not by
any means."

Most of the evidence -- including more than 300 secretly recorded tapes -- was
obtained by an undercover FBI agent working with a businessman who was unaware
of the government's investigation.

During nearly 3 1/2 hours of closing arguments on Thursday, Assistant U.S.
Attorney Rhonda Fields asserted that Rivers routinely sidestepped procurement
procedures and steered contracts to Clyburn and his associates.

Most of the contracts did not require formal review because they were
noncompetitive under the city's rules. That, argued Fields, prevented others
from questioning the propriety or cost-efficiency of the awards.

Carter and Thomas Dyson, who represented Clyburn, repeatedly asserted that the
government's case never proved that payoffs had been made.

"Look at the government's case and see what is not there," Dyson said. "Many
times what you don't see is the most important thing. There's no money, there's
no fictitious employees . . . . "

An underlying theme of the trial has been the city's method of awarding
contracts. Dyson argued that Clyburn merely used his government contacts.
"That's what people in Washington, D.C., do all the time. It's being done right
now, as you and I are talking in this courtroom," said Dyson.

Carter's sharpest attacks were directed at the FBI and its undercover agent, R.
Leonard Carroll. He painted Carroll as an overzealous agent who, perhaps under
pressure from superiors, pursued Rivers even when it was clear the administrator
was not going for the bait.

At one point, Carroll tried to interest Rivers in ventures including offshore
banks and the air rights over Metro stations. Rivers, said Carter, ignored the
offers.

"Where does that go? Nowhere. Absolutely nowhere, ladies and gentlemen," said
Carter. "But [the government is] still trying."

On Thursday, U.S. District Judge Joyce Hens Green sequestered the 12 jurors and
four alternates after Rivers was mentioned in the drug and perjury trial of
Mayor Marion Barry. A witness in that case testified that Rivers was one of
several people who used drugs with Barry on one occasion. Rivers has not been
charged with any drug crime.

The jurors adjusted to the sequestration with "great zest," Green said from the
bench yesterday. The case is to resume Monday with rebuttal by the government.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 The Washington Post


                              719 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 16, 2007 Sunday
                              Correction Appended
                                 Met 1 Edition

Online Fervor Over the Iraq War Hits the Streets With a Big Thud

BYLINE: Marc Fisher

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 880 words


I hope you enjoy today's biased coverage of this weekend's Iraq war
demonstrations.

("Come quick, Martha -- the media's finally owning up to their bias!")

Anti- or pro-war, journalist, blogger or reader, we can probably agree that news
coverage of events such as yesterday's rallies along the Mall routinely reveals
a strong media bias toward covering crowds of people doing stuff outdoors,
especially on a day featuring crisp air and brilliant sunshine.

I say this not to belittle the several thousand people who devoted their
Saturday to the constitutionally sacred act of sounding off in their nation's
capital. But after talking to many passionate people on both sides, I came away
uncertain about whom they were trying to speak to and what they hoped to
accomplish.

People at the pro-war, pro-surge Gathering of Eagles rally on the Mall and at
the much larger antiwar, anti-Bush march from Lafayette Square to the Capitol
had one thing in common: They were frustrated, both by smaller-than-expected
crowds and by their inability to get their messages across, either in the media
or to their elected officials.

"Nothing," Toby Mikle said when I asked what he expected would come out of the
antiwar rally that he had traveled to from St. Paul, Minn. "I'm really
disappointed. I guess people are too busy with work. Everybody I know has two or
three jobs."

At the pro-war rally, James Choate of Birmingham, Ala., attributed the lack of a
massive turnout to many Americans' belief that they are safer than they really
are. "Most of the country doesn't want to believe" that more terrorist attacks
are inevitable, he said. "Everybody's getting a false feeling of security. Every
morning, I wake up and just hope another 9/11 hasn't happened overnight."

There is, as ever, a vast middle range of people who don't have all the answers.
They don't know whether it's better to withdraw the troops and let Iraqis kill
each other or stick with a long-term military mission that has little prospect
of success.

But many other Americans have concluded either that we must stay in Iraq and
seek something called victory or that this is a war gone bad, and it's time to
end it. The majority in both camps do not attend street rallies.

At any given moment, vastly more people argue and shout on Web sites and blogs
such as dailykos.com and freerepublic.com than attended yesterday's rallies. Are
new channels of protest pushing aside the grand American tradition of taking it
to the streets? Protest organizers say it has become far easier to draw a crowd
online than in person.

Why is it news when several thousand demonstrators take a pleasant walk through
the city but not when many more express the same passions in an online forum?

Protest organizers are perplexed by their inability to turn high antiwar poll
numbers into huge street gatherings. "The size and intensity of the
demonstrations, protests and acts of resistance does not at all measure up to
the vast magnitude of feelings against the Iraq war among the general
population," says a treatise from the ANSWER Coalition, the main organizer of
yesterday's antiwar event.

ANSWER blames a splintering of the antiwar movement. Some of the largest and
best-funded antiwar groups neither embraced nor publicized yesterday's protest.
Some organizers no longer see street actions as effective in changing minds or
policies.

Does it advance a cause when people stand a few feet apart on Pennsylvania
Avenue NW, some chanting, "Hey Bush, what do you say, how many kids did you kill
today?" while a man on the sidewalk shouts back, "Treason! You should be hung.
You hate our country?" Do ritualistic antics and arrests for climbing over a
barricade change any minds?

Hardly anyone on the streets seemed eager to discuss where to go from here. Many
of those chanting slogans such as "out now" and "stay the course" find it hard
to digest the notion that there are antiwar diehards who believe we must stay in
Iraq to prevent wholesale slaughter or that there are true pro-war believers who
have concluded that it would be immoral to allow more Americans to die in a war
that cannot be won.

It would be a shame if our fascination with connecting electronically leads to
the end of our history of gathering in throngs in the shadows of democracy's
marble temples. But new ways of pressuring the powerful are evolving. It's hard
to persuade someone who believes in the efficacy of online organizing that
walking on a D.C. street is a better way to put the screws to politicians than,
say, a demographically targeted e-mail fundraising campaign. Two hundred million
MySpace members can't be wrong, can they?

Political organizers sound much like entertainment executives these days, as
they wonder how to get people off their couches and into public places. But the
real question isn't how to get people to engage in the old way -- it's how to
use new ways to engage them where they are.

The same goes for reporters. Like flies drawn to a porch light bulb, we keep
covering people who take to the streets. And we should.

But it's at least as important to get into the heads and hearts of those who
spent yesterday in their living rooms and back yards or driving around doing
errands, wondering, if only for a moment, whether their country is doing the
right thing.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: DC

CORRECTION-DATE: September 18, 2007



CORRECTION: Â· The headline on a Sept. 16 A-section article about Iraq war
demonstrations held the day before may have given an incorrect impression about
the number of pro-war and antiwar protesters. War opponents significantly
outnumbered war supporters.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              720 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                              May 15, 2007 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Letters to the editor

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 807  words


Where's the Durham Laneer is describing?

Working for the Durham Convention & Visitors Bureau, I get to see first hand
what draws newcomers to Durham. It obviously isn't the place for Mike Laneer
[Letters, May 14]. I wish his family well but I wish he was better informed
and/or didn't feel the need to belittle Durham (lack of decent grocery stores?).

DCVB promotes Durham so my view may be biased but I get to see the balance of
troubling things and also great things that happen here. Crime has been
dramatically reduced and is average for communities of similar make up but it
needs to be driven much lower. Student achievement in public schools is on a par
with nearby counties, sometimes slightly higher, sometimes slightly lower but
higher than the state and national averages. It needs to be even better.

Residents and visitors like Durham's unique sense of place but surveys show they
wish public officials could find a way to improve its curb appeal with much more
intense cleanup. But at its core, Durham is what it is: An authentic and diverse
place where great things happen. A place that is activist and outspoken. A place
highly ranked (No. 15 out of nearly 400 nationally.) A place with an inordinate
share of nationally acclaimed restaurants, festivals, historic sites, hotels,
ball clubs, artists, scientists etc. But you either love it or you are like
Laneer and share a dislike that surveys show is held by less than one in 10
residents.

We don't need to appeal to everyone but we need to make sure we draw newcomers
for whom Durham is incredible and help others find communities more to their
liking.

Reyn Bowman

The writer is president of the Durham Convention & Visitors Bureau.

True volunteerism?

The Parkwood Volunteer Fire Department has done a noble job of upholding the
standard of what a volunteer fire department does for their community.

However, in this changing climate of annexation and growth of the southern part
of Durham, the PVFD has misled people about the true meaning of volunteerism.
They are paying and/or hiring firefighters to staff their equipment and
stations. Some of these hired people are professional firefighters of Durham,
Raleigh and Cary, who are working on their off duty time and being paid
modestly, to say the least. I also believe the same thing is happening in other
volunteer fire departments.

My main point of the matter is this: We are treating these departments like
separate entities and duplicating an existing service at a lower Insurance
Services Office (ISO) rating. It is time to be honest with Durham city
residents. There is a need for volunteers in the rural parts of the county, but
not in the city where tax dollars are being collected for professional emergency
services.

James Reardon

The writer is president of Professional Firefighters of Durham.

A sad apology

So the Durham police department expresses "regret" at the witch hunt they
fomented against the Duke lacrosse players? That's just wonderful! Let's have
them say, "We're sorry" and that'll be enough. Not hardly.

When the lawsuits fall -- and they will -- those who are sued ought to pay out
of their own pockets for their defense. They must not be allowed to dip into
public coffers. The lesson here must be hard, fast and immediate: Political
correctness and reverse racism have their price and their consequence.

The same rubric must also apply to those Duke University professors and
administrators who don't know the basic tenets of American justice: Innocent
until proven guilty.

George Mitchell

Blairsville, Ga.

Keep promises in Darfur

During his recent speech at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum, President Bush
sent a strong message to the Sudanese government when he said, "The time for
promises is over. President Bashir must act." Bush went on to announce several
punitive measures as part of his administration's secretive and long-awaited
"Plan B" of action if the Sudanese government fails to meet the demands of the
international community.

I am tired of Bush's promise to implement "Plan B" and his inability to work
effectively with the international community to put real pressure on the
Sudanese government. We need to see both Bush and President Bashir follow
through on their promises to ensure the deployment of 3,000 U.N. troops in
Darfur, with the eventual deployment of a full hybrid U.N.-AU force of 20,000.
Following through is what counts.

To ensure that justice and accountability are provided for Darfurians, the U.S.
can actively engage the International Criminal Court's investigation in Darfur.
The U.S. can also step it up diplomatically by using its presidency at the U.N.
Security Council this May to focus on Darfur and engage China and Russia.

A stronger U.N. Security Council resolution with increased economic sanctions
and an expanded arms embargo on Sudan would work.

Connie Raper

Durham

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Durham Herald Co.


                              721 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            November 3, 2006 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Pirate Ship Exhibit Plans Sail Into Controversy Over Slavery

BYLINE: BAIRD HELGESON, The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: NATION/WORLD; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 864 words


By BAIRD HELGESON

The Tampa Tribune

TAMPA - A museum exhibit dedicated to a pirate ship would seem like a perfect
fit for Tampa.

The city is the home of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and an annual festival to
celebrate the Spanish pirate Jose Gaspar.

The Museum of Science & Industry's plan to open an exhibit about the pirate ship
Whydah, however, reignited old racial tensions about a vessel that once carried
slaves.

"How do you handle a subject matter this divisive as an entertainment
attraction?" asked James Ransom, a member of the National Coalition of African
American Organizations. "It's hurtful and painful."

Tampa officials nixed plans to bring a museum of artifacts from Whydah
(pronounced WID-ah) in 1993 after the black community complained the display
would belittle or diminish the history of slavery.

Officials had hoped the $70 million pirate museum could jump-start tourism along
Tampa's Garrison Channel. Black business leaders, ministers and professors
complained about being excluded before city leaders unveiled the plan.

MOSI President Wit Ostrenko hopes to ease tensions this time, and assembled a
committee of black leaders to help design the exhibit. He pledged that the
exhibition would be sensitive to their concerns.

"This is about pirates, not about slavery," Ostrenko said. "It won't glorify the
escaped slaves that became pirates on the ship."

Hyping History

Some leaders in the black community said they suspect MOSI waded into the
controversy at least partially to generate hype before the exhibit opens.

Ransom and others said MOSI effectively converted conflict surrounding "Bodies,
The Exhibition" into financial success.

The exhibit, which featured human cadavers in real-life poses, set attendance
records and brought in more than $1 million for MOSI.

The Florida Anatomical Board tried unsuccessfully to prevent Bodies from
opening, saying the exhibit creator couldn't prove the subjects gave permission
to have their cadavers used as exhibit displays.

Terry Davis, of the American Association of Museums, said MOSI is in a unique
position of trying to compete with attractions such as Busch Gardens, The
Florida Aquarium and Orlando theme parks.

"MOSI has to look for anything to distinguish it from the other attractions,"
she said.

That forces MOSI to challenge conventional ideas about what science museums are
supposed to be, Davis said.

Ransom said MOSI has gone too far. "I understand MOSI needs to make a profit,
but it should not be exploiting this story of slavery to do that," he said.

MOSI officials are negotiating with Arts and Exhibitions International to have
the exhibit's world premiere in Tampa. The Aurora, Ohio, company created the
hugely successful King Tut exhibit, which draws about 1 million visitors in each
city. National Geographic has sponsored the Whydah exhibit.

MOSI officials hope for a debut that coincides with the summer release of the
third installment of the "Pirates of the Caribbean" movies.

Don't expect to learn much about Whydah's years carrying slaves, though.

A 12,000-square-foot exhibit could never do justice to a topic as divisive and
complex as slavery, Ostrenko said. Instead, it will offer a focused and
thoughtful look at the archeological significance of the ship and even the
weather that caused the boat's demise. The exhibition would focus on pirates
between the 1600s and 1821, and include relics from other ships.

Nautical Nuggets

Built in London, Whydah carried slaves from West Africa to Jamaica on its maiden
voyage. Samuel Bellamy, a pirate known as Black Sam, eventually hijacked the
ship in the Bahamas and went on a raiding voyage up the Atlantic seaboard. The
ship wrecked in a storm off Cape Cod in April 1717.

A salvage operation found Whydah off the shores of Wellfleet, Mass., in 1984.
Archeologists considered it the first glimpse of a pirate culture known mostly
in folklore. Among the items recovered: cannons, firearms, ammunition, tools,
dinnerware, pagan symbols and clothing.

"This exhibit will set history straight about who these pirates were," Ostrenko
said.

Kevin Yelvington is a University of South Florida associate professor of
anthropology who studied Tampa's debate over the ship in the early 1990s.

Yelvington said he figured the controversy would be good for MOSI's bottom line
when he heard about the exhibit. He's not sure it's good for history, however.

"Obviously MOSI is going for the big splash," he said. In terms of the slavery
part of the story, "I am not sure how MOSI can negotiate this where others have
failed."

Ostrenko is resigned to living with some community unrest.

"You can't please everyone," he said.

Reporter Baird Helgeson can be reached at bhelgeson@tampatrib.com or (813)
259-7668.

Photo credit: National Geographic Society

Photo: Museum of Science & Industry officials hope to open the Whydah exhibit
next summer, to coincide with the third "Pirates of the Caribbean" movie.

Photo credit: National Geographic Society

Photo: Coins and jewelry were recovered from the wreck of the Whydah, a slave
ship that was captured by pirates and was lost in a 1717 storm.

Copyright © 2006, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO 2
.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2006 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              722 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

N.Y.C's Hevesi Looks for Apology from Switzerland

                          January 14, 1998, Wednesday



The effort to provide restitution to Holocaust survivors for funds they lost
during the Nazi era has taken another turn.

New York City Comptroller Alan Hevesi Friday sent a letter to the president of
Switzerland reproving him for a comment that Hevesi said damages the recent
cooperative spirit of those endeavors.

On Dec. 31, Reuters News Service published a story quoting Swiss President
Flavio Cotti as saying criticisms of the effort to repay Holocaust survivors
"come from limited geographic areas, for instance the East Coast of the United
States, and in particular from New York."

Hevesi said in his letter that the comments belittle and minimize criticism of
Switzerland's role during World War II, and "by singling out ... the East Coast
of the United States and New York as the source of the restitution efforts, your
perceived intent borders on anti-Semitism."

The comptroller also asked for an apology.

In October, Hevesi bumped the Union Bank of Switzerland from a letter- of-credit
syndicate backing a $1.075 billion note sale by the city in order to "send the
bank a message" and encourage it to cooperate fully with investigators

But the sanctions were stopped on Dec. 8, after Hevesi joined with other public
officials - including California Treasurer Matt Fong, New York State Comptroller
H. Carl McCall, and Pennsylvania Treasurer Barbara Hafer - to recommend a 90-day
moratorium on the penalties.

- By Daniel Kruger

Copyright c 1998 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.bondbuyer.com

SECTION: THE REGIONS; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 257 words

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                              723 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             June 11, 2011 Saturday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

BLOOMY JOKES AROUND ABOUT MAYOR BALDWIN

BYLINE: By Jonathan Lemire

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 235 words


ALEC BALDWIN'S possible mayoral campaign received an important blessing Friday -
from City Hall's current occupant.

Mayor Bloomberg did not belittle the actor's rumored run for mayor, an idea
Baldwin floated this week to significant media attention.

"If he wants to run, great," Bloomberg said on his weekly radio show, adding
that he's met NBC's "30 Rock" star a few times.

"He's got time to run, but he's got to move into the city. "He's not a city
resident."

Although Baldwin keeps an apartment on Central Park West, his primary residence
is in the Hamptons. He is registered to vote in Suffolk County.

The actor stoked speculation of a possible campaign by noting on Twitter this
week that it was a "long way till November of 2013" and then posting a link to
the song "New York, New York."

Bloomberg, who joked that a Baldwin campaign would be great for the media, did
assure that he and the actor would not be switching jobs.

"I only want him to stay out of my business for the next 935 days," Hizzoner
said. "For the record, I do not plan to go into his business."

The Democratic Baldwin increased his online presence yesterday, relaunching his
Website, alecbaldwin.com.

The site includes sections for Baldwin's writings, such as his "Causes," like
the New York Philharmonic.

The revamped website arrived just a day after Baldwin wrote an essay for The
Huffington Post sympathetic to Rep. Weiner's current dilemma.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Daily News, L.P.


                              724 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                             June 10, 2008 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Calling one a hero doesn't belittle work of others

BYLINE: Dave Banwell, Windsor Star

SECTION: EDITORIAL/OPINION; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 233  words


Re: Red Wings Don't Deserve To Be Called Heroes, June 7, by Deborah Lebouef.

The letter writer contrasts the Detroit Red Wings with the brave men and women
serving in Afghanistan, claiming the Wings don't deserve the title "heroes" and
don't deserve a spot on the front page while the story of a fallen soldier
appears on page A11.

Consider that the word hero has more than one definition and several degrees of
meaning. One definition of hero is: one who shows great courage. Clearly this
definition is suited to our soldiers in Afghanistan.

But, hero is also defined as someone admired for his or her achievements.
Winning the Stanley Cup is no small achievement and certainly under this
definition the Wings qualify as heroes in their own right.

One of my favourite pieces of prose is: "If you compare yourself with others you
may become vain or bitter, for always there will be greater and lesser persons
than yourself."

I think this is tremendous advice whether we apply it to ourselves or the world
around us. It profits you nothing to compare the Red Wings to our soldiers in
Afghanistan and quibbling over the use of the word hero seems to make you
bitter.

These situations are unrelated and the use of the word hero on one certainly
does not detract from the other. In times like these, it is a blessing to have
heroes in out society, be they on the ice or in the battlefield.

Dave Banwell

Windsor

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              725 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                              June 2, 2008 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Canadian men's team is showing signs of brilliance; Outlook encouraging for
national squad as World Cup qualifying set to start soon

BYLINE: IAIN MACINTYRE, Canwest News Service

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 536  words

DATELINE: SEATTLE


This is not the Canada the soccer world knows and belittles.

The men's national team, ranked 62nd on the planet by

FIFA, played five-time World Cup winners Brazil here Saturday and the exhibition
was about what you'd expect - artful creativity with the ball, individual flair
and superb goals. Except that was Canada.

The Brazilians, ranked second in the world and missing only one player from its
full side, needed a gift goal on an errant passback to beat Canada 3-2 in a
tremendously entertaining - and encouraging - game before 47,052 mostly
canary-yellow clad samba dancers at Qwest Field.

The team of one-name stars nearly lost to the team of no-names. But never before
has Canada looked so capable of ending its anonymity in the world game and
rewriting the legacy from decades of pedestrian, uninspiring and unsuccessful
soccer.

Canada opens 2010 World Cup qualifying in two weeks. In its only World Cup
appearance 22 years ago, Canada failed to score a goal, which pretty much sums
up the history of Canadian soccer.

"Not only a lack of scoring, but a lack of creating chances," Canadian
midfielder Dwayne De Rosario said. "But you saw (Saturday) against a great
Brazilian side, we were able to create chances. We were able to have them chase
the ball a little bit and kind of play their own game against them.

"I think anyone that knows the game could see (Saturday), could see in the Gold
Cup (tournament a year ago), here's a team that's playing with flair. Here's a
team that's actually creating chances. Here's a team that can compete with the
U.S., compete with Mexico and - we saw (Saturday) - compete with Brazil."

Now, the Canadians have to compete with St. Vincent and the Grenadines in a
two-game series that starts June 15 in the Caribbean. If Canada advances, it
will draw into CONCACAF's toughest qualifying group alongside Mexico, Jamaica
and Honduras.

Only two of those four will advance to the North and Central American region's
final six-team stage, from which the top three will automatically qualify in
2009 for the following year's World Cup in South Africa.

For Canada, this looks like the Himalayas. But until Saturday, Brazil seemed
like Everest and Canada came within a dislodged piton of the summit.

"It's a great performance, but it's a loss, though" 34-year-old Canadian winger
Tomasz Radzinski said.

In some years, Radzinski was Canada's only international-calibre player. He was
the one-man attack. But the attack now runs through midfield, as it should.
Through De Rosario, the strong, fast 29-year-old who has won numerous team and
individual awards in Major League Soccer. And through quick and clever Julian de
Guzman, who started 33 games this winter for Deportiva La Coruna of Spain's top
league and was named the outstanding player in last year's Gold Cup tournament,
where Canada lost to the United States in the semi-finals on a phantom offside
call.

Note - Canada finishes its World Cup qualifying preparation Wednesday in Florida
with an exhibition game against Panama, but will probably have to play it
without star midfielder de Guzman. De Guzman limped off the field Saturday
against Brazil after straining his Achilles tendon and medial collateral knee
ligament.

Vancouver Sun

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: ROBERT SORBO, REUTERS; Brazil's Diego (right) fights for the ball with
Canada's Julian de Guzman during the first half of their friendly in Seattle
Saturday. ;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              726 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Forward

                                 March 16, 2007

Syrian Soldiers Likely Lack the Fighting Spirit

SECTION: Letters; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 362 words


Opinion writer Martin van Creveld  fails to make his case that based on  the
lessons of the recent war in  Lebanon, a plan he attributes to  Syria for war in
2008 has a reasonable  chance of success (War Clouds  Gather Over the Golan,
March 9).

He belittles the fighting morale of  the Israeli military, calling them
crybabies   or perhaps even worse,  Argentinean  yet mentions nothing  of the
fighting spirit of the Syrian army,  which has not seen war since before  most
of their soldiers were born. I find  it hard to believe that Syrian soldiers
would fight for former ophthalmologist  Bashar Assad with the same fanaticism
that fires Hezbollah, even if Syria's new  Russian weapons are all van Creveld
believes them to be.

More importantly, van Creveld ignores  the political differences. Israel went
to war in Lebanon last year, but not  against Lebanon, taking great pains not
to bring down the Lebanese government.  If Syria were to attack, Assad  and his
government would be top  targets. And unlike in 1973, Russian  weapons no longer
come with the same  warranty: A Defcon-level threat to the  United States to
keep Israeli tanks out  of Damascus.

Van Creveld also doesn't explain  what Syria's actual objective would  be.
Assuming it is to regain the Golan  Heights, the emerging Syrian plan that  he
describes as a good one certainly  would not achieve that. Van Creveld  foresees
no large-scale offensive action  by Syria, just a provocation and then  a
defensive war against air and armor  attacks, to draw out the conflict   until
Jerusalem finally throws in the  towel.

But if Syria does not control the Golan  when the proverbial towel is thrown,
why would Israelis feel pressure to  withdraw from what many consider  part of
their sovereign territory? Israel  may have lost in Lebanon last year,  but it
didn't lose any territory.

To get back the Golan in van Creveld's  scenario, Assad would still have to
follow Sadat's route to peace through  post-war diplomacy and concessions.  In
this age of smart bombs, doesn't  it make more sense for him to do so  before
war, while his palaces, country   and life  are still intact?

Paul Golin  New York, N.Y.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2007 The Forward Association, Incorporated
                              All Rights Reserved


                              727 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             January 7, 2005 Friday
                          FIVE STAR LATE LIFT EDITION

Nothing rivals old-fashioned grudge match

BYLINE: By BRYAN BURWELL

SECTION: SPECIAL SECTION; Bryan Burwell; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 888 words


RIVALRIES DO NOT JUST happen upon us. They are brewed slowly out of the residue
of triumph and frustration, fear and loathing, envy and respect.

Rivalries are culled from the prideful efforts of champions defiantly clinging
to their prized possessions, and the exasperating journeys of all their
salivating foils, aching desperately to stop the never-ending beat-downs and
grab a little postseason glory of their own. So maybe the football gods really
did get it right when they put together this NFC wild-card duel between the Rams
and the Seattle Seahawks.

The rest of the football world might want to belittle this Saturday afternoon
showdown at Qwest Field. Yet if you've paid close attention, you'd realize just
how many delicious subplots weave throughout this third meeting of the season.
They might not be the most glamorous teams in the NFL's postseason party, but
they sure are the most hostile rivals vying for an unlikely trip to the Super
Bowl.

What makes this the most intriguing battle of this wild-card weekend is what
makes all great rivalries so special. This clash is dripping with derision and
disrespect, jealousy and animosity. The Rams privately think the Seahawks
represent everything old champs despise in snot-nosed pretenders. They view the
9-7 NFC West champion Seahawks as frauds who tried to ascend to the top of the
division long before they did anything to earn it. And where do the Rams rest in
Seattle's minds? Well try as they might to convince themselves that the Rams are
long-in-the-tooth has-beens, the Seahawks have not quite been able to prove that
St. Louis' time has passed.

"We're just as talented or more talented than this team coming in here," Seattle
cornerback Ken Lucas said. "But they do things to win the game. If we don't get
it the third time, we need to be whipped. You can't let the same team beat you
that many times in the same year. That's an embarrassment to us and the
organization."

The Rams have their number and they know it. The Rams have won both meetings
this season, three in a row and four of the past six. The Seahawks know how
important this playoff game is, because it carries far more weight than just a
chance to advance one step closer to the Super Bowl. They know that before they
can ever begin to walk tall, they need to take care of the Rams once and for
all.

They need to erase that little bit of negative energy from the last time the
Rams traveled to Qwest Field, Oct. 10, when the Rams made up a 17-point
fourth-quarter deficit to win 33-27 in overtime. For three quarters, Seattle
dominated the Rams, and the capacity crowd reveled in the moment. They screamed
and shouted and hurled every conceivable insult at the Rams for most of the
afternoon.

But as soon as Shaun McDonald raced 52 yards for the winning touchdown, the
whole place fell silent.

"I mean you could hear a pin drop," Rams defensive end Leonard Little recalled.
"You couldn't hear anyone saying a thing."

Little smiled when he said that, savoring the memory of that remarkable moment.

"Hopefully we'll get the same result this week," he said.

The Rams know the Seahawks have a lot more to prove in this game than they do.
They would enjoy nothing more than to stomp back into Seattle's house and spoil
their season once and for all. The last time they were here, that dramatic
victory sent the Seahawks on an emotional tailspin.

"When all of us are done playing this game, we'll still remember that game as
one of the most embarrassing games we've ever played," Lucas said this week.
"You never forget a game like that. I want to be able to tell my kids and my
family and friends that we redeemed ourselves in the same year and beat them in
a game that really counted."

But now the Rams are spoiling for another opportunity to stick it to Seattle.
Imagine what sort of emotional wreckage could be caused by knocking them off
again at their own place. That wouldn't just mess with them psychologically, it
could wreck the entire franchise from its foundations.

This game and this postseason are the defining moments in Mike Holmgren's reign
as the head coach and builder of this franchise. This was supposed to be the
year the 'Hawks made a legitimate run to the Super Bowl. But now after the
struggles of this 9-7 season, and with the Seahawks still waiting to win their
first playoff game in 20 seasons, this could be the end of the line for Holmgren
if they fail.

The Rams know what's happening here. They know exactly what's at stake.

A complete dismantling of a franchise Holmgren hand-picked and tried to rear. If
the Seahawks fail this postseason, many of the 16 pending free agents (and
perhaps the coach, too) will spread to the wind. How can the Seahawks keep
together their core of running back Shaun Alexander, quarterback Matt Hasselbeck
and tackle Walter Jones?

Three months ago, at the end of the shocking vanquishing of the Seahawks, wide
receiver Isaac Bruce stomped defiantly on the Qwest Field turf, planting his
helmet onto the turf like some ancient conqueror while shouting at the stunned
and silenced spectators, "You ain't won NUTHIN' yet!"

And now Bruce and the Rams are back, ready to do it again, ready to stick the
knife even deeper into their chests and inflict far more psychological damage.
And really now, isn't that precisely what you'd expect a real rival to do?

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  PHOTO BY THE ASSOCIATED PRESS -  If the Rams win Saturday afternoon,
Seattle coach Mike Holmgren (above) and several Seahawks players might be on the
way out.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              728 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                            July 21, 2004 Wednesday

Stop name-calling, check church's views

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 354 words


This is in response to a letter  "Church belittles value of women," (YourViews,
July 13).

In it I find an increasingly alarming practice. Instead of discussion of the
issues, there is a retort to name-calling and gross caricaturing. Thus someone
having an opinion, regardless of their reasons, is called "hateful,
discriminating, and devaluing of women," and their doctrine is seen as leading
to "violence toward women" or being tantamount to "telling a woman she may as
well not be alive."

I agree that any doctrine taken to an extreme can lead to such abuses, but I
challenge Ms. (Kristy) DeWall to see if this is true by visiting East White Oak
Church.

Many doctrines, just like the one worrying Ms. DeWall, if taken to an extreme is
a bad thing! Many who embrace freedom of speech use it somewhat hypocritically -
to curtail another's freedom of speech by name-calling. Thus if someone is
called 'hateful' they may be silenced into not expressing views, which may or
may not be 'hateful,' for fear of these labels.

Meanwhile those who concoct such labels espouse how much they have a right to
their free speech.

Secondly,  the statement, "Jeff VanGoethem may come across as a lovely man of
the cloth. Don't be deceived ... Do your research," is disingenuous.
Characterizing Jeff to be a deceitful person with a big dark secret is unfair.

By the very virtue that he publishes his views, is it possible that his stance
on women in ministry is some sort of deep, dark, hidden secret! By the way, I
encourage anyone to go to EWO's Web site to read Jeff's views, see his
reasoning, and agree or disagree with him, rather than such caricatures.

My alarm is not Ms. DeWall's position. Rather I am concerned with "bulverism" -
that tendency of argumentation that just does not have anything to do with
reason but rather name-calling and obviating another's right to contrary points
of view. A better way is to be charitable, discuss positions in context, and
agree or disagree on the merit of one's position.

Jonathan M. Corbett

Matteson

The writer is a former Bloomington-Normal resident and member of East White Oak
Church.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The Pantagraph


                              729 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                      May 17, 2001 Thursday Final Edition

Mr. Cleanup gets U.S. recognition; Grimsby man gets honorary degree from N.Y.
university

SOURCE: The Hamilton Spectator

BYLINE: Ross Longbottom

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 511 words

DATELINE: GRIMSBY


Tom Murphy doesn't want to belittle the problem of cleaning up Hamilton's
harbour. But compared to some of the cleanups he's doing around the world it's
not that big a problem.

Murphy was awarded an honorary doctorate in science at the State University of
New York at Buffalo on Saturday night. The degree recognizes the Grimsby
resident's scientific accomplishments that have grown out of his job with
Environment Canada at the Canada Centre for Inland Waters in Burlington.

From Vietnam to Hong Kong, Bangladesh and Lake Erie, Murphy travels the world
offering Canadian expertise on cleaning up the environment. Hong Kong harbour is
beginning to smell a little better, thanks to Murphy. A system he developed of
oxygenating waste water combined with calcium nitrate is neutralizing the rotten
egg smell.

In Vietnam, very quietly, he is assisting cleaning up the chemical effects of
the war during the 1970s when at least one million gallons of Agent Blue was
dumped on jungles as a defoliant. It was very high in arsenic. Vietnam wants to
keep the issue very low profile and Murphy is reluctant to discuss it.

Here at home, he's studying the mounting deaths of water fowl due to a
phenomenon that is causing more phytoplankton around the world to grow and
produce toxins deadlier than a cobra's poison.

In Lake Erie, zebra mussels, which consume the plankton, are becoming very
toxic. When birds eat them they eventually die because of a buildup of toxins.
Then botulism is found in the water, although not in amounts large enough to
hurt humans.

In the Sea of Japan, off Hiroshima, site of the Second World War atomic bombing,
the oysters are dying in what was once a massive breeding area, and he's
studying that. The problem could be due to the super algotoxins from algae and
phytoplanktons, similar to what's happening in Lake Erie.

Murphy's travels keep him on the global road 100 days a year. There is much to
do, and though he has been at the Burlington centre for almost 30 years,
retirement is a long way off, hopefully.

There never seems to be enough money for research.

However, Canada has had a new philosophy in recent years that might enable him
and other scientists to do more work.

Generally, there is the intent to develop technologies they can sell to the
world. So research is quite often done with an endpoint of marketing a useful
technique or product. Murphy keeps himself and staff of six employed through
private companies and other countries' money that fund his research. He has five
patents for remediation of sediment.

He also lectures part-time in Buffalo, where he was recognized Saturday night
"as a global leader in aquatic studies."

Did it bother him to be recognized first in the United States?

"Not at all," he says, adding it might even be better. It's quite a compliment
to be honoured by the second largest university system in the U.S.

"It's just nice to be recognized."

You can contact Ross Longbottom by e-mail at rlongbottom@hamiltonspectator.com
or by telephone at 905-526-2466.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Scott Gardner, the Hamilton Spectator; Tom Murphy was honoured
as a 'global leader in aquatic studies.' One of his ongoing projects is the
cleanup of Hamilton Harbour.

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 2001 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              730 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 February 21, 2000 Monday MORNING FINAL EDITION

FOX SHOWS HOW TO TRULY BELITTLE MARRIAGE AND RANDALL TERRY DOES HIS BIT FOR THE
SACRED INSTITUTION, AS WELL

BYLINE: JOANNE JACOBS column

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 798 words


WHO wants to make a mockery of marriage?

Here's a lifeline, as Regis Philbin would say: It's not gays.

Those "protect marriage" signs popping up on lawns are pushing Proposition 22,
which would protect marriage by reserving it for heterosexuals. If Vermont or
some other state legalizes same-sex marriage, gays legally married there would
be unmarried here under the initiative, which is running ahead in the polls.

As I've written before, marriage does need protection -- from heterosexuals who
treat it as a lifestyle option. A very optional option. Increasingly, straight
couples live together and have children together without ever bothering to make
a legal commitment to each other.

I never envisioned that marriage would become a game show.

Last Tuesday, Fox aired a two-hour special, "Who Wants to Marry a
Multi-Millionaire?"

Fifty women, ranging in age from 22 to 40, competed at the Las Vegas Hilton for
the hand of a man about whom they knew nothing except his net worth, more than a
million dollars.

More than 1,000 women applied to be brides, Fox claims. About 100 unwed
plutocrats volunteered to marry a stranger.

After a compatibility quiz and a swim suit parade, the five finalists appeared
in wedding gowns and answered more questions: What's your ideal Friday night?
What would you do if you found a woman's name and phone number in your new
husband's pocket?

Then the multi-millionaire groom, who'd been hidden from the would-be brides,
stepped into view and proposed to the lucky winner. A judge married Rick
Rockwell, 42, a San Diego real estate investor, and Darva Conger, 34, a Santa
Monica nurse. They left for their honeymoon.

If it doesn't work out, there's always "Divorce Court."

"Hey, nothing's permanent," said Fox executive Mike Darnell.

The show was such a big hit, especially in the last half hour, that Fox will
show a one-hour version on Tuesday, replacing the previously announced "Banned
in America: The World's Sexiest Television." A sequel is planned for May,
perhaps with men vying to marry a female millionaire.

The boffo ratings will boost the chances of another marriage-mocking show, "Wed
at First Sight," which is being developed for syndication.

This will be "the most romantic show on TV," the Web site,
www.wedatfirstsight.com, proclaims.

Bachelors and bachelorettes willing to marry total strangers would fill out
compatibility questionnaires. Then it really gets romantic. "Our staff of
professional matchmakers find three potential spouses of whom you approve based
on their surveys. During the course of the TV show, you will get to know these
three eligible hopefuls who already want to marry you based on your background
profile."

On the air, the single guy or gal would interview the three contestants, consult
with the "wedding party" (friends and family) and the studio audience, and pick
a spouse for an instant on-air marriage.

No doubt they'll go off on their honeymoon with valuable prizes -- and a
pre-nuptial agreement to facilitate the divorce.

California recognizes the Nevada marriage of Rockwell and Conger as valid
because he's male and she's female. Those "Wed at First Sight" couples will be
legally married in this state and every other. Yet, if Proposition 22 passes on
March 7, California will stand ready to invalidate the out-of-state marriages of
coupled who've spent years together in loving relationships.

While you ponder that irony, consider this Washington Post story:

Protecting marriage from gay lovebirds is the top priority of Randall Terry,
founder of the militant anti-abortion group Operation Rescue. Instead of
shutting down clinics, he's targeting Vermont legislators, who could comply with
a state court ruling by legalizing gay marriage. (It's more likelythey'll extend
domestic partnership rights, but you never know.) Marriage is immoral -- for
gays, says the activist.

Terry knows about the threat to marriage because his own is on the rocks. He
knows about immorality too. According to Terry's minister, sex -- the
heterosexual kind -- is at issue.

Three months ago, Terry's pastor at the Landmark Church in Binghamton, N.Y.,
Daniel J. Little, issued a public letter of censure. Little accused Terry of
leaving his wife and children and planning divorce due to a "pattern of repeated
and sinful relationships and conversations with both single and married women."

Terry says he and his wife have separated, but told four pastors that he "has
only had sex with his wife."

Terry has not had extramarital sex in the exact same way that Bill Clinton
didn't have sex with "that woman," Little replied.

Did too many two-bride commitment ceremonies drive Terry from the arms of his
wife?

Protecting the sanctity of marriage should begin at home.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: ASSOCIATED PRESS
Rick Rockwell and Darva Conger exchanged vows on live TV last week in Las Vegas.

[000221 ED 7B]

                     Copyright 2000 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              731 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                          December 16, 1999, Thursday

LOW BLOWS AS CREW BELITTLES GOP CRITIC

BYLINE: Susan Edelman, Tom Topousis and William Neuman

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 007

LENGTH: 351 words


A short-tempered Schools Chancellor Rudy Crew yesterday blasted a vertically
challenged Republican City Council member -- saying the pint-size pol lacked the
stature to call for his ouster.

"He's too short to talk to me," Crew said of Lilliputian lawmaker Stephen Fiala,
a freshman councilman from Staten Island.

"I don't think there's any way, shape or form that I'm going to be impressed
with what the councilman had to say today or tomorrow or any other time," said
Crew, who stands close to 6 feet.

"He can call for my resignation until he gets taller."

Fiala -- who claims to stand 5 foot 6 -- said he'll accept nothing short of the
chancellor's ouster, and in short order.

"Dr. Crew's trivializing of this issue by resorting to name-calling is further
evidence of his lack of qualification to hold his current position," Fiala said
in a written statement.

"Maybe he belongs on the playground instead of in the chancellor's office."

Fiala has spent the past two days calling for Crew to take a long walk off a
short pier.

He was prompted by Gov. Pataki's Moreland Act Commission report -- which charged
city schools with fraudulently inflating attendance records to get more money
out of the state.

"Rudy Crew must go and the Board of Education must be abolished," Fiala said at
a City Hall press conference earlier in the day -- before tempers grew short and
civility fell into short supply.

He said test scores show city kids coming up short when compared to other New
York students.

"What kind of message are we sending our children when no one is held
accountable?" he said.

Crew gave Fiala short shrift while at Board of Ed headquarters for closed-door
meetings on the Moreland report and a separate probe revealing that teachers and
administrators had helped kids cheat on tests.

The board is set to call a special meeting with Crew next week to discuss his
fate.


LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AREN'T WEE TOUCHY: Rudy Crew (above) tried to cut Councilman Stephen
Fiala down to size, calling the curt councilman "too short" to demand his
dismissal.  N.Y. Post: Spencer A. Burnett

           Copyright 1999 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              732 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       August 15, 1999 Sunday 2D EDITION

Rankings under a glare Some belittle Japanese Tour

BYLINE: By Tom Kensler, Denver Post Sports Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E-13

LENGTH: 784 words

Here's today's trivia question:

How long has the Golf World Ranking been around?

One year? Two years? Five years?

Can't be a decade old, can it?

Actually, the World Ranking was devised in 1968 by Mark McCormack, founder of
the International Management Group. Its formula was refined in 1985. But few
paid attention until 1997, when the World Ranking was sanctioned by the four
major championships and the world's five top pro tours.

With the continuing Tiger Woods vs. David Duval battle for No. 1 and this year's
introduction of three World Championship events, the World Ranking finally has
gained some clout. And significance.

Brian Watts, who had played mostly on the Japanese Tour, was extended an
invitation to the 1998 British Open based upon his top-50 world ranking. Watts
lost to champion Mark O'Meara in a playoff. Denver's Brandt Jobe, another
Japanese Tour veteran, gained a spot in the 1999 Masters and tied for 14th to
earn an automatic spot next year in Augusta.

Then again, John Cook, a 10-time winner in 19 years on the PGA Tour with more
than $ 7.7 million in career earnings, failed to get a 1999 British Open
invitation because he was ranked outside the world's top 50.

Some PGA Tour players have complained that they do not understand the formula.
Here's how it works: It's based on a player's performance in the last 24 months.
Finishes in the last 12 months have twice the weight as those in the 12 months
before that. Tournaments with stronger fields are weighted to provide for more
points.

The World Ranking does not pick the Ryder Cup teams, but it is used to fill out
the fields at major championships, the Andersen Consulting Match Play
Championship in February, the World Golf Championship-NEC Invitational later
this month in Akron, Ohio, and WGC-American Express Championship, Nov. 1-7 at
Valderrama in Spain.

Drawing the ire of touring pros is the perception that the World Ranking does
not always seem to reward good performance. Paul Azinger pointed out earlier
this year that there was an instance when he missed two cuts and remained with a
No. 61 ranking, but later placed 14th at Phoenix (missing the top 10 by one
stroke) and dropped to 62nd. That can happen because of the 24-month expiration
date. A good performance by Azinger exactly two years earlier might have expired
and could no longer be applied to his ranking.

Some touring pros also have complained that too much weight is given to
performances on the Japanese and Asian tours, where the quality of the field is
perceived to be inferior. They might ask, is Jobe a better player than Cook?

Watts was ranked No. 19 in the final 1998 World Ranking. Japanese Tour legend
Jumbo Ozaki was No. 13. Carlos Franco, who spent most of last year in Japan, was
No. 39.

"I told people last year about Carlos Franco and they said, 'How can he be any
good?"' Watts said. "He's now one of the best players on the PGA Tour. Players
here tend not to give too much credit to tours outside America, and I feel
that's completely wrong unless you've been to those places and seen how those
guys play.

"I've also played on the Asian Tour and, believe it or not, there are guys on
that tour who can play on this tour. There's no doubt in my mind about that. But
that would be hard for about 99 percent of the guys on this tour to believe. I'm
not saying they can beat Tiger Woods and David Duval, but there are guys who can
compete real well. But to Americans, you don't get a lot of credit until you
compete at a high level here."

Watts, who is now playing the PGA Tour, mentioned Ozaki and Franco as examples.
Ozaki has won more than 100 professional tournaments in Japan, but his
performances in the U.S. include just one career top-5 finish - fourth in the
1993 Memorial Tournament. Franco had only moderate success in Japan until last
year, and on the 1999 PGA Tour he already has won twice (New Orleans and
Milwaukee) and has two third-place finishes.

"Jumbo plays terrible when he comes here, especially now that he's 52 years
old," Watts said. "When he's in Japan, he plays great. I also think you need to
count when our great players go to Japan and he beats them every time. It's not
just what you do in one country. That's not fair. When guys go over there, Jumbo
beats them every time. Not some of the time, every time.

"People say Jumbo's world ranking is too high. Well, you need to take in
consideration that Carlos Franco came in '94, and I think he only finished in
the top 10 on the Japan money list once. Carlos is a great talent, but nobody
thought he was worth a darn. Now everybody is jumping on the bandwagon. He
hasn't changed. He hits the ball exactly how he hit it in Japan."

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Associated Press David Duval, right, and Tiger Woods brought the
battle for No. 1 to prime time with the 'Showdown at Sherwood.' Woods came out
ahead - this time, at least.

TYPE: ;RANKINGSPECIAL SECTION

                        Copyright 1999 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              733 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 28, 1996, Saturday, Final Edition

'Belle of the Blue'

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. A15; FREE FOR ALL

LENGTH: 334 words


If your paper's intent was to belittle Bob Dole's campaign trip into the
Bluegrass region of Kentucky ["The Old College Try," Style, Sept. 17] one has to
wonder why you had to demean an excellent small Christian college to do so.
Georgetown College -- more than 150 years old and with thousands of outstanding
graduates to its credit -- did not deserve the snide remarks.

If the best-known alumnus was (according to your paper) Jesse James's father,
one has to wonder where Robert Wilson, vice chairman of Johnson and Johnson, or
Carl Shields, CEO of Rawlings Sporting Goods, fit into the equation, to name
only two. A school that has turned out five Rhodes scholars and has six recent
Fulbright scholars surely has more to commend it than was indicated in the
humor-poking article.

A total of 34 college and university presidents claim Georgetown College as
their alma mater, and the percentage of Georgetown's graduates who go on to
graduate school exceeds all but one of the top 25 colleges in the country. And
the implication that the majority of its students are the "first in their
families to attend college" is wrong. I was the third generation of my family,
and at that time I was certainly not unique.

I regret that President Crouch used the old metaphor about the "two
Georgetowns." With ours the oldest Baptist college east of the Mississippi, and
Georgetown University one of the oldest Catholic colleges in the same territory,
I feel that neither has to apologize to or for the other. Each stands quite
squarely on its own, thank you very much.

Your paper owes an apology to the beautiful little campus nestled deep in the
Bluegrass, and to all of us who lay proud claim to the "Belle of the Blue." It
is not necessary, and certainly qualifies for less than acceptable journalism,
to sacrifice the name and reputation of an outstanding small Christian college
in an effort to denigrate the political process that our country embraces so
readily.

-- Martha M. Boltz

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              734 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          September 7, 1994, Wednesday

Is the sky really falling over a moment of quiet?

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section A; Page 10

LENGTH: 260 words


THERE'S A KIND OF Chicken Little reaction to Georgia's new moment of silence in
the schools. There are no guidelines from the state Department of Education
about how teachers should handle it - no forms to fill out or boxes to check,
and worse yet, some kindergartners won't be quiet for but 40 seconds.

Surely the sky is falling.

We don't mean to belittle the constitutional issue at stake. The question of
whether the new state law is a violation of the First Amendment is likely to go
all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court, and indeed it should.

The establishment clause says government "shall make no law respecting an
establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." We
understand well those who feel the new law is "a foot in the door" to mandatory
school prayer. The South harbors plenty of religious zealots, but the
foot-in-the-door argument is used by extremists of all persuasions. The National
Rifle Association employs it, for example, to oppose any restrictions on assault
weapons.

The new law has a clearly stated secular purpose. And there's a strong legal
argument to be made that the Legislature, in striking the words "prayer" and
"meditation" from the statement of intent, meant that the law not be used to
establish or promote any religion.

It's a hard balance to strike. But as retired Supreme Court Justice Harold Clark
said recently, the Georgia law "comes about as close as you can get to passing
constitutional muster in the courts." We hope he's right. It would be nice to
find that balance at last.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942530112

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              735 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    September 1, 1989, Friday, City Edition

A LOVE AFFAIR ON DOOMSDAY

BYLINE: CLARK PERRY

SECTION: WEEKEND; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 931 words



"A screaming comes across the sky."

     That's the chilling and ominous first line of Thomas Pynchon's    Gravity's
Rainbow, a novel about the vitality and variety of the    individual facing
Armageddon. The scream here is not that of a person,    v v but a missile.

     In the (literally) on-target black comedy Miracle Mile, one of the
characters is seen reading this very novel. Okay, actually it's the    Cliff's
Notes booklet preferred by lunkheads who don't want to read the    book itself.


     In this case, however, one does not belittle the woman for skipping    the
original mammoth text. Only moments later, she discovers that World    War III
is under way and the missiles are flying. She wouldn't have    time to finish
the book anyway.

     The creation of writer/director Steve DeJarnatt, Miracle Mile    documents
the final 70 minutes of a handful of sharply drawn    characters, in particular
a young jazz musician and a waitress who, in    spite of all of this, decide to
fall in love.

     This takes place against a frantic backdrop of various characters -
cops, stockbrokers, cooks, crooks and transvestites who heavily    populate the
pre-dawn area of Los Angeles along Wilshire Boulevard,    also known as the
Miracle Mile.

     At one end of the Miracle Mile rests the La Brea Tar Pits, complete    with
statues of mastodons struggling in the gooey pools, as they did    thousands of
years ago. At the other end, steel and glass skyscrapers    thrust forth from
the ground, glittering obelisks in the moonlight.

     It's an obvious and fitting metaphor for mankind, one that traces
history from the extinction of one race to the pinnacles of our own.

 DeJarnatt amazingly follows this idea directly to the film's final    frame.

     As trombonist Harry Washello, Anthony Edwards brings to his role    the
same affable charm and grace that made his performance in 1988's    Mr. North
such an unexpected treat. Even though he's cut, bruised and    bloodied, facing
the end of his life, he still makes for a winning    gentleman.

     Mare Winningham (St. Elmo's Fire, Shy People) is pleasant as Julie,    a
diner waitress who acts as liaison between her grandparents, played    by Lou
Hancock and film veteran John Agar, they have not spoken a word      to each
other for 15 years.

     Washello answers a ringing pay phone after he's blown his first    date
with Julie, and hears a panicked man crying for his father: "It's    happening
I can't believe it. We're locked into it . . . 50 minutes    and counting. I'm
sorry, Dad. I'm sorry, but this is it  Really it  The    big one "

     Just as Harry realizes it's a wrong number, the voice is cut short    by a
blast of machine-gun fire. A dazed Harry wanders into a nearby    diner and,
with deadpan expression, asks, "Does anyone here have a son    in a missile
silo?"

     The first person to assimilate and believe what Harry has heard is
Landa, a sharp and precise stockbroker, played sharply and precisely by
Denise Crosby (Pet Sematary). She immediately takes charge, organizing    the
diner's bizarre patrons and transporting them to a nearby    building's helipad,
where they will hope to be flown to safety.

     But on the way, Harry bails out and rushes to save Julie. His    desperate
but touching gesture for another life provides the momentum    that, like
Tangerine Dream's eerie score, propels Miracle Mile along at    breakneck speed.


     There are some wonderful bit parts here, one featuring Jenette    Goldstein
(Near Dark) as a Beverly Hills resident rummaging through    supplies at the
helipad. "Condoms " she exclaims, holding aloft a box    of prophylactics. "We
won't be needing these - we've got to repopulate    a whole planet "

     In spite of its oft-biting humor, there's a serious and terrifying    side
to this story - we're caught up not in its reality, but in the      possibility
of its reality.

     One mad scene features Harry dashing wildly through a chic yuppie    health
club, searching for a helicopter pilot. Minutes later, a    sympathetic thief
named Wilson (Mykel T. Williamson) begs to be shot    while holding his dead
sister, whom he's tried and failed to save.

     And as the first missile falls miles away, Harry and Julie are    trapped
in an elevator. He says it must be hell outside. "If you    weren't here with
me," she says quietly, "that would be hell."

     DeJarnatt takes great glee in creating citywide havoc from one    phone
call. By film's end he has orchestrated a magnificent scene of    madness and
mayhem in the crowded streets. His camera work relays sheer    claustrophobia as
it follows Harry crawling beneath the gridlocked    cars.

     From the striking opening titles, we suspect we're in the hands of    a
gifted film maker. When Miracle Mile reaches its shattering, haunting
conclusion, our suspicions have been confirmed.



 MOVIE REVIEW Miracle Mile X X X X Director: Steve DeJarnatt     Cast: Anthony
Edwards, Mare Winningham, John Agar, Lou Hancock, Mykel    T. Williamson, Denise
Crosby     Screenplay: Steve DeJarnatt     Rating: R (Profanity, adult subject
matter)      Running Time: 90 minutes    Excellent XXXXX; Very good XXXX;

 Good XXX; Mediocre XX; Poor X

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, Hemdale; Mare Winningham and Anthony Edwards star in
Miracle Mile

                            Times Publishing Company


                              736 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 2, 1993, Thursday, Final Edition

Convention Center Forces Say It's Time

Liz Spayd, Yolanda Woodlee, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: METRO; PAGE D6

LENGTH: 772 words


Proponents of a new convention center in downtown Washington are hoping to
squeeze through a small window of opportunity they fear will close if
neighboring jurisdictions move more quickly in the regional competition for
convention dollars.

Coupled with concerns that next year's mayoral race and the coming budget cycle
soon will be diverting the attention of District lawmakers, project backers
believe timing is critical if ground is ever to be broken for a new complex.

"People want to get started with this project while we have momentum," said
council member Bill Lightfoot (I-At Large). "The suburban counties are looking
to build convention centers, and we need to get our shovels in the ground before
they get too far along."

Officials in Alexandria and Montgomery County are weighing the possibility of
building convention halls as part of a strategy to increase tourism and jobs in
their communities.

And if there is one point on which everyone agrees, it is that the Washington
area can sustain no more than one large convention center.

"No one thinks we're going to have two huge convention centers," said Alexandria
Mayor Patricia S. Ticer (D), who recently formed a task force to study whether a
convention center would be a wise economic development tool.

"I don't want to belittle anything that the District does, because that is the
core of our region. But we have to be parochial when it comes to increasing
business and increasing our revenues."

Alexandria officials hope to decide early next year whether to push forward with
a convention center, listing as possible sites Potomac Yard near National
Airport and the Eisenhower Valley along the Capital Beltway west of Interstate
395.

In Montgomery County, officials raised the stakes in the fight for convention
dollars this fall by commissioning a $ 50,000 study of whether a new conference
center and meeting hall could help the county draw conventioneers and tourists.

County officials believe that a new facility would allow them to keep some of
the meeting and technology trade show business now being siphoned off by the
District.

Although few specifics have been disclosed about what the suburban jurisdictions
are planning, the District's proposed project likely would be the largest. Draft
plans call for a $ 425 million center that would span six blocks downtown,
making it the largest economic development project in the city's history.

Maneuvering such a plan through the political thicket that is sure to lie ahead
would not be a simple matter, and it is a task that backers would rather tackle
before District officials get embroiled in debate over the next budget.

"The feeling we get from the council is that we'd better move now because the
budget will be coming down soon and forcing members to shift their attentions to
that," said Emily Vetter, president of the Washington D.C. Hotel Association.

And the closer the mayoral election draws, the more likely it is that the
candidates will use their positions on the convention center to distinguish
themselves.

Mayor Sharon Pratt Kelly has embraced a new convention center as the best means
for the city to build on its already established tourism base.

Council member and rumored mayoral candidate John Ray (D-At Large) said he would
support the project if a suitable means of financing could be found.

A plan agreed to by several key lawmakers and business officials this week would
finance the project by raising the hotel sales tax by 2 percentage points and
the meal tax by 1 percentage point.

Ray said he would be willing to back such a funding plan so long as it is
palatable to the hotels and restaurants. If there were opposition to the tax
increase, he said, it might come from smaller restaurants, such as those along
Georgia Avenue NW. District restaurants already charge 9 cents on the dollar in
taxes, the highest rate in the area.

"They would have a lesser incentive to support it than a restaurant in
Georgetown," Ray said of the smaller establishments. "If you ask where the
opposition is going to come from, I would say that corner."

Just how formidable that opposition might be will become clearer next Thursday
when restaurant owners, residents and other interested parties get a chance to
air their views at a hearing.

"I expect we will hear the testimony we need to to move the idea of a convention
center forward," said council member Charlene Drew Jarvis (D-Ward 4), whose
Committee on Economic Development will hold the hearing. "The hearing is a
preemptive signal that the District is going to move forward on the financing of
a facility."

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              737 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 1, 1993, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Janet Reno's Independent Stand

SECTION: Section A; Page 16; Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 347 words


Among recent Attorneys General, Janet Reno stands alone in support of the
Federal independent counsel law, calling for a court-appointed prosecutor for
investigations of high executive branch officials. The distinction does her
credit.

The law, first enacted in 1978 with Watergate freshly in mind, lapsed last year
but President Clinton is pledged to revive it. It takes cases involving Cabinet
secretaries and a few dozen other top officials away from the Attorney General
and gives them to an outside prosecutor who can't be fired except for good
cause.

Nicholas Katzenbach, Edward Levi and Griffin Bell, among others who have served
honorably as Attorney General, condemn the law in varying degrees and say it
undermines confidence in Federal justice. In recent Senate testimony Ms. Reno,
who has more prosecutorial experience than all three of them combined, firmly
disagreed.

"There is an inherent conflict whenever senior executive branch officials are to
be investigated by the department and its appointed head, the Attorney General,"
she said. "Recognition of this conflict does not belittle or demean the
impressive professionalism of the department's career prosecutors."

Apologists for the Iran-contra scandal argue that the costly six-year
investigation by Lawrence Walsh, appointed at the request of Attorney General
Edwin Meese, proves the law a failure. "I disagree," she said. That
investigation, "far from providing support for doing away with the independent
counsel act, proves its necessity."

Janet Reno has no macho defensiveness about incursions on her prosecutorial
turf. As District Attorney in Miami for 15 years, she did not feel threatened
when anyone suggested that she had a conflict of interest in cases involving
fellow Florida Democrats. She understood that people who didn't know her might
reasonably question her impartiality and she freely stepped aside in such cases.

In demanding that justice be, and appear to be, impartial, Ms. Reno shows a
sensitivity to prosecutorial independence that her predecessors might envy.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              738 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           August 20, 2008 Wednesday

Obama makes case to vets

BYLINE: By Joseph Goodman and Beth Reinhard McClatchy Newspapers

SECTION: POLITICS; News; National

LENGTH: 451 words


ORLANDO, Fla. - Barack Obama never served in the military and has been a fierce
critic of the war in Iraq, but he did not flinch Tuesday during his speech to
the Veterans of Foreign Wars convention.

The crowd, initially reserved, gave him a standing ovation by the end.

"Let me be clear: I will let no one question my love of this country," Obama
said, drawing applause.

Obama's challenge was to push back at Republican John McCain, a war hero who
addressed the group the day before, without appearing to belittle him in front
of a sympathetic audience. Veterans favor McCain over Obama 56 to 34 percent,
according to a nationwide Gallup Poll.

In an effort to bridge the gap, Obama harkened back to his well-received call
for unity at the Democratic convention in 2004.

"You all served together and fought together and bled together under the same
proud flag. You did not serve a red America or a blue America - you served the
United States of America," said the Illinois senator, moving a number of black
veterans and a few white veterans to rise from their seats and applaud.

The Republican Party has long sought to portray Democrats as soft on national
security. Even Democratic veterans, from former presidential nominee John Kerry
to former U.S. Sen. Max Cleland, have faced fierce attacks on their allegiances.

In his speech to the veterans group on Monday, McCain suggested Obama's
political ambitions were behind his "shifting" views on the war in Iraq.

"I have never suggested or never will that Senator McCain picks his positions on
national security based on politics or personal ambition," Obama said. "I have
not suggested it because I believe that he genuinely wants to serve America's
national interest. Now, it's time for him to acknowledge that I want to do the
same."

The Republican National Committee issued a statement that said Obama "has not
led" on veterans issues. The GOP criticized Obama, a member of the veterans
services committee, for voting against $120 billion for the war last year and
for exaggerating his role in extending health benefits for wounded veterans.

Mike Musgrove, a 58-year-old Vietnam War veteran from Nevada, praised Obama for
giving a "helluva" speech and promising to make sure veterans receive adequate
health care.

"He hasn't been a senator all that long so he doesn't have a long track record
on veterans issues, and that's what most of these guys are concerned with," he
said. "There was more camaraderie yesterday" with McCain.

As a former naval aviator and longtime VFW member, McCain had a natural affinity
with the audience. Most of the seniors at the convention were closer in age to
McCain, who will turn 72 later this month, than to Obama, who just turned 47.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              739 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 30, 1995, Saturday, Final Edition

Man Gets Hands on Bubonic Plague Germ, but That's No Crime

Karl Vick, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 1794 words


All Larry Wayne Harris wanted to know was what was holding up his order of
bubonic plague.

But the white supremacist's May 10 call to the Rockville headquarters of the
American Type Culture Collection, the world's largest distributor of
microorganisms, did more than confirm that three vials of Yersinia pestis were
on the way to Harris's Ohio home via Federal Express.

It also brought police, public health officials and the FBI to his front door,
emergency workers in spacesuits to every nook and cranny of his house and Harris
himself to a federal courtroom.

Yet for possession of the bacterium that wiped out one-third of 14th-century
Europe, the certified microbiologist and Aryan Nations member probably will be
sentenced next month to probation on a single charge of wire fraud, according to
attorneys on both sides.

"This is a fraud case, believe it or not," complained U.S. Attorney Edmund
Sargus, who said he was as surprised as anyone to discover that possession of
bubonic plague turns out to be perfectly legal. Likewise possession of even more
dangerous pathogens such as anthrax, ricin and botulinal toxin, which has been
called "the most lethal substance known."

"I don't claim any expertise in the transportation of hazardous material," said
Sargus, U.S. attorney for the southern district of Ohio. "But if you own a
service station and you don't dispose of motor oil correctly, you'll be hearing
from us. Now, that can do all sorts of things to the ground water, and I don't
mean to belittle it. But I think bubonic plague ought to be in there, too."

Almost everyone agrees, including authorities who today recount the lessons of
the Harris case with the slightly rueful air that follows a brush with
catastrophe. And catastrophe was exactly what investigators feared they had
stumbled upon when the first sweep of the suspect's Lancaster home turned up not
the vials of plague, but almost a dozen M-1 carbines, smoke grenades, blasting
caps and several pieces of white separatist literature.

Seven weeks earlier, a group in Japan had released the nerve gas sarin in
Tokyo's subway system, killing 12 and injuring 5,500. At the time, Japanese law
did not prohibit possession of that substance, either.

"This case illustrates how easy it is to obtain these organisms and how they
could fall into the wrong hands," said George Luther, Harris's attorney, adding
that his client considers his own hands capable enough.

Harris, a 44-year-old professional well inspector and member of the American
Society for Microbiology, maintained that he needed the freeze-dried plague
samples for experiments he was conducting in preparation for a manual on
combating germ warfare. Court papers mention that Harris was concerned about an
"imminent invasion from Iraq of super-germ-carrying rats." Law enforcement
sources said his work may have been meant to impress fellow members of the Aryan
Nations.

Harris told officials he was working on an antidote for plague, a fearsome
disease that can cause a painful and swift death but that routinely succumbs to
antibiotics when diagnosed early.

"An antidote to bubonic plague?" asked Gary Simon, head of infectious diseases
at George Washington University Medical Center. "Ever heard of tetracycline?"

Federal investigators found no evidence that Harris intended to harm anyone with
the plague samples, which were found in the glove compartment of his 1989
Subaru, parked in his driveway. The vials still were packed in two layers of
glass, absorbent foam and a sealed metal canister labeled "INFECTIOUS SUBSTANCE"
-- as required by federal regulations that govern the shipment of infectious
agents.

The vials now are in secure evidence storage in Ohio.

But police, prosecutors and public health officials are dismayed that there is
no federal rule that addresses whom the pathogen may be shipped to.

In 1980, Harris was convicted of buying too much codeine cough syrup in a
48-hour period. He was fined $ 300.

For buying three pure strains of bubonic plague, he was charged with three
counts of wire fraud and one count of mail fraud, which the prosecutor bargained
down to a single count of wire fraud in return for a guilty plea, thus
eliminating the risk of a jury trial.

The fraud charge is based on the allegation that Harris gave the Maryland
supplier his Ohio employer's state lab permit number for a delivery that was
sent to the less well-equipped lab at his home.

"I don't think it's going too much out on a limb by saying this kind of thing
shouldn't happen," said Kenneth Gage, acting chief of the plague section at the
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's vector-borne diseases division in
Fort Collins, Colo.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture long has required permits for shipping animal
pathogens even from one state to another. But the only domestic restrictions on
human pathogens -- organisms that cause disease in people -- are the rules
handlers impose themselves.

At the American Type Culture Collection, a 70-year-old nonprofit company that
calls itself "the Library of Congress of microorganisms," officials say internal
controls have been tightened since Harris met its published requirements for
ordering a human pathogen. To do that, he faxed a statement on laboratory
letterhead stating who accepted responsibility for the shipment.

Harris sent his letter on the stationery of an outfit he called Small Animal
Microbiology Laboratory at his home address. Sales representatives accepted his
$ 240 payment, shipped the plague and saw no reason to question the transaction
-- until the customer called again to find out what was taking so long.

By all accounts, Harris talks a great deal, and some of what he said to the
sales representative suggested that he might not know all someone in possession
of the plague should about plague. The agent notified the CDC in Atlanta, which
called Gage in Colorado. When Gage called Harris he immediately grew concerned
and alerted Ohio public health authorities.

"We could be fooled by that letterhead as well. It's only by accident that they
learned this guy lived in a home and he was a little bit off his rocker," said
Richard C. Knudsen, biosafety chief at the CDC office of health and safety.

Yet beyond an Ohio state legislator's proposal to outlaw the casual possession
of human pathogens, no action has been taken to close what former CIA
counter-terrorism chief Vincent Cannistraro calls "a real gap" in federal law.
The anti-terrorism bill that had been before a U.S. House-Senate conference
committee doesn't mention human pathogens, and the Harris case received only
passing mention when the Senate permanent subcommittee on investigations held a
hearing on biological and chemical terrorism last month.

The incident, however, has prompted the CDC to consider recommending domestic
regulation of human pathogens. "The review is at an early stage," the agency
said in a statement, noting that the challenge lies in fashioning rules that
protect the public without impeding the flow of research material among
scientists.

Kenneth Berns, of Cornell Medical College, who is the incoming president of the
American Society for Microbiology, predicted "a lot of resistance" to new
regulations. "Every clinical laboratory has a lot of that stuff around," he
said. "I think you could shut down the entire health care industry."

Anne Vidaver, a University of Nebraska researcher and chairwoman of the National
Plant Pathology Board, said she routinely waits weeks and even months for the
U.S. Agriculture Department to approve permits allowing her to obtain bean
blight samples from out of state that the wind might have blown across the state
border in the meantime.

"Do you try to institute something on the basis of a single case?" she asked. "I
would say that's not warranted."

Vidaver said a criminal who knows enough to nurture a culture of a human
pathogen would know how to acquire the organism through means less cumbersome
than mail order.

The American Type Culture Collection was established in 1925 by professional
societies of scientists who wanted a clearinghouse for pure strains of
microorganisms. Its stock of 82,000 cultures -- frozen in cyrogenic chambers in
Rockville until the company's planned move to Prince William County in 1997 --
were all contributed by scientists.

Like microbiology repositories in Europe and elsewhere, American Type exists
both to certify the purity of specific cultures and to distribute them on
request, at the rate of about 150,000 a year, to other scientists.

Yet American Type has mailed dangerous specimens to questionable customers. In
1985, two Canadian men were convicted of scheming to buy botulin culture,
reportedly intended to kill a racehorse in an insurance fraud scheme. They were
nabbed only after obtaining an infectious culture of tetanus from the same
supplier two months before their arrest.

The arrest was made in Buffalo, where the Canadians had journeyed to avoid the
permitting process federal law requires for international shipment of pathogens.

But federal oversight is no guarantee. During the 1980s, while the United States
and Iraq still were on friendly diplomatic terms, the Commerce Department
authorized American Type to fill orders from Iraq for anthrax and botulin,
organisms commonly used in biological weapons.

"If a culture is a real public health threat, we will not distribute it," said
Frank Simione, an American Type vice president, noting that the company has a
history of exceeding federal rules on handling its products. At American Type,
infectious agents routinely are classified at the next higher risk level for its
internal handling and shipping procedures.

And without the nonprofit's letterhead and minimum lab requirements, company and
CDC officials emphasized, prosecutors would have lacked the grounds even to
charge Harris with fraud.

Meanwhile, CIA Director John M. Deutch, in testimony this month before the House
Intelligence Committee predicted "tremendous growth in international terrorism
over the next decade or so."

Terrorism experts say the Oklahoma City and World Trade Center bombings made
political terror a domestic concern as well, and the Tokyo subway attack showed
that terrorists are overcoming a traditional reluctance to employ biological and
chemical "weapons of mass destruction."

"It's clear that we've got to be able to thwart the sale and the obtaining of
pathogens," said Robert Kupperman, a terrorism specialist at the Center for
Strategic and International Studies, in Washington. "Bubonic plague and
pneumonic plague are very dangerous. By the time you start exhibiting symptoms,
it can be too late."


LOAD-DATE: December 30, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, james m. thresher, Microorganisms are stored in these tubes in
cryogenic freezers, awaiting future research.  Frank Simione opens a
liquid-nitrogen freezer that holds some of American Type Culture Collection's
82,000 microorganism cultures in Rockville.

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                              740 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            February 8, 2010 Monday

Anarchists on the right

BYLINE: By MEG MOTT

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 900 words


The Tea Party convention held over the weekend in Nashville gave us a picture of
a movement at a crossroads.

Are they an independent organization that wants no part of national politics, or
are they an offshoot of the GOP? One attendee told a CBS correspondent that Tea
Partiers want "to kick out all of the political class even those we like."

When asked whether they are creating a third party, the response has been
uniformly, no. As the correspondent put it, anything "organized and national is
the very antithesis of what they are about." The Tea Party doesn't value party
machinery; it values individual rights and local control. Tea Partiers may like
some national politicians but that doesn't mean they want them to lead. At least
that's what the spokespeople say.

Still it's one thing to speak against national organizations and another thing
to organize national convention. How would this most recent version of American
grassroots politics pull off the challenge?

At first it looked as if the Tea Party would use classic Republican tactics.
When former U.S. Rep. Tom Tancredo, R-Colo., used the podium to belittle Obama
and stir up anti-immigrant hostilities it sounded like a replay of the 1992
Republican National Convention when Pat Buchanan energized the base by bashing
gays, feminists and people of color.

"People who could not even spell the word  vote' or say it in English put a
committed socialist in the White House," Tancredo told a cheering crowd.

But spokesmen for the Tea Party quickly distanced themselves from Tancredo's
remarks, calling them problematic.

"It doesn't further the dialogue," Mark Skoda, founder of the Memphis Tea Party,
told a CNN reporter.

Rand Paul, a Kentucky politician who has received Tea Party endorsement,
explained that the party is not about "name calling."

"There are politicians," he said on CNN's "American Morning" program, "who have
gone into the movement and tried to become part of the movement. But really the
movement is about individual people."

Candidates who get Tea Party endorsement, it turns out, need to present
themselves as people, not party operatives.

This antipathy to leadership in general and party tactics in particular suggests
that the Tea Party is the conservative face of anarchist politics.

In anarchist politics, national leaders with their party machinery are
suspicious because they claim decision-making powers that should remain with the
people. Dialogue and independent thinking are crucial to anarchist forms of
politics.

Like Thomas Jefferson and Patrick Henry before them, the Tea Partiers assume
that small associations of like-minded people don't need a leader to guide them.

But it wasn't just Tancredo who misunderstood the anarchist element of the Tea
Party. Reporters and commentators across the political spectrum are having a
hard time understanding that a group of people might come together to share
their concerns without asking one of the two national parties to take charge.

Professional pundits have spent so much time seeing everything political through
partisan agendas, they can't make sense of a movement that wants to keep
decision-making, messy as it is, in the streets or at the convention.

When told by an organizer that the Tea Party was "growing up," one CBS
commentator noted that adulthood in American politics "means a new national
political organization." If that's the case, he noted, "most of these folks
would rather remain adolescents with attitude."

But increasingly, mature forms of politics are not organized on a national
level. People are solving their problems independently of national
organizations. Bigger no longer carries the authority it once did; at least when
it comes to government.

But big personalities, it appears, still have their attraction. Sarah Palin
asked the cheering crowd on Saturday, "Do you love your freedom? Are you ready
for a revolution?"

While the former governor from Alaska didn't promote herself as the leader,
which would be contrary to the logic of the Tea Party, she did bemoan the
absence of a manly Commander-in-Chief. Had Ronald Reagan still been alive and
manly in the White House, she suggested, none of these terrible things would
have happened.

While Sarah Palin might have rhetorically solved the dilemma of leadership by
pointing to the one well-liked, conservative politician who can't be thrown out
because he's already dead, the Tea Party itself has a harder task on its hand.
Sure, they could push for a President Palin, but that brings the risk of turning
a marketable personality into a politician, at which point she'll lose her
marketability.

Ronald Reagan, the Man Who Can't Be King, might have redemptive qualities at the
podium, but his considerable grace won't protect her in the Situation Room.

I hope the Tea Party keeps experimenting with ways to bring politics back to a
smaller size. I hope they keep speaking out against the evils of Big
Corporations and Big Government and promoting discussion instead of bigotry. But
for those concerns to be taken seriously, the Tea Party will need to watch out
for the evils of Big Personalities, particularly Big Dead Personalities.

To be consistent with their principles, they need to promote a smaller brand of
freedom: one that asks individuals to take on the real problems of this world
and not the imagined solutions of the last century.

Meg Mott teaches political theory at Marlboro College.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              741 of 996 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                              June 2, 2008 Monday
                                Toronto Edition

Canada hangs tough against Brazil; Close 3-2 Loss; Played at 'another level' in
friendly

BYLINE: Iain Macintyre, Canwest News Service

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S9

LENGTH: 890  words

DATELINE: SEATTLE


SEATTLE - This is not the Canada the soccer world knows and belittles.

The men's national team, ranked 62nd on the planet by FIFA, played five-time
World Cup winners Brazil here Saturday and the exhibition was about what you'd
expect -- artful creativity with the ball, individual flair and superb goals.
Except that was Canada.

The Brazilians, ranked second in the world and missing only one player from its
full side, needed a gift goal on an errant passback to beat Canada 3-2 in a
tremendously entertaining -- and encouraging -- game before 47,052 mostly
canary-yellow clad samba dancers at Qwest Field.

The team of one-name stars nearly lost to the team of no-names. But never before
has Canada looked so capable of ending its anonymity in the world game and
rewriting the legacy from decades of pedestrian, uninspiring and unsuccessful
soccer.

Canada opens 2010 World Cup qualifying in two weeks. In its only World Cup
appearance 22 years ago, Canada failed to score a goal, which pretty much sums
up the history of Canadian soccer.

"Not only a lack of scoring, but a lack of creating chances," Canadian
midfielder Dwayne De Rosario said. "But you saw [Saturday] against a great
Brazilian side we were able to create chances. We were able to have them chase
the ball a little bit and kind of play their own game against them.

"I think anyone that knows the game could see [Saturday], could see in the Gold
Cup [tournament a year ago], here's a team that's playing with flair. Here's a
team that's actually creating chances. Here's a team that can compete with the
U. S., compete with Mexico and -- we saw --compete with Brazil."

Now, the Canadians have to compete with St. Vincent and the Grenadines in a
two-game series that starts June 15 in the Caribbean. If Canada advances, it
will draw into CONCACAF's toughest qualifying group alongside Mexico, Jamaica
and Honduras.

Only two of those four will advance to the North and Central American region's
final six-team stage, from which the top three will automatically qualify in
2009 for the following year's World Cup in South Africa.

For Canada, this looks like the Himalayas. But until Saturday, Brazil seemed
like Everest and Canada came within a dislodged piton of summiting.

"It's a great performance, but it's a loss, though," 34-year-old Canadian winger
Tomasz Radzinski said. "Brazil is Brazil. They had four chances and scored three
goals. What can you do?

"This is pretty much the best group of guys we have played with, and this is my
fourth [qualifying] campaign already. This is the most talented, most skillful,
most fit bunch of guys we've played with."

In some years, Radzinski was Canada's only international-calibre player. He was
the one-man attack.

But the attack now runs through midfield, as it should. Through De Rosario, the
strong, fast 29-year-old who has won numerous team and individual awards in
Major League Soccer. And through quick and clever Julian de Guzman, who started
33 games this winter for Deportiva La Coruna of Spain's top league and was named
the outstanding player in last year's Gold Cup tournament, where Canada lost to
the United States in the semi-finals on a phantom offside call.

The attack includes powerful forward Rob Friend, who led Germany's Borussia
Monchengladbach in scoring this season, and dynamic halfback Atiba Hutchinson of
Demark's FC Copenhagen. They and others give Canada pace and skill it has never
had.

"If you look at those two things, this is without a doubt the most skilled and
most athletic team we've had in our history," Canadian coach Dale Mitchell, part
of the 1986 World Cup team, agreed. "I feel pretty confident in saying that,
andth at'snodisrespect to some of the teams we've had in the past. The big test
for us is going to be in the qualifying and I think the boys are quietly
confident about it."

De Guzman conjured Saturday's best and worst moments -- scoring brilliantly from
25 yards to tie the game 2-2 in the 56th minute, only to indecisively pass the
ball behind his own defence seven minutes later and allow Robinho to nip in and
win it for Brazil.

Friend outjumped Brazilian goalie Julio Cesar to head in fullback Mike
Klukowski's cross for Canada's goal in the 10th minute.

Robinho embarrassed Canadian captain Paul Stalteri to set up Diego's goal in the
fourth minute, and Brazil went ahead 2-1 in the 45th when goalie Pat Onstad
couldn't keep out Luis Fabiano's powerful header from a cross by Gilberto Silva.

But Canada, which out-shot Brazil 11-10 in the game, should have led at
halftime. Midfielder Issey Nakajima-Farran chipped wide on a breakaway, while
Cesar blocked De Rosario's point-blank toe poke and dived to save another laser
from de Guzman.

And lest you think Brazil put out its beach volleyball team to face Canada,
injured AC Milan striker Kaka was the only automatic Brazilian starter missing.
Barcelona's Ronaldinho is also injured, and doughy Ronaldo is out of favour,
except among transvestite prostitutes.

As usual, Canada was missing its top player: Owen Hargreaves, who continues to
develop an English accent.

"When I started playing with the Canadian national team, you'd automatically
feel the vibe of going into games and just losing," de Guzman said. "You were
just going in to play and [the result] didn't matter. [This game] just shows
that Canada has taken it to another level."

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White
Photo: Robert Sorbo, Reuters; Brazil's Diego fights for the ball with Canada's
Julian de Guzman, left, in Seattle on Saturday. Guzman scored to tie the game in
the 56th minute. Robinho would score minutes later though, giving the world No.
2-ranked Brazil the win. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              742 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                 (First Draft)

                           December 29, 2015 Tuesday

Marco Rubio and Chris Christie Toil to Belittle Each Other's Work Ethic

BYLINE: MICHAEL BARBARO

SECTION: US; politics

LENGTH: 269 words



HIGHLIGHT: In dueling appearances in Iowa, the two Republican presidential
candidates exchanged attacks over who was least engaged in his day job.


CLINTON, Iowa - Gov. Chris Christie of New Jersey has a cutting message for
Senator Marco Rubio of Florida: You don't work very hard at your job.

Mr. Rubio has a biting new retort: Neither do you, Mr. Christie.

In dueling appearances here in Iowa on Tuesday, the two Republican presidential
candidates traded attacks over who was least engaged in his day job.

"Dude, show up," Mr. Christie said of Mr. Rubio's failure to vote on a major
end-of-year spending bill, which Mr. Rubio said he opposed. "Vote no. If you
don't want to, quit."

A few hours later, Mr. Rubio lobbed the same attack right back at Mr. Christie.

"You know, Chris has been missing in New Jersey for half the time," Mr. Rubio
said during a news conference with reporters in the town of Clinton.

He added: "Candidates, as we get down the home stretch, some of them get a
little desperate and a little nasty in their attacks."

Mr. Rubio defended his record in Congress, citing a 90 percent attendance
record.

With his attack, delivered in Muscatine, Iowa, Mr. Christie seized on a
potential vulnerability for Mr. Rubio: a history of missed votes since he
arrived in the Senate in 2011. Mr. Rubio has said that missing votes, in many
cases, is a political statement about the endless gridlock and inherent
messiness of lawmaking in Washington.

Mr. Christie, mocked in New Jersey for his ample out-of-town travels, has called
that explanation "baloney." On Tuesday, he described Mr. Rubio as a talker, not
a doer. "He gives a good speech, Marco," Mr. Christie said, before mocking him
again for the missed vote on the spending bill. "Except he never showed up."

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2015 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              743 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                             The Observer (London)

                                October 12, 2014

Comment: Letters and emails: Why must Brits belittle Boney?

BYLINE: John Tyrrell

SECTION: OBSERVER NEW COMMENT PAGES; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 135 words


I notice that in his review of Andrew Roberts's biography of Napoleon (New
Review, last week), Andrew Hussey repeats the usual myth about the "pocket-size
emperor" with the obligatory reference to Sarkozy. In fact, at around 5ft 6ins,
Napoleon was about average height for his times, taller than Lord Nelson and
probably not a great deal shorter than the Duke of Wellington, about whose
height there is some dispute. Turn the clock forward over a century and we find
that Winston Churchill, one of Napoleon's greatest admirers, was also around 5ft
6ins, rather short for a man of his class. It is curious that neither Nelson nor
Churchill are ever singled out for their stature, while Napoleon and Sarkozy
are. I am sure it has nothing to do with the fact that the latter are French.

John Tyrrell

Withington

Manchester


LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              744 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             August 26, 2011 Friday

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 563 words


It's not my business to criticize or belittle coaches for the way they vote in
preseason polls.

Those coaches are doing us a favor by voting, and I'm grateful for their help.
To take issue with their viewpoints would be way out of line.

Over the years, it's become clear to me that tradition and school size have a
lot to do with the way several coaches vote. There's nothing wrong with that. In
fact, that's probably as sound a basis for ranking the teams as anything.

With that in mind, I was amazed when Bismarck coach Mark Gibson veered far off
the beaten path when giving the nod to Century as the team to beat.

His vote was cast due in large part to his high regard for CHSlineman Conrad
Schwarzkopf.

"Century has got a kid who reminds me of Greg Eslinger - the Schwarzkopf kid.
There's no lineman in this league, probably no lineman in the state, who can
compare to him," Gibson reasoned. "And we rode Greg to two state championship
games."

Gibson continued: "Mandan's biggest worry might be to make sure the bus is
running. They've got all their skill kids back, and they put 30 or 40 points on
us last year."

To be precise, BHSdefeated Mandan by a basketball-like score of 54-33 last fall.

Century topped the poll by a razor-thin margin of 34-33 over Bismarck. Mandan
outpointed Minot 26-21 for third place in the regional coaches' poll. Jamestown,
Dickinson and Williston rounded out the field with 15, 11 and seven points,
respectively.

Century coachRon Wingenbach didn't try to dodge the favorite's tag, saying "I'd
be very disappointed if we were not right there on top."

Wingenbach warned, however, that preseason polling is an inexact science.

"In the top five every team has some issues they've got to settle," he sai.

Mandan coach Pat O'Brien ranked Century No. 1.

"Century will be pretty salty, I think. Century has got a pretty good group
coming back in all areas, and they've got good depth," O'Brien said.

He conceded, however, that he always has misgivings about voting against
Bismarck.

"They've got a very good program going right now(at BHS)," O'Brien said.
"They've been in four straight state championship games."

O'Brien said Bismarck and Century are obstacles that must be dealt with in order
to make a run at the regional title.

"They're the big dogs in the conference. If you want to run with them you can't
just sit on the porch and bark," he said.

Dickinson coach Dennis Morris put Century and Bismarck on top, giving the
Patriots the nod by a narrow margin.

"Year-in and year-out (BHSand CHS) are the tough programs. They have tradition
going for them," Morris said. "... Century has the edge on Bismarck High with
what they have coming back."

Over the years, Bill Cahill of Jamestown said he's learned that it's smart to
start with Bismarck and Century and go from there.

"Every once in awhile one of the others of us will capture lightning in a bottle
and have a real good team, but Bismarck and Century always have the numbers,"
Cahill said.

Minot coach Barry Holmen said the Patriots' linemen caught his eye.

"Century, because they have a lot of linemen back," Holmen said. "They're just
big and physical up front."

Williston coach JimKlein agreed Bismarck, Century and Mandan all have their
merits. But he warned against counting Minot out.

"Minot has speed and always has numbers,"Klein pointed out. "They always find a
way."

(Steve Thomas is a Tribune sportswriter).

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2011 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              745 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              June 29, 2009 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

The Open Forum

SECTION: Pg. A-19

LENGTH: 743 words


Salazar's consideration of cap and trade bill

Re: "John Salazar tests the wind on climate bill," June 25 Susan Greene column.

How does one reason with the ostrich when it has its head buried in the sand?
Columnist Susan Greene is on the climate change bandwagon, and apparently no
amount of clear evidence to the contrary will make her agree to examine the
evidence. There are many highly qualified climate scientists who agree that the
issue is not settled, and their findings are to be found on the Web by searching
"climate skeptic" and in several authoritative text books (e.g., Patrick J.
Michaels' "Shattered Consensus: The True State of Global Warming").

I have newfound respect for Rep. John Salazar, who at least appears to have an
open mind.

James W. Mulholland, Denver

Susan Greene belittles Rep. John Salazar for: listening to his constituents and
actually thinking before blindly following the party line.

Greene implies that all who question the value of this legislation are either
special-interest members, or ignorant "flat-earth" rubes who just don't know any
better.

I applaud Rep. Salazar for pausing to reflect before proceeding. But with more
than 2 billion people in China and India already in the midst of explosive
industrialization (without the constraints this bill imposes on U.S. businesses
and consumers), I fear that cap and trade will amount to little more than
placing a few very expensive sandbags before the Johnstown Flood, so we can feel
good about having done something to stem the tide of climate change.

Tom Haver, Denver

----------------------------------------

Fines and fees are

just the same as taxes

Re: "Creative revenue; Colo. municipalities weigh higher fees, fines to fill
budget gaps," June 20 news story.

To paraphrase Shakespeare, a tax by any other name is still a tax. You may call
it a fee, a user fee, a toll, or a fine, but it is still a tax. It necessarily
involves removing money from the private sector and spending it in the public
sector.

And let us remind ourselves that all taxes are paid by individuals. Fines, fees
and tolls are especially onerous taxes because they are paid with after-tax
monies (i.e., take-home money that has already been taxed once).

Increasing taxes (fees, fines) in a shrinking economy, with rising unemployment,
hardly constitutes "creative revenue." Rather, it typifies feckless behavior by
unprincipled politicians.

Now, here is a creative suggestion: When municipal governments find themselves
facing shrinking revenues, they respond by shrinking their expenditures
commensurately.

This is called responsible

governance, and everywhere you look today it is in short supply.

Paul K. Miller, Centennial

---------------------------------------- Why stop at subsidizing parents of
disabled? Re: "Court gives parents of disabled a victory," June 23 news story.

So, the Supreme Court says that public schools have to subsidize the education
of a very small minority of children with learning disabilities who are not
being served by the public school curriculum. Why stop there? Why not subsidize
private tutoring for every child who is promoted in spite of not performing at
grade level? Or how about private music lessons for kids who don't make it into
the school choir? At this rate, we can bankrupt the public schools in just a few
years. Way to go, you nine.

Lois H. Feinstein, Denver

----------------------------------------

Estimates of the number of U.S. prison rapes Re: "Prisons must do more to
prevent rape of inmates," June 24

editorial.

Your editorial accurately calls prisoner rape distressingly common and
despicable, but understates its prevalence. The Bureau of Justice Statistics
(BJS) survey you cited, which estimated that 60,500 prisoners were sexually
abused in the previous year, included only state and federal prison inmates, not
jail detainees.

A similar BJS survey in jails in 2007 found that almost 25,000 jail detainees
had been sexually abused in the prior six months. These are snapshot surveys,
reaching only those behind bars on a particular day. The annual number of
admissions to local jails is 17 times higher than the jail population on any
given day, so the surveyors covered only a fraction of detainees. The actual
number of inmates sexually abused every year is significantly bigger than 60,500
- almost certainly several times higher.

Lovisa Stannow, Los Angeles

The writer is executive director of Just Detention International (formerly Stop
Prisoner Rape).

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              746 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                            April 2, 2008 Wednesday

Manager who grabs brass ring ends up with tarnished hands

BYLINE: Dear Abby Advice

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 623  words


DEAR ABBY: I just made the biggest career mistake of my life. I was working for
a wonderful company. Then a former co-worker told me about a management position
opening at the agency she went to work for.

I thought it would be my golden opportunity for advancement. I submitted my
resumé and, after two interviews, got the job.

The problem: This is the unfriendliest company I have ever seen. Management
belittles staff. Praise is seldom given. There is no kindness, no "good
mornings" uttered - the people here are just plain MEAN.

I am a friendly, outgoing person, and I'm having a hard time adapting. I miss my
old job. I realize now that I made a hasty decision, and I don't know what to
do. My old position has been filled, so there's no way I can go back. What
should I do?

- RELUCTANT

MANAGER

IN VERMONT

DEAR RELUCTANT MANAGER: Your predicament proves the truth of the saying, "The
grass isn't always greener." For the sake of your mental health, start looking
for another job. There is no way you are going to change the corporate culture
in the place you're now working.

Don't discount your old workplace; stay in touch. Something may open up there,
and your former colleagues may be glad to welcome you back.

***

DEAR ABBY: Help! I am engaged to a man with three kids - a seven-year-old girl
and nine-year-old twin boys - and soon to become a stepmom. He has them about
half the time.

The family all believe their biological mother is failing miserably, and I feel
as though they view me as a suitable substitute.

I like his children, but I have three of my own. One is grown; two are
teenagers. I see the light at the end of the tunnel and do not want to start
over again raising someone else's kids.

Can I marry this man and not have to raise his kids? Or is that what a
stepmother does? I would be happy just being their friend.

- UNCERTAIN STEPMOM

IN NEW ENGLAND

DEAR UNCERTAIN: Although you would be happy just being their friend, at their
ages and with the biological mother "failing miserably," face it: There will be
plenty of mothering going on. Of course you will have a hand in raising those
children - it goes with the territory. If that's not what you are willing to
sign on for, you should not marry him. Sorry.

***

DEAR ABBY: My husband, "Lee," and I have been married two years and have kept
all of our finances separate, including having different auto insurance
policies.

While I was away on a business trip, Lee moved my car and parked it in our
circular driveway. Subsequently, a tree limb broke and dented my car's trunk.

I was extremely distressed that damage was done to my car when I wasn't even in
the vicinity. I feel that, as a minimum, Lee should pay half of my car's
deductible. He refuses because he says it was an act of nature.

Obviously neither of us was directly to blame, but I truly believe he should pay
half the deductible because he moved my car in the first place. What do you
think?

- OUT ON A LIMB IN GEORGIA

DEAR OUT ON A LIMB: I see the logic. However, it depends on why your husband
moved your car.

If Lee moved it because it was street-cleaning or trash collection day, then he
should not be penalized. However, if he moved it on a whim, he should fork over
his half of the deductible.

***

Dear Abby is written by Abigail Van Buren, also known as Jeanne Phillips, and
was founded by her mother, Pauline Phillips. Write Dear Abby at www.
DearAbby.com or P.O. Box 69440, Los Angeles, CA 90069.

***

For an excellent guide to becoming a better conversationalist and a more
attractive person, order How to Be Popular. Send a business-size, self-
addressed envelope, plus cheque or money order for $6 (U.S. funds only) to: Dear
Abby Popularity Booklet, P.O. Box 447, Mount Morris, IL 61054-0447. (Postage is
included.)

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2008 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              747 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                            April 2, 2008 Wednesday

MANAGER WHO GRABS BRASS RING ENDS UP WITH TARNISHED HANDS

BYLINE: Dear Abby Advice

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 382  words


DEAR ABBY: I just made the biggest career mistake of my life. I was working for
a wonderful company. Then a former co-worker told me about a management position
opening at the agency she went to work for. I thought it would be my golden
opportunity for advancement. I submitted my resume and, after two interviews,
got the job.

The problem: This is the unfriendliest company I have ever seen. Management
belittles staff. Praise is seldom given. There is no kindness, no "good
mornings" uttered - the people here are just plain mean.

I am a friendly, outgoing person, and I'm having a hard time adapting. I miss my
old job. I realize now that I made a hasty decision, and I don't know what to
do. My old position has been filled, so there's no way I can go back. What
should I do? - RELUCTANT MANAGER IN VERMONT

DEAR RELUCTANT MANAGER: Your predicament proves the truth of the saying, "The
grass isn't always greener." For the sake of your mental health, start looking
for another job. There is no way you are going to change the corporate culture
in the place you're now working.

Don't discount your old workplace; stay in touch. Something may open up there,
and your former colleagues may be glad to welcome you back.

DEAR ABBY: Help! I am engaged to a man with three kids - a 7-year-old girl and
9-year-old twin boys - and soon to become a stepmom. He has them about half the
time.

The family all believe their biological mother is failing miserably, and I feel
as though they view me as a suitable substitute. I like his children, but I have
three of my own. One is grown; two are teenagers. I see the light at the end of
the tunnel and do not want to start over again raising someone else's kids.

Can I marry this man and not have to raise his kids? Or is that what a
stepmother does? I would be happy just being their friend. - UNCERTAIN STEPMOM
IN NEW ENGLAND

DEAR UNCERTAIN: Although you would be happy just being their friend, at their
ages and with the biological mother "failing miserably," face it: There will be
plenty of mothering going on. Of course you will have a hand in raising those
children - it goes with the territory. If that's not what you are willing to
sign on for, you should not marry him.

Dear Abby is written by Jeanne Phillips, daughter of column founder Pauline
Phillips.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2008 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              748 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            November 12, 2007 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

SCHOOL CHOICE ADVOCATES OMIT INCONVENIENT TRUTHS

BYLINE: Richard Russell

SECTION: EDITORIAL; GUEST COLUMN; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 815 words


I used to be one of the "educrats" George Lightbourn belittles in his essay
"School choice is working and should be expanded." Now retired, I spent my
professional career as an analyst for the Department of Public Instruction. For
part of that time, my opposite number at the Department of Administration was a
bright, insightful, competent (and, as it turns out, ambitious) young guy named
George Lightbourn. Yes, George fails to mention that he himself got his start as
an "educrat."

But that's only one of many things that George - now in the pay of the
corporate-backed Wisconsin Policy Research Institute think tank - fails to
mention.

For instance, he insists that parents should have the right to choose the school
their children attend. And so they do. Guaranteed by law. What he fails to
mention is that the general public is under absolutely no moral or legal
obligation to pay for it.

Even though WPRI now recognizes that parents aren't doing a particularly good
job of choosing schools for their children, George contends that they alone
should make the call. Another thing he fails to mention is that raising children
is a responsibility shared between parents and society as a whole. It's the
entire culture that insists that kids be immunized, fed, clothed and schooled
(and, in societies more enlightened than ours, provided with health care), and
gets downright intolerant of parents who abuse or neglect their kids, or try to
use them as cheap labor.

George also fails to mention that public school choice is a direct competitor
against the darling of the neocon movement: private school choice. And, while
WPRI was happy to do a study showing the shortcomings of public school choice,
the right wing has resisted every effort to subject private school choice to
comparable scrutiny.

The reason for this is simple. When Milwaukee's program was first instituted as
a limited experiment, it had an evaluation component. After five years, the
study (headed by highly respected UW-Milwaukee education Professor Alex Molnar)
had piled up lots of data, the reports were filed, and the private school
students had done no better than their public school counterparts. This was a
far cry from the glories that had been promised when the "experiment" was begun.
The reaction of Gov. Tommy Thompson's administration? Declare victory, remove
the "experimental" tag, expand the program and eliminate the evaluation! To this
day, the private schools are exempt from the kind of accountability that the
public schools face on a daily basis.

George advances the corporatist party line that the invisible hand of the market
will inevitably cause top-quality schools to bubble up to the top. Quality,
quality, quality. That's all anybody ever looks for in a school, according to
the propaganda. The George Lightbourn of a quarter-century ago would not have
been so naive as to presume (nor so disingenuous as to pretend) that this is
remotely close to reality. I could cite several dozen reasons other than quality
that parents use in choosing schools, but just consider a couple of parallel
situations: entertainment (vigorous exercise versus violent video games) and
nutrition (a healthy, balanced diet versus junk food). Those choices are just as
free and unfettered as they are with respect to the schools. Do parents
invariably choose quality, 100 percent of the time? The correct answer is
another thing George fails to mention.

George also fails to mention that WPRI's cover has long since been blown. It's
clearly a front for the twin pillars of neoconservatism: corporations and
churches. Neither of these institutions is primarily concerned with children as
human beings. The former wants their money; the latter wants their souls. They'd
be thrilled to see what they derogate as "government schools" close up shop
altogether. But they do foresee a role for government in the final picture: as
an endless source of funding.

For the rest of us, their hope is that we'll end up like George Lightbourn:
glossing over the whole truth to focus on the party line, ignoring the big
picture for the big bucks.

I suppose it's possible that WPRI could be the source of an honest study on
education. It's also possible that the tobacco industry could have done honest
research into the health effects of smoking. Sometimes honesty really is the
best policy, if it furthers your agenda. But keen observers will always want to
know: Even if what you did show us is true, what is it you're not telling us?
What do you fail to mention?

Now, these folks will undoubtedly counter that we advocates for the public
schools have an agenda of our own. And they're right. We do. It was best stated
about a century ago by John Dewey: "What the best and wisest parent wants for
his own child, that must the community want for all its children."

George fails to mention that too.

Richard Russell is a Madison resident.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              749 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Observer

                                 April 20, 2005

G2: Real lives: Bubbles of Kabul: Blonde and giggly, Marla Ruzicka was at first
easy to dismiss. Yet, single-handedly, the idealistic aid worker secured
millions of dollars' worth of compensation from America for the victims of its
wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. After her death in a bomb attack in Baghdad last
weekend, Rory Carroll mourns his friend

BYLINE: Rory Carroll

SECTION: Guardian Features Pages, Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1655 words


It was Christmas in Kabul and she walked into the Mustafa hotel looking like a
rumpled doll. Blonde hair streaked out from a black headscarf and dust shrouded
a beaten-up coat. She dumped her backpack on the floor and beamed around a lobby
filled with the smell of tobacco and stewed mutton and the stares of Afghan
guards and western reporters, all male. "Hi! I'm Marla!"

It was an exclamation more than a statement. This was indeed Marla, a
25-year-old Californian with no satellite phone, very little cash, a shoestring
organisation and an impossible mission, but any anxieties she may have felt were
concealed by a toothy grin. It was December 2001.

She had come, she said, to document civilian casualties of the recently
concluded US-led campaign to oust the Taliban. She not only wanted to find them
- difficult enough amid lawless chaos - she wanted Washington to compensate
them, to take responsibility for mistakes in its post-September 11 offensive.

It was easy, at first, to patronise and belittle, and many reporters did. She
gushed and fawned and giggled. Everything seemed either cool or awesome. She
complained about broken nails, wondered whether the market on Chicken Street
sold conditioner and asked about parties. Planet Marla was located in a
parallel, ditzy universe.

After rising at 4am one morning, the hotel dark and slumbering, I was taken
aback to see Bubbles, as she had been nicknamed, waiting in the corridor.
"Thanks for letting me come." I hadn't mentioned the trip, nor invited her, but
she wedged between a colleague and me for the ride to Qalaye Niazi, a village
recently attacked by American bombers on the grounds it harboured fugitive
members of the Taliban and al-Qaida. The Pentagon had claimed a clean hit with
no collateral damage, but amid the debris were bloodied children's shoes, the
scalp of a woman with braided grey hair, and wedding decorations. Survivors said
dozens of men, women and children had died. Marla wrote it all down, asked lots
of questions and returned to Kabul silent and thoughtful.

Last Saturday, almost three and a half years later, a journey which started in
the Afghan winter ended on a balmy spring afternoon in Baghdad. A suicide car
bomber attacked a convoy of SUVs on the airport road. Marla Ruzicka and her
colleague Faiz Al Salaam, 43, were separate from the convoy but their ordinary
car took the force of the blast, killing them both.

She had summoned the foreign press corps to a party that night at the Hamra
hotel and her failure to show was our first inkling that something was wrong.
The next morning the deaths were confirmed. Marla suffered burns to 90% of her
body. A medic who treated her at the scene reported her last words: "I'm alive."

Her friends, a global community since she befriended pretty much everyone she
met, are stunned. There is a hush around the Hamra hotel, low-voiced huddles
swapping Marla stories. The best is one that relates how she came to be taken
seriously, touched countless lives and changed US policy.

Tributes have flowed. "Everyone who met Marla was struck by her incredible
effervescence and commitment," said Kenneth Roth, executive director of Human
Rights Watch. "She was courageous and relentless in pursuit of accurate
information about civilians caught up in war."

Senator Patrick Leahy, a Vermont Democrat, said it was Marla's idea to put a
special fund in last year's foreign aid bill to compensate Iraqis whose
businesses had been bombed by mistake. "Just from the force of her personality,
we decided to take a chance on it." Leahy said $ 10m was added to the foreign
aid bill last year and another $ 10m had been set aside for next year. A
memorial will be held in Washington this week and the senator will pay tribute
from the Senate floor. "I said to her father this morning: 'A lot of people
spend their whole lives and do not begin to accomplish what she's done.'"

It is not difficult to reconcile Bubbles of Kabul with the human rights heroine
whose face has filled newspapers and television screens during the past few
days. Marla did not change. The lobbying grew more polished and sophisticated
but she was as bubbly at the beginning as the end. What changed was that
powerful people took notice.

She was born in Lakeport, near San Francisco, with her twin brother Mark the
youngest of six children of Clifford and Nancy Ruzicka, middle-class
Republicans. She was suspended for leading a school protest against the first
Gulf war and as a student at Long Island University visited Cuba, Guatemala,
Costa Rica and Israel, including Palestinian areas. Police carted her away when
she whipped off a sarong with a protest slogan at a speech by George Bush, then
governor of Texas.

On behalf of Global Exchange, a San Francisco-based advocacy group that is run
by Medea Benjamin, she visited Afghanistan in 2001 to document cases of wounded
and bereaved civilians. The US government was not counting them and much of the
media and other human rights groups balked at visiting remote, dangerous areas
to interview survivors.

Some of us called it Marla's mad mission. After a break I returned to Kabul in
April 2002 and found the wide-eyed wonder of December transformed into a
networking queen who knew all the journalists, peacekeepers, aid workers and
politicians. She had lured Bianca Jagger to the capital. Marla would totter
around parties in heels and slinky dresses, vodka in hand, making introductions.
The socialising bordered on the frenzied and sometimes ended with Marla slumped,
but not before the room had been worked for anything useful for an unofficial
survey which confirmed 824 dead.

The US embassy loathed Marla, not least for the day she assembled dozens of
mostly Pashtun tribesmen, some bandaged and limping, in front of its walls to
demand compensation. The stunt received wide coverage. Marla was becoming a
media star, popping up on CNN and becoming the subject of a biography. Publicity
for the cause, she said, relishing the attention.

Boyfriends came and went, but she often hinted at loneliness. In a recent online
journal entry she wrote: "I am young, and new at this and developing ways to
cope, but in honesty I have tried red wine a little too much for medicine,
deprived myself of sleep and felt extremely inadequate." The furious energy
never abated. Lobbying, travelling, kickboxing and partying were her therapy.

After Afghanistan she founded her own NGO, the Campaign for Innocent Victims in
Conflict (Civic), rented an office in Washington DC and forged ties with
congressmen such as Leahy. When Donald Rumsfeld testified at a Senate hearing,
she engaged him on his way out and quietly made her case, figuring it would be
more effective than protesting.

She was in Baghdad for the March 2003 invasion and mobilised 150 volunteers to
visit hospitals and attempt to make the first proper list of people killed or
injured by US forces. Their total of more than 2,000 dead formed the basis for
subsequent estimates which touched 20,000. For a time she stayed at the Guardian
house before worsening security forced her and the correspondents into the Hamra
hotel.

Counting became a means to gain attention and help for casualties who would
otherwise be ignored. In an essay sent to Human Rights Watch shortly before she
died, Marla wrote: "A number is important not only to quantify the cost of the
war, but to me each number is also a story of someone whose hopes, dreams and
potential will never be realised, and who left behind a family."

Some Iraqis were bemused by the blonde who would burst from a black ankle-length
abaya , worn to disguise herself as a local, hugging and kissing their children,
but she won the respect of families who were given the hope of financial and
medical aid.

It would not have been possible without Faiz Al Salaam, a commercial pilot with
Iraq Air who had become Marla's driver, fixer and translator. A witty, urbane
man, he recently became a father and hinted at quitting his perilous sideline.
Last June, Marla wrote about the airport road in her online journal: "The ride
is not pleasant. Military convoys passing every moment. Faiz and I hold our
breath."

The target of Saturday's attack appears to have been a convoy of civilian
contractors who happened to be passing the couple when the bomber struck.
Witnesses described the car of Faiz and Marla bursting into flames. A French
national also died and six people were injured. Faiz's relatives identified
Marla's body but have yet to retrieve his corpse, possibly because it was so
badly damaged.

Friends had advised Marla against returning to Baghdad. But the 28-year-old said
she needed to collect fresh stories for fundraising and so checked back into the
Hamra last month, bearing cheese, chocolate and cigars for fellow guests. She
knocked on the doors of the few people she did not know. "Hi! I'm Marla!"
Helping the relatives of an infant whose parents were killed when their vehicle
was hit by what was believed to be an American rocket became a particular
passion. She praised individual US commanders for wanting to do the right thing
but complained about bureaucratic obstacles.

Last Friday, Marla left a telephone message to her parents: "Mom and Dad, I love
you. I'm OK." Her mother, Nancy, said they were worried but knew better than to
tell their children to do anything. "We were supportive and just reminded her to
be careful."

At a Marla-instigated gathering that same night, her last, she was in her
element, taking people aside for chats, raving about the food and promising to
quit smoking any minute. To my eyes she had not aged a day since Kabul but she
batted away the remark. Something about the air in Baghdad dried the skin, she
said, rubbing her temples. "Once I hit 30 I'm going to get old really quickly."
The thought struck her as funny and she laughed.


LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                       © 2005 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              750 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                       July 5, 2004 Monday Final Edition

Don't let them destroy the last vestiges of our city's heritage; Hamilton's
downtown

SOURCE: The Hamilton Spectator

BYLINE: Jo-Anne Martin, Hamilton

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 265 words


Shout from your rooftops; write letters; stand up and scream that you want your
heritage left intact. It is worth every dime to save what Hamilton is about.

I do not want to belittle Toronto, or Detroit, I want to be a Hamiltonian and
proud of what makes us the way we are; proud of what our parents and
grandparents built for us and generations to follow.

Our government is letting everything that Hamilton stands for slip away. All we
hear about is downtown revitalization.

The Lister Block and now the Tivoli Theatre were a part of downtown ... well
they used to be until they were left to deteriorate to the point of collapse. If
you can't keep alive what you have, then how are we supposed to trust what you
build? You need to build a strong downtown core, but first you must keep the
foundation intact.

As a Hamiltonian, a part of my love for this city declines as our heritage
crumbles.

Look at the smaller towns, villages and cities around us. They are about their
roots; they preserve their old structures; they keep them strong. Heck, even Tim
Hortons had to build their building to fit into the look of the older buildings
in Stoney Creek.

Perhaps the smaller communities should get together and deal with the downtown
revitalization program and the city politicians should sit back and take a
lesson.

Please keep Hamilton alive and preserve what makes up our city; build a stronger
downtown; keep the old and enhance it; don't let it fall apart and build what a
handful of developers believe is best.

Build what the people of Hamilton want -- history!

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                    Copyright 2004 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              751 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                        May 9, 2004 Sunday Final Edition

Management

SOURCE: The Gazette

SECTION: Editorial / Op-ed; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 110 words

After using almost her entire column to belittle Yvon Deschamps's personal
decision (Opinion, May 7, "Deschamps shows us time is running out."), I find it
humorous to see what I consider a very important fact buried in a quote Josee
Legault attributes to Deschamps: "Gone is the era of great ideas. There is no
vision, no project for the future. To me, what politicians do now is management,
not politics."

If more "politicians" chose to manage the responsibilities of public office
effectively and proactively, then maybe Quebec would never have had to become a
province of solitudes separated by mistrust and arrogance.

Howard Smith

West Fargo, N.D.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              752 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                August 24, 2002 Saturday Five Star Lift Edition

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR : REPORT ON SHERIFF'S OFFICE COULD LEAD TO REFORMS

SECTION: EDITORIAL ; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 485 words


Why would two letter writers (Aug. 21) belittle the detailed descriptions of the
corruption in the St. Louis sheriff's office? Hasn't it been the historical goal
of good newspapers to be a watchdog of the politicians for the people? How else
would we be aware and be able to oust the rascals?

Even if everyone over the age of 8 already knows about the specific office's
corruption, possibly the repetition in detail will start an effort among the
public to bring about change.

The recognition that the city has operated in this fashion for generations
doesn't mean it should be allowed to continue thus. Maybe this series of
articles is what is needed to clean up and improve the operation of an important
city function.

Surely, anything such as these articles that would ignite the beginning of the
end of patronage in any city department is good.

Elden L Mueller

Webster Groves

The Aug. 20 editorial, "Hacks with badges," makes it apparent that the
Post-Dispatch is attempting to push its agenda of Home Rule legislation.

Patronage jobs have a long history in St. Louis. My mother was a widow with 10
children who was able to get a job through the patronage system. Many of the
patronage jobs are not highly technical and offer an employment alternative to
workers who are not technically skilled.

The question is how to fix the system. I'm sure that Sheriff James W. Murphy
will make changes if necessary. As a taxpayer, I prefer to vote for the people
who run city offices, as opposed to having people appointed by someone with his
own agenda.

The patronage system could use an overhaul, but to abolish it in favor of Home
Rule is overkill.

Mary Ann Rice-Schuhwerk

St. Louis

I would like to get a job as a deputy with the sheriff's office, but I am afraid
I cannot meet the qualifications.

I am retired, so I cannot work a second job while I am supposed to be doing my
deputy work. I have never been arrested or jailed. My drivers license has never
been suspended or revoked, and I have always insured my automobiles.

However, I understand that to work as a deputy in the city, you must live in the
city. I don't live in the city, so that should be in my favor.

I think I will give it a try. I can use the money donated by the taxpayers for
not doing my job.

Charles M. Schroer

Kirkwood

Reporter Carolyn Tuft did an outstanding job. I am surprised that anybody is
surprised.

I believe she forgot one item. Politically, the city is a one-party town.

Bill Westmeyer

Mehlville

My compliments to the Post-Dispatch. It's no wonder or surprise the city is in
such a dire position. Get rid of Sheriff Murphy and his goons!

S. Berman

Clayton

The news articles on the sheriff's deputies makes for interesting reading. But
give it a few weeks. It will all be forgotten and the sheriff's office will be
back to business as usual. Typical St. Louis politics.

Fred Plough

Imperial

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: LETTERS

TYPE: LETTERS

                  Copyright 2002 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              753 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          December 16, 1999, Thursday

Crew gets short with councilman Belittles pol's height after being cri ticized

BYLINE: By ALISON GENDAR and PAUL H.B. SHIN DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 390 words

Responding to an attack from City Councilman Stephen Fiala, Schools Chancellor
Rudy Crew yesterday dismissed the Staten Island representative as "too short" to
call for his resignation.

"He's too short to talk to me about that," Crew said before a school board
meeting yesterday, when reporters asked about criticism that Fiala had been
publicly voicing for two days.

"I don't think there's any way, shape or form that I'm going to ever be
impressed with what the councilman had to say today, tomorrow or any other time.

"He can call for my resignation - till he's taller," Crew said with a slight
laugh.

The 5-foot-6-inch councilman was not amused with the comments from the burly
school chancellor, who is about 6 feet tall.

"If you want to play at that level, play in the playground," a fuming Fiala
said. "Maybe that's where [Crew] should be, instead of in the chancellor's
office, for resorting to name calling."

Fiala started the war of words Tuesday by saying Crew should resign in the wake
of a recent slew of scandals involving the Board of Education.

The school system has been rocked by allegations of widespread attendance fraud
and reports of teachers helping students cheat on tough new exams.

"The city has been given a laundry list of corruption in the Board of Ed," Fiala
said. "There seems to be an acceptance of mediocrity."

After hearing of the height slight, Fiala said, "Crew is a visionary, but he is
not an administrator. We need an administrator. His comments today prove he is
not the one."

As for his stature, he said, "I am 5 feet 6 and happy to be 5 feet 6. Short
people can make a contribution. I made one today. Crew did not."

The war of words comes as the board considers whether to extend Crew's contract
past its expiration in June. The board has to notify Crew by Jan. 1 whether it
plans to offer him a one-year extension.

Although Fiala has no vote on Crew's contract, his views mirror those of Jerry
Cammarata, the Staten Island member of the board, who was not at its meeting and
could not be reached for comment.

Board President William Thompson said the board probably would meet with Crew on
Monday to decide his future.

Crew, who has been coy about whether he wants to stay, said that if he did plan
to remain, he probably would want a longer contract extension than one year.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1999 Daily News, L.P.


                              754 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      February 15, 1998 Sunday 1ST EDITION

An age-old question Underage strippers belittle proposed ordinance

BYLINE: By Michael Booth, Denver Post Staff Writer, WORKING FOR A LIVING

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-01

LENGTH: 1224 words


GLENDALE - The way the youngest strippers at Mile High Saloon see it, crusading
Mayor Joe Rice could tackle a host of far more serious public health problems
than the fact that they expose their bodies to paying customers.

Take smoking, for example. On a break from dancing mostly naked in front of a
sparse midweek crowd, Shawna and Angela stub out an endless series of cigarettes
they know are not good for their 20-year-old lungs.

And it's not the aroused men who will force Angela to quit stripping in a year
or two. It's her own ankles, knees and back, sore from 2 1/2 years of exotic
maneuvers on stage. It's clear the dancers think politicians should be more
interested in health insurance than public morals.

Finally, they say, there's the matter of unemployment. "He's trying to run
people out of jobs when he should be trying to set up more jobs for other
people," said Shawna, who like Angela wanted to use only her stage name.

The proposed Glendale ordinance to outlaw strippers under age 21 at Mile High
Saloon and Shotgun Willie's, given preliminary approval last week and up for a
final vote March 17, is a moral question for many involved. Rice says he bases a
good deal of his opinion on heart-wrenching testimony from the father of a
teenage stripper who said it ruined his daughter's life.

But for many of the younger strippers, the issues are far more practical than
moral. They'd like to know where else - legally - they could make $ 200 a night
to pay for college or baby food or medical bills, or just for nice new clothes
and a good apartment.

They admit their work falls on the borderline between things you tell your
family and things you keep secret. They dread climbing down from the stage to
talk - just talk - to desperate men who pay them great tips for conversations.
And Shawna clenches her teeth tightly when describing the last proposition she
rejected from a loathsome customer.

They also claim, though, in the face of all opposing arguments from Rice and his
supporters, that the stripping has been good for their egos and mental health.
For every time they've stomped away from a customer who couldn't keep his hands
to himself, there's another time they've left the stage feeling like they owned
the world.

"My boyfriend picks me up and says, 'Man, your ego won't fit in the car
tonight,"' Shawna said. "You get told you're beautiful 100 times a night, and
eventually it soaks in." 'Hustling' part of the job

Angela started stripping as soon as she was eligible under current Glendale
laws, when she turned 18. "I've always loved dancing, and my sister had done it,
and she said, 'Guess what? You can make money off what you love to do.' I lived
most of my life in Europe, and I had a pretty free attitude about nakedness,"
Angela said.

If learning to take off her clothes was relatively easy, learning the "hustling"
was not. They don't mean hustling as in prostitution. All the women at Mile High
Saloon profess loyalty to the house rules forbidding dating, let alone
soliciting, any client. They mean hustling as in schmoozing, talking to men for
hours about their fantasies or sports or "whatever."

"It's like any sales job: The more people you talk to, the more money you make,"
Angela said.

She says she takes in $ 150 to $ 200 in a seven-hour shift, dancing on stage
about 20 minutes every two hours. "Monday, on a day shift, I pulled in $ 190,"
she said.

The "house mom," who conducts Breathalyzer tests on the underage girls to
discourage drinking and manages all the dancers, gets a 5 percent cut from that
total. The disc jockey gets another 10 percent. The strippers pay a $
2-a-day-locker fee to Mile High, tips to the valet, and the rest is theirs.

Shawna started stripping six months ago to raise cash for extensive medical
bills and to save toward paying out-of-state tuition this fall to pursue a fine
arts major.

Is the stripping morally bad for her, at age 20, she is asked?

"It would be worse for me to be on welfare, not going to school and living with
a brain tumor. I thought doing this would put me through hell. I had only seen
movies. But I was completely surprised. It's a very supportive environment," she
said.

The strippers - and of course the club owners who helped arrange interviews with
them - are not happy with other parts of Glendale's proposed ordinance. The city
would ban all stripping after midnight, ban lucrative table dancing and require
the women to stay 6 feet from the clients. All tips would go into a jar instead
of the G-string.

Rice said he does not want to eliminate the strip clubs altogether, as some of
his opponents have charged. But he said he does believe limits on the strip
culture are not just legal, they are vital.

"We have to strike the balance between personal rights and the community's right
and responsibility to set the limits on personal rights," Rice said. "Society
has said there are some professions you can't do until you're 21, like being a
security guard. There are different age levels for different things."

Nor is Rice overwhelmed by arguments from some young strippers that they are
avoiding welfare, going to college and using the big tips as a way to spend more
time with their children.

The teenage strippers have to "take responsibility for their own lives," he
said. "One lady called to vent to me and said, 'I'm a single mother, and I
didn't take my clothes off and I still provide for my child and got through
school."'

Rice added, "I put myself through college, and I didn't take my clothes off. Not
that anyone would have paid for that anyway."

Some of the strippers resent the spirit-of-the-community resolution introducing
the new law to the public, which mentions AIDS and repeatedly claims to "promote
the health, safety, morals and general welfare of Glendale." Not prostitutes

"They're treating us like prostitutes, like we're dirtier than other people,"
Angela said. She gestures over her shoulder at the pulsing red lights and
thumping music from the main bar. "What's corrupt in here, besides drinking and
smoking?"

Rice said he does not know if the Glendale Police Department has ever linked
prostitution to the local strip clubs. He said he recalls testimony last year
during a Glendale City Council meeting in which one stripper indicated some of
the women may be involved in illicit sex.

Glendale police Lt. Mark Wolf said he recently did a computer check of
department records, going back several years. "We haven't had any calls at those
locations concerning prostitution," he said.

As for the common assumption that many strippers are hiding from bigger
problems, or involved with rotten men or drugs, the Mile High dancers just
laugh.

"If women are hiding from that kind of thing, then they're going broke," said
club manager Vickie Jo, who used to dance as a teenager in the mid-1980s. "The
clients can sense it right away."

Shawna and Angela are without children. What would they tell their own
daughters, years from now, if they wanted to strip?

"I'd ask her to justify her reasons, and make sure it was a good steppingstone
for where they want to go," Shawna said. "If it was clear that it was, I'd tell
them to go ahead."  If you have an idea for a "Working" profile, send e-mail to
newsroom@denverpost.com, attention Michael Booth, or call 820-1686.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The Denver Post/John Leyba Angela works at Mile High Saloon in
Glendale.  The city is trying to crack down on underage dancers in strip clubs.

                        Copyright 1998 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              755 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                      July 31, 1997 Thursday Final Edition

Canadian consumers must be more demanding

BYLINE: Frank Attardo

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 879 words


It is the national pastime for Canadians to belittle or make fun of the American
attitudes towards consumerism. We pride ourselves as being above all that. In
many ways, we Canadians have an attitude of accepting whatever products and
services are provided to us by retailers or others that sell us their services.
We shouldn't. A recent holiday trip illustrates my point.

My wife and I celebrated our 25th wedding anniversary this past June, an
accomplishment of which we are both proud. Our numerous nephews and nieces got
together and bought us a holiday trip to Las Vegas, booked with Sunquest Tours.
This was a much better gift than a myriad of silver trays that would have
required constant cleaning. We both looked forward to the trip, which took place
several weeks ago.

As usual, the tickets were not ready, and the travel agent asked us to pick them
up at the airport in Toronto the morning of departure. The flight was scheduled
to depart at 11 a.m. As the flight was full, we were told to be at the airport
at least two hours early.

Our Canadian attitude came into full force and we dutifully left our home in
Burlington at 8 a.m. to be at the airport before the two-hour required time.

Needless to say, the flight was delayed. Eventually, the plane took off at 6
p.m., seven hours late. The departure area at Terminal One of Pearson
International Airport can lose its lustre very quickly.

This particular trip was promoted as a four night-five day trip to fabulous Las
Vegas, from Sunday to Thursday. Sunquest prints a very classy brochure with
almost all the particulars.

The airline that took us to Las Vegas was Royal Airlines. The flight originated
in Belfast where the delay occurred. We understood that delays do occur. I would
rather fly on a delayed safe plane than suffer the dire consequences of a
mechanical slip up.

However, the problem was not the delay. It was the attitude of the ground
personnel of Sunquest.

SHORTENED AT BOTH ENDS

For the return flight on Thursday, we were advised that the luggage would be
picked up at 7 a.m. So much for the last day being part of the holiday. When the
sole Sunquest representative was asked what the company would do to make up for
the delay, his response was nothing. There was no gesture of goodwill. When
asked if Sunquest would at least purchase dinner or show tickets for us in
Vegas, the response was that it would cost too much. In other words, their
obligations stopped at the time that we purchased their services.

As you can imagine, this second honeymoon holiday had definitely started on the
wrong foot.

Compare the Sunquest attitude with that of the Flamingo Hotel in which we stayed
and with other resorts in Las Vegas.

July is a very hot month in the desert climate. As we walked the hotel strip, we
noticed a lemonade stand in front of the Aladdin Hotel. The refreshments were
made available to every passerby at no charge. It was simply a free promotional
vehicle used by the hotel to bring in customers. When was the last time you
walked in downtown Toronto or Hamilton and a hotel offered free refreshments?

As I prepared to check out of the Flamingo, the clerk asked if I was a VIP
member. I was not. I was signed up and, as a compliment, they picked up several
of the charges that were made to our room. Their attitude was pleasant and most
gracious. Working in a resort area, they truly understand the value of a
customer who is pleased and will come back.

Upon returning home, I wrote to the travel agent, Sunquest and Royal to express
our displeasure with their services. As of this date, none have responded.

SOME TIPS

This is the basic difference in attitude towards the consumer in our two
countries. In many ways, Canadian companies, especially those that deal in the
service sector, do take our business for granted.

The next time that you book a holiday trip, keep in mind the following points:

- Check out the airline and where the flight is originating. If the flight is
coming from overseas, book another company.

- Make sure that your return flight is not an early morning one. If it is, look
for another airline. There are usually other airlines that have different
departure times.

- Ask both your travel agent and the tour company what their policy is on
extremely long delays. This is especially important for short holiday trips. If
they cannot give you a satisfactory answer, look for another company.

- Most airlines offer discounted airfare if you travel on a Saturday. This is
important if an airline has regular flights to your favourite destination. If
the flight is delayed, there is usually another one within a short period.

A final tip on booking your fantasy holiday. There are many good values out
there. The best way to find one is to call the resort that you want directly. In
other words, become your own travel agent. In many cases they can provide you
with an equivalent or better deal that includes both hotel and flight, as well
as other features (such as discounts on show tickets in the case of Las Vegas).
Most have toll-free 800 numbers.

As consumers, we must let it be known that less than satisfactory services will
not be tolerated.

Will I go back to Las Vegas? Yes. How I get there will be another matter.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Opinion

                    Copyright 1997 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              756 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     May 16, 1996, Thursday, METRO EDITION

Bowman holds the edge in Cup playoff strategy

BYLINE: By Jim Proudfoot Toronto Star

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 545 words


   MIKE KEENAN rants and raves. Scotty Bowman, as you'd expect, has been subtler
in coaching the Detroit-St. Louis Stanley Cup series, reaching a Game 7
denouement this evening.

It must remain a mystery, until the 7:35 p.m. faceoff, just how Bowman will seek
an edge for the Red Wings. But he'll think of something, the way he's done
before in 256 previous playoff contests - successfully on 159 occasions.

Keenan's approach is to berate the referees, deride the opposition and belittle
even the finest of the Blues if they falter. The concepts are tired.

Brian Noonan left his playbook in a hotel room while he was in Detroit last
weekend, helping the Blues seize a 3-2 margin. This document somehow found its
way into Bowman's hands. The data contained therein were scarcely secret. Yet
the breach of security enraged Keenan. So the material couldn't have been devoid
of significance.

One unsurprising revelation: Detroit's Sergei Fedorov "hates to be hit." It
would be important, the Blues were reminded, to "finish their checks" on him,
Steve Yzerman, Paul Coffey and Igor Larionov.

National Hockey League rules, see, allow a person to crash into somebody who has
just passed. You're not expected to brake the instant your target yields
possession.

And such contact is vital with guys like Coffey and the Detroit Russians because
they always have a strategic destination in mind when dealing the puck. So
accurate slams will disrupt Detroit's offensive patterns - people don't get
where they want to go.

You can assume Bowman understood all this. But he'd be delighted if Keenan
imagined his club had been sabotaged by enemy espionage.

What Bowman did, when the Redbirds were tying the round Tuesday night, was
rearrange his deployment of personnel. Now two sets of prominent attackers
joined large, bruising, fearless partners - Fedorov and Yzerman beside Darren
McCarty; Keith Primeau in Fedorov's spot with Larionov and Slava Kozlov.

Bowman even bombarded the Blues with their own weaponry. Intricacy was
abandoned. The Wings began dumping into the St. Louis zone and forechecking
industriously against a weak defence and a bad goalie.

"They outhit us," Keenan acknowledged, "and took away what was supposed to be
our strength."

Bowman also thought it essential to alter what was becoming a steady course of
unpleasant occurrences, such as three successive St. Louis victories.

So, after the players boarded a bus headed for their morning workout, he told
them to disembark and report to a conference room. He had decided a meeting
would be more productive. The surprise element dramatized the urgency of the
situation.

IN SHORT: The Leafs want Tom Watt, former St. John's coach, to upgrade their NHL
scouting. . . . Referees Paul Stewart, Paul Devorski and Mick McGeough were
dropped after the opening playoff round. Stewart and Devorski worked Toronto
games. . . . Roger Turcotte, who died this week, was North America's leading
apprentice jockey in 1975 and won 1,169 races altogether. . . . The Raptors sent
Damon Stoudamire, Tracy Murray, Carlos Rogers and coach Darrell Walker to soak
up playoff atmosphere surrounding the Chicago doubleheader in New York.

Jim Proudfoot's column normally appears five days a week.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1996 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              757 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           October 11, 1994, Tuesday

Letters A token woman

BYLINE: KATHLEEN KENNEDY, Atlanta

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section A; Page 8

LENGTH: 1009 words


How dare Mona Charen?!!

How dare she belittle the hard-wrought, hard-fought achievements of women
through the ages who - having no voice or choice of their own - dedicated their
lives to making sure that she would have both.

The struggle for women's freedom did not begin and end in the 1960s, although
that was a very productive time.

It has been going on for centuries, and with people like Mona Charen around, it
will probably continue for many more years.

The fact that Charen extrapolates a legion of anti-family feminists from a joke
that Cokie Roberts' mother made on C-Span gives me a very good idea of her
intellectual capabilities.

Patriarchal culture needs its token women, and Charen fills that need admirably.

Battle belittled

The Rev. EDWARD A. FROST, Atlanta

Almost every time Carolyn Long Banks speaks she diminishes the prestige of the
Atlanta City Council.

In comparing Mayor Bill Campbell's decision to end the inanity of Freaknik to
the racist demagoguery and terrorism of Bull Conner, Lester Maddox and George
Wallace, Councilwoman Banks has outdone herself.

She has belittled the courage of all those who suffered at the hands of those
tyrants.

How dare she compare the drunken chaos of Freaknik with the struggle for civil
rights?

Far from being impressed by her pretense at representing members of the black
community, I sincerely hope they are outraged by Banks and her incredible
insensitivity to - surely it can't be ignorance of - their battle for civil
rights in the South.

Cult mentality

JANET SIERZANT, Kennesaw

The recent ritual suicide/murder of cult members in Switzerland should not be
all that shocking to us. It is not the first such case and I dare say it will
not be the last.

In the search for spiritual fulfillment, more and more people put their faith in
mortal men who claim to have a direct line to God.  They put these leaders on
pedestals and give them their complete devotion, all the while hypnotized by
rhetoric until they cannot think for themselves.

Cult mentality is not always obvious.

Anytime people look to others to decide what is right or wrong, they are in
danger.

Beyond egos

CHUCK WU, Norcross

I am tired of reading articles on "Who's in charge - Clinton or Carter?" Isn't
the definition of management "getting jobs done through people"? Who could be
better motivated and experienced than a so-called failed president? Carter,
given opportunities by Clinton, certainly has redefined the role of a former
president.

Small ego opens a broader view and thus goes a long way.

Debate is over

ROBERT GORE, Decatur

Newt Gingrich's reasons for not participating in the debate Sunday with Ben
Jones reflect his ever-increasing capacity to refine the art of inexactitude. I
suspect that he is apprehensive of a TV debate because he does not have the
confidence to deal with issues of campaign funding and of having his political
"positions" exposed as being found on spurious rhetoric rather than informed
thinking.

Whatever, Gingrich's refusal to take part in the debate borders on impertinence.
He denied the voters in District 6 the right to hear both candidates discuss
their positions in front of the camera on the critical issues that concern them.

Move to the center

RANDY HILL, Austell

I could not believe my eyes - an editorial about the importance of religion. Is
this the same newspaper that claims even one minute of silence in public schools
infringes on separation of church and state? The same newspaper that supported
the removal of the Ten Commandments from government buildings? The same
newspaper that calls Christians who oppose homosexuality bigoted, ignorant and
divisive?

This is a weak attempt to move to the center just before Election Day. Give me a
break.

Criminals beware

GEORGE H. WEST, Madison

The tags soon to be required on guns sold in Fulton County are an insult and a
joke - nothing new when it comes to gun laws. One warning does ring true,
however: Law-abiding gun owners who are prepared to defend the lives of loved
ones at home are indeed dangerous - dangerous to any criminal dumb enough to try
to force his way into their home.

ABORTION What's in a number?

BETH BATTEN, Decatur

The gist of Cynthia Tucker's Sunday column was that pro-and anti- abortion
forces should seek common ground and work together to reduce the number of
abortions since "even dedicated reproductive-rights activists ought to be
troubled by women with histories of three or four abortions."

Why should pro-choice activists be troubled by multiple abortions? If abortion
isn't wrong, who cares how many of them there are? If abortion does not actually
involve the taking of a human life, then it isn't wrong, and it should be
allowed anywhere, anytime. But if it does involve human life, then it is wrong
and should be illegal.

Ms. Tucker's comments are all too familiar in a society that has rejected any
absolutes. The result is a confused society, without standards to consult as it
faces one crisis after another. And usually, as Ms. Tucker's column reflects, we
don't feel too comfortable with the choices we've given ourselves the freedom to
make.

Many beliefs

RAMAKRISHNAIYER RAMAN, Tucker

Nobody likes abortion, not even the pro-choice advocates. It is hypocritical of
the pro-life people to suggest that life is sacred when many of them are willing
to hunt and kill animals, or even support the death penalty. As for the
pro-adoption people, will they be willing to adopt millions of poor, starving,
unwanted children all over the world, especially in the underdeveloped
countries? Where is the money to do this?

I am from India. For many of us Hindus, we do not have any objection to
abortions. Hinduism treats unwanted pregnancies and unwanted children as purely
domestic issues to be tackled by the individuals to the best of their ability
and spiritual capacity.

I resent those people trying to impose their beliefs on others. There are many
religions and cultures in our world, holding differing beliefs that demand
respect.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942870149

GRAPHIC: Photo: Mug shot of Beth Batten.

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              758 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              March 3, 1989 Friday

Senate begins Tower nomination debate

BYLINE: JENNIFER LEWINGTON; GAM

LENGTH: 645 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


BY  JENNIFER LEWINGTON
 Globe and Mail Correspondent
  WASHINGTON
    Armed with dramatic readings from American literature and Texas
history, members of the U.S. Senate yesterday launched their formal debate
on the imperiled nomination of John Tower as secretary of defence.

With a Senate vote delayed until next week, top Democrats tried to
sound a sober note of regret over Mr. Tower's travails, even as they
skewered their former colleague as unfit for the top job at the Pentagon.

At the same time, Republicans sought to belittle newly published
anecdotes of drunkenness and sexual misconduct against Mr. Tower, hoping
to head off a defeat for President George Bush, only five weeks into his
presidency.

But after two days of personal lobbying by Mr. Bush earlier this week,
he still lacks the votes needed to win Senate approval of Mr. Tower.

U.S. news organizations yesterday reported that 45 senators oppose the
nomination with 43 in favor, with the division almost exclusively along
party lines in the Democratic-controlled Congress.

The remaining 12 senators are undecided. Last week, the Senate armed
services committee recommended that the full Senate reject the Tower
nomination.

Adopting Mr. Bush's central plea for fairness, the Republicans
repeatedly complained that the confirmation process had been "hijacked" by
weeks of leaked stories about Mr. Tower's private and business life.

Maine Republican William Cohen said the President has witnessed "the
trial, conviction and the political execution" of his long-time ally.

Georgia Senator Sam Nunn, Democratic chairman of the armed services
committee, said he acted with a "sense of sorrow" in leading the charge to
defeat the former Texas senator, a former chairman of the same committee.

Mr. Nunn, who said he had expected to endorse Mr. Tower, said "my mind
was changed by the facts presented to the committee," a reference to a
still-secret background report on the nominee by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation.

Citing allegations of excessive drinking by the nominee, Mr. Nunn said:
"It's not only a question of behavior . . . it is a question of example."

Conceding that his committee found no evidence that Mr. Tower breached
any conflict-of-interest rules in consulting for defence contrac tors
after his stint as an arms control negotiator for the Reagan
administration, Mr. Nunn nevertheless accused him of "poor judgment."

"The situation creates the appearance of using public office for
private gain," the Democrat said, quoting Mr. Tower's own acknowledgement
that public perceptions should be a matter of concern.

However, leading Republicans repeatedly accused Mr. Tower's detractors
of using a double standard to judge him unfairly, thereby setting a bad
precedent for relations between Congress and the White House and for
future presidential nominations.

By tradition, the President's cabinet choices are usually approved by
the Senate, which has turned back only eight nominees in U.S. history.

Yesterday, on the anniversary of Texas independence and the 200th year
of Congress, members recited lines from plays and historic U.S. battles to
make their point.

Mr. Cohen, a published novelist and poet, read from T. S. Eliot's
Murder in the Cathedral and Arthur Miller's The Crucible to warn against
doing the "wrong thing for the wrong reasons."

During the debate, Republican Senator John McCain of Arizona tried to
neutralize a damaging story published yesterday in the Washington Post
that cited another incident of sexual misconduct against Mr. Tower.

The story quoted a U.S. Air Force sergeant who said he witnessed Mr.
Tower in an inebriated state while on a tour of the Texas military base.
The sergeant also claimed, according to the FBI report, that Mr. Tower had
"fondled" a woman member of the air force.

However, Mr. McCain said he had information that the Air Force sergeant
had left the military after being treated by psychiatrists.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1989 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              759 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                             June 7, 2007 Thursday

Stinging Terror Plots

BYLINE: ERNEST STERNBERG

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 742 words


The news cycle is rapidly passing by yet another mass-murder plot against New
Yorkers. This time the targets were storage tanks at JFK airport, along with the
pipeline that supplies them with jet fuel. The conspirators allegedly hoped to
burn the airport and destroy at least some of the Queens neighborhoods through
which the pipeline runs.

After all, this is the same story yet again. New York is the target, its
residents are the desired victims, and the accused are Islamist fanatics. What's
more, the story has elements that skeptics can seize upon to belittle the
threat.

What we know so far comes from the formal accusation filed by the Kings County
District Attorney's Office to give cause for the arrest. The alleged plotters
had no explosives, no terrorist resumes, and at this stage of their plot, little
practical chance of setting Queens on fire.

But they were sufficiently driven by loathing for Americans, were persistent for
over a year and a half, and had murky international connections that may have
been useful enough to get them the resources they lacked.

They were snagged through a sting operation done by an FBI informant.

To reporters of the New York Times, Michael Powell and William Rashbaum, it was
less a plan than a "proposed effort longer on evil intent than on operational
capability." They quote a leading criminal defense attorney saying, "there is a
risk to overstating the sophistication of a terror plot." The article states,
"the risk is that drumbeating creates a climate of fear and drives public
policy." It ends with the lawyer's warning that over-hyping will cause fear and
paranoia.

I conclude very differently: the JFK pipeline plot reveals a grave risk and an
essential lesson. The risk is less in its particulars than in the fact that it
is one more plot on an ever-longer list.

By my count, it's the 17th - five carried out with actual fatalities - against
New York since 1993. They include the 15 listed in a previous article of mine in
the Sun, plus the Fort Dix plot uncovered last month.

Without paranoia or undue fear, a prudent person must conclude that there likely
are more plots in the works. Not all plots can be prevented by law enforcement
and not all are run by incompetent persons.

The JFK Pipeline Plot also reinforces a critical lesson in counterterrorism -
sting operations work.

Such operations felled the alleged Fort Dix plotters, helped convict Albany
conspirators of material support for terrorism, foiled the alleged Miami
plotters hoping to attack the Sears Tower in Chicago, undid the man trying to
blow up the Herald Square subway station, and caught a New Jersey merchant who
wanted to sell shoulder-launched missiles to what he thought was a terror group.

Last summer, Canadian authorities detained over a dozen suspects near Toronto,
after some of them took delivery of three tons of explosive nitrates from
undercover Mounties.

Sting operations are a variation on military strategies, the kind effectively
used by the Allies to confuse the Nazis about when and where the invasion of
Europe would occur.

Being loosely networked, the modern terrorist groups have less ability to fend
off well-planned deception. Their best option would be to work only with those
they trust. But as a former member of the FBI-NYPD Joint Terrorism Task Force,
Tom Carrigan, observed in the Sun on Monday, "They may have to reach out to
people they don't necessarily trust, but [for what] they need - for guns,
explosives, whatever."

That is the essential lesson from the JFK plot and others that have been
successfully uncovered: To acquire and deploy dangerous weapons, terrorist
groups have to reach out. The very decentralization and dispersion that makes
them hard to fight also makes them less self-sufficient.

The lesson about sting operations can be extended worldwide. For attacks with
biological weapons - perhaps the greatest threat we face - terrorists have to
obtain certain chemicals and equipment. They have to deal with drug companies
and laboratory suppliers. I can only hope that counterterrorism agencies have
made sure that some suppliers, in say Pakistan or India or Brazil, are under our
control to bait and trap the terrorists.

Let's make sure that of the billions being spent to fight terrorism enough goes
to the method that has had the clearest success record so far - carefully
organized sting operations.

Mr. Sternberg teaches at the University at Buffalo, State University of New
York.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              760 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                            March 26, 2008 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

House price slump in US dashes hope of end to credit crisis

BYLINE: Stephen Foley in New York

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 654 words


Declines in US house prices are continuing to accelerate, according to surveys
that signal there will be no quick end to the credit crisis.

The price of the average home was 11 per cent lower than a year ago, the S&P
Case-Shiller index showed yesterday, as repossessed homes flood the market - and
economists predict that the price adjustment may belittle more than half over.

The Case-Shiller index has become one of the most widely followed measures of
the US economy because American homes are the collateral that supports hundreds
of billions of dollars of mortgage-backed securities and other credit
derivatives.

The latest figures cover house prices in 20 metropolitan areas in January, and
show that price declines have spread far beyond the once-hot speculative
property markets in Florida and the South-west and crumbling industrial towns.
Now, Charlotte, North Carolina, is the sole region showing year-on-year gains.

The year-on-year decline of 10.7 per cent in the average house price is worse
than anything seen in the last downturn in the early Nineties. Prices fell 2.4
per cent in just one month.

"It does not look like early 2008 is marking any turnaround in the housing
market,," said David Blitzer, S&P index committee chairman. "Home prices
continue to fall, decelerate and reach record lows across the nation. No markets
seem to be immune from the housing crisis."

A second measure of the housing market, by the mortgage regulator Ofheo, showed
a 3 per cent year-on-year decline in January. It excludes many pricier homes.

Falling property values are now feeding through into weaker consumer confidence.
The monthly Conference Board survey set a new five-year low in March, the
reading of 64.5 coming in well below Wall Street expectations of 73. It was the
third sharp decline in as many months.

The disappointing data came a day after sales figures for February had raised
hopes that a bottom might be near for the beleaguered housing market. An estate
agents' survey showed a modest increase in activity, suggesting that falling
prices have lured bargain-hunters into the market.

Many economists, though, said the picture will not become clear until the spring
selling season.

Kevin Logan, senior US economist at Dresdner Kleinwort, said he expected house
prices would eventually reset to 2004 levels - about a 20 per cent decline from
their peak in 2006. "The number of sales is still about 20 per cent below their
year-ago levels, and we are still in a down trend. The housing market is in a
slump and it is not coming out of a slump this year."

There are already large numbers of unsold homes and an expected wave of
repossessed properties still to hit the market, Mr Logan added, while mortgage
lenders are demanding bigger deposits and more financial checks on borrowers.
"The background is pretty grim."

His comments were echoed by David Stubbs, senior economist at Rics in London.
"Prices on the Case-Shiller index have at least a further 10 per cent to fall
before they stabilise," he said. "The existing homes sales figures for February
which showed a modest bounce are likely to be reversed in coming months as the
pressure on the US economy intensifies, and the labour market continues to
weaken. Any lasting stabilisation in sales activity appears to be at least six
months in front of us, if not more."

Yesterday's economic data brought a halt to a two-session rally by the Dow Jones
Industrial Average, which closed 0.1 per cent lower at 12,532.6. Asian and
European stock markets - playing catch-up with Wall Street's strong showing late
last Thursday and on Easter Monday - were all higher yesterday.

Wall Street firms have written off more than $120bn (£60bn) of their investments
in mortgage-backed securities and more complex derivatives that include US home
loans, but the ultimate level of their losses will depend on where house prices
settle and on how many borrowers fail to keep up payments.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IA


                      Copyright 2008 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              761 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                             March 27, 2005 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Letters to the Editor

SECTION: SECTION B; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 2364  words


KYOTO Economic fallout ahead Re Evidence compounds to affirm the threat from
global heating, Community Voices by Lee Bidgood, March 12: Lee Bidgood once
again calls on the Bush administration to accept the Kyoto agreement. He states,
Instead of leading international efforts to limit greenhouse gas emissions,
President Bush and his advisers belittle the issue, claiming the Kyoto Protocol
would hurt our economy. He warns that the latest in computer modeling shows that
in 40 to 60 years when atmospheric carbon dioxide may double, the upper range of
global heating is predicted to be 20 degrees F. I contend that even if these
computer models are correct, the Kyoto agreement will do absolutely nothing to
reverse these trends, since the agreement exempts developing countries, which
will emit more greenhouse gases within the next 15 years than the major
industrialized countries. It also may seem odd that environmentalists advocate a
treaty that allows Americans to mine coal in West Virginia but wont allow us to
burn it. For that, we must first ship it to China!

In regard to the economic issue, will Americans find that touted new
technologies will be designed and built in China, shipped to the United States
and installed by Chinese technicians on the smokestacks of our hamburger
outlets, while American workers stand idly by, spatulas in hand? The chemical
industry in the United States has lost 100,000 workers in the past five years.
The reason: high energy costs! Now it seems Mr. Bidgood would like to see these
energy costs rise even higher and accelerate the trend of shipping our jobs
overseas by levying higher taxes on energy in the United States. But what plan
does he have to save us all from unemployment when our jobs go to China? CRAIG
E. YOUNG Port Orange MOTORCYCLES Loud noise has purpose Phil Dyer, in his March
9 letter (Excuses for loud bikes?) suggests that because bikers say motorcycles
must be loud to protect them from traffic, four-wheeled vehicles should discard
their mufflers so other drivers can hear them coming. We dont have to hear cars
coming. We can seethem coming. They are big enough. Motorcycles, on the other
hand, are much smaller than cars and trucks and are often not seen by other
drivers. Hence the loud noise of the motorcycle. We hope that if drivers dont
see us coming, at least they can hear that were coming. LORI McPHERSON Daytona
Beach Silence is a Gold Wing Some say, Silence is golden. Wrong! Silence is a
Gold Wing motorcycle. With so much talk lately about loud pipes on motorcycles,
lets hear some praise for the quiet, smooth sound of the Gold Wing. People who
ride these bikes enjoy the sounds of nature as they cruise so quietly on their
way. Most Wingers have had three or more safety courses and do not have to
depend on loud pipes for protection. The safety training these riders have and
the precise agility of the Gold Wing make a fantastic combination. These
motorcycles are very fast and dependable. Almost all Wing riders wear helmets
and try to be a good example to future riders. So, next time you see a Gold Wing
going down the road, look us over, we are the quietones! BETH HARRIS Palm Coast
EDUCATION Class-size amendment is essential I am a teacher with 27 years of
experience. When I moved to Volusia County six years ago, I was appalled to find
out that my first-grade class would have 31 children. To keep the reading groups
small enough to meet the instructional needs, I could see each child only twice
a week for direct reading instruction. If there were no parent volunteers to
help with the other 20 or more children who were sitting at their places doing
independent work (an oxymoron for first-graders), everyones productivity
suffered. Since the class-size amendment was passed, the difference to my
students and to me is monumental. This year I have 19 children. When I told my
children the other day to imagine two more tables of children in the room, they
were flabbergasted. Even 7-year-olds could see the stupidity of cramming 30 kids
into one room, with one teacher and one bathroom! None of the teachers Ive
spoken to would trade their smaller classes for more money. We are not in this
for the money. We are in the profession because we love to teach and get a lot
of joy out of touching childrens lives. To me, there is nothing more rewarding
than watching a first-grader learn to read. Allowing class size to be based upon
district averages will ultimately increase the number of children in traditional
classrooms. The average teacher/ student ratios shown on paper will not
truthfully reflect the number of children in each classroom. I hope that when
the time comes, the parents, educators and responsible citizens of this state
will speak up for the children and not allow our legislators to call a special
election to repeal the class-size amendment. SUSIE BALDWIN Ormond Beach People
have spoken Re Class-size law heads for Sept. vote, article by Jim Saunders,
March 22: This farce of an election already once held goes against the
constitutional rights we as voters asserted in 2002. The people have spoken just
as they did with regard to high-speed rail. We want it! I have a 10-year-old son
who is fortunate to have only 29 pupils in his class; however, this is not the
norm. All of the money wasted on the FCAT, which my son passed last year and I
am sure will pass this year, should be used to fund the class-size amendment.
The state has had three years to come up with a solution to fund this program.
Yet it wastes time interfering in the personal lives of our residents like Terri
Schiavo. Instead, the executive and legislative branches of this states
government should deal with the matters they were elected to handle: Find ways
and means to implement the wishes of those who elected them into office, and
fund the class-size amendment. This state is part of a democracy Of the people,
by the people, and for the people and is not at the whim of the Bush family and
the Republican majority in the Legislature! At the next election legislators and
other government personnel can and very well may be replaced. ARTHUR L. MACKEY
JR. Port Orange Class-size mandate Our leaders are elected by the constituency.
Our state constitution is amendable. An amendment to it was approved by the
voters in 2002 to restrict class sizes to improve the educational process. That
was not a simple request; it was an order. The people had spoken. Today
government leaders are saying we cannot afford to effect such a program. That is
hogwash. They are acting as if they are holier than thou with other schemes,
such as greatly increasing teachers salaries, etc. At the same time a strong
effort is being made to eliminate the intangibles taxes. A reality of life is
that taxation must be rendered for a desired or mandated service. Proper
education must stand at the top of those services. Let us do whatever is
necessary to fulfill the mandated amendment and quit playing around with
partisan tactics to nullify the amendment. IRV MORRILL Port Orange Crisis by way
of testing I have both taught and been a principal. For six years for the
federal government, I conducted a pilot project called Concerted Services in
Training and Education. I am firmly bonded to public school education. For
several years I have been incensed by the unwarranted attacks on public
education and amazed by the blatant efforts of a number of elected public
officials, some in very high places, who are openly committed to destroying
public education. The test-it, test-it, test- it approach is currently being
employed by certain elected officials to eliminate public-school education.
Preparation for the no-win FCAT (Florida Comprehensive Assessment Test) requires
a prodigious number of school hours that should be dedicated to education.
Precious money is being spent for special classes and extended school hours.
Depressed areas are penalized. There is a scramble for top rating. All of this
culminates in the robotizing of students in a lock-step parade down a very
narrow path. FCAT makes it impossible to maintain focus and perspective; and
gradually, and systematically, it will convert professional educators and their
administrators into trainers. If this is permitted, public education will fail,
and those elected public officials clamoring topublic education can scream for
the privatizing of education. The solemn responsibility of elected public
officials is to provide for the wellness and security of those they represent.
Public education is the No. 1 service among the social services. How is it
possible for certain elected public officials to abnegate their responsibility
for public education and transfer it to the private sector where there is no
responsibility? The private sector in its search for profits would very shortly
outsource our teachers. Public-school education is caught between the FCAT and
the new federal standards, which correlate with nothing. Educators and their
administrators must speak out forcefully to awaken an apathetic public to the
crisis in education. At least 90 percent of the voters should be screaming for
responsible representation. RALPH GILDROY DeLand Cruel to special children My
son is in the third grade for the second time because he did not pass the FCAT.
When he entered third grade the first time, he was very excited. However, his
excitement disappeared quickly when the school, teachers and students became
very involved with FCAT preparations. This, of course, made my son feel very
worried, but he worked very hard. My son, who was diagnosed with Attention
Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder at age 4 1/2, has been on numerous medications to
find the one that works best for him. His difficulties started with speech and
language. Through his own efforts and those of his teachers and family he has
progressed in those areas. He also has reading, math and written-language
difficulties. When in third grade the first time, he was in a regular classroom,
but because he had an IEP (Individual Education Plan), he was pulled out of
class throughout the day to get help in his areas of difficulty. When the FCAT
came around, he was pulled out so he was in a smaller setting and could have
more time on the test. Well, no amount of time in the world is going to benefit
a child who truly cannot achieve at that level. Yes, my son failed the FCAT. He
cried for many days. He started to regress. He called himself a failure. He said
to me, Mom, Im gonna be 13 and still be in third grade. This broke my heart.
Parents want only the best for their children. We say to our kids, As long as
you try your best, that is all we can ask. Well, who has a right to say my
childs best has to be the same as another childs? This year my son is in a
full-time ESE (Exceptional Student Education) classroom. He doesnt get pulled
out of class three to five times a day for special help. He gets that help all
day within his class. On March 15, I had to send my son off to take the FCAT all
over again. Im sure he did his best. Will he pass? If he doesnt, will his worst
nightmare come true, to repeat third grade again? I wonder what will be the
outcome for him and for the many other children like him. JANINE COLEMAN Daytona
Beach SPECIAL EVENTS New image is needed for city Congratulations to The
News-Journal for finally detailing the changes happening in our area (Breaking
the Habit, March 20). Through the years I have written several letters
suggesting that mining dollars from special events was a ridiculous strategy for
a city. It now appears that the majority of the Daytona Beach city commissioners
and our new city manager have their sights set on a strategy that will result in
a positive image. The mayors efforts to encourage special events, but ask for
respect, etc., are not the answer. The area needs industry that will provide
jobs other than bartending and waiting on tables, jobs that provide an income
year-round. It saddens me to read that a worker must have special events in
order to survive. That is ridiculous, but it is an ingrained culture that has
influenced generations in our area. In Appalachia coal miners have worked the
mines for generations. It is sad that in Daytona Beach, our young have worked
the bars and restaurants. When a company relocates, in addition to concerns
about taxes and other expenses, it is looking for a location that is
family-friendly. One has only to look at the photos and articles in our
newspaper during special events to see that at present Daytona Beach is not that
place. An old lady baring her breast, beer-drinking rednecks, coleslaw
wrestling, etc., are repulsive to many people. This is certainly not a place
where a CEO might want to encourage a family to relocate. I certainly hope this
new positive thinking prevails. TOM MAUSER Daytona Beach GAS PRICES Where is
common sense? I cant help but wonder where common sense has gone when it comes
to the rising gasoline prices in this country. Are we so spoiled that we cant
see beyond our faces? We want to complain about the rising cost of oil and
gasoline, but we dont want to give up our SUVs and other gas-guzzling
automobiles. Not too many years ago, our government mandated that motor vehicles
had to meet certain mileage standards. Smaller cars were being seen everywhere,
but what do we see today? Big cars and trucks with a tremendous thirst for
gasoline. One way to help solve this problem is through a simple mathematical
equation: Miles per gallon increased on all vehicles equals less consumption of
our oil and gasoline. Less demand equals a reduction of prices at the pump and
would force the oil- producing nations to lower their prices per barrel. Do we
really want the prices to come down, or do we want to continue driving our big
gas guzzlers and complaining? The oil companies dont care what oil costs. They
just pass the cost on to the consumer. The next time you pay $30 or $40 to fill
your tank (if you can get away that cheaply), think about this: We are the
consumers. We can insist on these changes being made. Contact your government
officials and let them know how you feel. RON FAHNER Ormond Beach

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Caption: Photo 1: Biker rides in Daytona Beach.News-Journal filePhoto
2: Students take many practice tests like this one. News-Journal file

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2005 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2005 News-Journal Corporation


                              762 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 21, 2001 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

One Nation, Still Divided By Closeness of Election;
Across the Country, Bush Garners Protests, Approval

BYLINE: Sue Anne Pressley, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A22

LENGTH: 1142 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE Jan. 20


In places around the country and here in this Florida capital that served as
ground zero during the recent presidential-election dispute, millions of
Americans marked the inauguration of George W. Bush with emotions ranging from
outrage to wholehearted approval.

Some, like those who gathered in protest here, renewed their vow for vengeance
at the polls when the next election rolls around. Others said they would wait
and give the 43rd president a chance to prove himself. In Orange County, Calif.,
Bush supporters were reveling in his speech and preparing for a celebration of
their own.

"I feel that his spirit and message was something very uplifting and cleansing
for the American nation," said Thomas A. Fuentes, chairman of the Orange County
Republican Party. "It struck a perfect tone in light of the nightmare we have
just come through."

Here in Tallahassee, several thousand demonstrators held a pointedly different
view. "We don't need to demean or belittle the new administration," said the
Rev. Joseph Lowery, former president of the Southern Christian Leadership
Conference and current head of the Black Leadership Forum. "They're doing a good
job of that all by themselves. We're here to proclaim that the mean-spirited,
retrogressive forces that run the Republican Party are not now invisible, they
have become visible.

"It's a historic day," Lowery said as the crowd shouted, "Cheated! Cheated!
Cheated!"

Washington may have been the center of inaugural events today, but citizens
across the nation watched avidly as the torch was passed from the Democratic
administration of Bill Clinton to the Republicans and George W. Bush. In a
blustery rain, tourists and New Yorkers crowded in front of two mammoth
television screens in Times Square to hear Bush's inaugural address, some
praising what ended up being a smooth transition, some still grumbling over the
election outcome.

"It's very unfortunate for those who feel the presidency was sort of stolen,"
said James Harris, a visitor from Boston. "That man should have won," he said,
pointing at a shot of Democratic nominee and outgoing Vice President Gore on the
movie theater-sized screen.

Back in Orange County, Republicans were looking forward to an inaugural party
all their own tonight. Although Bush lost to Gore by more than 1 million votes
in California, the new president won Orange County handily. "This is a night of
letting out steam with friends to say, 'By golly, we did win.' The Republicans
are back in the White House," said Fuentes, the county GOP chairman.

But in Chicago, Gore supporter John Loft said he had had enough. Loft, 50, a
social scientist who does contract research for the federal government, spent
the morning in a coffee shop -- with no television set.

"After the whole election, the inauguration is anticlimactic," he said. "I'm
more interested in who Bush appoints for the Cabinet positions."

Here in Tallahassee, however, where the eyes of the world were focused during
the five-week stalemate over who had won Florida's 25 victory-clinching
electoral votes, there was anger and passion aplenty. The largest and most
highly publicized march and rally outside Washington today was staged by a
coalition of labor and civil rights groups, including Jesse L. Jackson's
Rainbow/PUSH Coalition.

Organizers said an estimated 100 busloads of protesters poured in from as far
away as Ohio to express their displeasure in "A Day of Moral Outrage" over a new
president whom speakers repeatedly described as "selected, not elected." Many in
the crowd hoisted signs that said, "The NAACP Says, We Won't Forget," and "We
Were Bush-Whacked." Other placards made digs at President Bush's younger
brother, Florida Gov. Jeb Bush (R), and his chances for a second term: "Pack
Your Bags, Jeb."

"I came out because I've been out to all the rallies for injustice since I've
been old enough to come," said Willie Bussey, 64, a retired longshoreman, who
rode in on one of several buses from his home town, Jacksonville, Fla. "I think
it's my duty to come because we are still very displeased with what happened on
Election Day -- all of those votes should have been counted. The only thing
that's going to solve this thing is if minorities continue to vote like we did,
in masses, in this last election."

The election in Florida was rife with allegations that efforts were made to
discourage minorities from voting by, among other things, having a heavy police
presence at some predominantly black polling places and by wrongfully purging
voters lists. Several civil rights groups already have filed suit against the
governor and other state officials, and the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights is
investigating.

Bussey and others shivering in the brisk wind and 45-degree temperatures cheered
and shouted "Amen" as a series of speakers today, including officials from the
AFL-CIO, the NAACP and the American Federation of State, County, and Municipal
Employees (AFSCME), exhorted them in a rousing, church-revival style, pledging
never to allow a repeat of what some termed "the Florida fiasco."

"We were patting ourselves on the back and saying how we had it made," said
former Atlanta mayor Maynard Jackson. "We had all these fine cars and houses and
jobs and all of this, and all of a sudden, we look up and bam, there's Florida.
Florida was a wake-up call. We got so fat and sassy, we stopped struggling."

Jackson, who had planned to speak at the rally, canceled his appearance after it
was reported last week that he had fathered an out-of-wedlock child with an
employee of his organization, saying he needed to spend more time with his wife
and family. But he was remembered several times with prayers and sympathetic
statements.

"Let us bow our heads for Reverend Jackson as he fights his personal battle as
he has fought battles for us for so many years across America," said Gerald
McEntee, AFSCME president.

McEntee then led the crowd in the "cheated" chant: "Brothers and sisters,
Florida and America were cheated on Nov. 7. We were cheated when African
American voters faced police roadblocks at polling precincts in Florida.
Cheated! Cheated! . . . When registered voters, mostly people of color, were
turned away on Election Day, told that they were dropped from rolls. Cheated!
Cheated!"

But 3,000 miles away, in Southern California, even some formerly staunch Gore
supporters said it was time to set aside the rancorous events of the recent past
and give the new leader a chance to prove himself.

"He's the guy now," said Steve Valentine, 48, a maintenance manager from Granada
Hills, Calif. "We might not like him, but let's help him, so he can help all of
us. Give him a shot."

Staff writers Jeff Adler in California and Christine Haughney in New York and
special correspondent Kari Lydersen in Chicago contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post


                              763 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                June 04, 2000, Sunday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Where is area's baseball passion?

BYLINE: HUBERT MIZELL

SECTION: SPORTS; MIZELL MAILBAG; FANFARE; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 847 words



Twenty years, that's how long I read Hubert Mizell's spirited campaign for
baseball. Emotionally, I was alongside you. Believing that a ballclub, along
with our Bucs and Lightning, would enrich this weird area to full major-league
status.

Now, night after night, I almost cry, seeing the Devil Rays losing and Tropicana
Field occupied by fewer and fewer fans. Hubert, you and I did overestimate Tampa
Bay's passion for baseball.

As a St. Petersburg taxpayer, I was for my city's heavy involvement. I thought
it would bring fun, pride and tremendous national identity. Hasn't happened. St.
Pete gets stiffed. Half the ESPN and CNN announcers still say games are "at
Tampa."

All along, you said we needed a domed stadium. Purists disagree. They belittle
the Trop. No, it's not pretty like the new parks in Baltimore, Denver, Phoenix,
Cleveland and other cities, but this is Florida. When I show up for a Rays game,
weather sizzling outside, I'm thankful to be in air conditioning.

You are right to write that our eventual fate as a baseball town will not be
decided by bridges, domes or romance for the game. It will come down to winning
that develops civic pride and stirs our Tampa Bay ego. When will it begin,
Hubert? I'm hurting.

Katherine Lawson

St. Petersburg

Unfortunately, to get the dome built, the city tried to go cheap. Then, after
the Rays were born, tens of additional millions were invested. If we'd spent $
150-million in the beginning, 2000 would be a happier time, not that it would've
altered on-field results.

I cannot believe any responsible person would send you letters supporting Bob
Knight. He is the worst example to be paraded before the youth of America. His
behavior is not just vile and uncivilized, it is psychotic. The decision to
retain Mr. Knight at Indiana was spineless.

Joanna Dremann

Punta Gorda

Thanks for an in-depth, even-handed report from Bloomington on Bob Knight. It
was more than we got from ESPN and Roy Firestone and Digger Phelps. I want my
Indiana coach to make it. I recognize his many inappropriate actions.

The day after your interview, I heard you on the One-on-One sports talk network.
Knight deserves deep criticism. But he is not Charles Manson. It's okay to call
him a lot of nasty names. But for a national radio host to suggest to you that
Bob is like Fidel Castro, well, that's downright idiocy.

Give the man this ultimate chance. If he flunks, fire him. Rip him. But if the
rest of his Hoosier career is low in travails and high in basketball success, I
want to hear those who have so violently raved against the coach  be fair and
say something positive.

Ben Dent

Clearwater Beach

I've taken my stand. Now we wait.  New judgments should be made, however they
deserve to come out.

I applaud Parade magazine for selecting Tia Miller an All-America basketball
player.  It understands Tia's accomplishments for her whole career, not just a
senior season cut short by injury.

It took a special player to come back from a torn ACL to try and help Boca Ciega
(High School) seek a third state title. Instead of being critical of the
selection, the Tampa Bay community should be proud.

Harry Elifson

Boca Ciega coach, St. Petersburg

Tia Miller has been a gem, but aren't All-America teams supposed to reflect a
single season? If football quarterback Chris Weinke of FSU was terribly unlucky
and wiped out by a September injury, he would surely be expunged from
consideration for all-anything status after the 2000 season. That was the point,
Coach. No matter, your pride is justified and cheered.

Your piece on Charlie Ward was momentous. When he was shooting their eyeballs
out in the final minutes of that Miami (Heat) game, I stood and cheered like a
kid. First time I saw Charlie play for the  Seminoles, I adopted him as my
sports hero. I go back to Jim Thorpe, Red Grange and the Four Horsemen.

Violence, brutality and drug charges among our athletes make me sick. Thanks for
highlighting my hero Charlie Ward, who does it the right way.

Fred Wilkins

New Port Richey

As an FSU mom, took a lot of grief when Charlie Ward was bypassed in the NFL
draft. My UF friend said he would quickly disappear because of his size and
temperament.

It's nice when a really nice guy is recognized. Mother's Day has an extra nice
twist when Charlie played that great game against Miami. We are all tired of
high-profile players, coaches and owners who walk on the wild side. They feel
above the law. It's great there are some Charlie Wards.

Helen S. Brown

St. Petersburg

It wasn't pleasant for me, as a Florida Gator, when Charlie Ward won the Heisman
Trophy and helped the Seminoles win a national championship before my school.
But as a human being, Charlie's ways are something I hugely support.

Dennis Cade

Palm Harbor

Ward might consider, as his highest NBA achievement, convincing Knicks player to
huddle in on-court prayer just before games.

REACH THE MAILBAG

Mizell's Mailbag

St. Petersburg Times

P.O. Box 1121

St. Petersburg, FL 33731

You can also e-mail: mizell@sptimes.com


LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              764 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              October 10, 1996, Thursday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Time for Bucs to cure or cut

BYLINE: HUBERT MIZELL

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 712 words



On Sunday, Dolphins defensive back Gene Atkins made two whopper mistakes,
including being suckered by Seattle receiver Brian Blades on an 80-yard pass
play that beat Miami 22-15. On Monday, Miami head coach Jimmy Johnson fired
Atkins.

Perform, or pack.

I don't know if Johnson has a better safety than Atkins to start this  weekend
against Buffalo. Point was, JJ was unwilling to perpetuate the  performance of a
player prone to crippling mistakes. Moving on, in search of  excellence.

When did the Bucs last begin Monday business by ejecting some marginal  starter
who had notably bumbled in a Tampa Bay loss the previous afternoon?  More
predictably, orange pumpkins make excuses and retain players that a  winning
franchise wouldn't allow through the front gate.

We're somewhat tough on them. We criticize, joke and belittle. But we're  way
overdue to swing a far heavier hammer. So historically crummy are the Bucs  that
expectations are based more on seeking comparatively joyous mediocrity  rather
than a truly relentless pursuit of legitimate excellence.

Most of the Bucs are good, solid fellows. They'd rather be 5-0 than 0-5.  But
these are pros who are paid extremely well to succeed. In the business of
sports entertainment, they are five-star flops.

Bucs are drawing 30,000 per Sunday. On merit, the crowds should be about  300.
They've stunk for years. Look in the mirror, Bucs. The enemy is you.

They've got a new stadium coming, plus a $ 12-million training facility.  Tampa
Bay is ravenous for a product that's worth expensive tickets. We should  be
fiercely angry if the 0-5 Bucs show any sign of writing off 1996 as just
another rancid season.

Between now and September, they should make every sensible move, spend  every
useful dollar and establish new self-demands. Going not for the  comparative
glee of some 8-8 season, but stomping on the gas in pursuit of  becoming a 14-2
Super Bowl favorite.

Hours after Hillsborough County approved a new ballpark, McKay said the  Bucs,
after a long stretch as chintzy NFL paupers, would now have financial  resources
to compete with Dallas, San Francisco, Green Bay, Miami or any  heavyweight.

McKay has some understanding coming. I disagree with media polls that slug  him
while semi-excusing ownership past and present. But the verb on McKay is  past
tense. He was due some tolerance. No more.

Over the next 10 months, McKay should make or break himself as GM. Malcolm,
Bryan and Joel Glazer obligated significant money to sign Alvin Harper and
retain some veterans. That's not enough. Not even close.

When you've got the NFL's 28th-ranked rushing offense, you find a way to  get
Errict Rhett into uniform. Niners would. Dolphins would. Winners do. Who  cares
who's really at fault in the Rhett caper? Concern is, the Bucs are not  working
hard enough at making themselves less odious.

Instead of gauging free-agent pursuits by the cheap, laughable methods of  the
past, the Bucs should now compare their talent-amassing methods with those  of
Miami's JJ and Dallas' JJ (Jerry Jones).

They need to bring in two or three high-quality offensive line prospects.  Not a
bunch of budget bozos. Mayberry, Paul Gruber and Ian Beckles are Tampa  Bay's
three best OL studs. When they're the three worst starters, then the  Bucs will
be on a better course.

Tampa Bay allowed an acceptable 1995 corps of Bucs pass receivers to
disintegrate. If the Bucs are ever to be non-losers, they need a couple of
dynamic receivers, producers who are as good as Harper thinks he is.

Okay, Dilfer    We know NFL quarterbacks seldom become superior before a  fourth
or fifth season. But the Bucs coaches, management and even us media  mouths are
being too soft on Dilfer.

We don't need to again be told how hard Trent has worked. How much he's
studied. Dilfer's stats keep digging new gutters. He has not thrown a TD pass
in 19 of 23 starts. Sure, his OL could be better. But when Trent gets a hot
opportunity he consistently underachieves.

Show us some sweet bottom lines, Bucs. Some real hope. Some wins. Something  to
feed Tampa Bay's community pride. Something to sell tickets in that fancy  new
stadium.

Otherwise, sharpen the Monday knife.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1996 Times Publishing Company


                              765 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                October 22, 1989, Sunday, SUNDAY SECOND EDITION

Low 'quake toll vindicates new building methods

BYLINE: By Jack Miller Toronto Star

SECTION: INSIGHT; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 725 words


   It was a bad earthquake that hit the San Francisco neighborhood - not a
monster, but bad. Yet except for the disastrous fall of one Oakland elevated
highway, which had been built on outmoded principles and never upgraded, the
death toll would have been fewer than 20.

When 272 people die in one swoop, as happened this week, you don't belittle it.
But this was in a part of the U.S. with more than 5 million people available to
be victims. And just last year, a quake of almost identical power wiped out
25,000 in Armenia.

So one of the rare pieces of good news to come out of Tuesday's calamity was
that it left modern construction theories and methods looking good. The
difference in the tolls between this event and Armenia tells why.

Scientists and engineers have invented lots of tricks to keep us alive when the
Earth goes wild. In a tour of the University of California's Earthquake
Engineering Research Centre (the world's biggest of its kind), at Berkeley
earlier this year, director Vitelmo Berteri showed us a few.

One that sounded almost funny, at first glance, was jacking up high-rise
buildings and splicing in huge rubber blocks between the vertical columns that
support them and the foundation.

It's called base isolation. Then if the ground wiggles from side to side in an
earthquake, the rubber blocks can squeegee back and forth and the building above
can stay almost still.

The less the building whips, the less likely it is to break. This can be added
to old buildings, with a trench being dug around the structure, leaving air
space for movement between the Earth and the basement side walls.

This almost bizarre idea does work, Berteri said, and it's not even new. The
British put London buildings on rubber blocks 100 years ago, he explained, to
keep them from shaking when trains of the new subway went rumbling past below.

The British experience showed natural rubber can last 100 years in this job. The
California work showed man-made materials such as neoprene are not as good.

He showed machines twisting huge rubber blocks sideways, to see just how much
they would take.

Another device his centre developed is a triangular brace that can be inserted
into the sidewalls in existing buildings, to keep walls pretty well at right
angles to the floors below and above them. Again, the less a building whips like
a casting rod when shaken at its base, the better chance it has of staying in
one piece.

Other tricks include putting metal sheaths or coils around the vertical
reinforced concrete columns that hold up so many buildings and bridges. In an
earthquake, the concrete in those columns can be shattered into gravel, letting
it fall away from around the steel rods inside the columns.

If that happens, the weight of the floor or bridges above falls onto the
suddenly exposed ends of the spindly steel reinforcing rods. Those rods are not
meant to stand alone, and they can bend and collapse like spaghetti under such a
load, letting the bridge or building fall. It happens a lot.

Yet if a good sheath is wrapped around the column, the concrete-gravel is held
in place around the rods. The rods have no open space, so they can't bend
wildly, so they stay standing up straight, and they hold up the building. This
has been proved at both Berkeley and the University of Toronto.

Better still, concrete columns holding up lots of San Francisco high-rises have
had such sheaths added in the past few years. And at last word, none collapsed
last week.

Of course, there's a limit to what human beings can do against an angry Earth. A
whopper of a quake right underfoot will drop just about anything we can build.
And folks worry about construction on spongy landfill soil along Oakland's
bayfront. Relatively loose-packed land like that can fall apart into billions of
particles, like sand, in a big quake.

And if there's water nearby - San Francisco Bay, in this case - that water can
rush in between the particles and in a flash, what was solid ground becomes
virtually quicksand.

The only sure way to avoid this soil liquefaction threat is not to build there.
Oakland and lots of other cities in earthquake country have ignored that. So if
some of their addresses disappear into the mud someday, they asked for it. You
can win at this game, but you have to use your head.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Star chart (Westover): architectural additions to prevent earthquake
damage in high-rises

                  Copyright 1989 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              766 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   February 21, 1989, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Former goon making it as an NHL ref

BYLINE: By Jim Proudfoot Toronto Star

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. F1

LENGTH: 753 words


   Former goon making it as NHL referee

"You know something?" Wayne Gretzky muttered to Paul Stewart, the referee.
"You're a joke."

Stewart, a new zebra on the National Hockey League staff, delayed his faceoff.

"You're the greatest hockey player in the world, Wayne, and I really admire
you," Stewart told No. 99. "I would never belittle you as a human being and I
don't understand why you're doing it to me."

"Aw, you're right," Gretzky responded. "I'm sorry."

"Besides," Stewart added, "anybody who'd name his first child (Paulina) after me
has got to be okay. But don't expect any favors."

The life of a young official, Stewart has found, is a constant battle for
respect. The players will test him and the results of these experiments will be
the key to his success or failure. With that in mind, Stewart felt he had to
expel Mario Lemieux from a game in Pittsburgh this winter.

"He really got on my case," Stewart explained before a recent Maple Leaf Gardens
assignment. "He reminded me that all those people in the seats had come out to
see him play and not to watch me call penalties. 'Isn't that amazing,' I said,
but actually it kind of annoyed me. Then he really crossed over the line, went
too far and so I told him not to use up all the hot water showering."

All over him again

Lemieux was all over Stewart again the other night when the Penguins were
getting thumped in Buffalo.

"He told me I was still trying to be the whole show and I said he must be
kidding me, blaming the referee in a 5-1 loss," Stewart recalled. "He was
pushing it but I felt I had established something the other time and now I
wasn't going to give him the satisfaction of knowing he'd got me upset."

Stewart is the grandson of Bill Stewart, who'd been an NHL referee before
coaching the Chicago Blackhawks to the Stanley Cup championship in 1938. He
returned to officiating hockey games afterwards and also worked as an umpire in
baseball's National League.

Now 34, Paul Stewart wears a gold watch fob he inherited, a memento of that 1938
triumph. He's terribly proud of his heritage. As a young man, though, he
demonstrated no flair whatever for law enforcement. He was among the worst goons
infesting the World Hockey Association, the scourge of all the referees and
linesmen.

"There are a lot of guys around the NHL who played against me then," said
Stewart. "They holler, 'Hey, Stewart, you used to do that.' I tell them that's
how come I know it's against the rules."

For a while, after retirement, Stewart tried what you might call a normal job.
He detested it.

"There was sort of an alarm clock inside me that went off on Labor Day, saying
it was time for hockey," Stewart recounted. "I missed the life, the action, the
involvement. Refereeing was the perfect solution. I was a player who gave an
honest effort. What I had was what the coach got. I figured if I did the same as
a referee, I'd make it.

"Acceptance is the thing, see. Respect. If the players make up their minds
they're against you, you're dead. I think I understand them, where they're
coming from. I mean I've been there, right? I was one of the worst. My bosses
tell me I'm too soft with them, too ready to give them the benefit of the doubt.
I'll know that, though. If the players figure they can take advantage of me,
I'll know. So far, that hasn't happened. I think I'm being accepted."

Tries to avoid penalties

Stewart admitted that he often tries to avoid imposing penalties - apart from
the obvious ones, that is.

"A guy will be really upset and call me something pretty awful," Stewart said,
to provide an illustration. "I'll say I thought he'd said something but I didn't
quite hear it so could he please repeat it? By then, the kid may have had second
thoughts. So he'll appreciate getting a bit of a break and maybe think better of
me. But if he doesn't get the message, he's in trouble with me. I won't make the
same mistake twice.

"I'll say, 'Holy smoke, watch that holding - this is hockey, not wrestling.' Or
like, 'Careful with the lumber there because you're pushing your luck.' Well,
some players are smart enough to pick up on a warning like that and govern
themselves accordingly. It's the ones who don't get the point who make life
difficult - for me and for themselves. Some people never learn. Some people you
just can't help."

It's an amazing story, though, as if John Dillinger had become chief of police
and was fighting crime effectively and the gangsters liked his work.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CP photo Paul Stewart with referee jersey

                  Copyright 1989 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              767 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 25, 1988, Monday, Late City Final Edition
                              Correction Appended

Mystery of Fouled Beaches: Clues, but No 'Smoking Gun'

BYLINE: This article is based on reporting by Ralph Blumenthal, Philip S. Gutis
and Sam Howe Verhovek and was written by Mr. Blumenthal

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 2761 words


It began, unnoticed, on the crystalline morning of Sunday, July 3: Sometime
around 10:30, the wind imperceptibly turned, blowing in from the southwest,
targeting the beaches of Long Island.

Three days later, horrified noontime bathers along a six-mile swath of sandy
shoreline from Point Lookout to Long Beach were wading through slicks of trash,
including vials of encrusted blood and needle-tipped syringes. Amid the hysteria
of the blood-borne AIDS epidemic, the finds set off a rush of closings of
seafront parks along New York's vast underbelly and triggered one of the most
sweeping environmental investigations ever in the region, involving Federal,
state and local authorities.

As of this weekend, with close to 2,000 syringes, vials and other pieces of
medical waste plucked from the shores among tons of other debris, investigators
say they have narrowed the search for culprits. But they caution that the
mystery may be too complex to ever be fully solved.

Illegal Dumping Suspected

With the washups now abating, some officials say clues indicate that some vials
and needles were illegally dumped at sea by at least one medical laboratory or
clinic - rather than by a hospital or its waste hauler, as first suspected - and
were blown ashore, particularly onto Staten Island's Midland and South Beaches,
by the oddly persistent southerly winds.

''We are looking at some medical facilities and fly-by-night clinics that have
presented problems in the past,'' said Marlene Gold, the Sanitation Department's
Deputy Commissioner for Legal Affairs, who supervises an environmental detective
unit of 13 agents and five lawyers involved in the investigations.

''We would love to pin it on somebody,'' said William J. Muszynski, deputy
regional administrator of the Federal Environmental Protection Agency. ''I'd
hate to be the individual we would catch.''

But at the same time, he and other officials have voiced skepticism that the
puzzle has a single solution: They say much of the suspicious debris may have
been flushed out of the New York City sewer system during the recent heavy
rains, fallen into the water during trash loading operations or been tossed
overboard from boats.

''Our conclusion at this preliminary stage is that there is no single 'smoking
gun' source for the debris,'' Thomas C. Jorling, the state's Commissioner of
Environmental Conservation, announced Friday, citing what he called ''a
multiplicity of sources of the material washed up on our beaches.''

Hardest hit, perhaps because of wind and tidal factors, have been the beaches of
Staten Island. Many Long Island beaches have also been intermittently closed
because of debris. And shores as far away as Rhode Island and Massachusetts have
also been affected. Yesterday, two beaches in Greenwich, Conn., Byram and Island
beaches, were closed because of medical waste.

While highlighting the immediate problem of beach safety, the crisis has brought
into focus broader problems of flagrant illegal dumping and handling of waste,
and of the difficulty of catching violators. It has also focused attention on
the explosive growth in potentially infectious medical waste.

At the same time, it has exposed rivalries and a lack of coordination among the
agencies charged with policing anti-pollution laws in the region. Early on,
representatives of 13 Federal, state and local agencies met to try to coordinate
their inquiries. But even afterward, investigators complained that they had not
received full accounts from their colleagues.

As with previous foulings of the area's beaches, particularly last year's
largely unresolved pollution of the New Jersey coastline, the search for sources
has been complicated by unknowns and variables surrounding the movements of
winds, currents and tides.

''It's like finding a ball at the bottom of the hill and there are 30 houses on
the hill,'' said Lieut. Cmdr. Lawrence M. Brooks, port safety officer to the
Coast Guard's Captain of the Port. ''It could have come from any of them.''

Tracing of Debris Proves Difficult

Some of the debris is potentially traceable. Some vials, for example, carried
the brand name Monoject and in some cases legible lot numbers. But tracing them
is arduous because the manufacturer, a subsidiary of American Home Products
Corporation, makes millions of vials a year.

As for the needles, most have been identified as the narrow-gauge,
cubic-centimeter types used by heroin addicts and diabetics rather than the
larger ones used by hospitals to draw blood. But some of the larger ones have
also been found.

Several prescription bottles with legible names have also been traced. But they
appear to have been innocently discarded at sea or in the household trash. A
visitor's pass from Manhattan's Hospital for Special Surgery was also found, but
nothing linked it to improper dumping.

Even the relatively few items of hospital-type waste - catheter tubes, a face
mask, swabs, a wrist identification band, a white sheet and surgical gut, all
found at Jones Beach - could easily have come from labs, clinics or trash
deposits, rather than from any one hospital.

But while Mr. Jorling expressed doubt that any single ''smoking gun'' source
existed, the city's Sanitation Commissioner, Brendan Sexton, was more optimistic
that at least one major culprit could be found.

That the glass vials turned up unbroken and with blood residue often intact
suggested, Mr. Sexton said, that they did not wash through the sewer system, as
others have suggested, but were instead dumped directly in the water.

In addition, he said, no vials were found packaged in the plastic waste bags
used by trash haulers, suggesting that the vials that were found had been
disposed of directly by a lab or clinic.

''It was clearly an act of will,'' Mr. Sexton said of the dumping of some of the
vials and needles, found in most profusion on Staten Island.

Investigators said they were studying some of 22 labs in New York State that
were suspended from Medicaid reimbursement this month after an undercover
investigation by the state's Medicaid Fraud Control Unit and Department of
Social Services.

According to one official memo on the Medicaid inquiry, the labs set up mobile
blood-donating centers, typically paying drug addicts $5 to $10 for blood. The
samples were taken to the labs, where expensive tests were performed, doctors'
names fabricated and bills submitted for Medicaid reimbursement for $250.

The memo concluded: ''There may be a link between the recent medical washup
incidents and the fact that the blood collected by the unlicensed mobile
facilities are of no value to the labs as of two weeks ago.''

Spokesmen for the Social Services Department and the Medicaid fraud unit said
they could not discuss their investigation. Rene Cassagne, coordinator in the
New York office of the Inspector General of the Federal Department of Health and
Human Services, confirmed that his office was participating in an investigation
of the 22 labs but would not disclose any details.

At the same time, John Hagerty, a spokesman for the New Jersey Division of
Criminal Justice, said last week that agents served search warrants July 15 on
an office of Central Diagnostic Laboratories in Perth Amboy as part of what he
would describe only as a continuing criminal investigation.

Investigators in New York familiar with the New Jersey inquiry said that it
involved the improper disposal of medical vials and that both states were
examining a possible tie to the New York labs and the beach waste.

Lab employees refused Friday to discuss the search warrant or provide
information on company operations.

Although fears of AIDS and hepatitis prompted quick closings of beaches where
debris was found, experts say the viruses are extremely unlikely to survive long
periods of exposure to water and do not represent serious threats to bathers.
But concern remains that beachgoers could expose themselves to tetanus or other
perils by puncturing their skin with stray needles.

Refuse floating in the waters around New York is not a new occurrence. Consider,
for example, the following ruminations, published in the October 1895 issue of
Metropolitan magazine, a popular society publication:

''For many years bathers at all the resorts within one hundred miles of New York
were wont, while paddling outside of the ropes, to come into violent contact
with a watermelon rind, or perhaps, worse, to bunk noses with the refuse end of
a cucumber, both of which had more than served their usefulness in New York.''

What has changed is the nature of the debris floating onto the region's beaches.
Today, the occasional watermelon rind is overwhelmed by floatable plastic trash,
which stays in the waters much longer than any natural refuse would.

Trash Falls Into Water From Transfer Barges

At Cedar Beach in Babylon, L.I., for example, the scum line - the area of fouled
beachfront left after high tides - normally stretches for 2 feet. But during the
most recent washups, the scum line, littered with plastics and other debris,
extended for 20. Tangled in the grasses the other day were dozens of Mylar
balloons, tiny, empty crack vials, tampon applicators, condoms, an empty propane
torch container, a bottle of lice control spray, a bottle of Joy dishwashing
liquid and numerous pieces of plastic tubing.

''Almost any day you fly over the area,'' said Randy J. Braun, a scientist with
the Federal Environmental Protection Agency, ''you'll see enormous amounts of
floating debris.''

During a recent helicopter flight over Staten Island and New York harbor, Mr.
Braun - who last year conducted a three-month study of floating debris in the
harbor - pointed to a number of growing garbage slicks composed, he said, of
plastic.

One slick, hundreds of yards square, looked like an enormous, multicolored
amoeba, slinking out to sea. ''That looks like a piece of a small plastic
child's beach chair,'' Mr. Braun said, pointing down 150 feet to an item
floating amid the straws, cups and bottles.

''If you went out and swept up the streets, that's what you would find,'' he
said. ''It is quite possible all of this will wash up on our beaches - or none
of it will.''

The E.P.A. has targeted the Fresh Kills landfill, New York City's main dump
site, on Staten Island as a source of the ''dispersed floatables.'' To get trash
to the landfill, the city uses marine transfer stations, where garbage trucks
dump their loads into barges, which then travel to Staten Island. In a high
wind, a ton or more of trash can be blown off a barge, but officials say more
trash is actually dumped into the waters as cranes take the debris off barges
and put it on land.

Larger contributors to the slicks, however, are the combined sewer systems in
New York City and New Jersey, where sewage and rainwater runoff travel through
the same pipes, according to the E.P.A.

''During big rainstorms,'' the E.P.A. said, ''these municipal systems are often
overloaded and have to divert some stormwater runoff directly into the waterways
of the Harbor complex.'' In fact, raw sewage is dumped directly from 400
outfalls around New York City nearly every time it rains.

In New York City, the Department of Environmental Protection estimates that
nearly 62.8 billion gallons of untreated sewage - more than 10 percent of the
total sewage coursing through the city's pipes - overflows into the waterways
each year. New Jersey municipalities, the department said, dump 41.2 billion
gallons each year, while Long Island and Westchester are responsible for 3.6
billion gallons more.

When combined with millions of gallons of rainwater, the untreated waste is
highly watered down and is believed to present little health hazard,
environmental officials said. But it does wash hundreds of thousands - if not
millions - of pieces of garbage into the water.

And the garbage, officials say, includes a variety of noxious debris, including
needles and other medical waste.

While New York City hospitals use 100 million to 150 million syringes a year,
that is probably fewer than half of all the syringes in use.

There are no special rules governing the disposal of syringes by home users,
such as diabetics, and others who generate small amounts; in addition, there is
nobody to police the disposal of syringes by intravenous drug users, who are
estimated to number up to 250,000 in New York City.

The law on medical waste disposal is in flux. There are no specific Federal
regulations for disposal of hazardous medical waste, but a New York statute
forbids anyone from endangering public health by releasing a hazardous
substance. More than a year ago, the state's health and environmental
conservation departments were ordered to adopt new regulations relating the
statute to medical waste, but these regulations have yet to be promulgated.

New York City has its own local law forbidding generators of hazardous waste
from sending such material into the city's sanitation waste stream. A pending
revision would require the high-temperature incineration of all hospital waste,
not just potentially infectious, or so-called red-bag, waste.

Infectious Waste on Rise, As Is Disposal Cost

When waste needles began to proliferate is not clear. Some lifeguards in the
city and on Long Island said they had often seen needles but had never made an
issue of them until news reports highlighted the story this month.

Others said they never noticed a needle on the beach until this summer.
Certainly, there have never been quantities like those harvested on Staten
Island's eastern shores this month - at least 700, with more found each day.

Although the winds and currents are seen as factors, it is this concentration
that points some officials toward the likelihood of an illegal dump.

Giving credence to this suspicion are the hundreds of recent cases of illegal
disposal of medical and other regulated and hazardous wastes throughout the
region. In recent days, city investigators say they have caught several doctors
trying to dispose of used syringes and other potentially infectious waste in
their regular trash.

Since 1985, the Sanitation Department alone has won 178 of the 194 cases of
illegal dumping it has brought against hospitals, clinics, doctors, haulers and
others, with fines of $700,000.

In one of the worst incidents, the New York Attorney General charged a
Pennsylvania hauler, Dennis Kelly of BioHazard Control Corporation, with false
filings in connection with 5,000 bags of medical waste collected from New York
Hospital, Calvary Hospital and Kings County Hospital Center and stored for up to
four years in a Cortlandt, N.Y., warehouse. Investigators said they had to
smoke-bomb the premises to kill clouds of flies before they could even approach
the reeking bags. Mr. Kelly is currently serving a three-year prison sentence on
other charges.

With wider definitions of red-bag waste, as well as growing numbers of AIDS
patients, the amount of potentially infectious waste has nearly doubled in the
last few years, said John Charres, associate director for facilities management
of the city's Health and Hospitals Corporation, which operates municipal
hospitals.

New York City hospitals alone generate more than 42 million pounds of red-bag
waste a year, according to a 1987 state survey. That is about 25 percent of all
hospital waste.

And just as the amount of red-bag waste is growing, so is the cost of getting
rid of it - a potential temptation, officials say, to illegal dumping.

Since few New York hospitals or clinics have their own special incinerators,
they typically contract with licensed haulers to take the trash away to
incinerators as far away as Canada and South Carolina. This can cost up to
$1,600 a ton, or about 10 times the cost of disposing of non-infectious waste.

While hospitals and labs say they follow strict procedures in collecting and
storing the red-bag waste, most said it was almost impossible to prevent some of
it from being thrown out with regular trash, or to track the waste once it
leaves their property.

Politicians have called for tightened tracking systems, stiffer sanctions and
uniform regional regulations to deter further abuses, but the outlook to many
experts pondering the waste crisis remains bleak.

''Weeks from now, this may be a distant, hazy memory,'' said Edwin Eaton, the
City Manager of Long Beach, L.I.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: July 26, 1988, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

CORRECTION:
Because of a computer transmission error, an article yesterday about medical
waste on New York's beaches omitted part of a quotation.

The quotation, from Edwin Eaton, the city manager of Long Beach, L.I., should
have read: ''Weeks from now, this may be distant hazy memory.

But that doesn't mean we should belittle the problem. We react to crisis
situations, but I fear that one of these days there is going to be a crisis that
we are not going to be able to react to.''

GRAPHIC: Photos of John Kelly (NYT/Don Hogan Charles); a garbage slick floating
in N.Y. Harbor (NYT/Chester Higgins Jr.); map of N.Y. & N.J. showing location of
beaches (NYT) (all on pg. B4)

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              768 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  October 9, 1990, TUESDAY, THREE STAR Edition

2ND SHOT FOR BOSTON'S BIG-GAME HUNTER

BYLINE: Dan O'Neill Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 1080 words


OAKLAND, Calif. - Mike Boddicker has acquired respect as a big-game pitcher over
the years. He embellished the reputation by pitching the Boston Red Sox to an
American League East title-clinching victory over the Chicago White Sox on the
last day of the season.  But the big game Boddicker remembers most is the one
that gobbled him up.  Game 3 of the 1988 AL Championship Series still haunts
him. The Red Sox came to Oakland down 0-2 in games. They handed the ball to
their big-game hunter and loaded him up with a 5-0 lead.  But Boddicker
flinched. He lasted only 2 2/3 innings. He allowed six runs on eight hits and
faded into the playoff brush. The Red Sox burned and crashed in a four-game
sweep by the Athletics.  Now, eerily, Boddicker finds himself in the same
situation. He will start for Boston in Game 3 of the ALCS at 2 p.m. today. His
team is down 0-2 and desperately needs a victory. Boddicker can either chase
away the skeletons of 1988 or relive the nightmare.  ''That's something I've
thought about recently,'' Boddicker said, ''especially when writers bring it up.
I didn't have it that day. I had nightmares that winter about it. But yes, I'd
like to make up for that.  ''I want to go out there like I normally do and give
us a chance to stay in the game.'' If the first two games are an indication,
Boddicker will have to do more. The respective starters in games 1 and 2, Roger
Clemens and Dana Kiecker, kept the Red Sox close. They combined to pitch 11 2/3
innings and allowed only one run. Clemens left Game 1 with a 1-0 lead in the
seventh, and Kiecker left Game 2 tied 1-1 after 5 2/3 innings.  But after their
departures, the A's scored 12 runs in 6 1/3 innings against the Boston bullpen.
Red Sox manager Joe Morgan prefers to compliment the Athletics rather than
belittle his bullpen.  ''You have to give our guys credit,'' Morgan said. ''They
got their hits and they all count, but we stayed away from their power.'' Still,
the performance of the relievers seems to put even more pressure on Boddicker.
In the past, he has showed he can handle it. In 1983, he won two postseason
starts to help the Baltimore Orioles win a World Series championship. He did not
allow a run in 18 innings.  This season, he reeled off 10 consecutive victories
at one point and finished 17-8 with a 3.36 earned-run average. The record was
his best since he was 20-11 for the Orioles in 1984.  In August and September,
Boddicker had a 2.08 ERA and won his last six games. He averaged nearly seven
innings per start.  Boddicker is the perfect complement to the hard-throwing
Clemens. Clemens blows batters apart with his fastball and slider; Boddicker
dissects them with off-speed curves.  The A's know what they're up against.
''He's a professional pitcher,' Oakland manager Tony La Russa said. ''He changes
speeds, changes angles, changes location, changes pitches. He's very tough.''
And 1988 notwithstanding, Boddicker loves the big game.  ''I like pitching in
big games,'' he said. ''I like pitching because when I'm on the mound, I'm
relaxed. I would be more nervous in a big game if I was sitting in the dugout
watching someone else.'' With Boddicker on the mound, the Red Sox appear to have
a slight edge in Game 3. The Athletics will counter with Mike Moore, a
once-distinguished righthander who has had an undistinguished season. Moore was
13-15 with a 4.65 ERA.  ''I think definitely that the ability is there,'' Moore
said. ''This year is hard to explain. I can just summarize it by saying I had a
bad year.  Things fell into place last year.  ''I'll do some things differently
next year. What exactly those things are remains to be seen.'' Some speculated
that Scott Sanderson (17-11) might get the start over Moore.  ''That's not my
decision,'' Moore said. ''I know Scott had a better year than I have had. But my
job is to go out, take the ball and help the team win.''

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; Photo ... Mike Boddicker ... Red Sox pitcher

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              769 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 10, 1990, Sunday, Final Edition

Credits Where Credit Is Due

BYLINE: Aaron Latham

SECTION: BOOK WORLD; PAGE X4

LENGTH: 1094 words


WRITERS IN HOLLYWOOD

1915-1951

By Ian Hamilton

Harper & Row. 326 pp. $ 25

THE MEN and women who write the movies have grown accustomed to being upstaged
in the movie capital, but who would expect them to be upstaged in a volume
called Writers in Hollywood? It seems the ultimate snub: Screenwriters don't
even get any respect in a book about screenwriters.

The real stars of Writers are the legendary studio heads. Irving Thalberg of
MGM. Louis Mayer, also of MGM. Harry Cohn of Columbia. Jack Warner of Warner
Brothers. And Darryl Zanuck of 20th-Century Fox. All of whom have already had
whole books written about them.

The co-stars in this book are the famous directors: D.W. Griffith, Frank Capra,
Fritz Lang, Howard Hawks, William Wyler and John Ford.

The supporting players are the writers -- most with nothing more than bit parts.

Ian Hamilton (author of biographies of Robert Lowell and J.D. Salinger) has the
annoying habit of attaching directors' names to movie titles. He refers to "John
Ford's 'The Informer' " -- even though Dudley Nichols wrote it. He writes of
"Howard Hawks's 'Sergeant York' " -- even though writer Howard Koch gave it its
political punch. In discussing "The Best Years of Our Lives," he even mentions
director "William Wyler and HIS writer, Robert Sherwood." (The capital letters
are mine.) So not only do the movies belong to the directors, but the writers do
too. One might expect this kind of talk in other Hollywood books, but this is
supposed to be a book about screenwriters.

The "screenwriters" who get the biggest parts in this book are actually authors
who just passed through Hollywood. Once again, we are given a synopsis of how F.
Scott Fitzgerald battled producers and the bottle in Hollywood. Once more, we
glimpse William Faulkner drinking his way through drafts of screenplays for "The
Big Sleep" and "To Have and Have Not." We also meet Nathanael West, Bertolt
Brecht and Aldous Huxley -- none of whom is remembered for his movie writing.
The only full-time Hollywood screenwriters who get what might be called speaking
parts are the writer-directors -- the so-called "hyphens." For example, Hamilton
reviews the career of writer-director Preston Sturges, who made such films as
"Christmas in July," "The Lady Eve," "The Palm Beach Story" and "Sullivan's
Travels." Hamilton likes Sturges because "there is always a touch of film
criticism in his films, a showing how it should be done." But he eventually
dismisses him as a director who always "falters in the end." I would suggest
that Preston Sturges's worst movie is better than this book, which falters from
page to page.

The only screenwriter who is just a screenwriter who receives serious attention
is Dudley Nichols, who wrote not only "The Informer" but also "Stagecoach."
Hamilton calls Nichols "Hollywood's most earnestly respected screenwriter,"
which is meant to be a hollow compliment. The author suggests that the
screenwriter owed much of his success to John Ford -- his favorite director --
who did a lot of "hacking away" at his scripts.

Supposedly Ford once threw the only copy of a Nichols screenplay over the side
of a yacht at sea because it was too long. Nichols went back and rewrote it
shorter.

"In stories like these," Hamilton writes, "Nichols is presented as a rather
craven yesman, a minor functionary in the Ford wagon train, and there surely was
a sense in which he was suited for that role . . ."

Perhaps -- but I prefer to go on respecting Dudley Nichols and throw this book
overboard. HAMILTON WANTS to have it both ways: He belittles famous novelists
for failing in Hollywood. But he also belittles successful screenwriters for
being shallow and pliable enough to make it in movie land.

Hamilton never pauses to ask himself why some writers do well in Hollywood and
others don't. He does notice that a lot of journalists have found happy homes in
Hollywood, but he never wonders if something about journalism might possibly
prepare writers for screenwriting. He seems to believe that all the ex-newspaper
reporters in Hollywood -- Ben Hecht, Charles MacArthur, Herman Mankiewicz,
Dudley Nichols and so on -- are just a coincidence.

But actually journalism and screenwriting have a lot in common. Honest reporters
only write what they see and hear. In other words, journalists don't read minds.
Likewise, screenwriters only write what the camera can see and the microphone
can hear. In other words, movie writers can't write camera instructions such as
the following: CUT TO -- INTERIOR -- JOE'S MIND. So journalists who go to
Hollywood have had a lot of practice doing just the kind of writing they need to
do in Hollywood. No wonder many do it well.

But novel writing is obviously a lot different from screenwriting. Novelists do
read minds. Novelists do tell us what their characters are thinking. Novelists
do cover a lot more than the visible and audible world. So no wonder their craft
-- their art -- is not always readily translatable into screenwriting. The
bottle was not necessarily all that defeated Faulkner and Fitzgerald in
Hollywood.

Insight into what makes a screenwriter is not all that is missing from Writers
in Hollywood. There is also no new research. The author carefully footnotes all
his facts, which all come out of other books and articles. This volume about
Hollywood, which is after all a fabulous place, was written in the library.

There is no new point of view -- in fact, no point of view at all. Hamilton
describes a government agency set up to advise Hollywood during World War II as
follows: "The reviewers had no particular love of the movies, nor any real taste
for 'entertainment,' and were on the whole grindingly humorless in their
appraisals." I would say the same of Hamilton himself.

This book is simply a rearrangement of all the old Hollywood anecdotes.

One old anecdote -- which Hamilton chooses not to tell -- comes to mind. It is
the one about the time Herman Mankiewicz, who wrote "Citizen Kane," got drunk
and threw up at a fancy Hollywood dinner party.

"Don't worry," Mankiewicz told his distressed hostess, "the white wine came up
with the fish."

The problem with Ian Hamilton's book is the order in which things come up. The
studio bosses come up first. Then come the directors. Then come the
writer-directors. And the Just Plain Writers keep coming up last in this book
that is supposed to be about writers in Hollywood.

Aaron Latham is the author of "Crazy Sundays: F. Scott Fitzgerald in Hollywood"
and the screenplay for "Urban Cowboy."


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, F. SCOTT FITZGERALD.

TYPE: REVIEW

                       Copyright 1990 The Washington Post


                              770 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            Library Journal Reviews

                                February 1, 2017

Scherzo Diabolico

BYLINE: Douglas Rednour

SECTION: REVIEWS; Fiction;  Vol. 142 No. 1

LENGTH: 201 words


Scherzo Diabolico. color. 91+ min. In Spanish w/English subtitles. Adrián García
Bogliano, dist. by Dark Sky Films, www.darkskyfilms.com. 2016. DVD UPC
030306823898. $24.98. THRILLER/HORROR

Aram's (Francisco Barreiro) life has become anathema to him. His wife belittles
him, his supervisor takes advantage of his hard work, and his dream of being a
musician died long ago. Deciding to take charge, he kidnaps his boss's daughter
Anabela (Daniela Soto Vell) and leverages the situation at work to get ahead.
The shocking thing is that his evil plot works, and careful planning keeps
suspicion away from him as he lunges for the brass ring. However, the
psychological effects of the twisted days of captivity on Anabela lead to
bizarre consequences. Scherzo Diabolico is an unexpected thriller that upends
typical genre tropes. Even jaded thriller fans will appreciate the range of
story and a third act in which the plot goes off the rails. VERDICT Excellent
acting across the board enliven this trip through the grand guignol, from Aram
hanging like a sick spider in his web of candy lies and repressed rage to
Anabela's journey from victim to force of nature.--Douglas Rednour, Georgia
State Univ. Lib., Atlanta

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                      Copyright 2017 Library Journals, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              771 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           October 23, 2008 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

RIDE ON THE WILD SIDE;
MOUNTAIN SLEDDING - THE BIG, BAD COUSIN OF SNOWMOBILING - IS 'ALL ABOUT THE
ADRENALINE RUSH'

BYLINE: By DENNIS PUNZEL The Capital Times dpunzel@madison.com

SECTION: 77 SQUARE; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 891 words


As a retailer of snowmobiles, Robert Hintz is not one to belittle the joys of
snowmobiling in Wisconsin. Indeed, for many casual weekend riders, the typical
trail ride provides an enjoyable entry into the world of winter recreation.

"When you go snowmobiling in Wisconsin, it's pretty easy," said Hintz, general
manager of the Engelhart Center in Madison. "You jump on the trail, you follow
the trail signs, you stop at the gas station to fill up, you stop at the supper
club for something to eat and you go home."

A pleasant enough way to pass a winter's day, but Hintz and a growing number of
friends and customers were looking for something a little more adventurous.

Welcome to mountain sledding.

For the past several years, Hintz and his friends have been venturing to Wyoming
to take a week-long ride on the wild side.

"Mountain sledding is more of an event," said Hintz. "It's a physical activity
that has an adrenaline rush to it. Once you jump off the hard pack trail, you're
in nothing but powder. Having the powder come up over the hood of the snowmobile
kind of reminds you of your childhood, playing in the snow."

Of course, mountain sledding is hardly child's play. Not only is it physically
taxing, it also poses a number of safety threats, from avalanches to blizzards.
But managing such dangers is part of the challenge that makes the sport
appealing to its advocates. It's all a matter of being prepared.

"There are some basic safety things that we teach for trail riding around here,
too," said Hintz, who hosts an annual safety clinic at his store for those
intrigued with mountain sledding. "But when you go out and you jump off the
trail and we're going 10 miles that way in an 800-square mile national forest,
that's an entirely different story. You can spend the night out there pretty
quickly if you get lost or if a front comes in and you have a blizzard where you
can't see anything. We're prepared to spend the night if we have to."

Hintz was introduced to mountain sledding by Erik Toijala, a Cottage Grove
chiropractor who discovered the thrill of the sport more or less by accident the
previous year. Looking for something a little different to do, he headed out to
Wyoming with a friend with plans to rent a mountain sled for a couple days and
hire a guide to show them the ropes.

"We didn't know what we were getting into," Toijala said. "There were 600 miles
of groomed trails, that's what we knew. We'd been riding trails for years and
the first day out there we went out with our guide at 10 a.m. and we had to come
in at 2 o'clock because we were done. ... We were fried. Part of that was from
lack of experience, no knowledge and no skills. It just opened my eyes real
quick to a different kind of snowmobiling."

Toijala is quick to admit that mountain sledding isn't for the faint of heart.
It requires a commitment in terms of training and an adventurous spirit.

"I'm definitely an advocate, but one thing I've learned over the last five years
is that it's not for everybody," he said. "We have guys who don't go anymore,
whether that's because they're scared, or whatever. It takes a little different
person to ride out there.

"My vacations are always active. I don't sit on the beach, so I need something
to do. You need to go and be willing to give everything you've got day after day
after day because you want the adrenaline rush. I don't think that's for
everybody."

There's also a certain financial commitment. Mountain sleds - which have longer
tracks, deeper paddles, a taller handlebar and larger fuel capacity than trail
sleds - range in cost from $7,000 to $11,000, roughly comparable to trail sleds.
Mountain sleds now account for about half of the snowmobile sales at Engelhart,
Hintz said.

"Where the money comes in is the gear," said Hintz. "Everything you're going to
wear has to be GORE-TEX because you need to stay dry. When you go trail riding
in Wisconsin, you can get away with a set of Carhartt bibs that'll keep you warm
for 40 miles."

Another cost factor is the travel and lodging expenses involved in heading out
to the mountain country. (The only place in the Midwest that allows off-trail
sledding is in Michigan's Upper Peninsula.) Toijala estimates the week-long stay
at the lodge in Wyoming runs about $3,000.

"I don't think $3,000 for a week-long vacation is really that much," he said.
"You're going to pay that going anywhere, aren't you? If you're going to Hawaii
for a week, it's going to cost you at least that."

And chances are that few other vacation plans can provide as much thrill for the
buck.

"It's all about the adrenaline rush," said Toijala, a multi-sport athlete in his
high school days at Monona Grove who went on to pitch at the University of
Minnesota. "I think most people, especially males, are looking for that
somewhere. Whether it's in their work or their hobbies or whatever, everybody's
looking for that little rush. And it's non-stop rush out there.

"When I played college baseball and you'd play in a hostile environment in a big
game ... there's some adrenaline rush there. But I don't know if that even
compares to climbing a 1,200-foot chute that you're not sure you're going to
make. Some of the stuff we do out there, frankly, scares me to death. But I
think that's where you get the adrenaline rush.

"Am I hooked? That's putting it mildly. I can't wait to go back."

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  To view the Web version of the story, go to
http://77square.com/sweat/features/story_310752.

GRAPHIC: Robert Hintz photos Pat Hickey of Stoughton is one of many area
residents who have become interested in mountain sledding, the practice of
off-road trail riding on specially designed snowmobiles. Area residents Bob
Tidwell, Robert Hintz, Tim Felt and Pat Hickey ventured to Wyoming for a
mountain sledding trip and many head west annually for vacations geared around
the sport. The Upper Peninsula is the only area in the Midwest where off-trail
sledding is allowed.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              772 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                          El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)

                             March 28, 2003 Friday

:Candidates challenge 2 YISD board incumbents

BYLINE: By Corrie MacLaggan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 876 words


Six candidates are vying for two seats on the Ysleta Independent School District
board of trustees. Each incumbent -- Roberto Lerma in District 1 (Riverside High
area) and Rosa Caballero in District 7 (Del Valle High area) -- will face two
opponents.

The May 3 election comes while the district is investigating a possible bond
issue, bracing for state budget cuts and working with new Superintendent Hector
Montenegro.

Some parents and teachers said they hope the trustees elected will cooperate
with the administration and fellow board members.

"They need to get along and support the superintendent instead of trying to
belittle him or make him bend to their ways at whatever cost," said Yvonne
Salcido, a home economics teacher at Del Valle High School. "The problems
haven't been the superintendent; they've been the school board's bickering."

District 7

Caballero said that she had not been planning to run for re-election but that
she changed her mind after the board hired Montenegro, who took office March 1.

"I feel we need to give the superintendent a chance to work with the board that
elected him," Caballero said.

She said her primary concerns for the district include school finance,
especially because some state legislators want to kill the "Robin Hood" funding
system that spreads money from wealthy districts to poor ones like Ysleta.

"I've been a very committed board member," Caballero said. "I have given
thousands of hours volunteering and have been accessible to the community."

But homemaker Linda Chavez said she is running for the District 7 seat because
she does not agree with decisions Caballero has made.

"I don't like the way she votes along with Roberto Lerma," said Chavez, a
longtime parent volunteer in the district. "We need a trustee whose loyalty is
to the people of the district."

Chavez said that if elected, she will advocate higher pay for teachers and
more-efficient money management.

Alex Hernandez, who ran unsuccessfully for justice of the peace in 2002, said he
hopes to lower the district's high dropout rate and to reduce infighting on the
board.

"The public image of the board is at an all-time low," Hernandez said. "Ysleta
has been characterized by bickering and arguing amongst themselves."

Hernandez, an instructor at the University of Phoenix, said he has had a
lifelong passion for education.

"I'm not just somebody who decided overnight to run for the Ysleta school
board," he said.

District 1

Incumbent Lerma, a former board president who also served on the board during
1991-97, said he is seeking re-election to continue his mission of improving the
district.

"I don't think my job is finished," he said.

Lerma's critics have questioned his outspoken style. In October he called a
press conference asking board President Wayne Belisle to resign. And in December
he was censured by his fellow trustees for releasing the name of
then-superintendent candidate Montenegro, who had been promised confidentiality.

But Lerma stands by his actions. "Everything I've said has been true, and it's
all for a purpose," he said. "If I see something wrong, I will try to stop it.
You have got to stand up. You can't just sit there on the board."

Andy Ramirez, a construction superintendent, said the board's composition needs
a change.

"I want to bring back a little credibility and respect to our district," said
Ramirez, a Riverside High School parent. "I'd like to unite the board, and and
I'm not going to micromanage the superintendent or the principals."

Ramirez said that if elected, he hopes to hold the schools accountable for
student performance on the state's new standardized test, the Texas Assessment
of Knowledge and Skills.

The final candidate is D. Norris Maher, a 24-year-old student at El Paso
Community College who said he plans to spend his life serving the El Paso
community. Maher said that being the youngest candidate doesn't mean he's not
qualified.

"I'm approaching this with a youthful optimism," he said.

Maher said he has met with Montenegro and would like to work closely with the
superintendent to improve bilingual education and to decrease the district's
dropout rate.

The candidates

DISTRICT 1, RIVERSIDE HIGH SCHOOL AREA

Roberto M. Lerma (incumbent)

Age: 58.

Occupation: Education consultant and business entrepreneur.

Education: Jefferson High School, sociology studies at the University of Texas
at El Paso.

Andy Ramirez

Age: 44.

Occupation: Construction superintendent.

Education: Riverside High School, pre-law studies at Ranger Junior College.

D. Norris Maher

Age: 24.

Occupation: Student, El Paso Community College.

Education: Andress High School, working toward business degree at EPCC.

DISTRICT 7, DEL VALLE HIGH SCHOOL AREA

Rosa D. Caballero (incumbent)

Age: 51.

Occupation: Tax consultant.

Education: Ysleta High School, education studies at EPCC and UTEP.

Linda Chavez

Age: 52.

Occupation: Homemaker.

Education: Jefferson High School, education studies at UTEP.

Alex Hernandez

Age: 54.

Occupation: Director of staff development, EPCC.

Education: Bachelor's in education, UTEP; master's in organizational management,
University of Phoenix.

Corrie MacLaggan may be reached at cmaclagganelpasotimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2003 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              773 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             August 16, 2002 Friday
                              Correction Appended

Divided board sends community plan forward

BYLINE: JOSH ZIMMER

SECTION: NORTH OF TAMPA; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 364 words

DATELINE: CITRUS PARK


A long line of Citrus Park residents continued to belittle the proposed
community plan for Citrus Park, telling City-County Planning Commission members
it would encourage overdevelopment.

But in the end, a majority of commission members decided having a plan was
better than having no plan at all. Members voted 4-2 to recommend approval to
the Hillsborough County Commission, which is scheduled to make a binding
decision on amending the county's comprehensive land use plan Tuesday.

Working with an increasingly divided group of residents, the county's Department
of Planning and Growth Management spent two years devising the controversial
plan. It sets forth a more upscale vision of Citrus Park where people could walk
from quiet neighborhoods to businesses along a more densely populated Ehrlich
Road.

Without a plan, the neighborhood could see rampant development, planners said.
Enough members agreed.

"Certain things can happen that you have no control of and this plan allows you
to do that (control development)," member Anne Madden said.

In recent months, a group of property owners comfortable with higher densities
in some areas and a 45-foot building height limit along Ehrlich Road gained the
upper hand with planners. But opponents have fought back.

At least 10 homeowners on Beaty Drive have successfully lobbied to be removed
from the plan. On Monday night, opponents presented the commission with a
petition signed by dozens more residents who say they want to be left out.

The discussion addressed the need to modify the comprehensive land use plan to
allow for the rezoning of 800 acres. Future votes will focus on how to rezone
individual areas for different densities, as well as changes to the county's
land development code.

The county commissioners were to be briefed Wednesday on the plan.

Planning Commission member Barbara Dowling shared the same development concerns
as opponents. Member Vivian Kitchen joined her in voting against recommendation.

"It seems we have added a whole lot of density to little Citrus Park," Dowling
said.

- Josh Zimmer covers Keystone, Citrus Park and the environment. He can be
reached at (813) 269-5314.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 18, 2002

CORRECTION: A story in Friday's North of Tampa misstated two votes by members of
the City-County Planning Commission. The commission last week recommended
changing the county's comprehensive land use plan to include the proposed Citrus
Park Village Master Plan. Member Vivian Kitchen voted for recommending that the
Hillsborough County Commission approve the plan. Member Terri Cobb voted against
it. North of Tampa also mischaracterized the action as a rezoning in a
front-page note referring to the story inside.

                    Copyright 2002 Times Publishing Company


                              774 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           January 21, 1999, Thursday

DEFENSE TEAM: IT'S JUST BILL'S WORD AGAINST THAT WOMAN'S; LAWYER CALLS CHARGES
TRIVIAL

BYLINE: VINCENT MORRIS and BRIAN BLOMQUIST Post Correspondents

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 004

LENGTH: 529 words


WASHINGTON - The White House yesterday tried to dismiss the impeachment charges
against President Clinton as a petty "he says, she says" case, pitting Clinton's
word against Monica Lewinsky's.

Greg Craig, the boyish, silver-haired attorney hired to help Clinton fight
impeachment, told senators the case against the president does not withstand
legal scrutiny.

"The allegations are frequently trivial, almost always technical, often
immaterial and always insubstantial," charged Craig, who attended Yale with
Clinton and Hillary a generation ago.

Craig and White House lawyer Cheryl Mills argued for about four hours yesterday,
attacking the two impeachment charges. They named every one of the House
prosecutors and said charges made by each of them do not hold up.

In what critics charged was a clever bit of lawyering, Craig effectively
enlisted witnesses - without calling them to the stand - by playing videotaped
testimony.

"It was certainly a way of getting witnesses without calling them," said Sen.
Orrin Hatch, (R-Utah).

Craig used the video witnesses to attack Lewinsky's testimony, which contradicts
Clinton's, but Craig never went so far as to call her a liar.

Craig criticized prosecutors for combining perjury charges from the Paula Jones
case and from Clinton's grand-jury testimony, calling it "unfair and
unconstitutional" since the House declined to impeach Clinton for allegedly
lying in the Jones case.

He also said that prosecutors insisted on believing any witness who contradicted
Clinton, especially Lewinsky.

"This is a classic, oath-on-oath, he says-she says swearing match," Craig said.

Today, former Sen. Dale Bumpers, an old friend of the Clintons who helped set up
their legal-defense fund, makes a closing argument that fellow Democrats hope
may inspire a majority of senators to vote "yes" on dismissing the case. That
vote is scheduled for Monday.

Bumpers will be a familiar face to many senators. "I'm not usually persuaded by
the things he said on the Senate floor, but we'll see if I am this time," said
Sen. Robert Bennett (R-Utah).

Tomorrow, senators open what's expected to be two days of cross-examination, a
process that involves scribbling questions down on paper and handing them over
to Chief Justice William Rehnquist, who is presiding over the trial.

Some senators said they've already started forming questions, which they'll hand
to Republican and Democratic leaders for vetting. Aides to the two leaders said
the questions won't be censored, but merely vetted to avoid repetition.

Some Democrats, including Sens. John Kerry of Massachusetts and John Breaux of
Louisiana, said they're pushing for a Senate vote to end the trial immediately.

But Hatch responded: "I don't think they're going to be able to get away with
that."

Clinton is only the second president ever impeached by the House, which voted
Dec. 19 to seek his removal from office on charges that he perjured himself and
obstructed justice in his efforts to keep hidden his sordid, oral-sex fling with
Lewinsky.


LOAD-DATE: January 21, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: INSUBSTANTIAL: White House counsel Greg Craig belittles the House
prosecutors' case yesterday.  -AP

           Copyright 1999 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              775 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               January 8, 1998, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

JURY FOREWOMAN WASN'T IMPRESSED BY PROSECUTION;
SHE BELITTLES FBI, PROSECUTORS AND OFFICIALS' ATTITUDE;
CALLS INVESTIGATION SLOPPY

BYLINE: Lynda Gorov; Boston Globe

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A4

LENGTH: 823 words

DATELINE: DENVER


She did not, of course, condone the killings. But the woman who headed the jury
that could not settle the fate of Terry Nichols in the second Oklahoma City
bombing trial said she did understand the hatred behind them.

In remarks that infuriated relatives of those killed in the bombing, the
forewoman, Niki Deutchman:

- Belittled the prosecution's case.

- Called investigators' work sloppy.

- Insisted that the FBI has an obligation to hunt down the other people that
some jurors believed were involved in the attack.

- Noted that every American has had at least one negative experience with the
government.

"The government's attitude - and the FBI is definitely included in that - is of
where all of this comes from in the first place," she said, referring to
antigovernment sentiment. "It's time for the government to be more respectful
and be aware of us as people with inalienable rights." The attitude "is: We know
and you don't; we have the power and you don't.' . . . I can understand how
someone would be unhappy with the government."

Deutchman said the jury did not believe that the prosecution had proved Nichols
was an equal partner in the terrorist attack and was divided over how much he
even knew about the plot to bomb the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building. The only
certainty after weeks of testimony, she added, was that Timothy McVeigh deserved
the death sentence he received last June.

Jurors convicted Nichols of conspiracy to build the bomb that killed 168 people
and of involuntary manslaughter, but they failed to agree on a sentence.

How much Nichols was involved in the bombing "was very much debated, all the way
from a very tiny amount to totally," Deutchman, an obstetrics nurse, said at a
press conference after the jury was sent home. "The differences were very strong
and definite."

She said the evidence did not show Nichols was present or directly implicated
"with anything." Among her criticisms of the government's case:

- The circumstantial nature of the evidence.

- Prosecutors' reliance on "innuendo."

- The FBI's decision not to tape record a 9 1/2-hour interview with Nichols that
took place over three days.

- The agents' "arrogant" insistence that they had "total recall."

Still, she said, prosecutors did effectively put Nichols in Oklahoma City in the
days before the bombing, although both sides agreed that he was not there when
the bomb exploded on the morning of April 19, 1995.

'Something big and nasty'

Explaining what many courtroom observers have called the jury's split decision,
Deutchman said the conspiracy conviction depended only on the jury's belief that
he was involved in any way at all.

"Even if he didn't know a bomb was involved, he knew something big and nasty was
about to happen," she said. "Some jurors were not convinced that Terry Nichols
knew it was a bomb that was the big plan. I felt he knew it was a bomb and was
involved up to the end. . . . There were jurors who felt he was not involved in
(building the bomb) at all."

Several members of the seven-woman, five-man panel did, however, come away
convinced that the so-called John Doe 2 and others might have been involved in
the bombing. She mentioned the various sightings of Ryder trucks on the day
Nichols and McVeigh allegedly were constructing their bomb in one.

"I think there are other people out there," Deutchman said. "I think the
government dropped the ball, and if there were people who were involved in this
horrible crime, it's their obligation to find them."

While saying that she was relieved that U.S. District Court Judge Richard Matsch
would determine Nichols' punishment, Deutchman also said she wanted the families
of the victims to understand that the jury had worked its way through mounds of
testimony and struggled toward its decision so hard that there were raised
voices and tears in the jury room.

"Revenge and vengeance is very different from justice," she said. "Just
punishing someone because they've been arrested . . . doesn't fill the holes
created by the bomb that turned the federal building into a crater and tore
families apart."

Second juror agrees

Juror Holly Hanlin, too, felt that the government failed to prove its case,
saying all jurors agreed that Nichols was involved in the bombing but differed
on the extent of his involvement.

"We couldn't find enough evidence to convince at least all of us that he
intended, that he was involved from the very beginning, that he built the bomb,"
said Hanlin, an executive at a temporary employment agency. "We felt that
evidence was shaky at best."

When it came time to sentencing, they found themselves in a situation like a
"family argument," she added. "What one person saw as concrete evidence another
person couldn't quite see that way. That doesn't mean that they're wrong. It
just means the evidence wasn't strong enough for them."

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color Photo from THE ASSOCIATED PRESS - Surrounded by reporters,
Niki Deutchman, forewoman for the Terry Nichols bombing trial jury, talks about
the jury's inability to reach a decision on his penalty. She spoke in Denver's
Cramner Park, near her home.

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              776 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   September 20, 1993, Monday, Final Edition

Toward a Republican D.C.

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE A19; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 359 words


Bill Rice is wrong to belittle D.C. Republicans ["D.C.'s Five-Card Dud,"
Outlook, Sept. 12]. He is naive to suppose that Carol Schwartz and Harry
Singleton were not approached by the D.C. Republican Committee to enter the race
for council chairman. After thoughtful consideration they declined to run.

At a meeting at Julie Finley's home, two committee members expressed an interest
in entering the race. Did they have a local power base through an Advisory
Neighborhood Commission or other community-based organization? No. Did they have
established name recognition thus facilitating financial contribution? No. Did
they have the personal financial resources to finance their own campaign?
Certainly not. An objective person can conclude that they did not have a
reasonable expectation of winning the race.

Volunteers make a campaign work. With little hope for a win, even the most
partisan is reluctant to give time to a windmill tilt. Scarcity of volunteers
means few people on the street collecting the required 3,000 valid petition
signatures -- an announced candidate unable to collect the signatures is an
embarrassment both to himself and to the party. With Democratic petition
challenge a certainty (one Democratic candidate for the chairman's race with
4,500 signatures was successfully bumped off the ballot by Charlene Drew
Jarvis), it is essential to check each of the 3,000 names against the list of
registered voters at the Board of Elections. This is a daunting task for
dedicated people.

The potential for a fiasco was very high, and D.C. Republicans do not need to
lengthen a losing streak. The decision has been made to bring up another
generation of candidates by winning local nonpartisan races while developing a
grass-roots precinct organization. Julie Finley has networked in every corner of
the city encouraging those who believe in the American dream to come out
Republican. It will take many election cycles to rebuild the party. But be
assured that if Jersey City can elect a Republican mayor with a 6 percent
Republican voter registration, the District, with 12 percent, can also. SAMUEL
F. HEPFORD Washington

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              777 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 19, 1993, Saturday, Final Edition

These Women Deserve Better

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE A19; FREE FOR ALL

LENGTH: 441 words


According to the June 14 Style section, the most memorable thing about new Texas
Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison is that she once was a cheerleader for the University
of Texas ["Texas Steel, Senate-Ready"].

While I appreciate what seems to have been Sue Anne Pressley's need to connect
cheerleading with Hutchinson's "good cheer" and her "cheerleader smile," I find
it offensive that the first listings of Hutchison's abilities do not mention
reasons why she may have won her election. Instead Pressley writes of Hutchison
first as a "former senior prom queen" and last as a "former state treasurer."

How dare you belittle the new senator's abilities as a politician, her qualities
as a leader and her evident success with her constituents with silly photos and
sophomoric references to her "best routines" from cheerleading days. That is
fluff; being a United States senator is not.  -- Deborah Retzky


Howard Kurtz's June 7 story on Judy Woodruff perpeuates the stereotype that
women, if they are to be taken seriously in professional and academic fields
such as journalism, cannot be both beautiful and competent ["Steady as She
Goes," Style].

Comparing Catherine Crier's "striking beauty" with Woodruff's "dogged and
hard-nosed" personality was pointless -- must women today still be seen as one
or the other?

I find myself annoyed at feeling the need to come to Woodruff's defense because
I'm certain that she can hold her own against anyone, especially misguided male
reporters. But I would like to point out that Woodruff, despite saying to Kurtz
that she is "not particularly great looking," is indeed a very attractive woman.
But so what?

Whether either woman is incredibly attractive, simply plain or downright homely
matters not to what they have to say in their jobs.

I believe that Kurtz was not intentionally trying to make his piece appear to be
about a gorgeous amateur being replaced by a no-nonsense professional, but that
is certainly how it appeared to me.

I have yet to come across a story analyzing Peter Jennings or Dan Rather in the
context of their physical appearance. Could you imagine?  -- Pamela Lessard


I was dismayed to read the June 14 front-page headline "Woman Set to Succeed
Mulroney: Defense Chief to be First Female Canadian Premier."

I do realize that Defense Minister Kim Campbell is to become Canada's first
woman prime minister; however, one would expect her name to appear in the
headline instead of the sexist choice "woman." I dare say Campbell deserves more
recognition than your paper granted for her extraordinary achievements in
Canadian public service.

-- Kathryn Klibanoff

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, RAY LUSTIG; PHOTO, BILL O'LEARY; PHOTO, CANADIAN PRESS

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              778 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 24, 1994, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

ABOUT SPAM

SECTION: Section 6;  Page 4;  Column 3;  Magazine Desk

LENGTH: 99 words


Margaret Thatcher's recollection of Spam as a wartime delicacy may well be of
the days when it first reached Britain in World War II. My memories, however,
during the later days of the war, are of eagerly anticipated meals in
restaurants where the waiter would slap a lengthy menu on the table, then, after
we had made our selections, come back and announce: "Spam only. There's a war
on, you know!"

I don't mean to belittle Spam, though. What would we have eaten if it hadn't
been available? To this day, I keep a tin in my refrigerator.

HANA STRANSKA
Jackson Heights, Queens

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              779 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 27, 1986, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Speakes Belittles News Parley

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section 1; Page 54, Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 343 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 26


The White House spokesman, Larry Speakes, suggested today that Presidential news
conferences had ''outgrown their usefulness'' and defended the Reagan
Administration's tight controls on information to the news media.

''I don't know a corporation that doesn't try to control the message that goes
to the public,'' Mr. Speakes said at a panel discussion on the press and the
President sponsored by the Times Mirror Company. ''That's the way the game is
played.''

Commenting on complaints that reporters had too little access to Mr. Reagan, Mr.
Speakes said, ''Many institutions of the press have either outlived or outgrown
their usefulness.''

As an example he cited televised news conferences, saying they were dominated by
a few reporters from networks and big newspapers. He said the Reagan
Administration had ''searched for a better way,'' trying individual interviews,
interviews with six correspondents at a time and off-the-record cocktail
sessions.

Another panelist, Sam Donaldson, the ABC News White House correspondent,
protested, saying, ''News conferences are the only chance the American public
has to see Ronald Reagan use his mind.''

What the White House really wants, Mr. Donaldson said, is to keep Mr. Reagan
under wraps lest he blunder or deviate from whatever policy point his staff is
emphasizing that day. That strategy ''does not serve the American public,'' he
said.

Jack Nelson, White House correspondent for The Los Angeles Times, said there was
''a real contempt for the press within the Reagan Administration and it starts
at the top.'' He said White House controls on information were the tightest
since the years of the Watergate scadals.

If reporters ask questions about a White House program, mandatory drug testing,
for instance, they are treated as un-American, Mr. Donalson protested. ''It's
not just unfair - it's dangerous,'' he added.

Other panelists were Jody Powell, President Carter's press secretary; Theodore
Sorenson, special counsel to President Kennedy, and Tom DeFrank, Newsweek's
White House reporter.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              780 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 05, 1998, Saturday, Final Edition

Conflicts With MAMSI CEO Cap Years of Tension

David S. Hilzenrath, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. G01

LENGTH: 1699 words


As chief executive of one of the Washington area's largest HMO companies, George
T. Jochum has faced his share of critics -- doctors, patients, hospital
executives, investors and state regulators among them.

Now the opposition is coming from the boardroom.

After nearly a decade heading Mid Atlantic Medical Services Inc. of Rockville,
Jochum has lost the support of half the board of directors and is battling to
keep his job.

The conflict inside the company has become so intense that this week five board
members filed a lawsuit airing the sort of allegations that corporations
typically take pains to keep quiet, accusing Jochum, 66, of "tyrannical
behavior" toward subordinates and "a pattern of personal misbehavior . . .
involving female employees."

The five directors asked a Delaware court to remove Jochum as chairman,
president, and chief executive of MAMSI, as the company is known. In an
interview, Jochum's lawyer denounced the allegations as "completely without
merit" and promised a vigorous defense.

Meanwhile, former MAMSI employees said they heard echoes of their own
observations and experiences in the directors' complaint. Jochum's management
style has contributed to a climate of anxiety and a sense that dissent can be
risky, some former employees say.

In MAMSI parlance, the phrase "getting your face ripped off" has become
shorthand for incurring the CEO's wrath and being criticized in front of
co-workers to the point of humiliation, former managers say.

"George liked to do a lot of face-ripping," a former manager said. "He would
scold people in public, belittle them and embarrass them."

"You'd look at their faces, you'd feel sorry for them. You felt, here are grown
people being treated like children," another former manager said. "It's
management by fear."

"It would get to the point where people would not raise issues" with Jochum
because they didn't want "to go through getting your face ripped off," according
to a former manager. "He would really chew people out for not agreeing with
him," another former manager said.

A former employee recalled making what he considered a harmlessly funny but
cynical comment in a meeting with Jochum. "He chewed me out, up and down, across
the room, because he didn't like my sense of humor, and he told me not to ever
show that side of me in front of him," said the employee, who said he left the
company because he was unhappy with his circumstances.

Jochum's lawyer, Michael A. Carvin, offered this response: "Within the company,
I think George is perceived as a tough boss but a fair boss who . . . gives
people an opportunity to express their opinions."

But at one point, Jochum apologized for his behavior.

During a 1996 Christmas party at a female MAMSI executive's home, while
delivering remarks to a group of managers, Jochum commented on the size of the
hostess's breasts, according to sources who said they attended the party.

At a party for senior management at his own home that same holiday season,
Jochum presented what was intended to be a satirical slide show about MAMSI
personnel, sources said. One slide included a similar reference to the same
female executive's breasts, sources said.

Jochum later expressed his regrets in a written apology to some personnel and a
spoken apology at a meeting of senior management, sources said.

"It has been pointed out to me that at [the female executive's] Christmas party
I made a comment in my speech that was embarrassing for [her] and others,"
Jochum said in a Dec. 30, 1996, memo. "It's never my intent to embarrass anyone
and I believe it's particularly important as the CEO of MAMSI that I apologize
when I make such a mistake."

The episodes prompted an anonymous complaint to the board, sources said.

"Obviously, an event two years ago concerning a Christmas party has nothing to
do with the contractual dispute that is the focus of this lawsuit," Carvin said,
adding that Jochum "sincerely regretted" the "inappropriate comment."

The MAMSI culture under Jochum features an emphasis on corporate spirit and
devotion to work that some former employees describe as resembling a "cult." For
example, managers begin meetings with the cheer, "I'm happy, I'm healthy, I'm
tremendous."

One group of workers bought cups with the Kool-Aid logo in a joking reference to
the cyanide-laced drink similar to Kool-Aid consumed by followers of cult leader
Jim Jones, former employees said.

Jochum came to MAMSI in 1987 from General Defense Corp., where he managed
manufacturing and information systems. His earlier experience included
overseeing computer maintenance at Western Union Telegraph Co.

At the time, MAMSI was a financially troubled organization, providing health
care for about 100,000 people. Now it is one of the most powerful forces in
health care in the Washington area, a regional giant providing health care for
1.8 million people. The company's subsidiaries include the Optimum Choice and
MD-Individual Practice Association health maintenance organizations.

The Jochum family's presence at MAMSI goes beyond the top job. His daughter,
Debbie J. Hulen, and her husband hold senior executive positions. To some
critics, Jochum and MAMSI came to symbolize the corporatization of health care,
as HMOs and other managed care companies answerable to Wall Street wrestled with
doctors over power and money, imposing unprecedented financial discipline on the
medical profession.

Jochum's mission to rein in medical spending, make coverage more affordable and
reward investors cast him as an adversary of some doctors and hospitals, and the
millions of dollars he received in salary and stock options made him a target of
their jibes.

Within the medical community, MAMSI is "widely regarded as a problem child --
difficult to deal with, hostile and a bully," said T. Michael Preston, executive
director of MedChi, the Maryland medical society, which represents 7,200
physicians.

MAMSI takes strong exception to that view.

Over the years, medical professionals have complained that MAMSI's cost-cutting
tactics sometimes threaten to compromise patient care.

In a 1996 letter to physicians, Jochum and other MAMSI executives declared that
henceforth, referrals to specialists "may be for only one visit." Amid a
backlash of criticism, the company clarified its position, saying primary care
doctors could authorize specialists to provide more extensive care "if medically
appropriate."

Last summer, MAMSI proposed requiring hospitals to send tissue specimens to an
outside laboratory instead of paying for analysis to be done in the hospitals'
labs. Indignant doctors argued that the policy could cause delays for patients
awaiting diagnosis and treatment, and would prevent the treating physicians from
conferring with pathologists over the microscope. MAMSI backed down.

MAMSI's efforts to get physicians to practice medicine more efficiently have
bordered on intimidation, as some doctors tell it. One sore point was Jochum's
1996 written warning: "We are terminating the contracts of physicians . . . who
fail to meet the performance patterns for their specialty."

There have been other allegations of excess zeal.

In 1996, the Maryland Department of Health and Mental Hygiene fined MAMSI's
Optimum Choice HMO $ 55,000 for alleged fraud and misrepresentation in the
recruitment of people on Medicaid. In one instance, an Optimum Choice
representative gained entrance to a woman's home by falsely stating that the
Maryland Access to Care Program was changing its name to Optimium Choice, the
department alleged. MAMSI later settled with the state for $ 7,500 without
admitting or denying wrongdoing.

The boardroom insurrection began in October, when directors, executives and
their spouses gathered at a conference center in Hershey, Pa., for an annual
retreat.

The stock had been languishing at less that $ 6 a share for weeks, down from a
1994 peak of $ 30. Gone were the heady days when huge profits could be achieved
by ratcheting down payments to doctors and hospitals and enrolling hordes of
converts from traditional health insurance. Gone was the euphoria of watching
stock options soar.

The board cast secret ballots in a contractually required exercise: an annual
vote of confidence in the CEO.

"There was a count and recount and ashen faces," an insider said.

With Jochum out of the room, six directors, including two of his subordinates
from the executive ranks, voted against Jochum, according to the lawsuit. The
company's chief financial officer abstained, and five directors voted in favor
of keeping Jochum, according to the suit.

Other chief executives might have gone quietly, saying it was time to "pursue
other interests." Seven weeks later, Jochum is still on the job, and the
boardroom impasse remains unbroken.

With Jochum's approval, his lawyer said, MAMSI's chief financial officer
recently asked the 31 members of the "senior staff" to write to the company's
auditors expressing their views on Jochum. According to an anonymous tally, 22
"wanted George to continue, seven had no response, and two thought he should
go," Carvin said, adding that the results show "a strong degree of support" for
Jochum.

The directors' lawsuit blamed Jochum for "years of poor financial performance."

Jochum, ironically, had already begun to reverse some of the company's most
conspicuous problems:

After being denied accreditation by the National Committee for Quality
Assurance, a Washington group that rates HMOs, MAMSI won full accreditation this
year.

After holding down premiums in a push to expand membership, MAMSI this year has
raised rates for its commercial customers by an average of 7.4 percent.

After plunging from a 1995 profit of $ 61.1 million to a 1996 loss of $ 2.8
million, MAMSI was back in the black -- at least until it set aside $ 16.5
million in the third quarter to repay the government for alleged overcharges.

"Our recovery plan is basically right on target," Jochum said in a November
conference call with investment analysts.

Five MAMSI directors have asked a court to remove George T. Jochum as chairman.


LOAD-DATE: December 05, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, gerald martineau

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              781 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    October 30, 1994, Sunday, Final Edition

Wofford Gains Momentum In Pennsylvania Senate Race

Dale Russakoff, Bill McAllister, Dan Balz

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A22; POLITICS

LENGTH: 317 words


Sen. Harris Wofford (D-Pa.), long plagued by close ties to President Clinton,
appears to have checked his reelection slide with help from the widow of the
late senator John Heinz (R-Pa.) and his challenger's own words.

In a Pittsburgh speech, Theresa Heinz denounced Wofford's challenger, Rep. Rick
Santorum (R-Pa.), as the "antithesis of John Heinz," calling Santorum "short on
public service and even shorter on accomplishments" and part of a "worrisome
breed [of politicians who] mock, belittle and vilify those who disagree with
them."

Santorum, Pennsylvania's most conservative statewide candidate in recent times,
had pulled even with Wofford for the seat once held by Heinz, a moderate who
died in a 1991 plane crash.

Wofford also unveiled a potent television ad announcing: "You're looking at
footage of the real Rick Santorum attacking the Social Security system."
Santorum, 36, is then shown calling the retirement age of 65 "ridiculous," and
saying: "A quarter of your life on Social Security! No!"

Santorum, enraged by the ad -- which omits mention that the retirement age
already will rise to 66, then to 67 in the next century -- has exploded at
Wofford about it in public. "Calm down and grow up," Wofford responded at one
event.

Conservative celebrity visits this week won Santorum much publicity and funds,
but also a controversial pronouncement by National Rifle Association spokesman
Charlton Heston, who said Santorum wants to restore "what the smart, old, dead
white guys had when they brought up this country -- they had it right."

Spokesman Mike Mihalke said Santorum's call for "lower taxes, less government
and paying attention to Pennsylvania's concerns" continues to win support. The
campaign is "not saying much about" the Heinz speech, Mihalke said. "She's
obviously entitled to her opinion. We really believe this race will be decided
by all the people."


LOAD-DATE: October 30, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, SEN. HARRIS WOFFORD, LEFT, IS LOCKED IN A CLOSE CONTEST WITH
CHALLENGER REP. RICK SANTORUM IN PENNSYLVANIA.

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              782 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                              May 30, 1994, Monday

Football: Germans stunned by Irish fire; Irish hopes for USA '94 increase as
they belittle world champions

BYLINE: TREVOR HAYLETT in Hanover

SECTION: SPORT PAGE; Page 28

LENGTH: 577 words


Germany. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .0

Republic of Ireland. . .2

THE Republic of Ireland surpassed even their own splendid achievements of recent
times with a victory yesterday that humbled Germany, the world champions. After
the defeat last month of the Netherlands, another of the World Cup favourites,
it seems pertinent to ask just what Jack Charlton's squad are on.

No other nation will head for USA '94 with a more impressive series of results.
In four games since they qualified for football's showpiece, Ireland have won
three and have still to concede a goal.

The latest, and one of the greatest in their history, was hoisted by Tony
Cascarino's first-half header and underpinned midway through the second when
Gary Kelly claimed his first goal in senior football. It rendered the Germans
thoroughly demoralised by the finish - their first home defeat in six years and
their first in Hanover since 1954 was greeted with a chorus of boos and
whistles.

Charlton was left to reflect afterwards that expectations back home will now be
heightened about the campaign which starts in 19 days' time against Italy in New
York. ''This result will only put us under more pressure and maybe we will be
taken a little more seriously now.''

In addition his planning has been complicated because of the assured
performances from those who were drafted in. Paul McGrath will have been helped
by a full 90-minute examination while Alan Kelly will have Pat Bonner wondering
about his place.

The hosts controlled things from the start leaving Ireland waiting to pick off
the attacks. When they managed to break they did so with conviction and purpose
and one such raid brought them their first goal on the half-hour.

Matthias Sammer was hustled out of possession and the ball bounced favourably
for

Jason McAteer. His cross flew beyond the far post where Cascarino rose to nod
home his 12th international goal. The advantage was immediately under threat as
Sammer hit the outside of the post with a cross. Then Kelly demonstrated his
qualities by managing to get his fingers to a fierce drive from Strunz.

The crowd's demand for Rudi Voller was answered just past the hour but it was an
Irish substitute who made more impact as Charlton's team went two ahead. McAteer
was only inches away from Steve Staunton's cross but Germany failed to get the
clearance away. Kelly seized control, came inside on to his left, weaker, foot,
to produce a shot which took a deflection.

GERMANY (1-3-3-1-2): Illgner (Cologne); Matthaus (Bayern Munich); Strunz (VfB
Stuttgart), Kohler (Juventus), Wagner (Kaiserslautern); Basler (Werder Bremen),
Buchwald (VfB Stuttgart), Sammer (Borussia Dortmund); Moller (Juventus);
Klinsmann (Monaco), Riedle (Borussia Dortmund). Substitutes: Berthold (VfB
Stuttgart) for Buchwald 35; Effenberg (Fiorentina) for Kohler, h-t; Hassler
(Roma) for Moller, h-t; Voller (Marseille) for Riedle, 66.

REPUBLIC OF IRELAND (4-5-1): A Kelly (Sheffield United); Irwin (Manchster
United), McGrath (Aston Villa), Babb (Coventry), Phelan (Manchester City);
McAteer (Bolton), Keane (Manchester United), Townsend (Aston Villa), Sheridan
(Sheffield Wednesday), Staunton (Aston Villa); Cascarino (Chelsea). Substitutes:
Whelan (Liverpool) for Sheridan, h-t; G Kelly (Leeds) for Irwin, h-t; Coyne
(Motherwell) for Cascarino, 69; Houghton (Aston Villa) for McAteer, 86.

Referee: G-A Encinar (Spain).

More football, page 25


LOAD-DATE: May 30, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1994 Independent Print Ltd


                              783 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                           July 2, 1992, CITY EDITION

Uplifting set confirms faith
Steve Forbert at Whelan's

BYLINE: By Kevin Courtney

SECTION: ARTS; REVIEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 353 words


IN 1977 the New York Times heralded the arrival of Steve Forbert by declaring:
"It's hard to imagine that he won't be a huge success." As things turned out, he
wasn't, and Forbert's failure to become a big star has to be one of the music
industry's most shameful near-misses. But to the audience who cheered
vociferously at his gig in Whelan's on Friday night, Forbert has always been a
success, and he once again confirmed their faith in him with a raucous uplifting
set that had them hanging over the balcony for almost two hours.  Not that this
singer- songwriter from Meridian Mississippi didn't enjoy at least a modicum of
fame during the late '70s/early '80s. His first album ''Alive On Arrival" stayed
in the American Top 100 for months and the follow-up "Jackrabbit Slim" reached
the Top 20. His popularity culminated in "Little Stevie Orbit" the album by
which many Irish and British fans first became acquainted with this husky-
voiced folk-rocker. Things began to go wrong for Forbert in the mid-'80s,
though, and the situation was exacerbated by contractual problems with his
record company; while contemporaries Tom Petty and John Cougar Mellencamp went
on to greater heights, Forbert found himself without a contract and without
direction.  A return to basics via a move to Nashville started the healing
process that has led to Dublin audiences once again having the privilege of
Forbert's presence. A full, very competent band backed him up at Whelan's, and
they handled his back catalogue deftly and precisely. It was a driving, Southern
boogie, laced with observant lyrics and an eye for nuance.  It's easy to see
where Steve Earlie may have got his inspiration. Forbert's distinctive, throaty
singing lends itself perfectly to emotions of longing and losing, and when he
sings one of his slow ballads with just an acoustic guitar, the audience gives
him the attention and respect he deserves. The highlight of the evening may have
been his biggest hit "Southern Kisses", but there was so much more to read in
Forbert's back pages that to give one song prominence was to belittle the
others.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1992 The Irish Times


                              784 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 4, 1995, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Observer;
The Cry Of the Titanic

BYLINE: By RUSSELL BAKER

SECTION: Section A;  Page 25;  Column 1;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 683 words


The Coast Guard has abandoned the Morse code. Or to express it in an anguished
cry of that now obsolete tongue: "Dit-dit-dit, dah-dah-dah, dit-dit-dit."

It has to be said very fast -- "ditditdit dahdahdah ditditdit" -- and means, of
course, S O S.

Morse code was invented by Samuel F. B. Morse, who sent the first coded message
in 1844. As every schoolchild once had to learn, that message was, "What hath
God wrought."

Communications machinery has improved mightily since 1844, but the same cannot
be said for the quality of messages. Neil Armstrong's first moon message --
"That's one small step for a man, but a giant leap for mankind" -- doesn't hold
a candle to "What hath God wrought."

This is not to belittle Mr. Armstrong. He is a brave, intelligent and perhaps
even wise adventurer. His rare refusal to exploit his deed for fame and fortune
has been one of the century's noblest displays of honorable character.

Nevertheless, Mr. Armstrong's message is not in the same league with "What hath
God wrought." It has the sound of writing that has been exhaustingly labored
over while dozens of government titans looked over the poor author's shoulder.
Imagine the editing:

"You can't use a musty old word like 'hath,' Neil. And that 'wrought,' baby,
that's one of the forget-'em antiques. And don't get us wrong, fella, we're not
hypocrites or atheists or anything, but God in a Federal-program context is
strictly a no- no these days."

It is not easy to produce memorable messages, of course, even when censors are
not leaning over you. Here, for instance, is Wink Wingender of Glen Burnie, Md.,
who, according to The Baltimore Sun, sent and received Morse code both at sea
and ashore for many years. What did he say upon learning that the Coast Guard
was abandoning it?

"You can't stop progress," he said.

Here was a chance to say, "What hath God unwrought," but Mr. Wingender, probably
flustered to discover himself talking to a newspaper reporter, could only
produce that dubious old line about the unstoppability of progress.

Anyone who has ever found himself suddenly confronted by the trouble implicit in
a newspaper reporter will sympathize with Mr. Wingender's failure to realize
that the auto industry has stopped progress for the past 50 years, that Newt
Gingrich has not only stopped progress but also started to roll it back, that --

But we were talking of the end of Morse code. Sentimentality doesn't dampen my
eye, but I do feel a bit sad. Here is another instance of a hard-earned skill
suddenly declared useless.

Learning the code was one of the more satisfying experiences of my Navy career,
possibly because it seemed a little like being able to hear music with a
musician's ear. Each letter and number makes a distinctive rhythmic sound.

After repeated listening conditions the ear to recognize each distinctive sound,
you have the same sort of pleasure professional musicians must feel in listening
closely to complex music, or so I thought.

It was a skill I never needed, as things turned out, but it was useful for
entertaining small children, or at least those with enough wit to be amused by
hearing their names -- dit-dah-dit, dah-dah-dah, dit-dit-dit, dit -- in Morse
code.

Still, it was a skill that until last week might have made me valuable to the
Coast Guard. Now -- useless. As useless as my skill at maneuvering a
propeller-driven plane through a perfect Immelmann turn, followed by a flawless
slow roll.

The purpose here was to enable me to destroy the air arm of the Imperial
Japanese Empire, which fortunately collapsed before the skill had to be tested
and, probably, found inadequate.

Nearly all skills, no matter how painstakingly learned, must eventually become
obsolete, leaving once valuable workmen feeling suddenly valueless. The
"downsizing" of American heavy industry and the resulting end of well-paid jobs
in both labor and management is the bad news of our age.

Ditditdit, dahdahdah, ditditdit. Ex-bosses fear ending as burger dispensers.
Nobody needs a perfect Immelmann anymore. What hath God wrought?

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Op-Ed

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              785 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 24, 1986, Monday, Late City Final Edition

CARSON PATCHES UP TORN JET DEFENSE

BYLINE: By GERALD ESKENAZI

SECTION: Section C; Page 6, Column 5; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 978 words

DATELINE: MIAMI


BUD CARSON wears the forlorn look of a defensive coordinator without a defense,
about to go up against Dan Marino and the Dolphins in the Orange Bowl tonight.

There are, in fact, only three Jet starters on defense now who have started
every game this season, and none on the defensive line or in the backfield.

''I have to explain to the new linemen; you can't afford not to go into
detail,'' says Carson. ''We're drawing everything up like it's the first week of
the season, even the things we've been doing week in and week out.''

Bad Memories

Carson recounts all the bad ways Marino took apart his defense when the clubs
met in September, how the rifle-armed quarterback drilled six touchdown passes,
how Carson shuttled defensive backs in and out because no one could do the job.

But what Carson doesn't say is that the Jets won that game, and in fact have won
every game since.

That nine-game streak has produced the National Football League's best record:
10-1. Although Carson belittles his defense, he has somehow helped it to
survive.

Perhaps because he is never happy, always carping, his defenses work. He prefers
not mentioning that the Jets' defense has permitted the fewest rushing yards in
the N.F.L. Instead, he is concerned because it also has yielded the most by
pass.

Depressed by Mehl Injury

This is how Carson thinks of the loss for the year - and probably most of next
year, too - of Lance Mehl:

''When I got through my depression - and I was depressed because I thought that
would cost us the season - it was enough to send you off the deep end. But Troy
Benson came through the next week.''

Mehl, a Pro Bowl linebacker, was injured four games ago. Carson inserted Benson
at inside right linebacker the next game, then Kyle Clifton, then Bob Crable.

Now, Carson has lost his defensive line of Joe Klecko, Marty Lyons and Mark
Gastineau. And it doesn't appear he has a fearsome pass-rusher to bother Marino.

''We couldn't afford to lose the players all at once that we've lost,'' claims
Carson. ''To win a championship, or come close to it, you have to play better
than we're playing.''

Carson doesn't like a bend-but-don't-break philosophy of playing the pass. Joe
Walton hired him as his defensive coordinator because Carson's defenses are
known for their attacking style.

Wants to Pressure Marino

Thus, Carson would rather be able to blitz Marino, or rush him, if he had the
players to do it. Carson believes that simply putting eight defensive backs in
to cover Marino's receivers won't work.

''You've got to rush him to get him out of his rhythm,'' Carson explains. ''If
you give him time, he'll simply find a receiver somewhere even with all your
d.b.'s back there.''

The best pass-rusher available to the Jets as a free agent was Fred Dean, the
former 49er star. But Dean, after trying out last week, wanted $50,000 a game.
That would have given Dean as much money per game as the entire current
defensive line combined. The Jets were offering Dean $15,000 a game.

''Klecko and Marty were invaluable against Marino because they pushed the pocket
back in his face,'' explains Carson. ''They didn't sack him, but they collapsed
the pocket.''

Doubts About Newcomers

Now, speaking of his new designated pass-rushing defensive ends, Jim Stuckey and
Elvis Franks, Carson says, ''Obviously, I have a lot of question marks about who
these guys are.''

Mehl's absence has forced Carson to keep defenses simpler. Mehl, for example,
always made sure the Jets were lined up correctly. And with Mehl in there,
Carson could afford to send in a blitzing defensive back, knowing that the rest
of the defenders would be in the right places to cover for him.

Still, Marino faces a Jet secondary that now seems solidified. Lester Lyles and
Harry Hamilton have played five straight games together as the safeties. Russell
Carter and Jerry Holmes have been the cornerbacks since the first Miami game.
Carson took out Holmes and tried Carl Howard at corner in that game. He also
used Bobby Humphery as the nickel back.

''Marino totally embarrassed us that game,'' recalls Carson. ''Holmes started
with two days of practice after being injured. Clayton killed him. Then Duper
killed Howard, and Clayton and Duper killed Holmes and Humphery.''

Indeed. After that game Holmes seemed in shock as a result of being burned by
the two Marks: Clayton and Duper.

But the secondary has turned into quite a unit. Teams don't post 10-1 records
with no-account secondaries. Lyles has five interceptions, and Johnny Lynn has
added four, helping the Jets to the best takeaway record in the American
Conference: a total of 32, with 15 interceptions and 17 fumble recoveries.

So the defense hasn't simply been holding on because the offense has provided a
big lead. The offense had built those leads in large measure because the defense
gave it the ball.

Of course, that doesn't stop Carson from worrying. The last time the Jets faced
the Dolphins, Marino completed 30 of 50 passes.

''We've got to keep fresh the end of the game,'' says Carson, ''but when they're
throwing 50 times against you, that's when it gets to you.''

FIELDS READY

 The Jets activated Joe Fields, their center, who had missed seven games with a
sprained knee, and cut Bill Bain, the 300-pound offensive lineman they had
picked up as an emergency replacement. That means only one regular offensive
lineman will be missing against the Dolphins: Reggie McElroy, the right tackle,
who has been replaced by Gordon King. . . . The injury report: Johnny Lynn, the
backup safety who has a shoulder injury, was given a 50-50 chance to play; Joe
Klecko was listed as doubtful following knee surgery; Mickey Shuler, the tight
end (back), Russell Carter, the cornerback (hamstring), and Matt Monger, a
backup linebacker (neck), were listed as probable.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              786 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

Tuesday, April 19, 2016: Paul LePage in the Senate, Bernie Sanders and the pope,
a public transit celebration

LENGTH: 1005 words


Egomaniacal leadership


Did I hear the newscaster correctly? Gov. Paul LePage announced that he is
considering running for the U.S. Senate. He is basing his decision on his belief
that he has outperformed Sen. Angus King as governor and would outperform him as
senator. I would love to see his evidence. I don't agree and will share a short
list of my concerns with our governor and his qualifications.


LePage continuously attacks, belittles, threatens and misleads all levels of
citizens throughout Maine. He has yet to provide the state with any positive
results that have been acknowledged by any independent source. He proudly
displays an uncouth and abrasive manner.


He is the perfect model of the playground bully. He demonstrates a lack of
self-control. He is prone to emotional outburst.


I've expounded enough on LePage's character. My real concern for Maine and the
nation is, how long do we allow the egomaniacs to gain leadership positions in
our state and country?


I think I'll turn on the History Channel, watch the old newsreels of Benito
Mussolini and Adolf Hitler, and try to convince myself that it could never
happen again.


Terry McCannell


Pittsfield


Celebrate public transit


Last November, I rode the Community Connector and walked, exclusively. I
continue to do this at least two to three days a week. It is a great way to be
part of the community and support public transit.


On Earth Day, April 22, from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. at Pickering Square in Bangor,
people will have an opportunity to celebrate the Connector, learn from the Bus
Ambassadors how to use the bus system regularly, and participate in lots of
family-friendly activities.


Friends of the bus system, including Community Partnerships for Protecting
Children, Transportation for All and Dignity for All, have been working hard to
make sure that we have an opportunity to see how important it is for all of us
to improve and expand this vital service. Lend your support and join the fun.


Suzanne Kelly


Bangor


A good deal for Maine


The Maine Council of Churches extends its thanks to the state senators and
representatives who voted last week to accept federal health care funds and
improve access to health coverage in Maine. Our nine member denominations,
representing 600 local congregations across the state, applaud efforts to care
for vulnerable and low-income people, and to expand access to cancer screenings,
addiction treatment and rural health services.


Maine is the only state in New England that has not accepted these federal
health care dollars, and neighboring states that have accepted them have seen a
positive impact on their local economy, a decrease in drug-related crime and
cost savings in their state budgets. Accepting these funds and expanding access
to health care is a good deal for Maine, and more importantly, for Mainers in
need.


Rev. Jane Field


Executive director


Maine Council of Churches


Portland


Social work protection


The 127th Maine Legislature considered many social service proposals. One of
those bills was about protecting the safety of Maine social workers.


This bill, LD 1499, is especially important for Maine social workers and their
families, as aspects of this bill will be aimed at protecting the privacy of
these individuals and their families from potentially dangerous situations. As a
graduate social work student at the University of Maine and a social work
advocate, it is important to me that readers understand the parameters of this
bill proposal.


Currently, all home addresses of licensed social workers in Maine are published
on the government's website for the public to view. This bill will ensure that
these home addresses are removed from and are no longer published to a public
forum.


Social workers have challenging jobs, and sometimes those job roles include
being involved in dangerous situations. LD 1499, which will become law after
lawmakers overrode a veto from Gov. Paul LePage, will ensure that Maine social
workers have their home and families protected from any potential dangerous
situations involving disgruntled clients. These are the important reasons why I
and many other graduate students at the UMaine School of Social Work support LD
1499.


Meisha B. Nickerson


Old Town


Capitalism's housecleaning


What Kathleen Parker missed in her April 13 column is that Jesus threw the money
changers out of the temple. Pretty radical. Like Jesus consorting with lepers
and others expelled from decent society.


Bernie Sanders proposes throwing the greed bags out of the Temple of Capitalism.
Housecleaning the lying, cheating and stealing that led to the recent recession,
and to the Great Depression endured by those before us. Sanders and the pope are
on the same page.


The pope condemns "rampant individualism," not individualism itself as Parker
wrongly implies. It's the "rampant" that is condemned by both the pope and
Sanders. The Temple of Capitalism needs a housecleaning now to toss out the
rampant excesses of corporate money managers run amok. Curbing greed for the
common good is not radical. It is simply just.


Anita Siegenthaler


Port Clyde


Chamberlain's role


Most Mainers know something about Joshua Chamberlain, who served as colonel of
the 20th Maine Volunteer Infantry Regiment during the Civil War and then went on
to become governor and then president of Bowdoin College. But did you know he
was born and raised right here in Brewer?


Brewer state Rep. Archie Verow sponsored a measure to call attention to
Chamberlain's role in our state and local history by naming the I-95 northbound
rest area and visitor center in Hampden for him. It's a way to share our area's
heritage with visitors and to direct travelers to local landmarks like
Chamberlain Freedom Park in Brewer, which includes a historically significant
Underground Railroad site.


Brewer Historical Society is pleased to join Verow for a dedication ceremony at
the visitor center at 1 p.m. Friday, April 29. Join us to learn more about our
history and the work we are doing to preserve and share it.


David Hanna


Brewer Historical Society


Brewer


Â

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              787 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

Tuesday, April 19, 2016: Paul LePage in the Senate, Bernie Sanders and the pope,
a public transit celebration

LENGTH: 1005 words


Egomaniacal leadership


Did I hear the newscaster correctly? Gov. Paul LePage announced that he is
considering running for the U.S. Senate. He is basing his decision on his belief
that he has outperformed Sen. Angus King as governor and would outperform him as
senator. I would love to see his evidence. I don't agree and will share a short
list of my concerns with our governor and his qualifications.


LePage continuously attacks, belittles, threatens and misleads all levels of
citizens throughout Maine. He has yet to provide the state with any positive
results that have been acknowledged by any independent source. He proudly
displays an uncouth and abrasive manner.


He is the perfect model of the playground bully. He demonstrates a lack of
self-control. He is prone to emotional outburst.


I've expounded enough on LePage's character. My real concern for Maine and the
nation is, how long do we allow the egomaniacs to gain leadership positions in
our state and country?


I think I'll turn on the History Channel, watch the old newsreels of Benito
Mussolini and Adolf Hitler, and try to convince myself that it could never
happen again.


Terry McCannell


Pittsfield


Celebrate public transit


Last November, I rode the Community Connector and walked, exclusively. I
continue to do this at least two to three days a week. It is a great way to be
part of the community and support public transit.


On Earth Day, April 22, from 11 a.m. to 2 p.m. at Pickering Square in Bangor,
people will have an opportunity to celebrate the Connector, learn from the Bus
Ambassadors how to use the bus system regularly, and participate in lots of
family-friendly activities.


Friends of the bus system, including Community Partnerships for Protecting
Children, Transportation for All and Dignity for All, have been working hard to
make sure that we have an opportunity to see how important it is for all of us
to improve and expand this vital service. Lend your support and join the fun.


Suzanne Kelly


Bangor


A good deal for Maine


The Maine Council of Churches extends its thanks to the state senators and
representatives who voted last week to accept federal health care funds and
improve access to health coverage in Maine. Our nine member denominations,
representing 600 local congregations across the state, applaud efforts to care
for vulnerable and low-income people, and to expand access to cancer screenings,
addiction treatment and rural health services.


Maine is the only state in New England that has not accepted these federal
health care dollars, and neighboring states that have accepted them have seen a
positive impact on their local economy, a decrease in drug-related crime and
cost savings in their state budgets. Accepting these funds and expanding access
to health care is a good deal for Maine, and more importantly, for Mainers in
need.


Rev. Jane Field


Executive director


Maine Council of Churches


Portland


Social work protection


The 127th Maine Legislature considered many social service proposals. One of
those bills was about protecting the safety of Maine social workers.


This bill, LD 1499, is especially important for Maine social workers and their
families, as aspects of this bill will be aimed at protecting the privacy of
these individuals and their families from potentially dangerous situations. As a
graduate social work student at the University of Maine and a social work
advocate, it is important to me that readers understand the parameters of this
bill proposal.


Currently, all home addresses of licensed social workers in Maine are published
on the government's website for the public to view. This bill will ensure that
these home addresses are removed from and are no longer published to a public
forum.


Social workers have challenging jobs, and sometimes those job roles include
being involved in dangerous situations. LD 1499, which will become law after
lawmakers overrode a veto from Gov. Paul LePage, will ensure that Maine social
workers have their home and families protected from any potential dangerous
situations involving disgruntled clients. These are the important reasons why I
and many other graduate students at the UMaine School of Social Work support LD
1499.


Meisha B. Nickerson


Old Town


Capitalism's housecleaning


What Kathleen Parker missed in her April 13 column is that Jesus threw the money
changers out of the temple. Pretty radical. Like Jesus consorting with lepers
and others expelled from decent society.


Bernie Sanders proposes throwing the greed bags out of the Temple of Capitalism.
Housecleaning the lying, cheating and stealing that led to the recent recession,
and to the Great Depression endured by those before us. Sanders and the pope are
on the same page.


The pope condemns "rampant individualism," not individualism itself as Parker
wrongly implies. It's the "rampant" that is condemned by both the pope and
Sanders. The Temple of Capitalism needs a housecleaning now to toss out the
rampant excesses of corporate money managers run amok. Curbing greed for the
common good is not radical. It is simply just.


Anita Siegenthaler


Port Clyde


Chamberlain's role


Most Mainers know something about Joshua Chamberlain, who served as colonel of
the 20th Maine Volunteer Infantry Regiment during the Civil War and then went on
to become governor and then president of Bowdoin College. But did you know he
was born and raised right here in Brewer?


Brewer state Rep. Archie Verow sponsored a measure to call attention to
Chamberlain's role in our state and local history by naming the I-95 northbound
rest area and visitor center in Hampden for him. It's a way to share our area's
heritage with visitors and to direct travelers to local landmarks like
Chamberlain Freedom Park in Brewer, which includes a historically significant
Underground Railroad site.


Brewer Historical Society is pleased to join Verow for a dedication ceremony at
the visitor center at 1 p.m. Friday, April 29. Join us to learn more about our
history and the work we are doing to preserve and share it.


David Hanna


Brewer Historical Society


Brewer


Â

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              788 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           April 26, 2000, Wednesday

THIS ISN'T NAZI GERMANY

BYLINE: John Podhoretz

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 037

LENGTH: 817 words


ALL right, everybody, cool it with the Hitler analogies. Comparing elected
officials and law-enforcement officers here in the United States to the most
evil man in human history and the storm troopers who carried out his will is
disgusting, tasteless, inappropriate and improper. Such comparisons are not only
a libel on those who are unjustly likened to Adolf Hitler; they belittle the
enormity of the Holocaust and the sacrifices made by millions of servicemen to
bring his incarnadine reign to an end.

But those very same analogies were everywhere in evidence this weekend as
Americans reacted with outrage to the raid on Lazaro Gonzalez's house. "I
thought that this was only possible in Hitler's Germany," said Cuban-American
activist Ramon Saul Sanchez. "This is America, not Cuba or Hitler's Nazi
Germany," said Miami Mayor Joe Carollo. Throughout the weekend, signs held up by
crowds in Miami read "Clinton=Hitler" and "Janet Reno Sieg Heil."

The outrage caused by the 5 a.m. raid and the infamous photograph of the federal
marshal brandishing his assault rifle at Elian Gonzalez and his savior,
fisherman Donato Dalrymple, is entirely understandable. The Clinton
administration chose to use American law-enforcement officers to further the
propaganda aims of Fidel Castro, knowing full well that in the past few weeks
the Cuban dictator has made clear his intention to take custody of Elian
Gonzalez away from his father, Juan Miguel, and house the boy in a Havana
reeducation facility far from his father's home in Cardenas.

It could have been different. The administration's actions in this matter were
entirely discretionary - which is to say, the decision to take an active role in
reuniting Elian with Juan Miguel by using marshals and Immigration and
Naturalization Service agents was not a matter of law but a matter of choice.

The government of the United States had no reason to twist itself into a pretzel
doing the bidding of Fidel Castro. But whatever Clinton and Janet Reno did, it
does not merit comparison with Nazi Germany. Or with Stalin's Soviet Union. Or
with Castro's Cuba. In those countries, the house would have been raided and
everybody in it shot. Or arrested and taken to prison for defying the
government. Or worked to death in a concentration camp.

Time was that such analogies were the exclusive province of the America-hating
Left. "Amerika," they called this country during the Vietnam era, and did things
like convene a Nuremberg-like war-crimes tribunal to find the United States
guilty of supposed crimes against humanity for fighting against the totalitarian
threat to humanity posed by the USSR and its satellites.

More recently, right here in New York, the leftist enemies of Rudy Giuliani have
disgraced themselves with their repulsive renderings of the mayor wearing a
Hitler moustache. It was, therefore, profoundly unfortunate that Giuliani
himself would stoop to using such an analogy himself by calling the federal
marshals who staged the raid on Lazaro Gonzalez's house "storm troopers."

Ever since the waning days of the Cold War, the Right has gotten in on the
Nazi-analogy action. It began in 1990, when conservative opponents of the Gulf
War organized themselves into a group they charmingly called "the Committee to
Avert a Mideast Holocaust."

Matters worsened immeasurably when Bill Clinton took office. In 1995, after
botched raids in Waco and Ruby Ridge cost scores of lives, Wayne LaPierre of the
National Rifle Association sent out a fund-raising letter in which he called
agents of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms "jackbooted thugs ...
wearing Nazi bucket helmets and storm trooper uniforms." That slander caused
former President George Bush to resign his lifetime NRA membership.

On Sunday, Sen. Bob Smith (R-N.H.) said much the same thing about the officers
and marshals who raided the Gonzalez house. Wrong. They were just doing the job
with which they had been tasked - to remove Elian from the premises quickly and
safely - and they did what they had to do. The choice was Bill Clinton's, not
theirs.

The president and the Democrats think they may have scored a political success
with their raid. Fine. They will also have to suffer the consequences that will
result from a reunified Republican base, bound by the anti-Communist glue that
held the conservative movement together for 40 years.

But Republicans and conservatives have to be careful as well, because their
reckless use of the Nazi analogy will give Democrats an opportunity to sound
more responsible than Republicans. Al Gore can follow Hillary Clinton's example
- she took Giuliani to task for his "storm trooper" remark - by getting to the
right of the Right, scoring GOP leaders for what he can deem their
anti-Americanism.

What shall it profit a party if it gain Florida but lose the nation?

E-mail: podhoretz@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              789 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           April 26, 2000, Wednesday

THIS ISN'T NAZI GERMANY

BYLINE: John Podhoretz

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 037

LENGTH: 817 words


ALL right, everybody, cool it with the Hitler analogies. Comparing elected
officials and law-enforcement officers here in the United States to the most
evil man in human history and the storm troopers who carried out his will is
disgusting, tasteless, inappropriate and improper. Such comparisons are not only
a libel on those who are unjustly likened to Adolf Hitler; they belittle the
enormity of the Holocaust and the sacrifices made by millions of servicemen to
bring his incarnadine reign to an end.

But those very same analogies were everywhere in evidence this weekend as
Americans reacted with outrage to the raid on Lazaro Gonzalez's house. "I
thought that this was only possible in Hitler's Germany," said Cuban-American
activist Ramon Saul Sanchez. "This is America, not Cuba or Hitler's Nazi
Germany," said Miami Mayor Joe Carollo. Throughout the weekend, signs held up by
crowds in Miami read "Clinton=Hitler" and "Janet Reno Sieg Heil."

The outrage caused by the 5 a.m. raid and the infamous photograph of the federal
marshal brandishing his assault rifle at Elian Gonzalez and his savior,
fisherman Donato Dalrymple, is entirely understandable. The Clinton
administration chose to use American law-enforcement officers to further the
propaganda aims of Fidel Castro, knowing full well that in the past few weeks
the Cuban dictator has made clear his intention to take custody of Elian
Gonzalez away from his father, Juan Miguel, and house the boy in a Havana
reeducation facility far from his father's home in Cardenas.

It could have been different. The administration's actions in this matter were
entirely discretionary - which is to say, the decision to take an active role in
reuniting Elian with Juan Miguel by using marshals and Immigration and
Naturalization Service agents was not a matter of law but a matter of choice.

The government of the United States had no reason to twist itself into a pretzel
doing the bidding of Fidel Castro. But whatever Clinton and Janet Reno did, it
does not merit comparison with Nazi Germany. Or with Stalin's Soviet Union. Or
with Castro's Cuba. In those countries, the house would have been raided and
everybody in it shot. Or arrested and taken to prison for defying the
government. Or worked to death in a concentration camp.

Time was that such analogies were the exclusive province of the America-hating
Left. "Amerika," they called this country during the Vietnam era, and did things
like convene a Nuremberg-like war-crimes tribunal to find the United States
guilty of supposed crimes against humanity for fighting against the totalitarian
threat to humanity posed by the USSR and its satellites.

More recently, right here in New York, the leftist enemies of Rudy Giuliani have
disgraced themselves with their repulsive renderings of the mayor wearing a
Hitler moustache. It was, therefore, profoundly unfortunate that Giuliani
himself would stoop to using such an analogy himself by calling the federal
marshals who staged the raid on Lazaro Gonzalez's house "storm troopers."

Ever since the waning days of the Cold War, the Right has gotten in on the
Nazi-analogy action. It began in 1990, when conservative opponents of the Gulf
War organized themselves into a group they charmingly called "the Committee to
Avert a Mideast Holocaust."

Matters worsened immeasurably when Bill Clinton took office. In 1995, after
botched raids in Waco and Ruby Ridge cost scores of lives, Wayne LaPierre of the
National Rifle Association sent out a fund-raising letter in which he called
agents of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms "jackbooted thugs ...
wearing Nazi bucket helmets and storm trooper uniforms." That slander caused
former President George Bush to resign his lifetime NRA membership.

On Sunday, Sen. Bob Smith (R-N.H.) said much the same thing about the officers
and marshals who raided the Gonzalez house. Wrong. They were just doing the job
with which they had been tasked - to remove Elian from the premises quickly and
safely - and they did what they had to do. The choice was Bill Clinton's, not
theirs.

The president and the Democrats think they may have scored a political success
with their raid. Fine. They will also have to suffer the consequences that will
result from a reunified Republican base, bound by the anti-Communist glue that
held the conservative movement together for 40 years.

But Republicans and conservatives have to be careful as well, because their
reckless use of the Nazi analogy will give Democrats an opportunity to sound
more responsible than Republicans. Al Gore can follow Hillary Clinton's example
- she took Giuliani to task for his "storm trooper" remark - by getting to the
right of the Right, scoring GOP leaders for what he can deem their
anti-Americanism.

What shall it profit a party if it gain Florida but lose the nation?

E-mail: podhoretz@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              790 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                            March 23, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Downie ignites playoff fire: Spitfires winger belittles Greyhounds before
Friday's opener

BYLINE: Jim Parker, Windsor Star

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 349  words


Steve Downie tossed playoff etiquette out the window.

Wearing a multi-coloured haircut like many of his Windsor Spitfires teammates
Tuesday and with the playoff series opener set for Friday in Sault Ste. Marie,
Downie became bulletin board fodder for the Greyhounds.

Downie referred to some members of the Greyhounds as "meatheads" and said he
told a couple more to "beat it kids" when they challenged him to fight in
Friday's regular season finale in Sault Ste. Marie.

"You've got to stir the pot," Downie said with a smile Tuesday.

With his tradition of being one of the last players off the ice, Downie also had
the fans stirred up in Sault Ste. Marie.

"They were all over me," Downie said. "I like that. It makes me play harder."

Spitfires head coach Dave Prpich simply shrugged his shoulders at Downie.

"I can't control him," Prpich said.

As much as playoffs are a time of tradition, the post-season is also a time when
stars are born.

Downie could be a goat or he could tip the scales in Windsor's favour.

"Downie's feisty and he plays on the edge," Greyhounds head coach Craig
Hartsburg said. "He's a player every team would like to have and we have to play
smart around him."

It's a point Hartsburg has stressed to his players.

"He knows how to get underneath a guy's skin," Greyhounds captain Jeff Carter
said.

Downie is more than just an instigator though. He finished tied for second in
team scoring with 73 points in 61 games and topped the club in assists with 52.
He also led the team in penalty minutes with 179, which put him among the league
leaders.

Keeping cool

Downie said keeping his cool in a best-of-seven series will be the challenge.

"It's going to be tough playing that many games in that many days," he said.

But he also knows he can be a difference maker.

"I did in minor hockey," he said.

Now, he wants to be the positive difference as Windsor tries to advance to the
second round for the first time since 2002.

"Everyone's hoping they can be the difference," Downie said.

"It's all about how hard you work and what you're willing to do."

jparker@thestar.canwest.com or 255-5777 ext. 413

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              791 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                 The Irish News

                             April 26, 2016 Tuesday

Opinion - Catholic Church must blame itself, not media

BYLINE: Fionnuala O Connor

SECTION: Pg. 20

LENGTH: 781 words


Nuala O'Loan knows how an organisation protects its own and belittles accusers.
She knows all about institutional cover-up, having skilfully unmasked precisely
that in policing here. In return she took insults and threats but media comment
was a strong ally. So it is sad to see her in a recent university conference
attacking Irish media treatment of the Catholic Church - in a bizarre location.

Boston: scene of this year's vivid Oscar-winning Spotlight, on the local
Church's handling of paedophile priests over many years. The media failing there
was not exposing the crimes decades earlier, despite having considerable
evidence. Boston-Irish Catholic communal identification, plus fear and awe of
the overweening Cardinal Bernard Law, trumped honesty, and the press duty to
challenge power. When at last the media did their duty the Pope's response was
to bring Law to Rome, giving him charge of the prestigious Basilica di Santa
Maria Maggiore.

At the Boston College conference on April 16 with O'Loan, as well as Archbishop
Diarmuid Martin, Irish Times religious affairs correspondent Patsy McGarry and
others, was Marie Collins - the only panellist without a title in the programme.
Collins's abuse as a child by a hospital chaplain, a priest, is one of the many
stories the Church has been unable to permanently silence. But it took years for
her to go public, still clinging to her own faith, and the Vatican-launched
commission she agreed to join is taking an age to begin work; something reported
recently by McGarry, who has written extensively about the clerical paedophile
scandal.

The conference was called Faith in the Future; Religion in Ireland in the 21st
century. O'Loan in a general blast at the Irish media complained specifically of
McGarry's paper. A 'country in which the media was once sympathetic to the
Catholic Church is now aggressively hostile.' Journalists seemed on occasions to
have abandoned careful language in favour of wild assertions which encouraged
virulent anti-Catholicism. 'For the most part people do not challenge some of
the wilder statements, such as those about paedophile priests or widespread
savagery in Catholic schools, possibly because they do not want to be seen to do
so.'

They were right, she said, to think it could be dangerous. During the same sex
marriage campaign 'people like (columnists) Breda O'Brien and David Quinn were
repeatedly and viciously attacked for proclaiming views which are consistent
with Church teaching. Blessed are the persecuted!'

This is one way of tackling accusations long since impossible to rubbish
effectively. Imputing malice to the media substitutes for denigrating the
accusers, which even the most resolute, most in- denial Church defender can
usually hear as no longer persuasive, or decent.

O'Loan did acknowledge that it was the media which ultimately forced Church and
state to begin dealing with child sexual abuse. But it had then become 'open
season ... the victim had to be believed, so the priest must be lying. Some
were, but some weren't ... Men who had done no wrong were not, and in some cases
still are not properly treated during the period of investigation.'

Indeed the media did get some things wrong, hardly surprising given the global
determination to conceal and silence. O'Loan chose the glaring example of trial
by television of the 2011 RTE Prime Time programme, an almost wilfully careless
and unprofessional production which said a missionary priest in Kenya had made
an adolescent girl pregnant. DNA testing proved he was not the father of her
child. RTE paid massive damages. Father Kevin Reynolds returned to ministry.

Looking back, as many if not more media mistakes were in refusing as in Boston
to see patterns, failing to listen properly to inarticulate allegations by
traumatised, often poor and isolated victims up against a powerful institution.
One of the ugliest Catholic defences is that the Church's collusion with abuse
is no different from that of other organisations, priest abusers no worse than
others. A priest's standing in society enabled abuse - to put it very mildly.

The Catholic Church concealed crimes of abuse in a calculated, prolonged,
repeated, global way, shuffled priests they knew to be a danger to different
parishes, dioceses, countries, in effect exposing fresh batches of children to
cruel harm, from Brendan Smyth, among others. Church moral authority has been
greatly damaged, in Ireland and elsewhere. The Church lost respect by its own
behaviour. Its defenders should blame first and most the paedophile priests, and
the bishops and cardinals who so shamefully failed to deal with them. They owe a
debt to serious media investigators.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The Irish News Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              792 of 996 DOCUMENTS


           Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Florida)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 19, 2014 Friday

Boyles scolds Gaetz for comment

BYLINE: Kari C. Barlow, Northwest Florida Daily News, Fort Walton Beach

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 513 words


Dec. 19--Three months into his fight to restore accountability in Okaloosa
County, state Rep. Matt Gaetz is being scolded as a bully.

Okaloosa County Commissioner Nathan Boyles on Friday took Gaetz to task for a
comment he made to a constituent on the Daily News website.

"Leaders, the good ones at least, don't bully, they don't belittle and they
don't demean those around them," Boyles wrote in his regular monthly newsletter.

"Good leaders lead by example. Good leaders build consensus. Good leaders stick
to the issues."

Boyles' commentary made the rounds Friday and was also included in an email
blast from the Okaloosa County Democrats.

The dust-up began when Steven Menchel posted a question to Gaetz under a Daily
News story about Gaetz' new accountability agenda. Menchel asked why a $3
million overcharge by the state Department of Juvenile Justice wasn't included.

In Gaetz's online response to Menchel, he said the DJJ overcharge wasn't a top
priority and then referenced Menchel's two previous unsuccessful runs for
Okaloosa County Sheriff.

"Steve -- That idea was posted on the website. It got even fewer votes than you
did in your last two runs for public office," Gaetz replied.

When contacted Friday afternoon, Gaetz said he hadn't seen Boyles' newsletter.

After reading it, he was unapologetic.

"This'll be the most press Steve gets after running for office two times," he
said. "Steve ought to be thrilled to get so much press coverage."

Menchel said Friday he still wants an answer to his original question.

"The response to my Facebook post from Representative Gaetz was childish and did
not answer my question," he said.

Boyles defended his reprimand of Gaetz, stressing that public discourse must
remain polite and free of personal insults.

"For me, it's very important, and I will insist any time I'm going to be
involved in the public debate that that public debate be about the issues,"
Boyles said.

"At the end of the day, that's all our constituents care about."

MATT GAETZ'S NINE ITEMS

These are the nine items the Accountability Okaloosa initiative identified as
being the most critical facing Okaloosa County:

--Build consensus around the construction and location of a new Brooks Bridge

--Implement all TDC audit recommendations

--Support our military installations through community partnerships

--Use TDC funds to offset costs created by tourists

--Mandatory restitution for corrupt public officials

--Achieve the highest percentage of A schools in Florida

--Support a trauma center in Okaloosa County to stop our acute patients from
being flown to Pensacola

--Empower local charities and nonprofits to help the vulnerable

--Military and retired military IDs should be acceptable identification for
obtaining Florida ID cards and driver licenses

Contact Daily News Staff Writer Kari C. Barlow at 850-315-4438 or
kbarlow@nwfdailynews.com Follow her on Twitter @KariBnwfdn.

___ (c)2014 the Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Fla.) Visit the
Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Fla.) at www.nwfdailynews.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141219-FO-Boyles-scolds-Gaetz-for-comment-1219-20141219

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FO


                  Copyright 2014 Northwest Florida Daily News


                              793 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Guardian Weekly

                             August 15, 2014 Friday

Guardian Weekly: How big data will belittle democracy: Evgeny Morozov explains
why information collected from our ever-smarter devices can only measure
effects, not deal with causes

BYLINE: Evgeny Morozov, Observer

SECTION: Pg. 26

LENGTH: 3255 words


On 24 August 1965 Gloria Placente, a 34-year-old resident of Queens, New York,
was driving to Orchard Beach in the Bronx. Clad in shorts and sunglasses, the
housewife was looking forward to quiet time at the beach. But the moment she
crossed the Willis Avenue bridge in her Chevrolet Corvair, Placente was
surrounded by a dozen patrolmen. There were also 125 reporters, eager to witness
the launch of New York police department's Operation Corral - an acronym for
Computer Oriented Retrieval of Auto Larcenists.

Fifteen months earlier, Placente had driven through a red light and neglected to
answer the summons, an offence that Corral was going to punish with a heavy dose
of techno-Kafkaesque. It worked as follows: a police car stationed at one end of
the bridge radioed the licence plates of oncoming cars to a teletypist far away,
who fed them to a Univac 490 computer, an expensive $500,000 toy ($3.5m in
today's dollars) on loan from the Sperry Rand Corporation. The computer checked
the numbers against a database of 110,000 cars that were either stolen or
belonged to known offenders. In case of a match the teletypist would alert a
second patrol car at the bridge's other exit. It took, on average, just seven
seconds.

Compared with the impressive police gear of today - automatic number plate
recognition, CCTV cameras, GPS trackers - Operation Corral looks quaint. And the
possibilities for control will only expand. European officials have considered
requiring all cars entering the European market to feature a built-in mechanism
that allows the police to stop vehicles remotely. Speaking earlier this year,
Jim Farley, a senior Ford executive, acknowledged that "we know everyone who
breaks the law, we know when you're doing it. We have GPS in your car, so we
know what you're doing. By the way, we don't supply that data to anyone." That
last bit didn't sound very reassuring and Farley retracted his remarks.

The car is emblematic of transformations in many other domains, from smart
environments for "ambient assisted living" where carpets and walls detect that
someone has fallen, to various masterplans for the smart city, where municipal
services dispatch resources only to those areas that need them. Thanks to
sensors and internet connectivity, the most banal everyday objects have acquired
tremendous power to regulate behaviour. Even public toilets are ripe for
sensor-based optimisation: the Safeguard Germ Alarm, a smart soap dispenser
developed by Procter & Gamble and used in some public WCs in the Philippines,
has sensors monitoring the doors of each stall. Once you leave the stall, the
alarm starts ringing - and can only be stopped by a push of the soap-dispensing
button.

In this context, Google's latest plan to push its Android operating system on to
smart watches, smart cars, smart thermostats and, one suspects, smart
everything, looks rather ominous. In the near future, Google will be the
middleman standing between you and your fridge, you and your car, you and your
rubbish bin, allowing the National Security Agency to satisfy its data addiction
in bulk and via a single window.

This "smartification" of everyday life follows a familiar pattern: there's
primary data - a list of what's in your smart fridge and your bin - and metadata
- a log of how often you open either of these things or when they communicate
with one another. Both produce interesting insights: cue smart mattresses - one
recent model promises to track respiration and heart rates and how much you move
during the night - and smart utensils that provide nutritional advice.

In addition to making our lives more efficient, this smart world also presents
us with an exciting political choice. If so much of our everyday behaviour is
already captured, analysed and nudged, why stick with unempirical approaches to
regulation? Why rely on laws when one has sensors and feedback mechanisms? If
policy interventions are to be - to use the buzzwords of the day -
"evidence-based" and "results-oriented", technology is here to help.

This new type of governance has a name: algorithmic regulation. In as much as
Silicon Valley has a political programme, this is it. Tim O'Reilly, an
influential technology publisher, venture capitalist and ideas man (he is to
blame for popularising the term "web 2.0") has been its most enthusiastic
promoter. In a recent essay that lays out his reasoning, O'Reilly makes an
intriguing case for the virtues of algorithmic regulation - a case that deserves
close scrutiny both for what it promises policymakers and the simplistic
assumptions it makes about politics, democracy and power.

To see algorithmic regulation at work, look no further than the spam filter in
your email. Instead of confining itself to a narrow definition of spam, the
email filter has its users teach it. Even Google can't write rules to cover all
the ingenious innovations of professional spammers. What it can do, though, is
teach the system what makes a good rule and spot when it's time to find another
rule for finding a good rule - and so on. An algorithm can do this, but it's the
constant real-time feedback from its users that allows the system to counter
threats never envisioned by its designers.

In his essay, O'Reilly draws broader philosophical lessons from such
technologies, arguing that they work because they rely on "a deep understanding
of the desired outcome" (spam is bad!) and periodically check if the algorithms
are actually working as expected (are too many legitimate emails ending up
marked as spam?).

O'Reilly presents such technologies as novel and unique - we are living through
a digital revolution after all - but the principle behind "algorithmic
regulation" would be familiar to the founders of cybernetics - a discipline
that, even in its name (it means "the science of governance") hints at its great
regulatory ambitions. This principle, which allows the system to maintain its
stability by constantly learning and adapting itself to the changing
circumstances, is what the British psychiatrist Ross Ashby, one of the fathers
of cybernetics, called "ultrastability".

To illustrate it, Ashby designed the homeostat. This device consisted of four
interconnected RAF bomb control units - mysterious looking black boxes with lots
of knobs and switches - that were sensitive to voltage fluctuations. If one unit
stopped working properly - say, because of an unexpected external disturbance -
the other three would rewire and regroup themselves, compensating for its
malfunction and keeping the system's overall output stable.

Like the spam filter, it didn't have to specify all the possible disturbances -
only the conditions for how and when it must be updated and redesigned. This is
no trivial departure from how the usual technical systems, with their rigid,
if-then rules, operate: suddenly, there's no need to develop procedures for
governing every contingency, for - or so one hopes - algorithms and real-time,
immediate feedback can do a better job than inflexible rules out of touch with
reality.

Algorithmic regulation could certainly make the administration of existing laws
more efficient. If it can fight credit-card fraud, why not tax fraud? Italian
bureaucrats have experimented with the redditometro, or income meter, a tool for
comparing people's spending patterns - recorded thanks to an arcane Italian law
- with their declared income, so that authorities know when you spend more than
you earn. Spain has expressed interest in a similar tool.

Such systems, however, are toothless against the real culprits of tax evasion -
the super-rich families who profit from various offshoring schemes or simply
write outrageous tax exemptions into the law. Algorithmic regulation is perfect
for enforcing the austerity agenda while leaving those responsible for the
fiscal crisis off the hook. To understand whether such systems are working as
expected, we need to modify O'Reilly's question: for whom are they working? If
it's just the tax-evading plutocrats, the global financial institutions
interested in balanced national budgets and the companies developing
income-tracking software, then it's hardly a democratic success.

With his belief that algorithmic regulation is based on "a deep understanding of
the desired outcome", O'Reilly cunningly disconnects the means of doing politics
from its ends. But the how of politics is as important as the what of politics -
in fact, the former often shapes the latter. Everybody agrees that education,
health, and security are all "desired outcomes", but how do we achieve them? In
the past, when we faced the stark political choice of delivering them through
the market or the state, the lines of the ideological debate were clear. Today,
when the presumed choice is between the digital and the analog or between the
dynamic feedback and the static law, that ideological clarity is gone - as if
the very choice of how to achieve those "desired outcomes" was apolitical and
didn't force us to choose between different and often incompatible visions of
communal living.

By assuming that the utopian world of infinite feedback loops is so efficient
that it transcends politics, the proponents of algorithmic regulation fall into
the same trap as the technocrats of the past. Yes, these systems are
terrifyingly efficient - in the same way that Singapore is terrifyingly
efficient (O'Reilly, unsurprisingly, praises Singapore for its embrace of
algorithmic regulation). And while Singapore's leaders might believe that they,
too, have transcended politics, it doesn't mean that their regime cannot be
assessed outside the linguistic swamp of efficiency and innovation - by using
political, not economic, benchmarks.

As Silicon Valley keeps corrupting our language with its endless glorification
of disruption and efficiency - concepts at odds with the vocabulary of democracy
- our ability to question the "how" of politics is weakened. Silicon Valley's
default answer to the how of politics is what I call solutionism: problems are
to be dealt with via apps, sensors and feedback loops - all provided by
startups. Earlier this year Google's Eric Schmidt even promised that startups
would provide the solution to the problem of economic inequality: the latter, it
seems, can also be "disrupted". And where the innovators and the disruptors
lead, the bureaucrats follow.

The intelligence services embraced solutionism before other government agencies.
Thus, they reduced the topic of terrorism from a subject that had some
connection to history and foreign policy to an informational problem of
identifying emerging terrorist threats via constant surveillance. They urged
citizens to accept that instability is part of the game, that its root causes
are neither traceable nor reparable, that the threat can only be pre-empted by
out-innovating and out-surveilling the enemy with better communications.

Speaking in Athens last November, the Italian philosopher Giorgio Agamben
discussed an epochal transformation in the idea of government, "whereby the
traditional hierarchical relation between causes and effects is inverted, so
that, instead of governing the causes - a difficult and expensive undertaking -
governments simply try to govern the effects".

For Agamben, this shift is emblematic of modernity. It also explains why the
liberalisation of the economy can co-exist with the growing proliferation of
control - by means of soap dispensers and remotely managed cars - into everyday
life. "If government aims for the effects and not the causes, it will be obliged
to extend and multiply control. Causes demand to be known, while effects can
only be checked and controlled." Algorithmic regulation is an enactment of this
political programme in technological form.

However, a politics without politics does not mean a politics without control or
administration. As O'Reilly writes in his essay: "New technologies make it
possible to reduce the amount of regulation while actually increasing the amount
of oversight and production of desirable outcomes." Thus, it's a mistake to
think that Silicon Valley wants to rid us of government institutions. Its dream
state is not the small government of libertarians - a small state, after all,
needs neither fancy gadgets nor massive servers to process the data - but the
data-obsessed and data-obese state of behavioural economists.

Cash-strapped governments welcome such colonisation by technologists -
especially if it helps to identify and clean up datasets that can be profitably
sold to companies who need such data for advertising purposes. Recent clashes
over the sale of student and health data in the UK are just a precursor of
battles to come: after all state assets have been privatised, data is the next
target. For O'Reilly, open data is "a key enabler of the measurement
revolution".

This "measurement revolution" seeks to quantify the efficiency of various social
programmes, as if the rationale behind the social nets that some of them provide
was to achieve perfection of delivery. The actual rationale, of course, was to
enable a fulfilling life by suppressing certain anxieties, so that citizens can
pursue their life projects relatively undisturbed. This vision did spawn a vast
bureaucratic apparatus and the critics of the welfare state from the left - most
prominently Michel Foucault - were right to question its disciplining
inclinations. Nonetheless, neither perfection nor efficiency were the "desired
outcome" of this system. Thus, to compare the welfare state with the algorithmic
state on those grounds is misleading.

But we can compare their respective visions for human fulfilment - and the role
they assign to markets and the state. Silicon Valley's offer is clear: thanks to
ubiquitous feedback loops, we can all become entrepreneurs and take care of our
own affairs! As Brian Chesky, the chief executive of Airbnb, told the Atlantic
last year, "What happens when everybody is a brand? When everybody has a
reputation? Every person can become an entrepreneur."

Under this vision, we will all code (for America!) in the morning, drive Uber
cars in the afternoon, and rent out our kitchens as restaurants - courtesy of
Airbnb - in the evening. As O'Reilly writes of Uber and similar companies,
"these services ask every passenger to rate their driver (and drivers to rate
their passenger). Drivers who provide poor service are eliminated. Reputation
does a better job of ensuring a superb customer experience than any amount of
government regulation."

Admiring the reputation models of Uber and Airbnb, O'Reilly wants governments to
be "adopting them where there are no demonstrable ill effects". But what counts
as an "ill effect" and how to demonstrate it is a key question that belongs to
the how of politics that algorithmic regulation wants to suppress. It's easy to
demonstrate "ill effects" if the goal of regulation is efficiency but what if it
is something else?

The imperative to evaluate and demonstrate "results" and "effects" already
presupposes that the goal of policy is the optimisation of efficiency. However,
as long as democracy is irreducible to a formula, its composite values will
always lose this battle: they are much harder to quantify.

For Silicon Valley, though, the reputation-

obsessed algorithmic state of the sharing economy is the new welfare state. If
you are honest and hardworking, your online reputation would reflect this,
producing a highly personalised social net. It is "ultrastable" in Ashby's
sense: while the welfare state assumes the existence of specific social evils it
tries to fight, the algorithmic state makes no such assumptions.

What, then, is the progressive alternative? "The enemy of my enemy is my friend"
doesn't work here: just because Silicon Valley is attacking the welfare state
doesn't mean that progressives should defend it to the very last bullet (or
tweet). First, even leftist governments have limited space for fiscal
manoeuvres, as the kind of discretionary spending

required to modernise the welfare state would never be approved by the global
financial markets. And it's the ratings agencies and bond markets - not the
voters - who are in charge today.

Second, the leftist critique of the welfare state has become only more relevant
today when the exact borderlines between welfare and security are so blurry.
When Google's Android powers so much of our everyday life, the government's
temptation to govern us through remotely controlled cars and alarm-operated soap
dispensers will be all too great. This will expand government's hold over areas
of life previously free from regulation.

With so much data, the government's favourite argument in fighting terror - if
only the citizens knew as much as we do, they too would impose all these legal
exceptions - easily extends to other domains, from health to climate change.

Perhaps, the case of Gloria Placente and her failed trip to the beach was not
just a historical oddity but an early omen of how real-time computing, combined
with ubiquitous communication technologies, would transform the state. One of
the few people to have heeded that omen was a little-known American advertising
executive called Robert MacBride, who pushed the logic behind Operation Corral
to its ultimate conclusions in his unjustly

neglected 1967 book, The Automated State.

At the time, America was debating the merits of establishing a national data
centre to aggregate various national statistics and make it available to
government agencies. MacBride attacked his contemporaries' inability to see how
the state would exploit the metadata accrued as everything was being
computerised. Instead of "a large scale, up-to-date Austro-Hungarian empire",
modern computer systems would produce "a bureaucracy of almost celestial
capacity" that can "discern and define relationships in a manner which no human
bureaucracy could ever hope to do".

What, then, is to be done? Technophobia is no solution. Progressives need
technologies that would stick with the spirit, if not the institutional form, of
the welfare state, preserving its commitment to creating ideal conditions for
human flourishing. Even some ultrastability is welcome. Stability was a laudable
goal of the welfare state before it had encountered a trap: in specifying the
exact protections that the state was to offer against the excesses of
capitalism, it could not easily deflect new, previously unspecified forms of
exploitation.

How do we build welfarism that is both decentralised and ultrastable? A form of
guaranteed basic income - whereby some welfare services are replaced by direct
cash transfers to citizens - fits the two criteria.

Creating the right conditions for the emergence of political communities around
causes and issues they deem relevant would be another good step. Full compliance
with the principle of ultrastability dictates that such issues cannot be
anticipated or dictated from above and must be left unspecified.

What can be specified is the kind of communications infrastructure needed to
abet this cause: it should be free to use, hard to track, and open to new,
subversive uses. Silicon Valley's existing infrastructure is great for
fulfilling the needs of the state, not of self-organising citizens. It can, of
course, be redeployed for activist causes - and it often is - but there's no
reason to accept the status quo as either ideal or inevitable. Observer

Evgeny Morozov is the author of To Save Everything, Click Here: Technology,
Solutionism, and the Urge to Fix Problems That Don't Exist

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              794 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           October 16, 2008 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

DON'T LET ECONOMY PUT YOUR RELATIONSHIP INTO A BEAR MARKET

SECTION: CHARM; Pg. 3E

LENGTH: 303 words


It's natural for couples to be on edge about their jobs, rising gas prices,
tumbling stocks and the long-term impact of the Wall Street woes, experts say.
That stress can bleed into relationships. But here's where couples can run into
trouble -- when they direct their rage toward each other.

"My number one piece of advice: Don't blame or your belittle your spouse," says
David Woodsfellow, an Atlanta psychologist specializing in couples therapy.
"Remember, you are on the same team."

Woodsfellow acknowledges one spouse may feel bitter about another spouse's
financial decision. But to harp on it, he says, is not helpful.

"You don't want to say things like, 'If only we didn't go with the adjustable
rate' or 'If only you didn't put all that money in stocks,'" Woodsfellow says.
"What you need to do is focus on what you can do now."

And while it's understandable to be upset and feel the need to vent, Woodsfellow
warns couples to keep tabs on their temper.

If the conversation gets overheated, call for a 30-minute time out.

It's not always easy.

At the Berean Christian Church, a 5,000-member congregation in Stone Mountain,
Ga., about 25 couples have split up in recent months, due, at least in part, to
economic stress, estimates Joyce Morley-Ball, an Atlanta therapist who counsels
couples at the church.

Morley-Ball says it's important for couples to resist the urge to pull away
during a crisis situation and to openly talk about their thoughts and fears.

And during rough spells, she suggests couples check in with each other more
often, as many as three times a day during the workday.

"You want to be supportive," Morley-Ball says. "And you want to say, 'We are in
this together.'"

She counsels couples to think before they speak and actively listen to each
other.

-- Helena Oliviero,

Palm Beach Post-Cox News Service

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              795 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                             April 18, 2008 Friday
                                 SOONER EDITION

BUMP ON THE ROAD;
SEN. SPECTER GIRDS FOR BATTLE AGAIN ON HODGKIN'S

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. B-6

LENGTH: 249 words


The announcement this week that Pennsylvania Sen. Arlen Specter has been
afflicted again by Hodgkin's disease, which he seemed to have beaten back in
2005, seems a cruel trick of fate. He has recently been promoting his book:
"Never Give In: Battling Cancer in the Senate."

But more battling does not mean despair and it does not belittle Sen. Specter's
fighting spirit that got him over the first challenge and puts him in good shape
to meet this latest one. Indeed, his attitude seems as positive as ever. "I
consider this just another bump on the road to a successful recovery from
Hodgkin's ... ," he said in a statement. He expects to be able to continue
performing all the duties of his office.

This is more than mere bravado. His oncologist, Dr. John H. Glick of the
Abramson Cancer Center of the University of Pennsylvania, gives the senator an
"excellent chance of again achieving a complete remission" and says he is in
superb physical condition with no symptoms of disease. This is encouraging news.

As Sen. Specter starts a 12-week course of chemotherapy, Pennsylvanians will
take heart that the fighter is back with more than a fighting chance. In five
terms in the Senate, the Philadelphia Republican has often been a voice of
moderation and reason and has earned the respect of not only his colleagues but
also the folks back home, regardless of political affiliation. We are confident
that they share our wish for his continued good health.

Keep battling, senator. We know you can do it.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              796 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            November 5, 2007 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Bly gets revenge on trash-talker The Lions' Williams belittles the tackle by the
Broncos cornerback.

BYLINE: Mike Klis The Denver Post

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E-03

LENGTH: 245 words


DETROIT - As his motor-mouthed buddy was coming around on a reverse, Dré Bly
knew he was about to get his revenge.

Earlier this week, Detroit Lions receiver Roy Williams had called Bly, his
former teammate, "a no-hitter." Williams was insulting Bly's tackling abilities.

"Isn't that a term in baseball, a no-hitter?" Williams told the Detroit media on
Thursday. "He's a no-hitter. If (running back) Kevin Jones ran at him, 10 out of
10 times, Dré is going to miss the tackle."

Only now it was Williams running at him. With 39 seconds left in the first
quarter, the Lions gave Williams the ball on a reverse, left to right. A
blitzing Bly was waiting. Upon contact, Williams went down with an 8-yard loss.
Bly got up and pantomimed a baseball swing.

There's one hit, Roy. Not that Williams would concede defeat, not when his team
just beat Bly's Broncos 44-7.

"He was there, but I should have known he wasn't going to hit me," Williams
said. "I should have jumped over him or stiff-armed him. He didn't hit me. He
just laid in front of me, and I kind of slid backwards."

Bly took issue with Williams' characterization of his tackle on the reverse.

"He said I didn't hit him?" Bly said. "I hit his butt."

Otherwise, Bly downplayed Williams' pregame talk as gamesmanship.

``Roy and I are pretty good friends,'' Bly said. ``It was just him
trash-talking. What I do, cover corner, not too many guys can do what I do. We
were out there competing. It was just him talking a little trash.''

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              797 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                              July 8, 2007 Sunday
                    F1 Edition; F2 Edition; McHenry Edition

SECTION: NEWS; Fence Post; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 544 words


Teams, kids don't need these adults

This past week, I had the pleasure of coaching my minor league baseball team in
our tournament. Unfortunately, we came up short in the championship to a very
good team of young men and coaches who left it all on the field and were
terrific sports during and after the game.

Ninety-nine percent of the coaches, selfless volunteers and well-mannered
parents who came out to enjoy the competition and socializing got to see a great
example of hard effort and good baseball on a great summer day.

This letter is to address the 1 percent that feels it is their right to belittle
and boo 9- and 10-year-old players from the other teams and verbally abuse 12-
and 13-year-old volunteer umpires.

They somehow manage to take what is supposed to be a fun, learning experience
for children and make it into their own personal battle field, all in order to
compensate for whatever they didn't get as youths or are still searching for as
adults.

They embarrassed themselves and their kids. As a coach of young kids, I find it
hard to ask them to act like adults when the adults around them act like
children.

As we head further into tournament season and All-stars, may the 1 percenters do
us all a favor - Stay home, scream at your TV and leave the kids' games to the
kids.

We don't need their support or their example.

Jim Lewan

Sleepy Hollow

Applauding defeat, not Illinois senators

As we celebrated the 4th of July, America's birthday, we once more could
celebrate a great day for America: amnesty for millions of illegals was defeated
in Washington, D.C.

Vast numbers of our citizens - nearly 80 percent according to national polls -
were able to defeat the push for amnesty by the elite who are out of touch with
everyday Americans.

Republicans, Democrats and independents joined together to turn back the tide of
those in our government who refuse to listen.

All demographics, including legal immigrants, rejected a bill that would have
led to millions more illegal immigrants being allowed into our country over the
next 10 years.

It would sure be great if we American citizens could pull together on the other
important issues of our time, like Islamic terrorists who wish to kill every
American who disagrees with their religious views.

Though there is much to celebrate in this victory for America's future, here in
Illinois we sadly are stuck with two senators in Dick Durbin and Barack Obama,
who voted with Ted Kennedy for amnesty.

I not only called Durbin and Obama but faxed e-mailed them, with no response at
all.

Hopefully, others noticed their lack of interest in representing us honestly and
they will be replaced by people who want to represent the best interests of the
vast majority of our state.

Terry Gavin

Elgin

Sigwalt, Humpfer speaking for me

I want to thank Trustees Judy Sigwalt and Paul Humpfer for fighting for the
English-only resolution here in Carpentersville.

They were speaking for me and countless others who believe in the rule of law.

My grandparents came here 100 years ago through Ellis Island, legally, not
illegally. I am not a racist and defy anyone calling me one.

But the law is the law. I obey it. So should others. President Bill Sarto should
take his head out of the sand and his blinders off.

Gerry Davis

Carpentersville

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              798 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                             March 25, 2005 Friday

Jackson living the high life

BYLINE: Rick Cantu, AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

SECTION: SPORTS EXTRA; Pg. C7

LENGTH: 583 words


Marc Jackson left the Utah basketball team two years ago with lasting images of
an intimidating coach whose profane tirades were mostly hidden from the public.

Basketball was no longer fun for Jackson, a gifted point guard whose reliable
outside shooting made him a fan favorite in his native Salt Lake City. But while
Jackson was emerging as one of the best players in the Mountain West Conference,
his tolerance for then-Coach Rick Majerus was dropping like a mountain sunset.

As the University of Utah players walked off the Erwin Center court Thursday
afternoon, no one appeared any happier than Jackson, a senior whose college
career will end on a positive note, no matter how the Utes fare in tonight's
Sweet 16 game against Kentucky.

No longer does Jackson have a coach who belittles him in practices. The 29-5
Utes have become a surprise contender for the national championship behind
first-year Coach Ray Giacoletti, whose language in practice would be suitable
for a G-rated movie.

When Giacoletti replaced Majerus as Utah's head coach last spring, no one was
more shocked or thrilled than Jackson, who skipped the 2003-04 season to stay
away from Majerus. With a new coach, the rusty point guard found renewed
enthusiasm for basketball. He wanted back in the game.

Giacoletti, who had enjoyed success at Eastern Washington, hardly objected to
having a senior sharpshooter rejoin the team.

"It was as smooth a transition you could ask for," the coach said.

That didn't mean Jackson had a free pass to regain his position on the
basketball court. Jackson knew he had to convince his team, particularly those
who were on board when he quit, that his desire to return was genuine. He met
privately with his teammates.

"I was just glad he came back," said sophomore guard Tim Drisdom, one of
Jackson's best friends. "Any pride issue anyone might have had was superceded by
what Marc would bring to the team."

What Jackson brought back to the team was strong backcourt leadership and an
experienced hand. In fact, Giacoletti remembered Jackson when he was a scrappy
sophomore two years ago.

"The one thing I remembered about Utah basketball was this tough little guy that
played the game with such passion," the new coach said. "When I got the job
(last April), I didn't even realize he had a year (of eligibility) left."

Neither did Jackson. He made an appointment with the University of Utah
compliance office and learned that he could return for a fifth year.

He's become the Utes' best outside shooter (46.2 percent from three-point
range), giving 7-foot center Andrew Bogut some room to operate inside. Jackson's
10.7 points per game rank second behind Bogut's 20.6 and he leads the team with
3.8 assists.

Jackson has paid quick dividends in the NCAA tournament, breaking a tie against
UTEP with an 18-foot jumper with 39 seconds remaining in the game to put Utah
ahead for good in a 60-54 win. Two days later he scored 17 points in a
surprisingly easy 67-58 victory over Oklahoma.

As he prepares for tonight's Kentucky game, knowing his basketball career could
end at any time, Jackson is just thankful for the opportunity to play the
Wildcats again. Two years ago Kentucky defeated Utah in a tournament game to end
the Utes' season.

Who figured Jackson would have another chance to beat tradition-heavy Kentucky
after sitting out last season?

"We would like to burst their bubble," he said. "Being the underdog is one of
the enjoy things about this game."

rcantu@statesman.com; 445-3953

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Utah guard Marc Jackson took a year off to avoid further collisions
with Rick Majerus. When new coach Ray Giacoletti signed on, it was a breath of
fresh air for Jackson, who returned and brought a perimeter game with him.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The Austin American Statesman


                              799 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 11, 2004 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Little Empathy

SECTION: Section 8; Column 3; Sports Desk; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 62 words



To the Sports Editor:

Selena Roberts would be less likely to belittle Jason Giambi's struggle with an
intestinal parasite if she had ever contended with the profoundly draining
effects. For me, these included greatly diminished muscle strength, chronic
fatigue and sapped morale that persisted for months after doctors declared me
parasite-free.

Jeffrey Jones
Pittsford, N.Y.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              800 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            April 21, 2004 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Loudoun Approves More Utility Lines;
GOP Supervisors Belittle County Planning Staff for Critical Report

BYLINE: Michael Laris, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B01

LENGTH: 602 words


Loudoun County supervisors yesterday angrily dismissed county planners' concerns
and voted to allow water and sewer lines crucial for development to be stretched
throughout a wide area west of Dulles International Airport.

Members of the board's Republican majority passed the proposal with a party-line
vote. They said the measure, which will relieve the area of its dependence on
groundwater and septic systems, would preserve the county's environment and
ensure the health of its residents.

Opponents said the measure was rushed into law to lay the necessary plumbing for
a dramatic increase in the number of houses that can be built in Loudoun, which
the Census Bureau earlier this month crowned the nation's fastest-growing
county.

County planning staff had warned in a report last week that opening up the
entire 23,000-acre area to public utilities without sufficient data and a clear
plan for the future could speed home building and lead to higher taxes,
increased pollution and an upsurge in traffic.

Supervisor Bruce E. Tulloch (R-Potomac) yesterday swatted the staff for what he
termed its overreaching. "I encouraged them to run for office," Tulloch said.

Supervisor Stephen J. Snow (R-Dulles), who had threatened to have staff members
fired over the matter, yesterday scolded a senior county planner, Sarah Coyle,
as she sought to explain the staff's rationale for not supporting the extension
of utilities. Coyle  said that, at a minimum, it would make sense to first
develop a plan for the so-called transition area before extending water and
sewer there.

Snow, who has advocated policies that would add tens of thousands of additional
homes to county plans in the area, accused Coyle of attempting to violate
Virginia law by making housing developments contingent on certain public
facilities being put into place, an accusation Coyle rejected.

"I don't trust what you're giving me right now. So please do homework," Snow
said. "How can we make decisions when facts are all relative or on quicksand?"

There were two 6 to 3 votes endorsing changes in planning and zoning rules to
allow extension of the utilities. Afterward, the board unanimously passed a
proposal by Snow to instruct County Administrator Kirby M. Bowers to work with
the chief of the Loudoun sanitation authority, Dale Hammes. The two officials
are to iron out the rules governing when central utilities should be extended
and the economic impact of such systems.

Supervisor James Burton (I-Blue Ridge), who opposed the extension, said those
details should have been analyzed and hashed out before yesterday's utilities
votes. In recent days, Snow had e-mailed board colleagues a series of
last-minute changes to the proposal to extend the utilities, including one that
Burton said gives sanitation officials the authority to extend the lines beyond
the transition area into the county's rural west.

"I don't believe this is about public safety and the environment," Burton said.
"This is about an effort to move the suburban boundary further west."

Hammes, who advocated extending the lines, said he knew of no studies showing
that there is insufficient water in the transition area to serve the
approximately 11,000 homes planned there, but he added that he couldn't be sure.
Hammes also said there is no difference, from the standpoint of human health,
between the wastewater treatment that is done today and the treatment that will
be done once sewer lines are in place.

Hammes argued that wastewater treated by his authority's central facilities is
easier on the environment than wastewater treated by other systems.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              801 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       EVENING CHRONICLE (Newcastle, UK)

                     December 16, 2000, Saturday Edition 1

A withering statement

SECTION: OPINION, Pg. 17

LENGTH: 236 words

It is very disappointing that some citizens will always try to belittle the
achievements of the city, especially around our successes in enhancing the
landscape and bringing colour into our city centre [Joanne Bourne, December
12].The award at the recent Nations in Bloom event held in Washington DC
recognised the great commitment that Newcastle has for not only enhancing the
landscape but also in planning for the future and engaging with our citizens. I
can assure Joanne Bourne that it was not possible to fool the panel of judges.
They are all internationally respected and asked a number of searching questions
about environmental matters. In our presentation we admitted that on occasions
we do make mistakes but it is how we then proceed to rectify matters that is
important.Anyone who lives in or visits Newcastle cannot fail to be impressed by
the improvements in colour and planting that have taken place recently. These
improvements have been recognised by the fact that the city centre has been
selected by the Northumbria in Bloom judges as the region's entry into Britain
in Bloom for 2001.There are currently a number of positive images promoting
Newcastle and the North East in both the national and international arena; our
success in Nations in Bloom is one of them and is something we should applaud
and not denigrate. - COUN LINDA WRIGHT, Newburn Ward, Civic Centre, Newcastle
upon Tyne.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2000 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd


                              802 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              November 10, 1999, Wednesday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

FINDING SOMETHING TO MAKE FUN OF GETS HARDER EVERY DAY

BYLINE: Bill McClellan

SECTION: METRO, Pg. B1

LENGTH: 646 words



The X Prize files

In my ceaseless quest to belittle the efforts of other people, I carefully
studied the latest press release from the X Prize Foundation. That's the St.
Louis-based foundation that is offering a $ 10 million prize to the first
private team to fly a spaceship on a suborbital flight.

Oh, I've had a good time with that idea! Backyard mechanics building a spaceship
is the way I usually describe it.

The whole thing started almost four years ago, when some of our city's leading
citizens were called to a meeting in the main dining room of the Racquet Club in
the Central West End. It was the same place where St. Louis businessmen had
agreed to bankroll Charles Lindbergh. In fact, the meeting's host, Al Kerth,
then of Fleishman-Hillard, sat at the very desk where the businessmen had
pledged their support to Lucky Lindy.

You know how we are about nostalgia in this town. A bunch of our leading lights
got the vibes from that room and that desk and pledged their support -- and the
$ 25,000 each that went with that support -- to the notion of the X Prize. They
would provide the seed money for the foundation, which, in turn, would go on the
hustle to raise the $ 10 million. The new Spirit of St. Louis Committee, our
guys called themselves. Guys with too much money and too little sense, is what I
called them.

In fact, I sometimes think if you could go into space and then were to then look
down at the Earth with special con-man glasses, a little light would be blinking
right where our city is located. The city of scams. We've had more than our
share.

At any rate, the latest press release from the X Prize Foundation announced that
two new teams have joined the race for the $ 10 million prize. One of the new
teams is from Russia, and the other is from this country. The one from this
country is calling its spaceship the Michelle B, as in Modular Incremental
Compact High Energy Low-Cost Launch Experiment B. "What happened to Michelle A?"
I thought to myself. But I read on.

"The spaceship will accelerate for 80 seconds after liftoff, then coast to a
maximum altitude of 104 km, followed by a gravity-induced descent..."

A gravity-induced descent? I have nightmares about gravity-induced descents.

Admittedly, the complete phrase was "followed by a gravity-induced desc ent and
a powered landing using reduced engine thrust." Still, it was enough to get me
going. I hadn't talked to the X Prize people since May of last year, when they
came up with their credit card idea. That was a good one. If you got an X Prize
Visa card, you became eligible to win a free ride on the first commercial
spaceship. I sure ridiculed that notion! But that was last year. Maybe I ought
to see how they're doing, I thought.

I called Gregg Maryniak, executive director of the foundation. I asked if the
credit card idea ever got off the ground. Ha ha ha!

It sure did, he said. He explained that they have issued about 10,000 of the
cards, and while the grand prize will someday be a ride into space, the
foundation is having quarterly drawings now. A schoolteacher from Michigan just
won a trip to Russia and a ride on a MIG jet.

How about the effort to raise $ 10 million? Is it taking off? Ha ha ha!

That, too, is going great, Maryniak said. There are contractual agreements for
about half the money.

He then asked if I had seen the CBS Evening News last Thursday. I said I had
not. There was a four-minute segment on the X Prize, Maryniak said. Very
flattering. Shots of the Arch and all. Terrific for St. Louis. Everybody here
was thrilled, he said.

I hung up and sat silently at my desk for a long minute. Sometimes I feel like a
voice in the wilderness. But hey, I stand on the shoulder of giants. I'm sure
there was a newspaper columnist who ridiculed the Wright brothers.

"A flying machine. Oh, that's rich!"

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: Bill McClellan Column

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              803 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 3, 1999, Wednesday, Final Edition

Betting on Democracy

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A34

LENGTH: 367 words


IT IS FASHIONABLE to belittle the democratic opposition in Serbia. They are
divided and unreliable, according to a common estimate; they have disappointed
before and will do so again. They lack a single charismatic leader. The proof of
their failure is evident: Slobodan Milosevic remains in power.

The reproofs all contain some truth, and yet they are not the whole truth. A
delegation of Serbia's democratic leaders is in Washington this week, and it is
impressive in many ways. The Alliance for Change, as the coalition for democracy
calls itself, unites disparate parties that have set aside personal and
political differences in their push for early elections. They and their
followers are taking grave risks as they fight for freedom. And they have
coalesced around broad principles that represent a welcome departure from the
Milosevic era: democracy, economic reform, respect for human rights and regional
prerogatives.

Although polls show that Mr. Milosevic is unpopular in his own country,
unseating him is not likely to be easy. The indicted war criminal still controls
the security forces and most media. Those who challenge him--at universities,
for example--lose their jobs and livelihoods. Many Serbs are so impoverished
that politics by force has become secondary to the daily struggle to find food.

The leaders who came to Washington this week, including Democratic Party
president Zoran Djindjic and the courageous mayor of Cacak, Vladimir Ilic, say
they well understand the challenge. They know that outsiders cannot do their
work for them, but they come looking for some modest help.

The Clinton administration has rightly been wary of any aid that might end up
inadvertently bolstering the current regime. But Secretary of State Madeleine
Albright will announce today, again rightly, that the United States is prepared
to lift some sanctions as soon as free and fair elections take place, and in the
meantime to provide some modest support to free media and other pockets of
society not under Mr. Milosevic's control. The democratic opposition is not a
sure bet, but it is a worthwhile one. The Balkans cannot be stable as long as
Mr. Milosevic remains in power.

LOAD-DATE: November 03, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              804 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                January 5, 1996

FIRST NIGHT: GANGSTA TAKES RAP TO NEW LEVEL;
Coolio, The Grand, London

BYLINE: Caroline Sullivan

SECTION: THE GUARDIAN HOME PAGE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 774 words


FOR all its notoriety, American gangsta rap hasn't caught on here. Even when a
gangsta single entered the British charts at No. 1 in October, it felt more like
a fluke than a signal that the gangstas were coming for your children. There's a
long way to go before the genre's increasingly hysterical sexism and
black-on-black violence is as popular here as in the States.

That isn't to belittle either the song in question, Gangsta's Paradise, or its
creator, Coolio. It was one of the truly magnificent records of last year. Based
on a haunting Stevie Wonder chorus, it repudiated the "glamour" of gangbanging,
imploring: "Why are we so blind to see that the ones we hurt are you and me?"
Amazingly, no one had put it so succinctly before, and the 23-year-old Los
Angeleno deserved every ounce of the acclaim.

Coolio is not, however, one of gangsta's big guns. Before his hit, he was best
known for party anthems and an antennae-like hairdo. Though he possessed the
lexicon and the South Central LA provence, he was only one of many trailing in
the wake of innovators like Doctor Dre.

Paradise has transformed him into a major contender. Despite this, he hasn't the
fiery talent of Dre or New York's ferocious Wu Tang Clan. The single is the best
thing on the album of the same name, and at any rate much of its magic was due
to a soulful vocal from one LV.

The album's strongest point is that it covers topics that don't often find their
way into gangsta-funk, like safe sex and responsible fatherhood, which is all
very commendable, but not enough to carry a whole album or gig.

At his first major British date, Coolio sensibly acknowledged his limitations.
Instead of compelling us to tolerate a one-man set of samey breakbeats, he put
on a capital S show.

First on was LV, whose girth suggests his initials stand for Luncheon Voucher.
He was once hit nine times in a drive-by shooting, but was a picture of sexy
health here, teasing the many girls with insinuating versions of old R&B hits
before turning the stage over to Coolio.

Antennae crumpled into soft tufts, Coolio ambled on accompanied by three
synchro-rapper dancers. Unusually for the star of the show, he allowed the
others an equal share of the spotlight - so much so that you often wondered who
the star was. Their renditions of stuff from Coolio's two albums were harder
than on disc, and all the better for it.

Just as it was starting to go on too long, an entire backing band strolled on
and Coolio invited four young MCs from the crowd on stage and it all turned into
an old-fashioned singing, dancing revue.  The difference was that Coolio was
telling the fans how he'd like to drop off some beer and a spliff at Buckingham
Palace. Her Majesty wouldn't have been amused, but 1,500 other people were.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              805 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 17, 1979, Wednesday, Final Edition

ERA Backer Defies Ruling of Church;
Feels Mormon Policy Belittles Women

BYLINE:  By Karlyn Barker, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION:  Metro; C2

LENGTH: 731 words

DATELINE:  RICHMOND, Jan. 16, 1979


Supporters of the Equal Rights Amendments think it will be tough enough taking
on the Virginia General Assembly again this year, but Sonia Johnson has found
herself in the uncomfortable position of taking on her church as well.

The 42-year-old Loudoun County homemaker and mother of four is a Mormon, and the
Mormon Church has launched an unprecedented lobbying campaign to kill the
constitutional amendment that she is working so hard to pass.

"This is the first time that so much pressure has been put on us to hold to the
church's political stand," said Johnson, one of an estimated 25,000 Mormons in
Virginia.  "We have no desire to take on the church.  We just want to pass the
ERA."

The church, more formally known as the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day
Saints, has been involved in the Stop FRA movement nationally since October when
its president and prophet, Spencer W. Kimball, termed the subject "a moral,
rather than a political issue."

Many Mormons subsequently have organized to oppose the ERA, arguing that its
passage will weaken the family by making women subject to the draft and by
easing restrictions on abortion.

But a minority of Mormon men and women have risked what Johnson describes as
"social ostracism" by forming Mormons for the ERA and showing up in Richmond and
other state capitals to lobby for the legislation.

Ratification of the ERA is an issue that has been considered in legislative
committees here for the past six years.  A House committee killed the measure in
the last session, and a Senate committee will hold a hearing on the proposed
amendment Wednesday.

"We think we're within one vote of getting it out of committee," said Sen.
Clive L. DuVal (D-Fairfax) the measure's sponsor.

DuVal hopes to persuade one or more committee members to send the amendment to
the Senate floor "Where we have a majority by one or two votes" to pass it.  But
DuVal conceded the ERA issue would still have to face a House committee "that is
much more hostile."

ERA opponents, including Mormons, "are using some of the same old canards, the
same faulty arguments" in lobbying against the ERA, DuVal said."This measure has
absolutely nothing to do with abortion or unisex bathrooms."

What the ERA is all about, according to Sonia Johnson, is the equality of men
and women, "making us equal partners." And in some respects, she said,
legislators who have resisted passing the ERA have a lot in common with the
sexism of her church.

"In the church, the women do all the work, and the men have the offices and the
responsibility They make all the decisions," Johnson said.  "There are women's
organizations who cannot raise money or control it.  That's incredible in this
day and age."

Comparing the "protective" nature of some anti-ERA lawmakers with church
doctrune, Johnson said Mormon leaders "love us so much, they won't let women
hold the priesthood.  But I could be excommunicated for even discussing" that
issue.

Karen Clifford, a member of Johnson's church in Sterling and a key coordinator
of its anti-ERA lobbyists, said she has seen discrimination against women in the
business world but thinks the problem is best solved on the state level.

She denied Johnson's assertion that Mormons were being pressured to oppose she
ERA or that the church treats women members as subservient.

"I have held leadership positions, and I've submitted budgets to our bishop,"
Clifford said.  "In every case of mine, he gave me more than I asked for."

Some legislators here talk about ERA literature in the same breath as they
mention their junk mail, but Johnson said she has found those she has talked to
attentive.

"I tell them I'm a Maromon and that I just want them to know that all Mormons
aren't against the ERA," she said.  She complained that many Mormon opponents of
the amendment are failing to identify themselves for fear of lessening their
impact on Assembly members."

"I don't think the legislators think they have to be told by our prophet what to
do," she added.

Johnson's ERA stand has set her apart from most of her friends in the church,
"since that's where most of my friends were." But she plans to persist.

Noting the recent revelation by the church's prophet -- in which it was decided
to elevate blacks to positions of leadership -- Johnson said she is optimistic
for the future.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Picture, SONIA JOHNSON... risks "social ostracism"; UPI

                       Copyright 1979 The Washington Post


                              806 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                           January 30, 2016 Saturday
                                 SOONER EDITION

SISTER MURIEL YOUNG;
JUNE 19, 1924 - JAN. 27, 2016;
LONGTIME TEACHER, PRINCIPAL AND CURIOUS STUDENT OF THE WORLD

BYLINE: Rich Lord, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: OBITUARY; Pg. B-4

LENGTH: 699 words


Dorothy Young knew from age 15 that her life belonged to God, but about
everything else, she was endlessly curious.

Sister Muriel, as she became known upon joining the Sisters of Divine Providence
at age 15, went on to lead St. Anne Elementary School in Castle Shannon, to
serve as assistant superintendent for elementary schools for the Diocese of
Pittsburgh, and to write an array of educational materials. Although the Bible
was her guide, she always remembered that there was experience to be had
everywhere -in Rome and Jerusalem, sure, but also on the North Shore and in Nova
Scotia.

"She didn't stop being educated. She kept on going," said Sister Marlene Luffy,
who was Sister Muriel's assistant principal at St. Anne and later served as
principal there. "Her mind was always going into the next thing that she could
do."

Sister Muriel died Wednesday at the Divine Providence Motherhouse in McCandless.
She was 91.

Her parents, John and Mary, had four daughters and raised them a short distance
from a convent in New Philadelphia, Ohio. Dorothy joined the congregation in
1940. By the 1950s, she was teaching at St. Anne, and in the 1960s, she was the
principal.

"She nurtured children," Sister Marlene said. "Even over the school PA system,
her voice was soft." When it came time to correct a student, she would not
berate or belittle. "She would always have them think of what the outcome of
their action would be."

It worked. Her students grew into the likes of Cardinal Daniel DiNardo,
archbishop of Galveston-Houston, and the Rev. Charles Bober of St. Kilian Parish
in Cranberry.

Elementary school is "often an intimidating period of your life," said U.S.
Attorney David Hickton, who was a student at St. Anne during Sister Muriel's
tenure. He got to know her despite few trips to the principal's office. "She was
such a strong force with a smile that could light up the world, which I could
always evoke when she was looking serious."

She was an innovator, developing day care and before- and after-school programs,
vigorously communicating with parents and inviting guest teachers based on the
interests of the students. As an assistant superintendent, she had to address
changing enrollments in schools and shifting interests in the congregation. She
allowed sisters who wanted to leave the schools to shift to other ministries,
and she replenished teaching rosters with a mix of sisters and laypersons.

Sister Muriel replenished her spiritual batteries in the Holy Land and the Holy
See, of course, but she found inspiration elsewhere, too. A dedicated Steelers
fan, she wouldn't turn down an invitation to a game, no matter what the weather.

She'd also hop in a car and go at the slightest excuse.

"We had no reason to go, we were just curious about Nova Scotia," Sister Marlene
recalled of one sisterly vacation. Talk of a haunted lighthouse surrounded by
slippery rocks there got Sister Muriel asking: "What is this Peggy's Cove
about?" They went but didn't see a ghost.

Even when her health declined, her curiosity never did.

Sister Diane Dunn, a student at St. Anne during Sister Muriel's tenure, became
her former principal's teacher a few years ago. "She wanted to keep up with the
new technology" and got a new computer, Sister Diane recounted. With tutoring,
she picked up email and Web surfing. "She just wanted to keep on learning."

Using that computer, she started writing a children's book, Sister Marlene said.
But the years caught up with her, and her time convalescing at the McCandless
motherhouse was tough.

"She was very frustrated when she had to come here and be in bed," Sister
Marlene said. "She would say, 'I just want to be free to do something.' "

Last fall the sisters celebrated her 75th anniversary in the congregation. "She
was responding," Sister Marlene said. But she was not well. "Her nephews were
even crying.

"I really think," Sister Marlene said, "that she used every talent that God gave
her."

Visitation will be from 1 to 9 p.m. Sunday in the Community Room at Providence
Heights and will culminate with a wake service at 7 p.m. On Monday, visitation
will be from noon to 3 p.m., followed by a Resurrection service at 3:30 p.m. in
Divine Providence Chapel.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Rich Lord: rlord@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1542.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              807 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               September 20, 2004 Monday 0 South Pinellas Edition

Let the people decide if their flag is worth protecting

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 1127 words


Re: Freedom to burn, Sept. 12.

This editorial characterizes flag amendment supporters in Congress as "spineless
politicians," while painting those who oppose protecting Old Glory as
"courageous leaders."

Interestingly, the overwhelming majority of people in this nation agree with the
so-called "spineless" majority in Congress who support the amendment, not with
the minority that opposes it.

It is absurd to suggest that the flag represents the freedom to burn it. There
is no historical precedent and scant legal precedent for such a theory. The flag
is the symbol of our nation and it symbolizes what the people say it symbolizes,
and the vast majority certainly don't think that includes the freedom to
desecrate it.

Polling, consistent over 15 years, reveals that more than 70 percent of the
people in this nation believe the flag deserves protection. All 50 state
legislatures have petitioned Congress to propose a flag protection amendment. An
amendment has passed the House of Representatives five times in the last nine
years and come within three votes of passing in the Senate.

All that stands between the people and their flag is the U.S. Senate. It's time
for those few senators who discount the will of the people and who, like the
Times, belittle the good sense of their colleagues who champion flag protection
to either step forward in support or step out of the way and let the people
decide, through the process of ratification, if their flag is worthy of legal
protection.

Marty Justis, director, Americanism and

Children & Youth Division, American Legion

National Headquarters, Indianapolis

Our liberties need the protection

Re: Freedom to burn, Sept. 12.

Thanks for your editorial opposing the effort to amend the Constitution to
authorize Congress to punish desecration of the American flag.

The flag is a powerful symbol. As a retired officer, I served 30 years under
that flag. You cannot serve our country as a soldier without a sense of
patriotism, without being moved by our important symbols.

However, I never lost sight of the fact that the flag is venerated because it is
a symbol of the liberties our Founders guaranteed in the Bill of Rights,
liberties that justify the sacrifice of countless service men and women who
fought an died to protect them. It is our liberties that make the United States
unique among nations. We are a country where every issue can be debated, where
citizens who disagree with the policies formulated by a current but transient
majority can even burn our flag in protest.

The flag does not need this amendment to "protect" it. It needs Americans who
understand the importance of preserving our liberties to contact our senators
and tell them to preserve the First Amendment guarantee of freedom of speech by
voting against this amendment.

Mike Pheneger, colonel, U.S. Army (retired),

Tampa

Strange and outdated arguments

The strangest arguments are advanced by your Sept. 12 editorial Freedom to burn
to justify flag-burning. Even if we were not at war they would be ludicrous, but
in the midst of war they are insulting as well.

Of course, I realize that the older anti-Vietnam protesters and their
countercultural companions (or their converts) are still alive and kicking in
the media, but that era is past. Furthermore, it is protests like the editorial
that continue to upset voters and defeat the Democratic Party, as they have been
doing since the '60s.

I doubt the Senate vote will not pass, nor will the necessary number of states
reject the amendment. Your protests are past history and have outlived whatever
usefulness they may have had.

W.H. Riddell, Tampa

With friends like this . . .

The Sept. 12 article Serving two flags reports this administration's continued
favoritism of Israel, influenced by the number of administrators who are heavily
pro-Israel, leading to moles inside our government helping that country with
stolen information. If they are such good friends, why do they have to spy on
us? This isn't the first time.

And what's the measure of a "good friend"? Do any of our other friends spy on us
to the degree that Israel has (Jonathan Pollard)? Has any other friend sunk one
of our Navy's ships (the USS Liberty)?

What has Israel ever done for the United States to get this "good-friend"
status? Helped us in disasters? Fought beside us in conflicts? Has Israel
followed U.N. resolutions to reduce tensions? I don't think so. The major
quality of this relationship is to take taxpayer money and use it for military
means to kill Palestinians, almost 3,000 in the past three years.

The horrors of Adolf Hitler occurred more than half a century ago, as did the
killings of many more millions by Josef Stalin. I am not responsible for those
events, and I'm tired of having them served to me on the guilt tray. The
Holocaust card is as tiring as the race card played by the Democrats and the
liberal card used by the Republicans. Enough already!

Norm Haddad, Largo

Neglect of black history is key

Re: School's out, and Taking steps to promote academics, Sept. 12.

Pinellas school official Randy Lightfoot suggested that schools establish high
expectations and inclusive classroom environments. As a black student having
attended and graduated from public schools in Florida, I believe that the root
of the problem lies with the lack of inclusion of the history of black Americans
in this country and civil rights in the curriculum. Is it really a big surprise
that minority students enthusiastically embrace hip-hop culture while rejecting
a culture and a school system that has systematically excluded and ignored the
history of their people in this society?

As the daughter and granddaughter of English teachers, I was one of those
students deemed as "acting white" for excelling academically and speaking proper
English - and that was almost 20 years ago, before hip-hop exploded, so
obviously this onus does not rest on Ludacris or Lil John.

Also, let's not forget hip-hop is a subculture. The larger problem lies in
American culture, overall, and how we, as a society, have defined or redefined
success over the past three decades. It's not just black America that has its
priorities skewed. Quite simply, wealth and excess are glorified while family
systems and true values have long ago taken a back seat.

Bridget Sermon, Sarasota

Try a higher level label

Re: I'm Black, not African-American, Sept. 11.

John McWhorter has progressed beyond "African-American." He now calls himself
"Black" and pleads with others to do the same. Maybe he will rise to the greater
level and call himself "American" just like millions of other citizens do.

Gregory Sevachko, Holiday

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: YOUR LETTERS

TYPE: LETTER

                    Copyright 2004 Times Publishing Company


                              808 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 12, 2000, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

A Whitney Drops Museum Support Over New Show

BYLINE: By ROBERT D. McFADDEN

SECTION: Section 1; Page 43; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk; Second Front

LENGTH: 1039 words


Angry over a planned exhibit at the Whitney Museum linking Mayor Rudolph W.
Giuliani and other political figures to the Nazis, Marylou Whitney, the widow of
Cornelius Vanderbilt Whitney, said yesterday that she had withdrawn her
financial support of the museum and quit its national fund-raising council.

Mrs. Whitney said that a work by Hans Haacke, a German-born New York artist,
planned for the Whitney's 2000 Biennial opening on March 23, would serve to
belittle the Holocaust, politicize art and violate the principles on which the
Whitney was founded by her late mother-in-law, Gertrude Vanderbilt Whitney, to
showcase American artists.

"Gertrude would roll over in her grave," she said of the Haacke work -- a wall
of garbage cans with speakers blaring the sound of marching jackboots, a
reproduction of the First Amendment and, in a medieval typescript favored by the
Nazis, quotations from Mr. Giuliani and others, including Senator Jesse Helms,
Patrick J. Buchanan and the religious broadcaster Pat Robertson.

Whitney Museum officials, including the director and president of the board,
voiced regret over Mrs. Whitney's withdrawal of support, but said that the
exhibit, including the Haacke work, would go on as planned. Mr. Haacke said that
the criticism of his work was unjustified.

News last week of the forthcoming exhibit and the inclusion of the Haacke work,
called "Sanitation," recalled the fury over the First Amendment issues raised by
the "Sensation" show at the Brooklyn Museum of Art last fall, when the mayor
attacked some of the art as "sick" and tried to withhold city subsidies from the
museum.

The Whitney, which receives most of its $20 million budget from its own earnings
and from private and corporate sources, was confronted with harsh criticism from
the Anti-Defamation League, which charged that the Haacke work trivialized the
Holocaust. Mayor Giuliani called the Haacke work offensive, but said that the
city would take no action.

Mrs. Whitney, in a telephone interview from her home in Saratoga Springs, N.Y.,
said she had informed Maxwell L. Anderson, director of the Whitney, on Friday of
her decision to withdraw her support. She said she had told him she was
perturbed with the Haacke work itself, but was even more upset with the museum
for what she said was a violation of the trust Gertrude Vanderbilt Whitney had
placed in the institution she had founded 70 years ago.

"Gertrude wanted to help American artists," Mrs. Whitney, 73, said. "That's why
she called it the Whitney Museum of American Art. It's not supposed to be for
any foreign artists. I'm upset with the museum for going against Gertrude's
principles and I'm terribly upset with this work. It's in such bad taste. And
the museum should not be used politically."

Mr. Anderson said that Mrs. Whitney's withdrawal was regrettable, but he
disputed her contention that the museum's mission was to showcase only the work
of American artists. He said it had been the Whitney's policy for years to show
art produced in America by artists of any nationality.

Moreover, he said, Gertrude Vanderbilt Whitney's granddaughter, Flora Miller
Biddle, an honorary trustee, and great-granddaughter, Fiona Donovan, a trustee,
both supported the inclusion of the Haacke work in the museum's exhibit, and
defended the artist as "a voice of social conscience."

"The Whitney is a museum that is open to artists working in this country, and we
don't discriminate on the basis of nationality," he said.

Joel S. Ehrenkrantz, president of the board of trustees, said of Mrs. Whitney's
withdrawal: "You're always saddened to think that part of the family reacts that
way, but I don't think that reflects the current family's views."

Mr. Haacke, who is 62 and lives in Manhattan, said it was unfair to criticize a
work of art that has not even been unveiled. "All these critical comments I read
about are based on a lack of information," he said. "Nobody has seen the work."

As for his nationality, the artist said: "I've been living in New York since the
1960's. My wife was born in New York, and my children were born in New York.
There's a strong feeling, it's difficult to describe; I hesitate to renounce my
German citizenship."

Mrs. Whitney, whose family has been a bulwark of support for the museum, said
she had planned to donate $1 million to the Whitney but had decided to give it
instead to the Whitney Gallery of Western Art in Cody, Wyo., which was
established by her late husband on land donated by his mother.

In addition, she said she had resigned from the National Council of the Whitney
Museum, which raises almost half of the museum's budget. She joined the
committee more than 35 years ago when it was formed under the leadership of
Jacqueline Kennedy. While she refused to give details, Mrs. Whitney said that
many present committee members were also upset over the planned exhibit.

Mrs. Whitney, who was quoted by The New York Post yesterday as saying that the
museum's name ought to be changed from the Whitney to "The Sensation," said, "I
didn't really mean that."

After its founding in 1930, the Whitney was financed almost entirely by the
family -- first by Gertrude Vanderbilt Whitney, who left it $2.5 million of her
$11 million estate, and after her death in 1942 by her daughter, Flora Whitney
Miller. Since the 1960's, much of the financing has come from earned income and
from private and corporate donations, with lesser amounts from foundations, the
National Endowment for the Arts and the State and City of New York.

Mrs. Whitney said she was aware that her criticisms of the Haacke work might
"turn him into a martyr," and "cause people to line up for six blocks to see
this trash." Because of such controversy, huge crowds turned out to see Chris
Ofili's work in "Sensation" at the Brooklyn Museum, which included a rendering
of the Virgin Mary that used pornographic cutouts and elephant dung.

But Mrs. Whitney said she had no choice. "I just feel you have to stand up for
what you believe," she said. "I believe that Gertrude wanted this museum to be
something wonderful and educational, but when they put up things you wouldn't
want your children or grandchildren to see. . . ."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Marylou Whitney says she won't give the museum any more money.
(Bill Cunningham/The New York Times)(pg. 48)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              809 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 November 13, 1993, SATURDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

FLORIDA STATE PUTS A CAPPER ON BUILDUP TO BATTLE FOR NO. 1

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 1187 words

DATELINE: SOUTH BEND, IND.


No. 1 Florida State swaggered into Notre Dame Stadium on Friday wearing
green-and-gold hats and scoffing at the Fighting Irish football tradition.

"There is no mystique," Seminoles receiver Kevin Knox said. "They should be
scared of our mystique. We could be the best college football team ever."

The Seminoles borrowed the brightly colored hats, each with a gold shamrock on
the side, from the Florida State baseball team, which wears them on St.
Patrick's Day.

Coach Bobby Bowden said his team meant no disrespect. The Seminoles wore the
hats only to commemorate today's long-awaited showdown with No. 2 Notre Dame,
Bowden said.

Both teams are 9-0 and have won 16 successive games. The Seminoles are 6
1/2-point favorites.

"We're not trying in anyway to undercut anybody or belittle anything," Bowden
said, his tan looking out of place on a cold, gray day. "It's just a doggone
great week."

Knox said the Seminoles wore the hats to let the Irish know they were focused on
today's game. Florida State, which already has beaten Miami, has another tough
game next week at No. 8 Florida.

Bowden also spotted a small flaw in the stadium that could help the Seminoles:
The north goal post tilted slightly to the right. Florida State lost its chance
at a national championship the past two seasons when last-second field goal
attempts sailed wide right against Miami.

"It's leaning that way, and I sure do appreciate that," Bowden said.

Notre Dame fan Dick Martin did the unthinkable Friday. He gave away two of the
hottest commodities on the face of the earth: tickets to today's game.

Martin was in his dentist's office earlier this week when he overheard the staff
talking about a Pennsylvania fan who'd been duped out of $ 1,400 in a ticket
scam.

The man, David Walsh of Springfield, Pa., had answered a classified
advertisement that required cash payment in exchange for the tickets to today's
big game. But Walsh's tickets never came, and he reported the scam to South Bend
police. The FBI is investigating the complaint.

The staff at Martin's dentist had seen a newspaper article about the fraud and
were angered by it.

"I thought, 'That's a shame,' " said Martin, who has season tickets to Notre
Dame's home games and planned to take his wife, Annie.

The more Martin thought about it, the more he felt sorry for Walsh, a diehard
Irish fan who tries to get to one game a year with a group of friends.  He got
Walsh's telephone number from directory assistance, called him and offered his
prized tickets.

"He just said, 'I just can't believe you're doing this for a total stranger. You
don't know how much it means to me,' " Martin said.

Walsh's wife, Dottie, said he was "beside himself" to get to go to the game. As
for Martin, he'll wander over to Notre Dame Stadium to tailgate today and then
head back home to watch the game on television. "Now, if I can only get my wife
to forgive me," he said.

This year's matchup for the top spot is a product mostly of luck.

Three years ago, at a meeting concerning officiating, Penn State athletic
director Jim Tarman was talking to his Notre Dame counterpart, Dick Rosenthal.
Their conversation was picked up by Chuck Rohe, executive director of the Citrus
Bowl in Orlando, Fla.

Rosenthal recalled that Tarman "asked if we could release Penn State from its
commitment to play us in '93 and '94, the last two years of the contract."

Nittany Lions coach Joe Paterno, it seemed, wanted to play a full Big Ten
schedule this year and drop Notre Dame.

"I said OK," Rosenthal said, "but we have to have a competitive game to replace
it." In stepped Rohe, the eavesdropping entrepreneur who wanted the Irish for a
regular-season game in Orlando.

"I said I'd love to take Notre Dame to Orlando, and I asked him if he thought he
could get Florida State - they were No. 1 at that time, too - and Rohe said he
thought so," Rosenthal said.

Florida State liked the idea, then Rosenthal ran the scheme by coach Lou Holtz.
"Lou was as happy as a kid with a new toy," Rosenthal said.

The teams are to play next year in Orlando.

ESPN commentator Beano Cook predicts a 24-14 Notre Dame victory. "Florida State
is going to feel like the Germans at Stalingrad," he said. "You don't want to
fight the Russians in the middle of winter, and you don't want to play an
undefeated Notre Dame team in South Bend in the second week of November."

Notre Dame is 13-1 in games played on Nov. 13. The only loss came at home
against Penn State in 1982.

The temperature was only in the 40s Friday afternoon, and the forecast called
for rain Friday night and early today. But the skies were expected to clear by
kickoff, and temperatures should be in the low 60s.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; (1) Photo by AP - Florida State coach Bobby Bowden said the
preparation and anticipation for today's game against Notre Dame in South Bend,
Ind., made for "a doggone great week." (2) Photo by AP - Notre Dame coach Lou
Holtz points out a few things to the Irish's Jeff Burris at a practice session
in South Bend, Ind., for today's game against top-ranked Florida State.

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              810 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                          September 24, 2008 Wednesday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Lane suit details Mendte gossip;
The former anchor tells about two years of her colleague's media leaks she says
ruined her.

BYLINE: By Michael Klein; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; P-com News Local; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 865 words


Former anchor Alycia Lane returned to court yesterday, taking direct aim for the
first time in a lawsuit against former CBS3 colleague Larry Mendte, accusing him
of ruining her by invading her privacy and leaking personal details to the
media.

The Common Pleas Court suit spells out about two years of gossip fodder provided
by Mendte, including new details of the notorious bikini-photo incident, her
relationship with a married New York news anchor, and the aftermath of her Dec.
17 arrest in New York, when she was ridiculed for reaching out to Gov. Rendell.

The suit says it was Lane's boyfriend, radio personality Chris Booker, who made
the initial call to Rendell, hoping to leverage their common connection as
Masons to get the name of a lawyer. The suit also said Lane was recognized by
police in New York, who had seen New York Post gossip stories on her leaked by
Mendte and used them to "belittle, embarrass and threaten" her.

The suit also names CBS3 and accuses the station of defaming Lane before and
after her firing on Jan. 1, and of ignoring her suspicions that someone was
hacking into her personal e-mail.

CBS3 fired Mendte in June after an FBI investigation found that he had accessed
her e-mail hundreds of times. Mendte pleaded guilty last month and is awaiting
sentencing Nov. 24.

Philadelphia Daily News gossip columnist Dan Gross, who ran columns and blog
posts about Lane, was accused in the suit of "conspiring with Mendte" and
"obtaining the fruits of the illegal activity through the conspiracy."

Gross and Daily News editor Michael Days declined comment, saying they had not
seen the suit. Scott Baker, general counsel for Philadelphia Media Holdings,
which owns the Daily News and The Inquirer, said, "Without commenting on the
merits of the case, we're certainly going to vigorously defend Dan and the Daily
News."

Mendte's attorney, Michael A. Schwartz of Pepper Hamilton, also declined comment
as did a representative of CBS3.

The suit, filed by Paul Rosen of Spector Gadon & Rosen, replaces and expands
upon an earlier civil complaint that Rosen had filed. The suit specifically
claims defamation and invasion of privacy.

Mendte admitted to federal authorities that he installed a keystroke-capture
device on Lane's work computer. Mendte's intrusions - more than 7,000 in all,
according to the complaint - were believed to have started in March 2006.

Among the first hacks was an "intimate e-mail exchange" between Lane and her
mother about Lane's trip to Monaco to interview Prince Albert, the suit says,
adding that Mendte sent her private photographs from the trip to the Post.

Lane's photos, which showed her dancing with the prince, were never published,
the suit says, because Lane warned the newspaper that they were private
property. Lane was "falsely portrayed in the media as someone who made sexual
overtones to a member of the Monaco royal family" in a Post Page Six item
printed May 1, 2006. The Post was not named as a defendant in the suit.

The suit says that Mendte overheard Lane's complaints to station management
about the photographs and did not send photos to the media after that incident.

The suit also accuses Mendte of telling the Post that Lane was chastised for
sending bikini pictures to sports anchor Rich Eisen. The Post wrote about
Eisen's wife's reaction in a May 1, 2007, story that thrust Lane into the
national spotlight.

The suit says the story led to Lane's being branded publicly as a "homewrecker,
vixen, bikini babe" and a "person of a low moral character, when the exact
opposite is true."

The suit says Mendte "faked concern" for Lane during the media storm and told
her that the only way to avoid the glare would be to move away from Philadelphia
and start over.

The suit accuses Mendte of tipping the Post to her summer 2007 relationship with
New York TV anchor Chris Wragge. The Post staked out her apartment with a
photographer. Mendte anonymously sent e-mail exchanges between Lane and Wragge
to Wragge's estranged wife in Sweden, according to the suit.

The lawsuit also describes the aftermath of Lane's arrest Dec. 17. With Lane in
lockup and her cell phone in a taxi, her boyfriend, Booker, was frantically
calling people.

Disputing a story reported last December, the suit says that Booker - not Lane -
called Gov. Rendell to seek the name of a New York attorney. The suit says
Booker knew that Rendell was a former district attorney, a native New Yorker -
and like Booker - a Mason. Booker left a message with Rendell, the suit says. In
the interim, Booker secured a lawyer.

When Lane later learned of Booker's call, the suit says, Lane called Rendell to
explain why Booker had reached out. Rendell then returned Lane's call. The suit
says that Mendte leaked the details of Lane's calls to the Daily News, which
insinuated that Lane as a journalist had sought special treatment. A Rendell
spokesman could not be reached last night for comment.

The suit contends that Gross "knew or should have known, or was acting in
reckless disregard, of the facts that [the station] and Mendte were unlawfully
accessing" Lane's e-mail.

Contact staff writer Michael Klein at 215-854-5514 or mklein@phillynews.com.


LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              811 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                                 March 22, 1993

Mac servers to finally debut

BYLINE: By James Daly, CW Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Enterprise Computing; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 636 words


Apple Computer, Inc. will this week launch its biggest push yet for the
corporate market when it introduces its first true dedicated Macintosh servers.

The Workgroup Server 60, Workgroup Server 80 and Workgroup Server 95 will be
unveiled Thursday at the CeBIT Computer Fair here. It will immediately target
workgroups that range from five to 200 workers.

Analysts said the absence of a server has hurt Apple's corporate sales. Although
Apple's high-end Quadra Macintosh certainly had the power to work as a server,
Apple never positioned it as such and hence added on a lot of the gadgets and
functionality expected in a more general-purpose machine.

Apple hopes to use the Macintosh's reputation for ease of use to sell the
workgroup servers to businesses entwined in the challenges of creating a
client/server architecture.

The client/server strategy has proved attractive to large information systems
shops because it unifies all computing services, but building and managing such
a setup has proved tricky. "You can't belittle Apple's ease-of-use argument,
especially when dealing with client/server," said Jim Groff, senior director of
Apple's Enterprise Systems Division.

Analysts said they believe simplifying the aggravating job of server setup and
administration could save big money. A cost/benefit analysis issued in January
by Gartner Group, Inc.'s Consulting Services in Stamford, Conn., said the
life-cycle cost of maintaining a Macintosh for five years is $4,000 less than a
PC running Microsoft Corp.s Windows and nearly $10,000 lower than a DOS system.

"The primary reasons for the Macintosh cost advantage were its superior ease of
installation, use and learning as well as its transparent networking," the
report states.

Those are administrative issues that users can relate to. "When I think of
running a Unix server, I think of seven systems programmers constantly running
around trying to keep the thing going," said Brian Comnes, manager of the
information center at DHL Airways, Inc. in Redwood City, Calif. "So if Apple can
provide a plug-and-play box in which we can do a lot of nifty things without a
lot of fuss, it could change our lives significantly."

But questions remain about how well the servers will work using software to
connect them to Novell, Inc.s NetWare, which accounts for more than 70% of the
market. "That's the big question: How well it will work with Novell," Comnes
said. "It just had better work well."

Apple's lateness in addressing the server market could hurt its cause -- but the
damage may not be irreversible, analysts said.

"The PowerBook was very late to the portable computer market, but it did such a
good job in terms of ergonomics and performance that it took off like a rocket,"
said Pieter Hartsook, editor of "The Hartsook Letter," a Macintosh-specific
newsletter in Alameda, Calif.

Insiders also said they expect Apple to ultimately introduce workgroup servers
targeted for specific tasks. The company has already begun to go down that road
with the Workgroup Server 95, which will have an optional configuration designed
specifically for a database environment. "Apple owns the whole ball of wax, from
the operating system to the hardware, so it would be very easy to do," Hartsook
said.

Apple will simultaneously introduce two new versions of its AppleShare software
for high-performance file-and-print services. The vendor will also reach out to
the DOS and Windows environments with the introduction of AppleTalk Connection
for DOS and Windows, which will let PC users access files stored on the new
servers as well as other AppleShare servers.

Apple picking

Oracle Corp. is one of several major relational database management system
vendors that will soon announce support and products for the new Apple servers.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CW Chart:Michael Siggins, CW Staff, Source:Apple Computer, Inc.

                       Copyright 1993 Computerworld, Inc.


                              812 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            March 14, 2007 Wednesday

Hannity's rules

BYLINE: Public Forum Letter

SECTION: PUBLIC FORUM; Opinion

LENGTH: 117 words


Salt Lake City Mayor Rocky Anderson should debate Sean Hannity only if the
debate occurs at a neutral site, is moderated by a neutral professional and is
conducted by recognized debate rules.

Only then would Anderson, or anyone else, have a chance to be heard over
Hannity's clamor. Hannity doesn't want a debate in which opponents put forth
reasonable arguments in defense of their positions. He wants a fight in which he
almost always can shout louder than his opponent, interrupt his opponent as soon
as he begins to make a sensible point, and belittle his opponent with sarcasm
and a personal attack in the place of well-reasoned argument.

Such a debate serves no worthwhile ends.

William A. Wilson

Provo

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              813 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             May 25, 2006 Thursday

Killion: Through the looking glass, MLS-style

BYLINE: Ann Killion, Mercury News

SECTION: SP; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 733 words


The Major League Soccer directory says the league is located in New York, but
I'm starting to think the headquarters are down Alice's rabbit hole.

How else to explain the ``big announcement'' Wednesday that A's owners Lew Wolff
and John Fisher have ``acquired an exclusive option to acquire an MLS team
should the group be successful in developing a new soccer-specific stadium'' in
the Bay Area?

Wow. An exclusive chance at something we once had, as long as they can get
something that previously couldn't be achieved.

Quite a bargain -- that is, if you're operating in Wonderland.

Didn't we have a team here, five months ago?

Didn't that team win championships, play solid soccer and draw fans?

Wasn't the search for a soccer stadium poorly handled by the owners and the
league?

Wasn't that team hijacked to a city with no solid plan for a soccer stadium?

You know the answers: Yes, yes, yes and yes.

So now we're going to start again?

To the league's Mad Hatter -- I mean commissioner, Don Garber -- this all makes
perfect sense. Belittle a market, allow that market to be stripped of its
successful team and then decide that it's a fantastic place worthy of a
watered-down expansion team.

You see, Garber's league isn't really Major League Soccer. He's head of Making
Little Stadiums. His goal, more than upgrading the on-field product and showing
loyalty to an area, is to get a 20,000-seat, soccer-specific stadium in all
sorts of locations: from Frisco, Texas, to San Jose.

``Where we are as a league, we need more than a passionate fan base,'' Garber
said in a conference call Tuesday.

Making Little Stadiums is absolutely more important than that. More important
than having a good team with deep roots, like the Earthquakes. More important
than putting a winning product in the league's biggest market -- New York.

Rather than try to really find a creative solution (which, despite protestations
to the contrary, the league and owners didn't), here's the path to success: Get
in a huff over a soccer-specific stadium, fire a bunch of employees and move to
a new market where there's no soccer-specific stadium. Great way to grow a
league.

Having a Little Stadium isn't a panacea. FC Dallas, the team playing in Frisco,
Texas (the locals call it southern Oklahoma), isn't drawing well. The team in
New York remains a disaster a new stadium won't solve. The two teams playing in
the league's ``crown jewel'' -- Carson's Home Depot Center -- have losing
records.

Even with Wolff involved, a soccer-specific stadium in the South Bay will be a
mighty challenge. A partnership with San Jose State probably won't work, because
the Spartans will want a stadium that seats more than 20,000. Trying to get
approval from voters will be another major hurdle -- considering a recent
Mercury News poll showed a big thumbs down on a potential baseball stadium.
Here's guessing that would be two thumbs down on a soccer-only stadium.

On Tuesday, Wolff indicated he would just want land, which is far less than the
former Earthquakes owner, Anschutz Entertainment Group, was demanding last year.

If just a land deal is fine now, why wasn't it then? Is anyone overseeing this
situation? Gee, could there be a lack of effective leadership at the top of the
league?

There's great speculation that Wolff is merely using MLS as a pawn to get into
the stadium business in the South Bay, with his eye ultimately on a new A's
venue. He can gain access to city council members, land sites, corporate
sponsors, the ins and outs of stadium development.

But, in truth, a soccer stadium would seem to put him at cross-purposes with a
baseball plan. Why waste connections, potential sites and resources that could
be funneled toward a ballpark?

And couldn't Wolff have been brought in before AEG stole the Earthquakes away?

Maybe he could have. Garber opened his remarks by saying, ``It's been about six
or eight months that we've been engaging in these detailed and, obviously,
successful discussions with Lew and John.''

But the Quakes sale was announced just five months and one week ago. When asked
specifically for the timeline, Garber backtracked.

``The first conversations with Lew were the week of the announcement on the
move,'' he said. ``I never met Lew or had spoken to him until that point.''

Five months? Eight months? Hey, it's all the same down in the rabbit hole.

Contact Ann Killion at akillion@mercurynews.com or (408) 920-5805.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              814 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    October 15, 1995, Sunday, Final Edition

For Farrakhan, Day In National Spotlight May Be Turning Point

Yolanda Woodlee; Kevin Merida, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1440 words


Louis Farrakhan takes his message to the Million Man March on Washington
tomorrow -- center stage for the first time with the kind of national audience
the Nation of Islam leader has never before attracted.

What becomes of that exposure at what Farrakhan hopes will be the nation's
largest civil rights demonstration ever could depend partly on the message the
Muslim minister chooses to deliver.

Will it be the conservative themes of self-reliance, self-respect and clean
living that have helped to uplift and rehabilitate addicts and incarcerated
black men? Or will it be the words that critics say demonize Jews and belittle
Catholics, whites and homosexuals?

Will it be the voice that in the months leading up the march has moderated its
tone to reach out? Or will it be the Farrakhan who in the crucial last days has
been harshly critical? The Farrakhan who will stand on the stage in the shadow
of the Capitol will have the opportunity to move into a new realm -- somewhere
beyond his niche as the mesmerizing leader of a religious sect who inspires the
downtrodden and young black men but who nonetheless alienates much of the
country, both black and white.

Beyond Farrakhan, the march will focus attention on where African Americans are
headed politically and whether the numbers who mass on the Mall will prove to be
catalysts for new strategies, coalitions and lasting solutions to the challenges
facing the black community.

"This is a very important turning point for us as a people," asserted state Rep.
Tyrone Brooks, president of the Georgia Association of Black Elected Officials.
"We are in a juncture in our struggle where we need to find solutions that go
beyond rhetoric and blaming other people for our problems. We can't blame all of
our problems on white America."

Jesse L. Jackson, who has embraced tomorrow's march after first shying away from
it out of concern over Farrakhan's role, said, "The big challenge we have in the
speeches is to protect the moral tone of healing and upliftment."

Jackson said of Farrakhan: "The broadening of his base will be in how he handles
attacks on him, his tone and in speeches. Leadership is always tested in that
way."

Farrakhan already has been accorded some legitimacy by mainstream black
politicians. Texas state Rep. Al Edwards, chairman of the Democratic National
Committee black caucus, said: "He has proven that he can draw more people than
any other man in the world, so he's got to be dealt with in a very positive
way." Edwards, long a political follower of Jackson, has acknowledged
Farrakhan's growing clout by inviting him to an African American leadership
summit to be held in Washington in January.

Jeffrey Weintraub, director of the Washington regional office of the American
Jewish Committee, noted that Farrakhan and his deputies increasingly have been
welcomed in church pulpits and at community prayer events and that the Nation of
Islam's anti-crime patrols and health clinics in poor neighborhoods have earned
commendations and thanks from officials in cities where they operate, as well as
admiration from the Congressional Black Caucus.

"He's already been invited into polite society. He's already been embraced by
mainstream leaders," Weintraub said. "In a way, the legitimation of Louis
Farrakhan has already occurred."

And, Weintraub said, tomorrow's march, "whether anyone wants to admit it or not"
inevitably will be "about Louis Farrakhan and the Nation of Islam. It will
elevate him and give him power."

Farrakhan's role in the march and its deeper meaning already are the subject of
much discussion in the black community, where it is clear many feel there is a
void in leadership.

Few are willing to say that Farrakhan fills that void, but they acknowledge that
not many others could have pulled off the Million Man March the way Farrakhan
appears to have done.

"If Jesse had a march on the mall, would the Republicans of Congress really
care?" asked David Bositis, a senior political analyst for the Joint Center of
Political and Economic Studies, a Washington-based think tank.

"What a lot of participants in the march are interested in is the future,"
Bositis said. "They don't want to hear about Martin Luther King again, the
struggle and all. They've heard it before. They want to know: What about the
future?"

Still, Sylvester Murray, director of the public management program at Cleveland
State University, argued that "this is not a statement that all blacks will
blindly follow Farrakhan."

"He's not going to be our new black leader," Murray said. "He's not going to run
for political office, and he's not going to lead us all into the Nation of
Islam."

However, Murray said, "they are saying they will listen to his ideas and those
they think are beneficial to the full black community they will accept his
leadership on."

Indeed, television station owner Joel Ferguson, of Lansing, Mich., said he's
coming to the march not because of Farrakhan but because of the message of
empowering blacks. He said it is insulting that the "media is so lazy" that it
confers such a leadership role upon Farrakhan.

"It's not person-driven, it's issue-driven," Ferguson said. "That's why the
march organizers can welcome both Johnnie Cochran and Chris Darden."

Caroline Jones, owner of an advertising firm in New York, said she would not
follow Farrakhan or fellow march organizer the Rev. Benjamin F. Chavis Jr.
anywhere because "they are not role models for a lot of people. They bring too
much baggage. They're black leaders, but they're not the kind of leaders I would
want my children to emulate."

Farrakhan's commitment to black separatism as well as his controversial views on
women and Jews are cited by many as obstacles to him assuming a true leadership
role. Chavis is the former NAACP executive director who was fired last year in
connection with a sexual harassment charge.

Roger Wilkins, history professor at George Mason University, warns that those
who march tomorrow cannot ignore these problems.

"You can't march down the street and say 'I'm for black male uplift, but I'm not
for Farrakhan,' " Wilkins said. "Hundreds of thousands of people are marching
and whatever their private thoughts are, they're going to be viewed as
supporting Farrakhan."

Wilkins noted that even well-respected blacks in America who have given their
support to the march, such as Jackson and Dorothy Height, president of the
National Council of Negro Women, could find themselves being held accountable
for how the voice of this march comes across to America.

"They will have to deal with Farrakhan's sexism, racism and antisemitism,"
Wilkins said. "Where they say the issues [of the march] are bigger than
Farrakhan, they're gong to have to deal with this larger Farrakhan and the
baggage he carries with him."

The National Urban League is not participating in the march because of the rift
between the Nation of Islam and other communities, according to the
organization's president, Hugh Price.

"But it's potentially important," Price said. "Obviously, a wake-up call is a
welcome thing provided the spirit is constructive and not polarizing."

But Farrakhan is so popular, in part, Bositis said, because he is so polarizing.
His strongest suit is speaking forcefully about racism and injustice in America
and standing up to white America.

"That's why he's as influential as he is," Bositis said. "A lot of people are
attracted to his critique of racism in America, but his message of separatism is
not widely accepted. I see that as the whole dynamic of Farrakhan.

"His essential weakness as a leader is that he doesn't have a solution that most
people buy into," Bositis added.

Farrakhan's strength, Ronald Brown, 48, said, is that he does not back down from
the white establishment. Brown, a Detroit photographer who formerly worked for
IBM before layoffs, said he attended a Farrakhan rally a few years ago. He
abhors Farrakhan's view of racism and sexism but refers to him as "a necessary
evil."

"He has the nerve, like Malcolm X did, to say the things that need to be said
that Jesse Jackson and other black leaders, like the NAACP, are too political to
say," Brown said.

Don Matthews, a 61-year-old retired Air Force sergeant, said he likes that
Farrakhan has the gall to get in white people's faces, but he's not marching for
Farrakhan. And he doesn't believe the march will elevate Farrakhan's status,
because most blacks don't agree with everything he says.

"Even if he's able to pull this off," Matthews said, "come Tuesday, he's just
plain old Farrakhan."


LOAD-DATE: October 15, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, ap, Louis Farrakhan stands under an old poster of Jesse L.
Jackson at a Chicago rally yesterday.  Louis Farrakhan addresses a Million Man
March rally yesterday at Operation PUSH, a civil rights group founded by Jesse
L. Jackson, on Chicago's South Side.

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                              815 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      The Halifax Daily News (Nova Scotia)

                             March 27, 2006 Monday

Co-worker's remarks should be reported

BYLINE: Van Buren, Abigail

SECTION: DAILY COMICS; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 450  words


DEAR ABBY: A new co-worker seemed to be a nice person and potential friend when
she was hired. However, after a few months, she began making comments to me or
about me in front of others. Sometimes they are good-natured, but more often
they are insulting - although presented as a "joke." I feel this is
inappropriate, especially in the workplace.

I have heard that this is a type of bullying where, if the victim objects, then
the perpetrator belittles him or her as being "oversensitive," thus adding salt
to the wound.

I have noticed that people who play this little mind game on others can dish it
out but can't take it when someone retaliates. I've seen this happen in families
where one sibling is scapegoated and picked on.

I don't want to waste energy playing games, but I don't want to be a victim,
either, so I have decided to ignore the comments and/or interrupt her by
changing the subject or making an excuse to leave the room. Have you any other
suggestions? - NOT A VICTIM

DEAR NOT A VICTIM: When someone is ridiculed in the workplace, it usually isn't
intended to be a joke, nor is it funny. It is intended to make the person appear
less effective.

I do have another suggestion. Report it to your supervisor or office manager,
and explain she is making you uncomfortable. If her "witticisms" fall under a
protected category (gender, religion, race, sexual orientation), she could be
creating a hostile work environment and management needs to be made aware of it.

DEAR ABBY: I have been divorced for two years and am now dating a lady I'll call
Heidi. I have tickets to a rock concert in Las Vegas. I work and earn a modest
income. Heidi works and also makes a modest income. Heidi thinks I should pay
for her airline ticket or not go to the concert.

I want to go, and I want her blessing, but I can't afford her airfare. Is she
being jealous and controlling? Are there any single women out there who would
like to go and pay for their own airline ticket? Help! - STUCK IN VIRGINIA

DEAR STUCK: The answers to your questions are yes and yes. However, if another
woman accompanies you to that concert, you will no longer have to concern
yourself with whether Heidi is jealous or controlling - because I predict she
will be history.

Dear Abby is written by Abigail Van Buren, also known as Jeanne Phillips, and
was founded by her mother, Pauline Phillips. Write Dear Abby at www.DearAbby.com
or P.O. Box 69440, Los Angeles, CA 90069.

Fill in the grid so that every row, every column and every 3x3 grid contains the
digits 1 through 9. No number may be repeated in any row, column or box.

Tips and computer program at www.sudoku.com. Check "Transcon newspapers" on the
Solutions page for the solution.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2006 The Halifax Daily News, a division of Transcontinental Media
                                   Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              816 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                            February 16, 2014 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

A comforter of strangers;
Irma Kurtz's memoirs cover others' travails but few of her own ; MEMOIR

BYLINE: Helen Davies

SECTION: CULTURE;FEATURES; Pg. 46,47

LENGTH: 652 words


MY LIFE IN AGONY Confessions of a Professional Agony Aunt by IRMA KURTZ Alma
£14.99/ebook £12.99 pp278 Irma Kurtz has been Cosmopolitan's professional agony
aunt for almost 40 years. Her no-nonsense compassion, unmuzzled by political
correctness and spiced up with a few sex tips, has attracted postbags of
followers and cemented her global reputation as an arbiter of common sense. The
heartworn, the bitter, the jealous, the anxious, all seek her sage advice. I
have cheated on my husband, should I tell him? I have discovered my partner's
stash of hard-core porn, what do I do? I am single and in my sixties, how can I
boost my sex life? As Kurtz, born in New Jersey in 1935, reveals in this book,
people have always approached her for guidance. The first time, she was 14 years
old, growing up in New York's Catskill Mountains. Sitting alone with only a
strawberry ice cream for company, all "braids and lace-up shoes", she was
approached by a young woman, who sat down and said: "I don't know what to do.
It's my boyfriend. He says he's gonna stop going out with me if I won't
do...'it'."

Kurtz's instinctive response was not to shrink away, ignore her or belittle her,
but to listen and then engage. Her advice? "It stinks. It's blackmail. And if
you do 'it' because he blackmails you, then that makes you partners in crime...
He's not thinking of you, you see? You've got to think of yourself, right?" As
soon as the young woman left, a married woman headed straight for Kurtz's table
and started complaining about her son.

It wasn't until two decades later that Kurtz went professional. After studying
at Columbia University, she embarked on a wandering life as an expat, first in
Paris, then in London, and worked as a waitress, as a PA to the chef and cookery
writer Robert Carrier and as a journalist, interviewing Tennessee Williams. Ever
since, she has survived and thrived on the confessional details of other
people's lives, their innermost fears and fetishes.

Yet in this memoir, Kurtz, who has been an active witness to the social changes
and sexual practices of the past 60 years, gives little of her own intimate
history away. Her default, even in her own book, is still that of a listening
stranger.

This makes it a rather odd reading experience. There is an overarching
chronology to the book, but Kurtz's own confessions are scattered and slight.
She "abandoned her maidenhead in a lifeboat tied to the railing of an upper
deck" en route to Paris, and later fell in love with Douglas, a silverhaired,
blue-eyed Argentinian sailor with whom she lived for a year on Ibiza. The father
of her child is deferentially not named, although the relationship sounds like
it was a loving, if short-lived one. She has smoked marijuana. She also admits
that she considered committing suicide by jumping off the Pont des Arts in
Paris. Living alone in the city, and nearing 30, was just too much to bear. But
she was offered a free ticket to King Lear, and loved the language so much she
decided to come to London, arriving when there were still horse-drawn carts on
the streets, and men in the City wore bowler hats.

It's a shame that Kurtz spends so much time talking about everyone else's
problems when, in her memoir at least, it's really her problems we'd like to
hear about. And she has an annoying habit of repeatedly phrasing everything as
"Common Sense says that..." and "Wisdom says that...". The result is a self-help
pantomime with lots of incredibly sensible advice, but it diminishes her quick
turn of phrase and lightness of touch. So, Common Sense tells me that lots of
people may benefit from reading the advice contained within this book; but
Wisdom tells me that those who are in real need won't be the ones reaching for
such shelf-help - and anyone wanting a meaty memoir will be left wanting.

? Available at the Sunday Times Bookshop price of £13.49 (including p&p) and
£12.99 (ebook) on 0845 271 2135

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sharing the pain Cosmopolitan veteran Kurtz

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2014 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              817 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Jerusalem Post

                           December 19, 2013 Thursday

Canada calls for dismissal of Richard Falk for accusing Israel of 'genocidal'
intentions

BYLINE: TOVAH LAZAROFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 576 words


Canada called on the United Nations Human Rights Council to dismiss its special
investigator Richard Falk after he accused Israel of "genocidal" intentions
against the Palestinians in a brief English language interview on Russian
television.

"Canada has previously called for Falk to be fired for his numerous outrageous
and anti-Semitic statements and these comments underscore once more the complete
and total absurdity of his service as a UN Special Rapporteur," Canada's Foreign
Minister John Baird said in a statement he issued on Monday.

"I call on the United Nations Human Rights Council - once again - to remove Falk
from this position immediately," Baird said. He added that his country rejects
Falk's comments.

"Not only do these comments undermine the fundamental values of the UN, they
also belittle the terrible genocides that have tragically taken place throughout
history and around the world," Baird said.

He spoke in the aftermath of Falk's brief appearance on December 15 on Russia's
English television news program RT. Falk was interviewed for only a few seconds
as part of a larger program on Israel that included an argument that it was
Israel, not Iran, which had a dangerous nuclear program.

Falk was asked about a past article he had written in which he said that Israel
was "slouching toward nothing less than a Palestinian holocaust."

Falk told RT, "When you target a group, an ethnic group and inflict this kind of
punishment upon them, you are in effect nurturing a kind of criminal intention
that is genocidal."

Israel's Foreign Ministry spokesman Yigal Palmor also attacked Falk's
statements.

"This man has already branded himself as the radical version of extremism,"
Palmor said.

"This man has been known for years for his strident racism, verbal violence and
obsessional disparaging of Israel and others and for that he was the target of
unprecedented criticism by many in the UN including the secretary-general. The
fact that such a conspiracist, hate monger remains on the UN payroll is a moral
stain on his employer," said Palmor.

Falk, who is a professor Emeritus of international law at Princeton University,
was appointed in 2008 to a six-year position as the UN's special rapporteur on
the situation of human rights in the Palestinian territories.

But even before he was appointed he had warned against a pending Palestinian
holocaust. He has also written about possible American complicity in the
September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center in New York and
the Pentagon in Washington, DC.

In the aftermath of his comments, UN Watch, a non-governmental Geneva based
group that monitors UN activity, has called for Falk's removal in letters that
it wrote both UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and US ambassador to the UN in
New York Samantha Powers. But Falk can only be removed by a vote of the UNHRC in
Geneva.

UN Watch Executive Director Hillel Neuer said that Falk's comments were
"outrageous" and a "warrant for terrorism" against Israel.

Accusing Israel of genocidal intentions legitimizes violence against Israel,
Neuer said.

"If Israel has genocidal intentions than what isn't permissible to do against
Israel."

The US, which is a member of the UNHRC, must take the lead in pushing for Falk's
removal, said Neuer.

"The US has forcibly promoted the narrative that the council has been made
credible, effective and authoritative, it bears a special responsibility to
initiate the removal of Falk," Neuer said.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 2 Photos: John Baird. Richard Falk (Credit: Reuters. UN News Center)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              818 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            April 16, 2011 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

GAS PRICE OBSESSION ISN'T GIVING US CONTROL

BYLINE: Chris Rickert

SECTION: LOCAL; Chris Rickert; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 473 words


This is a column about rising gas prices.

But if you're looking for the standard insights into why they are going up, when
they will go down, and what a collection of randomly selected motorists say
about how higher prices will affect their ability to travel on Memorial Day or
eat out twice a month, you'll have to go elsewhere.

Because I'm determined not to care about any of that.

I don't mean to belittle the very real anxiety people in difficult financial
straits feel about how higher gas prices affect their lives.

But judging by the media attention given to every jump in gas prices, the legion
of gas-price analysts, and the many drivers who can regularly quote the lowest
gas prices in town as if they were their children's birth dates, our keen
interest in the cost of filling up our tanks often seems as much a manufactured
mass hysteria as a reasonable response to the price of a single, albeit
important, commodity.

Worse, gas prices are a classic example of something that affects almost all of
us but over which we have no control - a recipe for driving ourselves berserk.

While it is possible to live a middle-class existence without a gasoline-powered
internal combustion engine to get from one place to another, it's not easy. And
what we or any of our elected officials can do about the price of gas is
basically nil.

I've long suspected that part of our fascination with the price of gas is due to
the way it enters our consciousness - calculated down to the tenth of a cent on
large, prominent signs along well-traveled routes.

If the prices of our water, bread, electricity or other basic necessities were
advertised in such a way, might a price differential of a penny or two have us
driving around town for the best deal?

Gas price advertising "makes price so salient," said Deborah Mitchell, executive
director of the UW-Madison Center for Brand and Product Management. And that
causes the consumer to shut out just about everything else about a gas station
(like whether its bathrooms are clean).

"It like slaps you upside the head," she said, and "absolutely" contributes to
the anxiety drivers experience as prices go up. She compared constant price
awareness to something dieters are told not to do: get on a scale every day and
risk accelerating the emotional roller coaster dieting already is.

Mitchell said it's wise to learn gas price coping skills now, because
"volatility is here to stay." She suggested making and sticking to a budget.
What you spend on gas then becomes just one of many factors in a larger spending
plan, which, for the most part, you can control.

Or you could try my method: Every time you pass a gas station, look away.

Contact Chris Rickert at 608-252-6198 or crickert@madison.com, as well as on
Facebook and Twitter (@ChrisRickertWSJ). His column appears Tuesday, Thursday,
Saturday and Sunday.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              819 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               New York Observer

                                January 19, 2011

More Weiner Hijinks on the House Floor ]VIDEO(

LENGTH: 67 words


Anthony Weiner took to the floor of the House yesterday to again belittle the
Republicans for attempting to repeal the Affordable Care Act.

"Just a word on the whole 'government takeover' thing," Weiner said to his
Republican colleagues. "I mean, I love you guys, I know you're caught up in the
rhetoric of the campaign. This is--this is the tax breaks that are going to go
to citizens to buy--wait for...

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Observer, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              820 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             August 31, 2009 Monday
                                 Metro Edition

Readers Write

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 1125 words


LETTER OF THE DAY: Weaver and his ilk should get off the sidelines and into the
game

After reading Minnesota Business Partnership Executive Director Charlie Weaver's
Aug. 25 commentary "In global economy, schools must stretch," regarding No Child
Left Behind testing, we have a challenge. Weaver and the 100 or more CEOs he
represents should take the tests our high school students do. Perhaps Gov. Tim
Pawlenty could take them also. Help such as that on the TV show "Are You Smarter
Than a 5th Grader?" would not be given. The Star Tribune could print the
results.

I wonder if Weaver and his fellow CEOs have ever made a visit to a Minnesota
high school? Have they ever asked teachers for their input? Have they ever
volunteered to be a tutor?

It is easy to be a critic, but perhaps the collective brainpower of Weaver's
organization could create some constructive suggestions to improve test scores.

CORDELL and KAREN GUSE, New Brighton

FUNDING FOR THE ARTS

Don't belittle teachers' classroom contributions

As the parent of an elementary school child, I resent the comments of Pat
Beckmann of the Waseca Arts Council ("For the arts, a timely boost," Aug. 24).
Beckmann was discussing the stimulus funding for the arts and stated that
perhaps teachers in the schools only cut little tulips out in the spring or do
"some, you know, little hokey art project."

My child is enrolled in a Minneapolis public school that has a designated art
teacher. The instructor puts much thought into the curriculum, including
projects that incorporate art from the various countries or ethnicities
represented at the school.

I am all for funneling some of the stimulus money to various arts organizations
but not to promote narrow, elitist views of what art is in the community. Art,
like beauty, is truly in the eye of the beholder, and even springtime tulips
crafted from construction paper can bring joy to the child carefully cutting
them out as well as the delighted family member who receives them.

VIKKTORIA CRIST, MINNEAPOLIS

---

Because of my job in the arts, people will be coming to Waseca on Sept. 12 to
hear a concert. I hired a band that does an outstanding Johnny Cash tribute, and
the Waseca Arts Council Board is paying fees and setting up beverage booths to
provide a great evening in a barn south of Waseca.

Many people coming for the event will stop in town and purchase gas, others may
come early and have dinner at one of the many great restaurants our small town
offers. And still others may make a weekend of it and spend the night at one of
our motels. Maybe they will enjoy spending the day at the Waseca waterpark,
where entry is only $5, or pay green fees for a round of golf at the Waseca
Lakeside Golf Club.

The really smart ones will opt for a great massage at Healing Hands Spa in
Waseca or a style and cut at one of our great salons where prices are still
near, or under $50.

Although there's no Target or Macy's nearby, shopping is great at a cute little
boutique called The Two of Us, not to mention many other gift and antique stores
in the community.

So, although some may find my job unworthy of federal stimulus dollars, surveys
have proved the arts are an essential economic tool. Not only do I and my
assistant remain contributing members of the workforce, but the work that we do
helps to make Waseca a more vibrant and economically viable place to live.

PATRICIA BECKMANN, WASECA, MINN.;

EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, WASECA ARTS COUNCIL

DREW ANDERSON

He paid his debt to society, so leave him alone

I never cease to be amazed at the pettiness, paranoia and outright immaturity
that normally reasonable adults exhibit when confronted with a person who has a
criminal record.

The case of Drew Anderson, Waconia's public utilities director, is unbelievable.
As a city employee, he was convicted of rape in 1995. He remained employed,
completed his sentence of probation and has been a productive member of society
ever since, rising to the position he currently holds.

Now, because the local newspaper felt it had a scoop by exposing a nearly
15-year-old conviction, this hardworking citizen is not only facing public
humiliation, but possible dismissal from his job?

Waconians who are upset need to realize that an astounding number of Americans
have criminal records. The majority function normally and responsibly, not
advertising their past mistakes or facing prejudice.

KARL KLASSNER, RICHFIELD

LEONARD PELTIER

He showed no mercy; why should we?

The Aug. 25 Letter of the Day suggesting Leonard Peltier deserves parole is at
best a joke. Peltier is not an "activist"; he is a cold-blooded murderer.

Everybody in prison says they were "framed." The evidence shows that Peltier is
guilty of the ambush of two FBI agents (men with families) who were doing their
jobs. The agents were shot down and then they were executed by Peltier and his
cohorts.

The fact that the American Indian community has historically been mistreated is
horrible, yet irrelevant. Also irrelevant is what happened to the Libyan bomber
of Pan Am Flight 103.

The FBI did not decide what sentence Peltier received, nor does it determine his
parole status.

To many of us, the appropriate sentence would have been the death penalty.

E.G. WIDSETH, EDINA

---

I would like to ask the author of the Aug 25 letter "FBI should have taken
Scottish cue and paroled Peltier" how she would feel if one of the FBI agents
that this man had murdered was her son, father, brother or grandfather? Would
she still want to see Peltier out enjoying the remainder of his life, while one
of her loved ones had been robbed of theirs?

KENT ROCKHOLD, MAPLE GROVE

PAN AM BOMBER FREED

Think about it: Scotland made a wise decision

Two well-known facts are that prisoners receive much better hospital treatment
than most of us and the last few months of our lives are the most costly.

So it should please the opponents of the release of the cancer-stricken Pan Am
Flight 103 bomber Abdelbaset al-Megrahi that he will die in pain rather than in
comfort and the practical Scots spared themselves the exorbitant costs of
providing care for the hated murderer.

Leave vengeance to the Lord, the good book says.

KRZYSZTOF FRANKOWSKI, MINNEAPOLIS

DEFICIT SOARS

It's time Washington lived within its means

With the budget bombshell dropped on Washington by the Obama administration
budget office that deficits could grow as large $9 trillion ("An ocean of red
ink growing deeper," Aug. 25), it is essential that the people of this nation
shout, "Stop this insanity!"

We are on an unsustainable course, and both the public and our political leaders
need to be made aware of the fate of nations whose spending obligations far
outpace the financial resources available to support those obligations. That
fate is ruin.

LANCE IVERSON, HUTCHINSON, MINN.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              821 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                              May 30, 2008 Friday
                        1 - First with the news Edition

Man-beater Danica off the rails at Indy

BYLINE: Gordon Lomas

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 111

LENGTH: 245  words


FEMALE firebrand Danica Patrick once said she needs to beat men, belittle them
and make them feel small.

Of course, she was talking about her male rivals in the Indy Racing League.

But Patrick is fast becoming known as the ``superbitch'' of the American
open-wheel motor racing category after her altercation with Australia's Ryan
Briscoe during the Indianapolis 500 last weekend.

A stony-faced Patrick reacted angrily after Briscoe made contact with her left
rear wheel when he was exiting his Penske pit bay with 29 laps of the 200-lap
Indy 500 remaining.

She stormed down the pit lane on foot, still wearing her helmet, to confront
Briscoe who remained strapped in his Penske machine. She was persuaded by track
officials and her Andretti-Green team minder to abort her rampage and was
escorted from the pit lane back to her team.

Patrick had become enraged about the handling of her Dallara-Honda during the
race, often screaming over her on-board radio back to the pits that the car was
``slow'' and demanding her crew do something about it.

Briscoe, a cool-headed driver, said in his opinion Patrick had room to move to
her right as he merged out of the pit.

``We're both out there trying to win the Indy 500 and when it's time to go,
we've got to go,'' he said. ``From what I could see there was still plenty of
room on the right side for her to get around.''

The incident marred a sizzling win by Brisbane-born Kiwi Scott Dixon who became
the first Kiwi to win the race.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CML


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              822 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            February 5, 2007 Monday

Room for all kinds of heroes

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 1131 words


Room for all kinds of heroes

There was no need to belittle the death of the racehorse Barbaro by printing the
Feb. 1 editorial cartoon by Scott Stantis.

We all admire and mourn the troops. However, can't we also mourn other heroes?
Barbaro was a brave fighter in trying to overcome that injury. He made medical
history in the veterinary world.

There is plenty of room for all kinds of heroes in our hearts and newsprint.

KORRINNE FICK BERENS

Hastings

Catastrophic temperatures

Ted Balaker and Sam Staley ("Busting five myths about our car-happy culture,"
Feb. 1) make the case that our driving habits are not as damaging to the planet
as we have all been led to believe. They cite the chief scientist at the U.S.
Center for Atmospheric Research as saying that even if every country meets the
standards of reducing carbon-dioxide emissions set forth in the Kyoto Protocol,
the Earth would cool by only 0.07 degrees Celsius by 2050.

They do not mention that the U.N. Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change
(IPCC) says the warming effects caused by our pollution over the past 30 years
will continue to be felt until 2100.

They also note that the IPCC report has a wide range of possible increases in
global temperature and that the scientists are uncertain where in the range the
actual increase will be. In fact, an increase of 1.4 degrees, the low end of the
scale, would be catastrophic.

ERIK P. BAL

Minneapolis

Now, let's

move on

Let's get the story straight. The Michele Bachmann interaction with President
Bush following the State of the Union address was more than a hand on the
president's shoulder. Are there bigger issues in the news? Of course. But tacky
and inappropriate behavior on the part of a congresswoman is newsworthy. That
being clarified, let's move on to critical topics.

MARILYN McGOWAN

St Paul

Focus on current guy in power

Ha, ha. Ohhh, I get it. At least Michele Bachmann wasn't holding the president
"below the belt," like what would have happened with our past president --
that's Bill Clinton! I get it.

And then the Feb. 1 letter writer reminded us to focus on the real issues
affecting our country, like the war and Social Security and health insurance.
Tell you what. How about you focus on the actions of the guy who's currently in
office, and not hearken back to someone who's long gone. Those things and more
are the current president's responsibility now, and unless he steps up and does
his job, the not-so-funny joke will be on us.

BRIAN TURNER

New Hope

Reviewer does

what few do

I'm not interested in getting into a PC vs. Mac debate here. Having used a PC at
work since Windows 3.1, as well as a Mac at home for more than a year, I can see
advantages and disadvantages with each.

I think it very unfair, though, of the letter writer who claimed that Julio
Ojeda-Zapata's "reviews are so biased they're unreadable." I've always enjoyed
Ojeda-Zapata's reviews and articles and think that he does what so few people in
the media do -- tell us about hardware and software for both platforms.

Until recently, the world has been dominated by Windows-based products, and it's
refreshing to see another viewpoint included. I appreciate reading about the
best in both worlds, and I fail to see why someone would complain about having
to do so. If a company is promoting its new product as revolutionary, yet it's
similar to another product already on the market, why not mention that?

MARY WUSSOW

Hastings

Too much like

common sense

Norbert Hirschhorn ("One hour with Venus...", Jan. 24), having worked with the
Minnesota Department of Health, must have known about mercury in vaccines as
well. I find it curious he would share so much about the dangers of this poison,
yet fail to mention mercury in vaccines.

Arguments are made that even "setting a preference for mercury-free vaccines"
would create an unnecessary fear of vaccination, changing the topic. Apparently,
thinking we may simply want to avoid the mercury might sound too much like
common sense, especially when mercury-free vaccines are available.

TIM KASEMODEL

Wayzata

The writer is vice president of the Minnesota Natural Health Legal Reform
Project.

A better

question

In regard to Sen. Barack Obama and the U.S. presidency, the national media have
been asking, "Is America ready for an African-American president?" Now, is this
not a racist, tainted question and about as stupid as asking, "Is America ready
for a blond president?"

How is a person of color any different from a white person ... other than the
irrational, nonexistent differences that racism teaches and reinforces? Other
than appearance, a tall person is no different from a short person. Why should
skin color be any different?

A more appropriate question might be, "Is an African-American president ready
for a bigoted America?"

FRANK ERICKSON

Minneapolis

End tuition

agreement

As a low-income University of Minnesota undergrad, I feel that the U of M should
withdraw from the Minnesota-Wisconsin reciprocity agreement as soon as possible.
It is unfair that Minnesota students should to be left to pick up the slack left
by underpaying students from Wisconsin.

There is a simple reason why tuition is higher for students at the U of M -- you
get what you pay for.

Wisconsin has always been a step behind Minnesota when it comes to education,
and this applies as much to higher education as to primary and secondary
schools. The size of the system and the fact that professors' time is split
between teaching and research may cause some slacking students to feel like they
are caught in an impersonal system; however, those students who are committed to
their education can shine and develop good, lasting relationships with their
professors.

PATRICK R. WALLACE

St. Paul

Can't have it

both ways

What kind of hypocrisy and miscarriage of justice is this? A man is accused of
beating his pregnant girlfriend, which caused the death of her unborn baby
("Mother-to-be beaten in plain view of security cam" Jan. 31). The Ramsey County
attorney then charges him with assault of the mother and murder of the unborn
baby.

The assault charge I can understand, but in a state where it is legal for a
doctor to murder an unborn child, how can it not be legal for someone who is not
a doctor to do the same? You cannot have it both ways. It is murder for both
people; one is held accountable and one is not. Let's get consistent in the law
and charge such murders to both guilty parties, including the mothers who choose
to have someone murder their unborn babies.

DICK HOUCK

Roseville

Contradiction?

I read with horror the report on the man who beat his pregnant girlfriend
resulting in the death of her child. If this same man were an abortionist, he
could have legally murdered this child yet be charged with no crime at all. Am I
the only one who is confused?

EUGENE CHATELAINE

Inver Grove Heights

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              823 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 19, 2005 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Aid to Africa, From a Rock Star

SECTION: Section A; Column 6; Editorial Desk; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 129 words



To the Editor:

Paul Theroux asks whether there is anything ''more annoying'' than ''being
hectored about African development by a wealthy Irish rock star in a cowboy
hat.'' I have an answer: being chided by a wealthy travel writer in a Hawaiian
beach town that I should not help starving Malawians because they should take
care of their own problems.

Maybe Africans owe a duty unto their own, but there's no reason to belittle
those in the West who raise awareness and support for difficult causes. Most
Americans hardly know Malawi from Maui and have never seen real, abject poverty:
if Bono and Bill Gates so much as teach Americans to know and feel deeply for
those outside our borders, they've done our country a tremendous service.

Jim Herriott
Nashville, Tenn., Dec. 15, 2005

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              824 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Philadelphia Inquirer

                   February 26, 2003 Wednesday CITY-D EDITION

The congressman went too far;
Greenwood should have explained U.S. policy rather than belittle a student.

BYLINE: By Bob Martin

SECTION: COMMUNITY VOICES; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 738 words


U.S. Rep. Jim Greenwood's reply last week to a Bucks County high school
student's comments on U.S. policy on Iraq brought to mind a scene I witnessed 32
years ago while in the Navy.

We were in the waning years of the Vietnam War. I was stationed at the Pentagon.
John Chafee, a former governor and future U.S. senator from Rhode Island, was
secretary of the Navy. And on this night, I heard him speak on U.S. military
policy before a raucously hostile crowd at Georgetown University.

The audience screamed rhetorical questions at him. He answered to constant jeers
and heckling. Only once did he show sarcasm, when a student muddled through his
question and Chafee answered, "Who's on first?" - alluding to the Abbott and
Costello comedy sketch. Throughout it all, this ex-Marine and World War II
veteran stood tall. When I introduced myself to him at the reception afterward,
I could see that he was proud of his performance. He deserved to be.

Now comes Greenwood, whose 10 years in Congress have been marked by
accomplishment and intelligence, all of which has added up to job security, as a
post-2002 election campaign kitty of $282,500 would attest.

Last Wednesday, he went to Pennsbury High School in Fairless Hills for his
annual visit with the school's government and history classes. During the
session, student Jeff Heinbach questioned Greenwood's assertions that the Bush
administration had many humanitarian reasons for going to war. Heinbach then
contended that the administration was "whitewashing" information and that the
current embargo and impending war were not the proper solution.

Greenwood said he admired Heinbach for speaking out. But instead of laying out
the administration's position, which he supports, he laid out the 18-year-old
senior.

He said Heinbach was essentially calling the administration liars. He called him
a cynic, and said, "It is not good for you or anybody around you to be cynical."
He declared, "To me, you sound like someone whose opinions might exceed your
knowledge base." And, according to Inquirer staff writer Kellie Patrick, when
Heinbach introduced a comment by saying that he didn't expect to ever become a
congressman, Greenwood interjected, "No, I don't think that's going to happen,
either."

It's not enough to say that these comments are insulting. There was just no
cause for them. This was not The O'Reilly Factor. This was not a congressional
inquiry into Enron, which Greenwood has led. This was not a partisan assault on
his worthiness for office. This was an 18-year-old mustering up all his nerve at
a school forum to raise concerns about a possible war.

After thanking the young man for his concerns, Greenwood would have done the
administration just fine by forcefully arguing for its policy and concluding
that the protection of free speech and dissent is what distinguishes our great
country from certain foreign dictatorships.

But no, Greenwood did not go down that road. He defended his verbal put-down by
saying it was a conscious decision not to pull punches. He said he was trying to
teach Heinbach and other students a lesson - that it's good to be skeptical but
bad to be cynical.

I would ask who is the cynic here? Heinbach referred to the government's
"whitewashing" of information and Greenwood accused him of calling the
administration liars. It took Solomon Sofolaw, another student in the audience,
to clarify the context: "He meant [the information given to the public] is
sugar-coated." If a high school student can understand this, why can't a
six-term congressman whose expertise runs the gamut from human cloning to
bioterrorism and interstate transportation of waste?

On departing Pennsbury High School last week, Greenwood said of his exchange
with Heinbach: "I thought it was an important lesson for him and everyone else
in the room. Words matter. There are consequences of speech. If you make an
assertion, you have to expect it to be challenged."

John Chafee, who died in 1999, knew the wisdom of those words. I saw him defend
an unpopular policy with dignity and grace while taking all manner of verbal
abuse.

Before Jim Greenwood can be an effective teacher, he needs to learn from his own
lessons. When he verbally beats up a high school kid, he should know the
consequences of such remarks - and apologize.

Contact Pennsylvania commentary editor Bob Martin at 610-313-8027 or
rmartin@phillynews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2003 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              825 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

               September 22, 1998, Tuesday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

SPECIAL REPORT: THE CLINTON CRISIS: NEW DOCUMENTS;
STARR REPORT NOTEBOOK;
Ex-lover: Hyde lied, then, now

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 07D

LENGTH: 816 words


The former lover of Rep. Henry Hyde (R-Ill.) charged that the chairman of the
House Judiciary Committee lied last week in his public statement about his
affair with her, according to Salon online magazine. Cherie Soskin, now 62 and a
resident of San Antonio, said the long-term extramarital affair lasted far
longer than Hyde said it did.

Hyde had said the relationship ended when the woman's husband, Fred Snodgrass,
confronted Hyde's wife, Jeanne, five years after the affair began. But the next
day, Soskin challenged Hyde's account and said it continued at least 2 1/2 years
after that.

"My mother is very mad about Henry Hyde's statement --- she thinks it belittles
the importance of their relationship," Salon quoted Soskin's daughter as saying.
Salon said the daughter asked that her name not be published because of the
media firestorm surrounding the story. "Hyde called it a 'youthful
indiscretion,' like it was just a fling or something. What a laugh. My mother
said it was a long-term relationship."

Hyde was 41 years old when his affair with Soskin began in 1965, and by her
account was nearly 50 when the sexual relationship finally ended. It is Hyde's
committee that will decide whether President Clinton's sexual misbehavior and
his efforts to keep it secret should be grounds for possible impeachment.

In an interview with her hometown newspaper, the San Antonio Express-News,
Soskin said Hyde had lied to her about his marital status during their affair.
"I did not know he was married," she told the newspaper. Probe of Tripp tapes

Prosecutor Kenneth Starr is investigating whether Linda Tripp lied about the
tape recordings she made of her friend Monica Lewinsky. The FBI's Audio Signal
Analysis Unit in Quantico, Va., found that nine of the tapes are not consistent
with being recorded on the machine Tripp says she used to record Lewinsky's
phone conversations about her relationship with Clinton. In material released
Monday by the House Judiciary Committee, Starr disclosed that seven of the nine
tapes that exhibit signs of duplication are consistent with the use of a single
tape recorder. If Tripp ''duplicated any tapes herself or knew of their
duplication, then she has lied under oath before the grand jury and in a
deposition,'' Starr's office stated. Tripp spokesman Philip Coughter said any
suggestion Tripp lied is ''not true.'' He declined to elaborate. Tripp testified
that the tapes passed through the hands of two of her lawyers before they were
provided to Starr's office in January. Too much for Whitman After watching some
of the videotape of Clinton's grand jury testimony on television during a trade
mission to Mexico, New Jersey Gov. Christie Whitman called for him to resign.
She said that ''his disdain for the truth is a national disgrace.'' Whitman, a
Republican, said she was most offended by Clinton's argument that his
relationship with Monica Lewinsky didn't fit a narrow legal definition of sexual
relations. ''When I heard some of the definitions about what applied to whom
when, it was just mind-boggling,'' she said. ''I don't know what I can believe
of what this president says now or in the future about this or any other
issue.'' Blumenthal challenge

Sidney Blumenthal says it time to put up or shut up, challenging any journalist
with whom he had confidential dealings to blow the whistle on him. Feeling
unfairly smeared on charges of leaking the tale of Hyde's 1960s affair, the
White House aide wants to prove that he had no part in the story reported by
Salon magazine. His attorney, William McDaniel, said Sunday on ABC's ''This
Week'' that any reporter who says Blumenthal whispered about Hyde's sex life is
hereby released from an agreement to protect Blumenthal as the source. ''Let's
hear the names," McDaniel said. Towns named Clinton Towns bearing the name
Clinton are occasionally being associated with the White House scandal. In New
Jersey, a legislator has proposed to rename the towns of Clinton and Clinton
Township to Reagan and Reagan Township. But Clinton Mayor Allie McGaheran hasn't
given much credence to the proposal, according to the Camden Courier-News,
noting that neither community was named for the president. Why some wives stay

''Hang in there, wrap yourself in God and hang on to your child.'' That's the
expert advice that Effi Barry has for Hillary Rodham Clinton. The woman who
married Washington Mayor Marion Barry in 1978, sat through lurid testimony about
his womanizing and left him after his 1990 misdemeanor crack cocaine conviction
told Oprah Winfrey last week that political marriages differ from other unions.
She said she learned to ''take in a room in 60 seconds'' and know which women
would catch her husband's eye. When Winfrey asked why she thought the first lady
keeps standing by her man, Barry replied: ''It's about the mission. It's about
public service.''

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Final These briefs are part of a Special Report: The Clinton Crisis.

GRAPHIC: Photo :
 The first lady kept busy Monday as her husband's grand jury testimony
 was broadcast. Here she addresses a panel at a conference on
 Strengthening Democracy in the Global Economy. / GREG GIBSON /
 Associated Press

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                              826 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                                 March 17, 1998

Near-genius of pioneer pilot

SECTION: Pg.24

LENGTH: 501 words


WITH reference to the article in the WMN concerning the date of the first
powered manned flight.

Although it is possible that New Zealander Richard Pearse managed to become
airborne, the criteria which has been accepted is that the flight had to be
fully controlled by the pilot in all axes.

This was not possible in the machine constructed by Richard Pearse, and there is
no reason to doubt that the first fully authenticated, fully controlled powered
flight took place on December 17, 1903, with Wilbur Wright as the pilot.

This letter is by no means intended to belittle the achievements of the farmer's
son working in obscurity in Waitohi and allowing few people to intrude on his
activities.

His success in designing an internal combustion engine, using only components
available from the farming world and scrap available to him, which stretched to
the earliest form of a variable pitch propeller, was the work of a very talented
yet self-taught engineer almost amounting to genius. There is no doubt that if
Pearse had access to a well-found engineering workshop, he would have made a
tremendous contribution to the early days of aviation.

Your contributor, however, is incorrect in the assertion that the Wright
Brothers had skilled engineers and US Government grants, with the associated
publicity, to assist them in their experiments and exploration of aeronautics,
although of course they had all the books and pamphlets on the subject available
to them.

This would have included knowledge from the British hang-glider pioneer Percy
Pilcher and German enthusiast Otto Lilienthal, both of whom were killed in the
pursuit of furthering their understanding of practical aviation.

The Wrights were manufacturers of bicycles in Dayton, Ohio, and would have had
the use of the modern machinery at their disposal, but their efforts were
entirely self-financed and all the work entirely their own.

They had built at least three-man carrying gliders, one which had flown more
than a thousand times, before the commencement of Flyer No 1, and so had
mastered the art of control of flying machines at an early stage.

To further their knowledge of aerodynamics they had made the first wind tunnel
to try out various wing shapes and cambers (aerofoils) before deciding on the
final configuration.

The engine, too, they built and designed themselves from scratch as there was no
other available that was light enough for their purpose.

In order to save drag, the pilot assumed a prone position, and to save weight
there was no undercarriage.

The decision to build a scale replica of Pearse's first machine, for exhibition
at the Flambards Theme Park, is one which will delight those who consider that
his genius and dedication, despite all the odds against him, never achieved the
heights which he so fully deserves. And this will go some way to redressing the
injustices which Richard Pearse has suffered for so long.

Denis Ellery

Chairman

Cornish Aviation Society

St Columb Major

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 1998 Western Morning News


                              827 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                          February 28, 1998, Saturday,

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. 8A, VOICE OF THE PEOPLE

LENGTH: 966 words


Too many scandal details reported

I know that people tend to be a gossipy lot and the media react to that.

However, that's what the tabloids are for. When I read the newspaper or watch
the news, I want the real news. It's like bringing all the ''who does whom''
into the board room meeting. Not the time or place.

Maybe we have another president who's a floozy. Not overly surprising, and not
to belittle what may be unwanted and criminal advances.

Granted, a lot of us are interested in the final outcome. Was he responsible?
Will he assume responsibility if he was? Will he lie about it and cover it up?

That tells us who we put in office and how our country is being run. I think the
charges should be investigated but the blow-by-blow ''he said, she said'' should
be saved for the tell-all books we'll be flooded with after the verdict.

Another thought crosses my mind. If the situation in Iraq doesn't go well, is
this an ''out'' we're giving him: ''Well, if I'd been able to do my job . . . .
''

Susan McKinnon

Windham

THE RECENT headlines about ''presidential affairs'' might be more appropriately
placed under the ''gossip column.'' It's become a ''he-said, she-said,'' or more
accurately, ''he didn't say . . . what she said.''

I don't condone any alleged wrongful acts of President Clinton. I'm just feeling
rather melancholy over the resources (our time, energy and money) that we
continue to waste in our ''throw-away'' culture.

In such a rapidly changing world, we've no longer the luxury to waste our
ever-so-precious resources on all the rhetoric that can sap the very life force
out of us. And yet we continue to snap the pictures, we continue to write and we
continue to read elaborate stories which may not mean much after all is said and
done. Isn't it common knowledge that the truth belongs to the most convincing
salesperson?

Enough is enough. Until such a case has actual foundation, let's stop
speculating and supposing and gossiping. Let's talk shop. As an educated nation,
we must demand that focus is placed on the more pertinent issues. The issues
that affect our everyday lives. Let's talk shop.

What about the issues of waste management? What about ground water
contamination? What about the continued problem of homelessness?

What about restoring and creating new services to the elderly? What about the
uninsured, the underinsured? What about the under-served, the poor? Yes, let's
talk shop and stop wasting our resources on the rest.

Denise Bouchard-Crowley

Springvale

Second-hand smoke serious health threat

''Steve Meyers' View'' on Feb. 5 appears to be a slap at the proposed ordinance
that would reduce second-hand smoke in restaurants. To equate ''coffee breath''
to second-hand tobacco smoke reveals an acute lack of understanding of the
effects of second-hand tobacco smoke.

To express this view, Mr. Meyers must be unaware that the Environmental
Protection Agency classifies second-hand smoke a Group A cancer causing agent
(the same as asbestos and benzene). He must be unaware that restaurant workers
face a 50- to 90-percent higher risk of dying from lung cancer because of their
exposure to second-hand smoke. He must be unaware that exposure to second-hand
smoke increases the incidence of heart disease and bladder cancer. He must be
unaware that children exposed to second-hand smoke have more ear infections,
bronchitis and sinusitis.

He must be unaware that there are people in Portland for whom exposure to even
small amounts of tobacco smoke can trigger a serious or potentially fatal asthma
attack. He must be unaware that the Foundation for Blood Research conducted a
study which measured the nicotine levels in Portland infants who were exposed to
tobacco smoke. He must be unaware that 69 percent of Portland residents support
the elimination of smoking in restaurants.

I hope that he and all the citizens of Portland will make themselves aware of
these and other facts about second-hand smoke and support the proposed
ordinance. Portland's citizens deserve the right to breathe clean air in
restaurants and other public areas.

Alan Hull

Portland

School tuition vouchers are every parent's right

On tuition vouchers, John W. Porter and Sen. Susan Collins (''Undermining public
schools,'' Jan. 20) are clueless - disrespectful of parents' rights and
responsibilities, misinformed, out of touch with reality, callously indifferent
to the fate of millions of children. Both dismiss parents' rights.

Every other Western democracy save the United States, with its anti-Catholic
Know-Nothing history, recognizes that the right of parents to choose a religious
or private school carries a claim to a share of education tax funds.

That constitutionally protected right is effectively denied to many Americans
when they must pay education taxes but are denied use of those funds if they
choose a nonstate school. The founding fathers sent their children to
church-related schools supported by tax funds.

On average, the cost of parochial and private school education is no more than,
but less than, at state schools. Many parochial schools have a high proportion
of children from low-income families.

Our racist history, huge underemployment and failures of family nurturing and
social programs have resulted in schools to which responsible parents cannot
send their children.

Porter and Collins: ''Tough. Maybe in a few years, probably too late for your
kids, your public school will be better.''

Collins' affluent parents would not have settled for that, nor would Porter. He
would get a second mortgage or job, whatever necessary to pay tuition at a good
school. To those who can't, they say, ''No vouchers.'' Their kids? ''To the
Dumpster.''

William H. Slavick

Portland

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 1998 Guy Gannett Communications, Inc.


                              828 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                         August 31, 1996, CITY EDITION

NEW MARRIAGE LAW

BYLINE: From DR MOOSAJEE BHAMJEE, TD and PEADAR MCNAMARA, PRO

SECTION: EDITORIAL PAGE; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 319 words


Sir, We are astonished at the utterances of Father Maurice Dooley, who belittles
and dismisses the 1995 Family Law Act which requires three months' notice of
marriage to be given to the district registry office. Father Dooley heaps scorn
and contempt on the new Act, which was welcomed by the Conference of Irish
Bishops and, indeed, parallels the Roman Catholic requirements of obligatory pre
marriage courses.

Elsewhere throughout the world, similar guidelines exist, except in Las Vegas
and Reno. In the United Kingdom, state registration is recorded immediately
after the church wedding service.

As for "Irish tomfoolery and stupidity" which his reverence ascribes to the new
law, it is worth recalling that until the Church's introduction of the pre
marriage counselling requirement, some people entered marriage unprepared and in
ignorance. The State has taken on board the Church's responsible attitude and
has introduced the three month notice requirement in a similar spirit. We are
aware of the number of broken marriages in Ireland and hopefully, the new
legislation will make for better preparation.

The consequences of not legally registering marriage could have adverse effects
in relation to ownership of the family home, inheritance rights, pension rights
and social welfare entitlements.

It is our understanding that under Church Law, Roman Catholics are required to
obey the civil laws of a "just state", i.e. a democratically elected government.
Even in the most routine, everyday transactions, we are accustomed to making
appointments, booking holidays, etc. It is ludicrous that Father Dooley condones
the flaunting of this basic requirement, which has long been applied to planning
permission for even the most basic building construction, Surely the structuring
of a marriage is of greater importance. - Yours, etc.,

Clare Labour Party, 89 O'Connell Street,

Ennis.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1996 The Irish Times


                              829 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  June 24, 1992, WEDNESDAY, THREE STAR Edition

IS GYMNASTICS GLORY WORTH THIS PRICE?

BYLINE: Mike Littwin The Baltimore Sun

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 758 words


BALTIMORE - It's your daughter. And your call.  She is a tiny thing, who, given
a set of uneven parallel bars, takes flight. And dance? My God. She's 10 and she
dances and prances and tumbles and looks, to your eyes, just like the kids you
see on TV up on the platform with the medal hanging from their necks, except
maybe even better.  And now there's someone at the door who says he can make
your daughter a star, an Olympian, a Mary Lou Retton.  All you have to do is
this: Send her to Houston for, say, the next five years. Maybe the family can
come with her. Maybe you'll have to break up the family. Mom comes to Houston.
Dad stays home with the other kids - the normal, go-to-Little-League, eat-pizza,
beg-you-to-see-''Encino Man'' kids.  Once she gets to Houston, you cede complete
control to the Romanian-born coach. The coach insists on 46 hours of practice a
week. Let's make sure that's clear - 46 hours a week. Of course, there are days
off. Sundays are off. July 4 is off. Three days at Christmas are off. That's it.
You have to understand this is not for fun. That's a direct quote from the
coach: ''This is not for fun.'' The coach also says: ''This is survival of the
fittest.'' He will yell at your little girl. He will belittle her. If she gains
weight, he'll call her a ''pregnant goat.'' Yes, he will. Imagine giving up your
pre-teen to Bob Knight, with an attitude. He will push her to an endurance you
never dreamed she had - and he may push her beyond. She may break. It happens
all the time to 10-year-olds who aren't quite fit enough.  There are no
guarantees. There are 500 girls in the gym. Only the top six have a shot at the
Olympics, and, even among those, there will be dropouts, injuries, failures and,
in some cases, psychological therapy to repair the damage.  There's the deal. Do
you want it?  If you have heard of the methods used by Bela Karolyi, the
pre-eminent gymnastics coach who gave the world Nadia Comaneci and Retton, you
know that some parents strike this Faustian-like bargain.  Would you?  Could you
possibly?  How sure of success would you have to be in order to sacrifice your
youngster's childhood in search of glory?  Would you do it even if you knew a
gold medal was the certain result?  The thing is, I don't blame Karolyi. I don't
like him. I don't like his methods. But I don't blame him.  I blame the parents.
They're probably not evil people, these parents you'll see here this weekend
rooting on their little darlings. Like most of us, they want only good things
for their children. But they've been seduced. And, worse, they've been
accomplices in the seduction of their kids.  I saw Kim Zmeskal, the favorite to
win the gold all-around in Barcelona this summer, say she had been dreaming of
the Olympics for 10 years. Yes, 10 years. She's 16 now. How do you begin to
dream of the Olympics when you're 6 unless someone has whispered it into your
ear?  You can say that encouraging, or even allowing, the children to chase this
Olympic dream is no different fr om encouraging any other prodigy - a dancer, a
pianist, a tennis player. And you're right. It's not much different, if you take
away the increased possibility of injury, the forestalling of puberty and the
trauma inflicted on still growing bodies.  But I have never understood parents
who allow their 14-year-olds to join the pro tennis tour, either. Would you want
your son or daughter to become a great pianist if it meant the loss of a
childhood?  Susan Stokes, whose daughter, Erica, came to Karolyi at age 10 and
who quit five years later as a bulimic, blasted Karolyi in The Baltimore Sun,
saying: ''I blame the gym, I blame the sport, I blame the United States
Gymnastics Federation for what happened.'' They're all to blame. But, first, she
should blame herself.  Stokes saw the line being crossed between sport and child
abuse and, in her own words, was afraid to speak up because she feared it might
cost her daughter a chance at the Olympics.  What price glory?  In America, we
used to scoff at the East Germans and other East Bloc nations for their methods
in producing Olympic champions. We said that wasn't the American way. We said we
valued people over prizes. We insisted we were different.  Did we mean it? Maybe
not. Because there's a little piece of the late, lamented East Germany kept
alive in Bela Karolyi's gym in Houston and in like gyms around the country.
When I watch these wonderfully gifted youngsters this weekend, I can't help
remembering where they came from. And feeling sorry.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              830 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 13, 1992, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Japanese Leaders Taken to Task By Political Boss for Bashing U.S.

BYLINE: By STEVEN R. WEISMAN,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 1; Column 2; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 1197 words

DATELINE: TOKYO, Feb. 12


The man described as the godfather of Japanese politics chided some of his
country's leaders today, saying that their recent criticisms of American work
habits have helped to cause relations with the United States to worsen
dangerously.

"Some Japanese politicians have caused misunderstanding as a result of their
remarks," Shin Kanemaru, vice president of the governing Liberal Democratic
Party, said in an interview. "I told my colleagues that you have to be extremely
cautious when you make remarks, that you have an impact on people overseas."

"If we belittle the United States, there is no future for Japan," said Mr.
Kanemaru, who is widely considered more powerful than Prime Minister Kiichi
Miyazawa himself.

'We Owe Our Prosperity' to U.S.

"Japan can exist because the United States exists," he said, "but it is not the
other way around. We owe our prosperity to the United States. Many Japanese
forget this fact."

He did not single out any Japanese official, but among those leveling harsh
criticism of the United States has been the man Mr. Kanemaru, more than anyone
else, put in office: Mr. Miyazawa, who said that Americans "may lack a work
ethic."

"I'm concerned about this very bad state of affairs," he said, contradicting
assurances from Mr. Miyazawa, President Bush and other leaders that
Japanese-American relations are fundamentally sound.

He did not spell out the consequences of further deterioration in
Japanese-American relations, but in a strongly worded warning he described them
as being at the edge of a cliff, about to go over.

He said that Japan should improve the climate by taking many more steps to open
its domestic markets, particularly the rice market, to foreign competition. "I
had a talk with President Bush, and I mentioned that to him," he said.

At the age of 77, Mr. Kanemaru has a long record of pro-Americanism. In 1960,
back in the days of anti-American hatred, he physically carried the Speaker of
the House to his seat through a brawling Parliament to insure approval of a
security treaty with the United States.

"It was such a bad riot, people were falling down all over," he recalled in an
interview today. "I was very fortunate at that time of being physically strong.
I personally carried the Speaker on my back and put him in the chairman's seat,
so I'm sure you understand how I feel about U.S.-Japan relations."

Today, it is Mr. Kanemaru's political strength that gets attention. His support
for the American position, while often not as strong as Washington would like,
is a secret asset of the American strategy in Japan. But the future is in doubt
because a new generation, less certain of its feelings for America, will be
coming to the fore.

Gruff-voiced, with heavy-lidded eyes and craggy features that make him look
something like a wily old crocodile, Mr. Kanemaru almost never gives interviews
but is paid enormous deference in the political world. He also has many enemies.

"The right wing considers Shin Kanemaru the most dangerous politician in Japan,"
he said. "I'm not afraid of the right wing. I'm not afraid of their Molotov
cocktails. You cannot let U.S.-Japan relations become shaky. I won't have any
regrets, even if I am killed because of this conviction."

Despite these comments, Mr. Kanemaru prefers to run things as a kuromaku, or
string-puller behind the scenes, and as a master of pork barrel politics who has
brought huge sums to the governing Liberal Democratic Party. Every Prime
Minister since 1980 is said to have been politically indebted to Mr. Kanemaru.

Mr. Kanemaru was born in a village northwest of Tokyo, the first son of a
wealthy sake-brewing family. After serving as a sergeant in Manchuria during
World War II, he achieved success in his own liquor, concrete and souvenir
businesses. He entered Parliament in 1958 and quickly rose as a protege of the
grandfather of modern Japanese patronage politics, Kakuei Tanaka.

In recent months, Japanese political gossip has focused on the feud between Mr.
Kanemaru, who might be comfortable in a Chicago ward office, and the courtly and
cerebral Prime Minister, Mr. Miyazawa. For years, the two were said to cordially
loathe each other.

Last fall, for instance, Mr. Miyazawa was quoted as saying that he wished Mr.
Kanemaru would sink in the Kamanashi River in his district. For his part, Mr.
Kanemaru was quoted as saying that despite his support of the Miyazawa
Government, it was sinking like a boat made of mud.

But a couple of weeks ago Mr. Miyazawa, stung by several legislative defeats and
criticism of his lack of leadership, turned to his old rival and named him vice
president of the governing party, in effect handing over control of all
logrolling to the old master.

The astonishing union of the two rivals was reportedly sealed in a private room
at a restaurant downtown, where the two sat on traditional straw mats on the
floor, drained several glasses of rice wine and scotch, sang folk songs and
promised not to betray each other.

Why the Change?

Mr. Kanemaru smiles at the suggestion that the Prime Minister serves at his
sufferance.

"Whether I am powerful or not is not for me to decide," he said. "It is up to
historians in later generations to ponder and decide. In my view, it is
irrelevant. My basic political philosophy is to work for the benefit of the
people, and to contribute to better relations with allies."

He said he gave his support to Mr. Miyazawa last November, after the collapse of
the Government of Prime Minister Toshiki Kaifu, because Mr. Miyazawa had earned
it by getting support in public. Then, he said, he had to back up that support
with actions to prop up the Prime Minister.

"Once he was chosen, there were certainly many problems, that is true," said Mr.
Kanemaru. "But can you really put somebody in office and then take away his
rudder? Is that in the interest of Japan? Is that in the interest of world
peace? I had to seriously consider that."

In return for backing Mr. Miyazawa, Mr. Kanemaru, it is said, retains a free
hand in the running of the Japanese political patronage machine.

After the recurrent eruption of political scandals in recent years, scandals in
which money-for-favors schemes proliferated in virtually every major industry in
Japan, there were endless demands for reform to curb the flow of money into
politics. Mr. Kanemaru said he was skeptical.

"You know, politics needs money," he said. "And politics is expensive. That will
not change. So Japanese politicians are sometimes forced to do immoral things.
That is the worst thing about Japanese politics. That is something we have to
reform."

But he made clear that he was referring to extreme cases of bribery in return
for specific favors, not to Japanese politicians' typical practice of accepting
huge contributions from business groups in return for support of general
policies that favor the donors.

On trade issues, Mr. Kanemaru criticized Japan for slowness in responding to
trade demands but also said the United States bears a large share of blame
because American automobile makers have not made cars suitable to Japanese
tastes for fuel efficiency and safety.

NAME: Shin Kanemaru

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: "We owe our prosperity to the United States," said Shin
Kanemaru, vice president of the Liberal Democratic Party. "Many Japanese forget
this fact." (Haruyoshi Yamaguchi for The New York Times) (pg. A12)

TYPE: Biography

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              831 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   May 12, 1996, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

NEIGHBORHOOD REPORT: UPPER WEST SIDE;
School's Math Troubles Multiply

BYLINE: By JANET ALLON

SECTION: Section 13;  Page 6;  Column 4;  The City Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 412 words


There is only one math teacher for eighth graders at a small public junior high
school on West 61st Street, and a group of parents are so determined to remove
her that they had their children boycott this spring's citywide math test. More
than a third of the students, 37 of the 90 eighth graders at Lincoln Academy
Junior High School, wielded picket signs instead of No. 2 pencils.

The parents claim that the teacher, Angela Jenkins, belittles their children and
fails to teach them the math they need to pass. In the quarter that ended in
March, 56 percent in the eighth grade failed math, and 42 percent in the seventh
grade, where she is also the only regular math teacher, failed.

Ms. Jenkins, who has tenure, did not return phone calls for comment. But
representatives of the teachers' union say she is a strict disciplinarian who
demands high behavioral and academic standards. "She has a 21-year record and
she has never had a complaint against her," said Ron Davis, a spokesman for the
United Federation of Teachers. "She is an excellent teacher who insists on high
standards."

Union officials also say Ms. Jenkins has been singled out because of a vendetta
with Patricia McWilliams, vice president of the Lincoln Academy Parent-Teachers
Association. The two women recently scuffled in the school gym, an incident that
led each to accuse the other of assault.

The District 3 Superintendent, James Mazza, confirmed that the district was
looking into allegations and providing the Board of Education with material that
could be used in a case for discipline or removal. A tenured teacher who is
threatened with disciplinary action has the right to a hearing by an arbitrator.

"We have to overcome 20 years of satisfactory evaluations," Mr. Mazza said.

After the April 30 student boycott, the protesters ended up taking the test the
next day, when it was offered to those who missed it the first time.

Several parents and students say Ms. Jenkins calls the students names. "She says
they're 'stupid' and 'dumb' and 'never going to be anything,' " said Derrick
McWilliams, Ms. McWilliams's son.

Ms. Jenkins's conflict began soon after she returned to the school in September,
after three years in a union job.

The 167-student alternative school is looking to hire a substitute math teacher.
Harold Meyers, outgoing president of the school board said, "It's pretty sick
that we have to hire a teacher when we have a teacher."   JANET ALLON

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: A math teacher at Lincoln Academy Junior High is a protest
target. (Jose R. Lopez/The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              832 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 14, 1983, Sunday, Late City Final Edition


Puerto Rican Immigrants

SECTION: Section 6; Page 62, Column 4; Magazine Desk

LENGTH: 294 words


The assertion by Alan Pifer, president emeritus of the Carnegie Corporation of
New York, that the newly displaced Puerto Rican professional can be a model of
assimilation and success for the rest of us already here is rather ingenuous, to
say the least (''The New Wave of Puerto Rican Immigrants,'' by Howard Bray, July
3). Besides encouraging our community to avoid coming to terms with what is an
increasingly untenable economic and social situation on the island, it belittles
the attempts of us here on the mainland to overcome very real obstacles to our
equality as a people.

At the same time, Mr. Bray neglects the equally important problem of another
migration of professionals -

to

 Puerto Rico - consisting primarily of Cubans, North Americans, Dominicans and
others. The impact of this growing phenomenon in Puerto Rico is creating alarm
among Puerto Ricans as it appears that more and more control of the island's
future is being lost internally to non- Puerto Ricans.

Finally, in all the discussions within our own community on the ''new''
migration, there has yet to be any clarity on its true dimensions. However if,
as Mr. Bray reports, it will no longer be focused on places like New York, but
dispersed, its impact on the Puerto Rican community would, in all likelihood, be
minimal. And if, as he also reports, they tend to move into non-Puerto Rican
neighborhoods, this would also offset their political and social significance to
the community already in the mainland United States. About all we can conclude
at this point is that the ''new'' migration may only serve to increase Puerto
Rican frustration with the American experience.

ANGELO FALCON Executive Director Institute for Puerto Rican Policy Inc.  New
York City


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Puerto Rican immigrants

TYPE: letter

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              833 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 16, 1981, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

BASEBALL NOTEBOOK;
METS' BACKMAN EXPANDS STRIKE

BYLINE: By THOMAS ROGERS

SECTION: Section B; Page 17, Column 4; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 1094 words


While 650 major league baseball players were in the fourth day of their strike
yesterday, Wally Backman of the Tidewater Tides went on a one-man minor league
work stoppage.

Backman, a 21-year-old infielder, has proved himself a capable offensive player
during four years in the minor leagues and parts of two seasons with the Mets.
But on June 8 he was sent by the Mets to Tidewater, their Virginia farm club in
the International League, and he was apparently unhappy about the move.

Jack Aker, the Tidewater manager, said from Columbus, where his team was playing
the Clippers, that he had spoken with Backman yesterday morning.

''He was very upset about being sent down by the Mets,'' Aker said. ''He told me
he was leaving the team to return to Tidewater, where he has a home with his
wife and their new baby. I think he just wants to straighten out his head a
little. He felt he didn't get a chance as a regular player at the Mets or with
the Tides.''

Backman was in transit to Tidewater yesterday.  Frank Cashen, the general
manager of the Mets, said yesterday that he had spoken recently with Backman,
whom he called ''a good offensive player.''

''I don't want to belittle his problems,'' Cashen said. ''We understand them. He
had hoped to play more often in New York. But we told him in spring training
that if after 30 days he wasn't playing much, we would send him to Tidewater.
His main gripe seems to be that he hasn't had much of a chance to play at
shortstop, the position we signed him for originally.

''But he's only 21, and he will be a major league player soon. He will be a
starter on a major league team by the middle of next season, at the latest.''

In 27 games with the Mets last season, Backman hit .323 as a replacement at
second base when Doug Flynn was injured. This year, before being sent to
Tidewater, he had compiled a .270 average on 10 hits in 37 times at bat, playing
25 games while Flynn again was sidelined with an injury.

Backman, a switch-hitter, batted .325, .302, .282 and .293 in his climb through
the minor leagues. He was the Mets' first pick in the free agent draft in June
of 1977.

The headline across the front page of the Philadelphia Daily News yesterday not
only startled many baseball fans, but it also made them wonder if they had lost
track of developments in the strike. Under a headline that read, ''Rose Breaks
Record, Passes Musial as Phils Beat Braves,'' was a story that detailed how Pete
Rose had hit a ''hanging greaser'' thrown by Gaylord Perry of Atlanta in the
eighth inning to record the 3,631st hit of his National League career, a record.
In the story were comments from Rose on his accomplishment and an explanation
that the strike had been ended by order of President Reagan from Camp David.

Not to be outdone, the Philadelphia Journal also ran a story of Rose breaking
Musial's record, but it had Rick Mahler as the pitcher who delivered the
historic pitch to Rose. The News had the Phillies winning, 6-4; the Journal
reported the Philadelphia victory as 6-5.

Each story was accompanied by an explanatory note that termed the story ''a
mythical account of yesterday's Phillies action.'' F. Gilman Spencer, editor of
the News, said that for today's paper he was planning a story of a news
conference with Steve Carlton, the Phillies' star pitcher, who has not talked to
the press for several years.

Another trip into the world of fantasy baseball is occurring in Los Angeles,
where the Herald-Examiner announced yesterday that it would carry daily
fictional accounts - based on statistics compiled by Allan Roth, a former Dodger
statistician now working for NBC-TV - of games involving the Los Angeles Dodgers
and the California Angels, as if they had actually been played.

Still another example of how some newspapers are attempting to satisfy the
longing for baseball stories by some of their readers could be found in
Washington. Yesterday's Washington Star turned back the calendar 10 years to
June 1971, when the Washington Senators played in the nation's capital before
moving to Texas. The first story said that Manager Ted Williams would start
Jerry Janeski, a right-hander, against the Oakland A's Monday night. The A's
were in first place in the American League's Western Division, and the Senators
were in last place, 15 games behind the Baltimore Orioles, the leaders of the
Eastern Division. Fans who remember the Senators know that a story like that is
not fantasy.

One angry fan is Howard Orne, 33, vice president of a necktie company in Chicago
who has filed suit in Cook County Circuit Court, asking that Commissioner Bowie
Kuhn be forced to invoke his powers to end the strike. In the past Kuhn had
explained several of his actions, including the blocking of an attempt by
Charles Finley to trade Vida Blue from the Oakland A's to the New York Yankees
as being ''in the best interests of baseball.''

''There is nothing more in the interest of baseball than to get the players
playing again,'' said Jeff Jacobs, the lawyer who filed the class-action suit
for Mr. Orne. ''I would think that Bowie Kuhn has the power to order the
negotiations to get going and baseball to get started again.''

Mr. Orne said the suit could cost him a large amount of money, ''but somebody
had to do something,'' he said.

With temperatures near the 100-degree mark in Los Angeles, about two dozen loyal
fans of the Dodgers picketed Sunday outside Dodger Stadium, protesting the
strike.

Will any teams benefit from the cancellation of games during the strike? If it
lasts about two weeks, perhaps the St. Louis Cardinals might not feel completely
unhappy. They would thus avoid a road trip in which they were scheduled to play
16 games between June 15 and June 29, including three doubleheaders in one week.

The Milwaukee Brewers of the American League's Eastern Division might also
benefit. It appears likely that the Brewers, who are in third place behind the
Yankees and the Orioles, will miss a sevengame road trip to Texas and Baltimore
scheduled to begin today.

As a protest against the strike, 15-year-old Michael Cohen of Passaic, N.J., an
avid fan of the Mets, has vowed to wear his Mets' cap inside out until the
players return to action.

''It's more comfortable this way, anyhow,'' he said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              834 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                            November 4, 2005 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Husband is victim of spousal abuse

BYLINE: KATHY MITCHELL AND MARCY SUGAR, Freelance

SECTION: LIFE; Annie's Mailbox; Pg. E7

LENGTH: 581  words


Dear Annie: My brother has been married to "Maureen" for 19 years, and he is a
victim of spousal abuse. He has been sick off and on for their entire marriage,
and during the past year, he has spent a lot of time in the hospital. He
typically weighs less than 120 lbs. He is very frail and often weak.

Maureen always has been verbally and emotionally abusive, but her behaviour
seems to be escalating. She constantly belittles my brother, but now she is
demanding that he go away for the weekend with their young daughter so that
Maureen can sleep in their house with some guy she met in a bar. She wants a
divorce and says my brother has to move out and give her the house and full
custody of their child.

When my brother said he wanted joint custody and his share of the money from
their home, Maureen pinned him down on the couch and head-butted him.

I told my brother to report the assault to the police, but he says Maureen would
insist that he started it and they'd never believe him. My brother is sweet and
kind and would never hurt a fly. I have told him he can stay with me, but his
lawyer advised him not to move out because he could lose any claim to the house.
What can I do?

Worried in New England

Dear Worried: Your brother should document any instances of abuse, both verbal
and physical, along with the dates they occurred and the circumstances. He also
must report any further assaults to the police so they have a record, whether or
not they believe him. Urge him to contact the Domestic Abuse Helpline for Men at
1-(888)-743-5754 or noexcuse4abuse.org.

Dear Annie: For many years, my wife and I have ordered a very expensive box of
fresh holly from Washington state for a dear relative and her husband. Last
year, we received a very tacky picture frame. This relative has long been famous
for recycling gifts. I wrote to thank them, but how can I tactfully suggest we
not do the gift routine this year? I would not want to hurt their feelings.

Tacked Out in Florida

Dear Florida: You have an excellent opportunity this year to tell your friends
that the recent hurricane season was particularly calamitous, and it seems more
in the spirit of the season to donate to charity rather than give gifts, and you
hope they will do the same.

Dear Annie: Last winter, my 6-year-old son was ill several times. He needed so
many rounds of antibiotics that a stomach virus put him in the hospital, even
though the rest of the family was only mildly affected. His doctor concluded
that he's just susceptible to whatever is going around.

With another winter coming up, I am writing in the hope that parents will be
aware of what happens when they send their sick kids to school.

I urge parents to keep their kids home if they have a fever, sore throat or
stomach ailment. I know parents have jobs, but your child must be your top
priority. When you send a sick child to school, you not only are giving your own
child a miserable day, you are affecting every child in his or her class.

Frustrated Mom

Dear Mom: It is difficult for parents to justify taking off work or hiring a
sitter to stay with a child who has "only a cold." But please, parents, you are
infecting all the other children, who will in turn reinfect yours. We know it's
hard, but whenever possible, try to keep your sick children at home. Thank you.

- - -

E-mail questions to anniesmailbox@comcast.net or write to: Annie's Mailbox, P.O.
Box 118190, Chicago, Ill., 60611. Visit www.creators.com to find out more about
Annie's Mailbox.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              835 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                              April 2, 2012 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Gloria Steinem drew attention in 1993 with Hutchison quip

BYLINE: Meghan Ashford-Grooms m ashford-grooms@statesman.com American-Statesman
Staff

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 555 words


As right-wing radio host Rush Limbaugh took flak for terming law student Sandra
Fluke a "slut" over her claim that contraceptives can cost $3,000 a year,
another pundit argued that conservative women are frequently targets of liberal
vitriol.

Syndicated writer and Fox News contributor Michelle Malkin listed such epithets
in her March 7 column and included a Texas example: "It was feminist godmother
Gloria Steinem who called Texas Republican Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison a 'female
impersonator.'"

Did women's rights icon Steinem belittle the femininity of Texas' first female
U.S. senator?

Yes. The comment made national news in 1993 as Hutchison, then state treasurer,
ran for U.S. Senate in a special-election runoff against interim Democratic
appointee Bob Krueger. Hutchison won the seat and has held it ever since; she is
expected to retire from Congress in January 2013.

USA Today, Time and NPR all ran news stories or opinion pieces in 1993
describing gender-based attacks on Hutchison that included the "female
impersonator" comment from Steinem.

A June 25, 1993, opinion column in the Orange County Register gives this fuller
version of the quotation: "a female impersonator ... someone who looks like us
but thinks like them."

A Dallas Morning News story from May 23, 1993, reads, in part: "Ms. Steinem, the
founder of Ms. magazine, attacked Ms. Hutchison's stands on abortion and
family-leave policies during a visit Friday in Dallas on behalf of Mr. Krueger.
Ms. Steinem called Ms. Hutchison 'a female impersonator.'"

A May 22, 1993, American-Statesman news story gives context for the
"impersonator" remark: "Steinem said she was endorsing Krueger because of his
support for abortion rights. She said Hutchison 'has vacillated between a
pro-choice and an anti-choice position for the last three years, after having
been solidly anti-choice for 20 years.' Hutchison has said she favors abortion
rights but would allow states to impose some restrictions, such as requiring
minors to get parental consent."

National news outlets picked up on the irony of a feminist saying that a female
politician's views disqualified her from being a real woman. Time magazine used
the quotation to start its June 14, 1993, story on Hutchison's win:

"Gloria Steinem flew to Texas all the way from New York City to call Senate
candidate Kay Bailey Hutchison a 'female impersonator.' Actress Annie Potts of
'Designing Women' pooh-poohed the Republican's vague stance on abortion rights,
saying, 'She's just the same old thing in a skirt.' Columnist Molly Ivins hung
the epithet 'Breck girl' on her, comparing the way the candidate tossed her
blond hair to the slow-motion antics of models in the shampoo commercial. But
Hutchison, the Texas state treasurer, survived those and many other attacks."

For decades, Steinem has used the term "female impersonator" to describe women,
including herself, who she said stopped being authentically female as they fit
themselves into patriarchal society. She reportedly quipped in 1973, about men
dressing as women, "I don't mind drag - women have been female impersonators for
years."

Malkin's statement rates True.

Michelle Malkin
 Statement: Gloria Steinem once called Kay Bailey Hutchison a 'female
impersonator.' Michelle Malkin
 Says Gloria Steinem once called Kay Bailey Hutchison a "female impersonator."


LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              836 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             June 6, 2007 Wednesday

St. Louis Park

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: VALEDICTORIANS

LENGTH: 473 words


Top Students

Name: Sarah Sprague, valedictorian

Parents: Timothy and Carol Sprague

College, major: St. Olaf College, linguistics

Favorite quote: 'Three things in human life are important. The first is to be
kind. The second is to be kind. The third is to be kind.' - Henry James

Name: Jonathon Oxman, valedictorian

Parents: Joe and Naomi Oxman

College, major: Israel next year, University of Pennsylvania, business,
psychology, math

Favorite quote: 'The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.' -
Socrates

Name: Sean Vig, valedictorian

Parents: Tracy and Diane Vig

College, major: University of Minnesota, physics

Favorite quote: 'Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other
plans.' - John Lennon

Name: Rachel Konikoff

Parents: Sidney and Anita Konikoff

College, major: Boston University, psychology

Favorite quote: 'Keep away from people who belittle your ambitions. Small people
always do that, but the great make you feel that you, too, can become great.' -
Mark Twain

Name: Megan Granger

Parents: Mark and Cynthia Granger

College, major: University of Missouri, journalism

Favorite quote: 'Be a lightbulb, not a lampshade.' - Mike Nordeen

Name: Mackenzie Olson

Parents: Michael and Deborah Olson

College, major: Washington University, St. Louis, chemistry and psychology

Favorite quote: 'You do what you can. Time will heal everything else.' -
Mackenzie Olson

Name: Mara Fink

Parents: David and Susan Fink

College, major: St. Olaf College, English

Favorite quote: 'What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny compared
to what lies within us.' - Ralph Waldo Emerson

Name: Molly Racette

Parents: Thomas and Mary Racette

College, major: University of Wisconsin, veterinary medicine

Favorite quote: 'As we grow up, we learn that even the one person that wasn't
supposed to ever let you down probably will. You will have your heart broken
probably more than once and it's harder every time. You'll break hearts too, so
remember how it felt when yours was broken. You'll fight your best friend.
You'll blame a new love for things an old one did. You'll cry because time is
passing too fast, and you'll eventually lose someone you love. So take too many
pictures, laugh too much and love like you've never been hurt because every
sixty seconds you spend upset is a minute of happiness you'll never get back.' -
anonymous

Name: Hepzibah Rapoport

Parents: Edward and Anne Monique Rapoport

College, major: Brandeis University, history

Favorite quote: 'History was not written by men who predicted failure, who gave
up their dreams, who abandoned their principles, who allowed their laziness to
put their intelligence to sleep.' - Oscar Arias Sanchez

Name: Joe Lahti

Parents: David and Alicia Lahti

College, major: University of Minnesota, biochemistry

Favorite quote: 'The true delight is in the finding out rather than in the
knowing.' - Isaac Asimov

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              837 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               September 3, 1999, Friday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

GATEWAY CLASSIC OFFERS REGION A CHANCE TO MEND ITS WAYS

BYLINE: Sylvester Brown Jr.

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. C19

LENGTH: 722 words



FOOTBALL

I know a man in St. Louis who sends at least 20 new kids to college each year
with fully paid, four-year scholarships. He's created events where inner-city
kids can practice their sport of choice in front of thousands of spectators at
very low ticket prices. He also generates hundreds of thousands of dollars in
contracts to small businesses every year. This man's organization hosts an
annual event that brings thousands of tourists to our town who spend millions of
dollars and fill downtown hotels. Yet, this man's accomplishments and great
works are not heralded by those who bring us the daily news.

I'm speaking of Earl Wilson Jr., the founder of the not-for-profit St.  Louis
Gateway Classic Sports Foundation. His organization sponsors the Budweiser
Gateway Football Classic game each year, featuring two teams from historically
black colleges. The proceeds from the game fund all sorts of wonderful things in
our town, such as college scholarships and donations to nonprofit organizations.

I just don't get this city sometimes. And it's clearly not just a "racial
thing," either.

Even in the black community, Wilson and his organization aren't given due credit
and support.

Despite all the great things the foundation does for the black community, for
kids and black businesses, far too many blacks don't attend the football game.
Some get caught up on petty things such as the fact that Wilson is very direct
(and highly effective, I might add) in his business dealings or that he gives
scholarships to C-plus students. Those same people will turn around and belittle
the organization because, to date, they haven't quite filled the Trans World
Dome to capacity.

But the "racial thing" does play a big part in the Gateway Classic and Earl
Wilson being ignored by the local press. Wilson is not part of the established
"quiet" black leadership here in town. In fact, he's a bit of a rebel.

He speaks out publicly against acts of racism and prejudice. He doesn't beg
corporations to buy blocks of tickets to the game and donate them to their
employees.

He insists that blacks take the responsibility for filling the Dome. He's turned
down money from corporations that, he thought, wanted him to compromise his
values or the mission of his foundation.

Like I said, this is a strange city. Racial division and self-hatred runs deep,
way too deep sometimes.

If this were Atlanta, Chicago or even Indianapolis, city officials and the media
would make a huge deal of the St. Louis Gateway Classic football game. Wilson,
although he doesn't seek it, would be the subject of countless high-profile
articles.

The Bayou Classic is celebrated by New Orleans, the Heritage Bowl is "must-see"
event in Atlanta, the Magic City Classic in Alabama and the Circle City Classic
in Indianapolis are warmly embraced by blacks and whites. Why? Mainly because
they make millions of dollars, bring in thousands of tourists and they are fun,
exciting events.

UNLIKE most other classics, however, Wilson and his organization go the extra
mile and invest millions back into the black community. This is not about
protesting or demanding that the white establishment share the wealth. It's a
self-help strategy that ought to be endorsed, at least, by all the black folks
in St. Louis.

At $ 13 a ticket, there's no excuse why every African-American in this city is
not at that game.

In a city that loves its sports and constantly calls for more entertaining,
downtown interaction, it's highly suspicious nary a white face is in the crowd
at the football game. When did football become a "blacks only" thing? Where are
the Downtown Now and Metropolis folks when there's a real chance for
multi-cultural mingling in downtown St. Louis?

The St. Louis Gateway Football Classic is still a young event -- it's only six
years old.

We still have time to amend our strange ways.

For one day, let's show that St. Louis can act in a "classic" fashion and pull
off a successful event. Let's make money for the city, give back to worthy
causes and maybe, just maybe, put aside our differences and have some fun in the
process.

This year's Budweiser Gateway Classic will be held on Sept. 18 at 4 p.m. at the
Trans World Dome, featuring the University of Arkansas at Pine Bluff and Hampton
University.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: Viewpoints Column

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              838 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                             April 21, 2006 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Travelogue touch belittles message: Condemnation of AIDS also woefully miscast

BYLINE: Montreal Gazette

SECTION: ARTS & LIFE; Pg. D8

LENGTH: 397  words


3 NEEDLES

Starring: Chloe Sevigny, Sandra Oh, Lucy Liu, Stockard Channing. Written and
directed by Thom Fitzgerald.

Rated: 14A. Running time: 126 minutes.

Rating 2

- - -

By John Griffin

Thom Fitzgerald's 3 Needles begins with ritual male circumcision in South
Africa. I'm afraid it's all downhill from there.

The ambitious but woefully miscast AIDS triptych from the talented Canadian
director of The Hanging Garden presents stories of ignorance, evil, sacrifice
and redemption on three continents.

Chloe Sevigny and Sandra Oh are novice nuns. Lucy Liu is a pregnant blood
runner. Stockard Channing is a Montreal waitress. Of course they are.

Sevigny's decision to join the Catholic church and help the poor in South Africa
is apparently not based on her scandalous performance pleasuring Vincent Gallo
in the 2003 howler The Brown Bunny. It is, instead, a real desire to root out
superstition, sexism and rampant HIV infection in South Africa, even if she has
to sleep with the local white plantation owner to do it. After playing the Napa
Valley party girl in Sideways, Oh is just along for the scenery.

Liu's saga is set in China, near the Burmese border. She runs a business that
exchanges cash for blood in dirt-poor peasant communities that offer up their
children in return for money to plant fields and buy water buffalo. Her real
talent, though, is sowing AIDS through dirty needles and unsanitary collection.

In Montreal, deep in the shadow of the Olympic Stadium, Shawn Ashmore is a
plumber and porn actor -- they so often go together -- who masks his own HIV
status by drawing boozy blood from his drunk, dying daddy and substituting it
for his own during government-required tests. Fellow thespians in the sex trade
are not amused. Long-suffering mum Channing may have to take matters into her
own wringing hands.

3 Needles has its charms. It is stunningly photographed on location by Thomas
Harting and revels in the beauty of coastal South Africa and tropical China. The
contrast between natural splendour and human misery is effective. There's lots
of stirring music. Lovely costumes, too.

But as a condemnation of a worldwide scourge, Fitzgerald's film is a
well-dressed travelogue. Let down by misguided casting, less-than-convincing
acting, stitched-together story lines and a vision larger than Fitzgerald's
means to realize it, 3 Needles is a good idea gone wrong.

At Tinseltown.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Chloe Sevigny wears a nun's habit, in a scene from 3 Needles,
about the AIDS pandemic. The film opens today at Tinseltown.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              839 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                            News Chronicle (Nigeria)

                            January 29, 2016 Friday

Republicans debate as no-show Trump taunts from afar

BYLINE: The Guardian news

LENGTH: 804  words


Republican White House hopefuls jostled for the limelight Thursday in the
absence of master showman Donald Trump, who snubbed the last debate before the
party nomination votes begin and upstaged his rivals with a dueling event.

Trump gambled big when he announced he was boycotting the debate in Des Moines
because of a feud with Fox News, plunging the presidential race into uncharted
waters just days before Iowa votes on February 1.

Straight out of the gate, the seven debaters turned to "the elephant not in the
room" as he was wryly described by Megyn Kelly -- the Fox anchor who Trump
accuses of bias against him.

Top adversary Ted Cruz used Trump-like language to jokingly belittle himself and
rivals -- and take a pot shot at the absentee himself.

"I'm a maniac and everyone on this stage is stupid, fat and ugly. And Ben,
you're a terrible surgeon," Cruz said, looking mischievously at retired
neurosurgeon Ben Carson.

"We've gotten the Donald Trump portion out of the way," he quipped.

Nationally, Trump keeps soaring. A recent CNN/ORC poll of Republican voters has
Trump at 41 percent to 19 percent for Cruz, with more than two-thirds of
Republicans saying they believe the billionaire developer will be the party's
presidential candidate.

But Trump has a genuine battle on his hands in Iowa with ultra-conservative Cruz
who trails by about five percentage points in the RealClearPolitics average of
recent Iowa polls.

Cruz, who has won endorsements from key evangelicals and anti-abortion figures
who tout his religious values, insists the race against Trump is winnable and
has blanketed Iowa with 12,000 volunteers and staff.

All eyes are now on the heartland state, where 12 Republican candidates and
three Democratic hopefuls including Hillary Clinton are vying for both bragging
rights and momentum as the primary race heads next to New Hampshire, South
Carolina and Nevada.

- Trumpless -

Trump had taunted Fox and his rivals, saying a main debate without him present
would be a "total disaster" with low ratings.

The real estate mogul doubled down, in a game of political chicken, scheduling a
rival event for military veterans just a few miles (kilometers) from the venue
where his party was showcasing its candidates to Iowa voters.

Even absent, Trump's shadow loomed large -- and he was snatching many of the
headlines.

Visibly delighting in the upset caused by his no-show, the tycoon took the stage
at his own event about 15 minutes after the main debate began.

"I said I'm not going to do the debate out of respect for myself," he said to
cheers from the overflow crowd.

"But I love Iowa. I'm here."

Shortly before the debate Trump told CNN that top Fox officials had called him
to apologize. Trump said he was mulling a last-minute appearance, but that his
veterans event "took on a life of its own" and he felt compelled to appear there
instead.

Adding to the spectacle, rival Mike Huckabee, the former Arkansas governor who
is languishing in polls, joined Trump at his veterans event, as did low-polling
former senator Rick Santorum.

Both won the Iowa caucuses in previous election cycles, but they appeared
Thursday as minnows swimming behind the Trump shark.

- Political theater -

Analysts have been riveted by the unexpected drama and disruption to the typical
Iowa political playbook. The last major candidate to skip a pre-Iowa caucus
debate was Ronald Reagan, in 1980.

"Wow. What a chess game," Iowa State University political science professor
Steffen Schmidt declared of the political theater.

With the combustible frontrunner out of their hair, Cruz and his rivals on stage
zeroed in on policy.

Cruz sparred over immigration with Senator Marco Rubio, who accused his fellow
senator of flip-flopping on the issue to gain support.

"The truth is, Ted, throughout this campaign you've been (willing) to do or say
anything to get votes," Rubio said, in some of their sharpest exchanges so far.

There were drawn-out debates on foreign policy, and the battle against Islamic
State extremists.

The Republicans did train their collective sights on the Democratic frontrunner,
Hillary Clinton, with New Jersey Governor Chris Christie arguing that as a
former federal prosecutor, "there is no one on this stage better prepared to
prosecute the case against Hillary Clinton than I am."

"The days of the Clintons in public housing are over," he steamed.

Former Florida governor Jeb Bush, whose campaign has struggled to gain traction,
recalled the divisive threat by Trump to ban Muslims, saying such irrational
moves would create a "toxic" environment in America.

He also hit the frontrunner for his disparaging remarks about women and
Hispanics, and for mocking people with disabilities.

"That's not a sign of strength," Bush said.

Culled from: http://www.ngrguardiannews.com
/2016/01/republicans-debate-as-no-show-trump-taunts-from-afar/

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1802


                       Copyright 2016 The News Chronicle.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              840 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       August 3, 2015 Monday 12:59 PM GMT

Impossible review - macho magic show bisects and belittles its female stars;
Noël Coward theatre, London A major gender imbalance undermines the slick and
intriguing acts in this Vegas-style fiesta of illusion

BYLINE: Michael Billington

SECTION: STAGE

LENGTH: 439 words


Star Rating: 3 stars

Magic is a predominantly male affair : only 100 of the UK's 1,500 Magic Circle
members are women. That sexual imbalance is strikingly evident in this fiesta of
trickery and illusion, which resembles a Las Vegas cabaret.

Related: 'We're more than just scantily clad assistants': meet the woman making
magic's glass ceiling disappear

It's a highly entertaining show, but also somewhat retro in its suggestion that
the chief function of women is to be bundled into cabinets and bisected, made to
disappear or invisibly transported from one side of the stage to the other. A
classic example of the patriarchal nature of magic is provided by the daredevil
and escapologist Jonathan Goodwin. Having extricated himself from a blazing
straitjacket and improbably lain on a single nail, he then shows off his
marksmanship. At one point he is blindfolded and fires a crossbow at a glamorous
assistant, who turns out to be his wife, with a balloon on top of her head: I
was reminded of William Tell except that, in that story, the use of a family
member as a potential victim is a punishment rather than a sign of masculine
prowess.

But Goodwin is not alone. In virtually all the acts svelte, beautiful women are
the objects and male magicians the subjects. Jamie Allan is a digital wizard who
apparently makes his female partner levitate with the aid of laser beams. Luis
de Matos ingeniously places his assistant in a box assembled from yellow bricks
which, when dismantled, is magically empty. I lost count of the number of times
lissom women were deposited in cabinets and penetrated with swords and staves,
after which they emerged miraculously unscathed.

We even get the old trick of splitting a woman in two, which brought to mind Max
Wall 's ruefully chauvinist jest: "If they sawed a woman in half, I'd get the
half that eats." In the course of the evening we get rope-tricks, sleight of
hand and, from Chris Cox, mind-reading. The last is especially fascinating, but
I think Cox overdoes the showmanship. Having asked a quartet of volunteers to
write down four tasks they would like him to accomplish, Cox not only guesses
what they are, but comes up with a prerecorded film in which he achieves them:
that last touch instantly arouses one's suspicions.

But it's fair to say the whole evening is slick, fast-moving and intriguing.
It's just sad that Katherine Mills, Britain's leading female magician, has had
to withdraw due to "unforeseen personal circumstances". Her presence would have
reminded us that illusion is not just a job for the boys.


     ·    Noël Coward theatre, London, until 29 August. Box office: 0844 482
          5140.


LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              841 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                             April 12, 2015 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

THE REAL STARVE OF THE SHOW

SECTION: FEATURES; OPINION COLUMN; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 254 words


POLITICIANS object when their profession is described as "showbusiness for ugly
people". They think that belittles their devotion to public service. However,
there are plenty of tricks that celebrities could teach members of the political
class. For instance, no Hollywood movie star would ever let themselves be
photographed eating a bacon sandwich or a hot dog, something Ed Miliband and
David Cameron, above, would do well to remember on the campaign trail. I
discovered this while covering the Oscars in Los Angeles as a journalist in
1996. A huge banquet had been prepared by celebrity chef Wolfgang Puck, but the
celebrities left it completely untouched for fear of being snapped with a strand
of spaghetti hanging out of their mouths or tomato sauce running down their
chins. Instead, they headed straight for their cars and ordered their drivers to
take them to the nearest fast-food outlet. One of the more curious sights on
Oscar night, I discovered, was the queue of limousines lining up outside
McDonald's on Sunset Boulevard.

Stars such as Jack Nicholson and Sharon Stone would pick up a Happy Meal, wolf
it down in the back of their cars and then arrive unblemished at the Vanity Fair
party. To this day, whenever I meet an aspiring celebrity photographer I always
give them the same tip.

If you want to get some candid shots of Hollywood's biggest names, forget about
hanging around outside fashionable nightclubs or expensive restaurants. Station
yourself opposite the Hollywood branch of McDonald's on Oscar night.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN


                    Copyright 2015 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              842 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Lancaster New Era (Pennsylvania)

                            October 29, 2007 Monday

Gore deserving of respect Carl Kirchner Lancaster

BYLINE: Lancaster New Era Staff

SECTION: A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 197  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Editor, New Era:

In Carol Petersen's column of Oct. 20, in which she belittles Al Gore and his
winning of the Nobel Peace Prize, she states that his film on global warming,
"An Inconvenient Truth," is full of wild and blind speculation.

I saw the film and, while its conclusions are alarming, I found them to be
logical and based directly on facts and science. The film is more than anything
else a lecture enhanced with visual aids, which is presented in an informative
and entertaining manner. I would urge any reader to see it for themselves and
form their own opinion.

Further along in the column, she wonders what could possibly cause anyone to
idealize Al Gore. While I agree that it is a mistake to idealize him or probably
any contemporary political figure, I do believe he is entitled to respect.

He diligently represented his district and Tennessee in the U.S. House and
Senate a total of 16 years, and I believe most people would remember him as
representing his office with dignity when he was vice president. Additionally,
he served honorably as a soldier in the U.S. Army, with duty in Vietnam.

Ms. Petersen would be a better writer if she were less derisive and more
informed.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: LETTERS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              843 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Telegraph (Australia)

                             August 7, 2006 Monday
                                 State Edition

If Ian Thorpe's fat, then heaven help the rest of us

BYLINE: AMY HARRIS

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 252 words


THIS is the photograph that shames the critics of one of Australia's greatest
Olympians.

In their eagerness to belittle the achievements of swimmer Ian Thorpe, Fairfax
newspapers last week branded him a pizza-munching, cola-slurping fatso, strongly
hinting that his glory days may be over.

But after moving to Los Angeles to escape the tall poppy syndrome attacks that
have been sapping his motivation and to rekindle his best form, it seems the
Thorpedo has little to worry about.

With the 2007 world championship trials not scheduled until December, it was a
trim, muscular Thorpe photographed walking the streets near the Hollywood Hills
home.

The latest pictures appear as Swimming Australia boss Glenn Tasker demanded
Thorpe's detractors back off.

''Ian doesn't owe swimming anything. He has devoted a good part of his adult
life to the sport and has done a fantastic job for us,'' he said.

''I just think it's about time people let Ian get on with his life.''

Telling Thorpe's attackers to take a reality check, he reminded them the
champion had a lot of other interests.

''Ian Thorpe is not a swimmer, he is a human being with a lot of interests --
business interests, the arts. It's understandable that when these interests
compete with each other then you have to reassess,'' he said.

Tasker denied speculation in sporting circles that Thorpe is swimming just to
fulfil sponsorship obligations.

''I think that is cynical in the extreme. Ian could walk into any sort of
business venture he wanted to be involved in.''

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

MATP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTM


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              844 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               January 17, 1999, Sunday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Forget the popularity contest, Parcells fuels Jets with desire

BYLINE: GARY SHELTON

SECTION: SPORTS; NFL PLAYOFFS; Pg. 1X

LENGTH: 856 words

DATELINE: DENVER



Maybe he'd like you. Maybe he'd pat you on the back.

Hey, it happens. There are a certain few players, of the proper talent and the
proper temperament, for whom the approach works. So maybe Bill Parcells would
tousle your hair and give you that lopsided grin. Maybe he'd call you by your
initials, like he used to with Lawrence Taylor. Maybe he would include you when
he referred to "my guys."

Then again, probably not.

Most likely, he would yell in your face. He would bully you, belittle you,
bedevil you. He would threaten to cut you, or trade you, or bench you. He would
swear and scream. He would question your talent, like he used to with Jim Burt,
or your weight, like he used to with Leonard Marshall, or even your gender, like
he used to do with Terry Glenn.

Yep, if you were a player for Bill Parcells, Hot Tuna, you would absolutely
despise him.

All the way to the Super Bowl.

His critics say he is prickly, contentious, egomaniacal. This, of course, is
true. He has the voice of a thousand daggers, and he knows the vulnerable spot
of every man he has on his roster, and every man he has chased from it. He can
be insulting, crass, cold.

And, man, can he coach.

Say what you want about Parcells. He is not warm, he is not cuddly. He suffers
from eternal wanderlust. But he can drive a herd through the canyon, can't he?
Going into today's AFC Championship Game, he is one victory from his fourth
Super Bowl with his third team. No one has taken three teams there. But
Parcells, Jet pilot, might.

He took the Giants there, and they have not been the same since he left. He took
the Patriots there, and they have not been the same since he walked away,
either. Now, if he can coax his Jets to an upset over the defending world
champion Broncos in today's AFC title game, he will have redefined the term
triple crown.

Who is better? Who else can take lost teams and give them direction better,
faster than Parcells? The Giants were 3-12-1 his first year. They were in the
Super Bowl his  fourth. The Patriots were 5-11 his first year. In his  fourth,
they made it to the Super Bowl. The Jets were the worst team in the league the
two years before Parcells arrived, including a 1-15 record two years ago. This
season, they were 12-4 and are in the Final Four.

He wins. He inflicts wounds on the other team, and sometimes on his own players,
but he wins. He won with the  defense-oriented Giants. He won with the
pass-happy Patriots. This, however, is his best coaching job. This time, he has
taken the Jets, two years removed from being the awful, forsaken Jets, to the
conference championship game.

Parcells always has pushed players to their best, never giving thought to
whether they liked the shoving. He was awful to Glenn with the Patriots, but
Glenn hasn't matched the performance he had under Parcells. He called Curtis
Martin a one-day wonder, and that was a lot of days and wonders ago. He drove
Burt crazy, but he made him a Pro Bowl player. He sapped the fun out of football
for Jeff Hostetler, but Hostetler won a Super Bowl under Parcells.

But even Parcells has done nothing like this. Not in two years.

He is winning with Vinny Testaverde, left for dead by the Bucs and Ravens,
pronounced a coach-killer who would pile up big numbers until the crucial play
and then wilt. But Parcells has given Testaverde the stability he has never had
from above, and Testaverde has won 13 times for him.

He is winning with Keyshawn Johnson, called a cancer and a problem child. After
Johnson wrote a book that ripped his team, and his teammates, he was seen as a
man out only for himself. This season has proven different. Johnson has been a
guy out for the end zone.

He is winning with Bryan Cox, who has spent most of his career on the other side
of control. Cox was out of shape when Parcells called, but that didn't bother
Parcells. Outsiders figured the two would never co-exist, but that didn't bother
him, either. Parcells found which buttons to push there, too. This season, he
left a half canister of fuel in Cox's locker. The suggestion: Cox was running
out of gas.

Who knows? Maybe winning with this bunch, this soon, finally will make Parcells
happy. Nothing else has. He left the Giants, his boyhood team, when he seemed to
have it going there. He left the Patriots, full of young stars, after a struggle
over personnel there.

For now, he seems happy with the Jets. For now, he seems happy in Denver. For
Parcells, it seems, the Broncos have always been in the middle of his struggles.
The personal one, two decades ago, when he sat in the end zone and watched, out
of football, unsure of the future. The professional one, 12 years ago, when he
won his first Super Bowl by beating the Broncos.

Today, he will try to do it again. Maybe he will be sweet. Maybe he will chuck
the officials on the arm after controversial calls. Maybe he will shrug when
things go bad. Maybe he will leave the result to the winds of fortune.

Hah. You know better. He will grunt and he will grouse and he will goose every
player every way he can think of.

And if he goes down, it will be fighting.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Bill Parcells

TYPE: COLUMN; SPECIAL SECTION

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              845 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     April 22, 1995, Saturday, ALL EDITIONS

Colin Campbell's Week;
Caught in a feud with rude, crude and racist WGST MONDAY.

BYLINE: Colin Campbell

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS, Pg. 2D, Colin Campbell

LENGTH: 471 words


A local radio station, WGST - which I've knocked as right-wing racist junk and a
destroyer of communal peace - has taken it into its electronic head to attack me
on the air as a pervert as well as a man of wrong opinions.

The station's behavior is unbelievable - but typical. I wonder if their sponsors
- including Home Depot - will ever get tired of their viciousness.

WGST's "talk radio hosts" have helped pollute the atmosphere of this city. They
mock and belittle Asians, gays, women, blacks, the Clintons - but especially
blacks. Their tactics are barely distinguishable from those of Joe McCarthy.

TUESDAY.

A producer from WGST named Mike Rose phoned me and left a message saying that he
and one of his station's phoniest, weirdest and nastiest talkers, Kim Peterson,
don't understand why I'm writing all those negative things about him. They want
me to be a call-in "guest" so we can "discuss" our differences.

Maybe next year. They're too unscrupulous.
WEDNESDAY.

In the morning, I turned on WGST for less than five minutes. The subject was
race, race, race. It often is.

A caller who identified himself as African-American phoned Sean Hannity to say
he hadn't appreciated hearing, "The Negroes are coming! The Negroes are coming!"

Hannity's comeback was so fast that I couldn't catch it all, but it had
something to do with satire against bigotry.

These guys love to call themselves satirists and defenders of free speech.

THURSDAY.
Cruising down Peachtree. Freaknik still hasn't started yet.

I decided not to listen to the "news monster" this morning, but as I was poking
the radio, an unusually angry and allergic Hannity came on and I listened for a
while.

First, he asserted falsely that his station was in the news business.

Second, concerning the Oklahoma City bombing, Hannity promised we'd "get these
scumbags." (The word "scumbag" - referring to a used condom - is typical of the
vulgarity that WGST broadcasts.)

Third, Hannity declared with a surge of theatrical rage, the bombers (thought to
be Middle Eastern types) should be subjected to "a public torturing."

Brilliant?

I got to the office to hear a lot of messages on my answering machine.

"What you said about WGST really hit home," said one from a high school teacher.

Another called WGST "among the most racially prejudiced filth I've ever heard in
my life, and I'm glad that somebody is finally calling them on the carpet."

I wish I could say it was a pleasure. It's not a pleasure. But somebody really
does need to do it.

FRIDAY.

It's beginning to seem that the Oklahoma City bombers may be a bunch of crazy,
American, racist, anti-Semitic white supremacists.

Freaknik, meanwhile, is turning out to be fairly quiet.
Maybe I should glue the radio dial to "off."

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              846 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             April 13, 2007 Friday

More irony

BYLINE: Public Forum Letter

SECTION: OPINION; Public Forum

LENGTH: 164 words


I read with interest the story in the April 10 Tribune regarding the
"Post-Mormon" support group, so I went to their Web site to find out more.

They proudly proclaim, "We are not anti-Mormon; it is not our intent to belittle
others" (and the site had numerous pictures of happy faces). Sounds fine.

Yet I found it strangely ironic that they immediately proceeded to declare that
"dogmatism and authoritarianism have proven detrimental to many individuals" and
that the church is full of "narrow-minded tribalism that impedes personal growth
and fosters a divided community" (as if any of that were an exclusively Mormon
thing).

Of course "Post-Mormon" is progressive because, "We feel bad for those who
choose ignorance." Needless to say, my interest quickly evaporated when it
became apparent that "Post-Mormon" seems to personify everything it claims to
despise. But it does prove to me that reactionary groups tend to be blind to
their own intolerance and dogma.

Doug Dansie

Salt Lake City

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              847 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 21, 1997, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Nannies, Feminists and the Power of Women

SECTION: Section A; Page 34; Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 115 words


To the Editor:

Maureen Dowd (column, Feb. 16) belittles Pamela Harriman's achievement in
charming, bedding or marrying a string of powerful and wealthy men by implying
that it was due to her merely being a consummate nanny. I think this is doing
Mrs. Harriman an injustice.

Men of the kind Mrs. Harriman married can buy all the service they could
possibly want; they don't need to marry to get it. Surely Mrs. Harriman must
have been more of a vixen than Ms. Dowd gives her credit for. Could Ms. Dowd's
column betray a discomfort many contemporary feminists feel when confronted with
evidence of the power of female sexuality?

JOHN W. MOTT
Astoria, Queens, Feb. 16, 1997

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              848 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            July 28, 1993 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

How to gag the harshest critic of all

BYLINE: Brenda Morgan

SECTION: TEMPO; Something personal; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 617 words


AT THE time that Mia Farrow's life came crashing down around her, I found myself
in a shop in Manhattan buying a book called `Recovery of Your Self-Esteem, a
Guide for Women'. Suddenly Bloomingdales, Broadway, the Guggenheim, lost all
fascination for me, we even missed the New York opening of `Strictly Ballroom'
as I lay on my bed revelling in the discoveries I was making.

Written by New York psychotherapist of 24 years, Carolynn Hillman, the book is
worthwhile if for only one thing. This is Hillman's exposition of the "inner
critic". That voice from deep within you that stops you enjoying the success you
work so hard for, or from even getting started.

It's easily recognised this voice. It's the one which "attacks", "berates", "
belittles" your every dream. It's the voice that uses words like "fake", and
"imposter". It's the voice that won't let you like yourself even though you've
never been wicked to children or unkind to your mum or squashed a snail without
apologising to it.

Hillman writes of the women she meets in her practice. "They would be
compassionate, accepting, respectful, and supportive towards many people in
their lives, praising and encouraging them, while themselves they berated and
belittled.

I've always wanted to be rich. But I'm not a businesswoman, I'm a writer. The
only way I could make my fortune would be by writing a bestseller. "What!"
exclaims my inner critic, heading straight for the jugular, "write thick books?
Rival Jackie Collins? Come on now, remember who you are, a plain country girl
more familiar with hens than Hollywood.

I hit back. "OK, then. I'll forget about being rich. I'll just write.

Good things, like Garner and Malouf. Be philosophically sound and eminently
respectable.

"What," scoffs that inner voice again, "Don't make me laugh.

They're gifted, educated, profound. What've you ever done that's in their
league?" The second best thing that Hillman says is: "Usually, though, a woman
is not aware that she is actively undermining herself and eroding her
self-esteem." We blame others for putting us down but we do it to ourselves far
more than anyone else would ever dare.

Of course our society still disempowers women, but it's that inner critic that
lets it get away with it. It's the voice from somewhere far in our past, that
might have been our mother, a jealous sibling or a teacher who said sharp things
and made us feel so bad. They echo on, spoiling our lives and we let them.

"It's like living with two voices in your head," said my friend who plays violin
in a major orchestra, who doesn't believe she's good enough, "one which builds
you up, and one which cuts you down.

"You didn't learn to dislike yourself in a week and you won't unlearn it in a
week either," writes Hillman. After presenting exercises to help you be happier
with yourself, she concludes by suggesting ways to keep your self-esteem intact,
in testy situations like raising children, in the workplace, even when making
love.

If I want money to burn. If I want to write a steamy bestseller which becomes a
movie with all the stars from `Steel Magnolias', I'm going to do it. Or, if I
want to write like Garner and Malouf, of things which touch my soul and move my
heart, I'll do that. If it's what I want I'll pay attention to the voice which
promotes my dream and listen to no other.

Since that fateful day in Manhattan when Mia's star fell and mine began to rise
I've found a new confidence. It's not so hard to shut up that inner critic. It's
possible, too, to write that novel evoking the soul or to play in an orchestra
confident that that is where you really belong.

`Recovery of Your Self-Esteem, a Guide for Women', by Carolynn Hillman (Simon
and Schuster, $19.95).

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1993 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              849 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                          December 14, 2011 Wednesday

Salford's tram track was a real building feat ; Europe's still our future

BYLINE: Graeme McGilliard

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 1379 words


I'M English born and bred, but consider myself to be European.

Ivoted in a referendum in 1975 to stay in Europe and for a full federal European
state.

I wanted this to help counteract the influence of the USA on the rest of the
world.

Ifelt far-sighted enough to realise this was how Europe should develop its
strength.

However, the Tories have tried to belittle and destroy such a union at every
opportunity.

Margaret Thatcher was besotted byAmerica and that other Tory in all but name,
Tony Blair, led us into war alongside the USA.

Now David Cameron is the latest leader backing away from Europe.

We always read about how much Europe costs us, but nobody dares reveal the full
cost of our two American wars. Both are futile and my taxes are contributing to
the deaths of many soldiers.

Afederal Europe is still the only way forward. In a few years' time, America
will be broke especially if it attacks Iran and opens up a new conflict.

That's why we should be INEurope, not doing our best to leave it.

JTBrown, Bramhall

Excessive actions

LORD Turner popped up on the radio on Monday, defending the FSA's failure to act
in the case of RBS's catastrophic purchase of ABN-Amro on the grounds that no
illegal action could be proved in court.

Does he believe that all the media investigations into this matter contain no
truth? There have been statements which show that Sir Fred Goodwinwas an
autocratic boss who pressed ahead without due diligence, happy to take ABN's
assertion of worth at its face value. I agree with 'Realist' (Postbag, December
12), your previous correspondent on this subject, that David Cameron's veto of
the EU's move to restrict the excesses of such as the like of Sir Fred amounts
to supporting the banks against us, the tax-paying public. If there were an
opposition worthy of the name, I'd vote for it but there isn't. New Labour
agrees with Cameron on this.

El Residente, Manchester

Banks need sales

THE banks have rightly been derided for their part in the financial demise of
our country, but there are still ominous facts about them

The  £10.5m fine on the bank HSBC for mis-selling policies should give a
salutary warning to all people going to a bank for financial advice. The people
giving the advice have targets to achieve and often they are paid a commission.

The problem is that many people believe they are getting impartial advice when
they go into a bank. However nobody will get impartial advice when they will get
sold' products which are needed to hit targets.

Financial advisers are often skilled at creating empathy and building up trust.
The important thing people must understand that many people working in banks are
sales people.

HSBC should make people very wary about getting advice from any bank. Their job
is to sell products and if they did not achieve it they would soon be out of a
job.

Harry Singleton,

Ashton under Lyne

Blocks ahead

JUSTwhen you thought it was safe to step outside the door again, lurking around
the corner is Congestion Charge Two'!

Not pay as you go this time, but, but block the road as you go. The council's
plan is to block Oxford Road, Princess Street and Portland street to cars.

What would stop them in future extending this into Rusholme to Princess Road,
Stockport Road, Wilmslow Road, etc?

Transport for Manchester suggests that this will improve the area, making it
easier for students to get to university for instance.

What about the small traders, self-employed tradesmen or people in the
restaurant trade who are already finding times hard? Putting obstacles in their
way is only going to make life harder.

Why have our local ward councillors gone quiet on this issue? The MENand the
public saw off the congestion charge and only recently the MENcampaign
successfully got lollipop patrols reinstated. Now there is a new battle looming
against this damaging proposition.

Rusholme Small Traders and Residents Against Road Blocks

Staff deserve rise

IFEEL passionately enraged by the article regarding Chief Nurse Mandy Bailey's
enormous pay rise as a reward for reducing the number of infections of MRSA and
C-diff in Wythenshawe Hospital.

Ihope that the public realise that the talented teams of staff do the real work
to achieve this. Yet they have not received any pay rise in the last two years,
and have to put up with long hours. Also, spare a thought for those who will be
away from their families and not receiving appropriate pay in return over the
festive period. Where is the honesty, fairness and justice in that?

Miss VJ Long, Northern Moor

Records shocker

IAMsurprised to hear that our NHSdata records could be released to private
healthcare companies and organisations for a possible access fee. If Mr Cameron
gets the go-ahead on these proposals, it will be one step closer to
privatisation of the NHS.

Norton Gamble,

Cheadle Hulme

Happy to drive

I WONDER if Janet Cuff (Postbag, December 12) realises just how pompous she
sounds.

I can only assume Ms Cuff doesn't drive; good for her. I wonder if she has asked
young people how they feel about the environment; I've found young people are
very aware of the needs of the planet.

Finally why especially boys want to learn to drive'; in this day and age girls
are just as keen and able. I passed my driving test when I was an 18 year old
girl, over 40 years ago, and I would recommend it to anyone, male or female.
Please let's be reasonable in our viewpoints.

Happy driver, Manchester   METROWatcher (Postbag, December 8) rightly states
that the Manchester Ship Canal was constructed more speedily than Metrolink. The
relatively short Eccles extension took four years, after all. And it is all down
to the numbers of workers involved and the graft they put in back in those days.
Back 110 years ago, Salford Corporation equipped every main road in the city
with a double-track tramway, including 47 crossovers (Manchester city centre has
three). There was a total of 75 route miles of track. This trackwork was carried
out by massive gangs of navvies, using hard graft and primitive equipment.
Between 1901 and 1904 (the same time taken to construct the modern Eccles line
on Metrolink), the entire city tramway was installed into every main road, and
in all-day use by 29 different tram services. Most of this tram track today lies
dormant beneath a modern-day road surface. Alex King, Salford   â
CONSIDERINGthe poverty and hardship that exist throughout the world, the
reaction to the demise of Manchester's two football clubs exiting the Champions
League was pathetic. It was just a tale of two football matches and the old
adage some you win, some you lose' was never more apt. Why can't more people see
that? FBorn, Manchester â   AFEW weeks' ago, Mr Fenton of Hazel Grove wrote to
Postbag praising the treatment received by his wife on ward E2 at Stepping Hill
hospital. It heartened me to read this as Iam a very proud grandmother of one of
the staff there. Thank you, the long hours and dedication are rewarded by
comments like this. BK, Hazel Grove â   I READ Sir Alan Sugar's recent comments
about buying British. I think that items should be encouraged to be labelled as
UK built / manufactured and also UK parts / contents. I am sure many people
would support such a scheme and would prefer to buy British, even if it was a
bit more expensive. With the world being as it is at the moment, I would like us
to be thinking more about building a future for our families. I am really
pleased that Sir Alan has expressed his feelings about this, well done. John
Baugh, Stockport â   WE are delighted that hundreds of people have given their
views about what services they think The Christie should be offering in the
future as part of our 20:20 Vision engagement exercise. Many have been touched
by the great work of our staff either because they have had cancer, or because
they have supported a family member or friend. It's really important that we get
our future vision right, so we'd like to hear from as many people as possible. I
would like to invite people who have not yet had their say to get involved. Your
feedback will ensure we get it right. To take part, please log onto our website
christie.nhs.uk, or contact us on email 2020vision@christie.nhs.uk by 31 March
2012. Caroline Shaw, chief executive, The Christie NHS Foundation Trust

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WRONGMOVEOur lead letter writer today believes that Britain should
remain close to the rest of Europe, instead of following the path of Prime
Minister David Cameron and moving away

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              850 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                          December 14, 2011 Wednesday

Salford's tram track was a real building feat ; Europe's still our future

BYLINE: Graeme McGilliard

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 1379 words


I'M English born and bred, but consider myself to be European.

Ivoted in a referendum in 1975 to stay in Europe and for a full federal European
state.

I wanted this to help counteract the influence of the USA on the rest of the
world.

Ifelt far-sighted enough to realise this was how Europe should develop its
strength.

However, the Tories have tried to belittle and destroy such a union at every
opportunity.

Margaret Thatcher was besotted byAmerica and that other Tory in all but name,
Tony Blair, led us into war alongside the USA.

Now David Cameron is the latest leader backing away from Europe.

We always read about how much Europe costs us, but nobody dares reveal the full
cost of our two American wars. Both are futile and my taxes are contributing to
the deaths of many soldiers.

Afederal Europe is still the only way forward. In a few years' time, America
will be broke especially if it attacks Iran and opens up a new conflict.

That's why we should be INEurope, not doing our best to leave it.

JTBrown, Bramhall

Excessive actions

LORD Turner popped up on the radio on Monday, defending the FSA's failure to act
in the case of RBS's catastrophic purchase of ABN-Amro on the grounds that no
illegal action could be proved in court.

Does he believe that all the media investigations into this matter contain no
truth? There have been statements which show that Sir Fred Goodwinwas an
autocratic boss who pressed ahead without due diligence, happy to take ABN's
assertion of worth at its face value. I agree with 'Realist' (Postbag, December
12), your previous correspondent on this subject, that David Cameron's veto of
the EU's move to restrict the excesses of such as the like of Sir Fred amounts
to supporting the banks against us, the tax-paying public. If there were an
opposition worthy of the name, I'd vote for it but there isn't. New Labour
agrees with Cameron on this.

El Residente, Manchester

Banks need sales

THE banks have rightly been derided for their part in the financial demise of
our country, but there are still ominous facts about them

The  £10.5m fine on the bank HSBC for mis-selling policies should give a
salutary warning to all people going to a bank for financial advice. The people
giving the advice have targets to achieve and often they are paid a commission.

The problem is that many people believe they are getting impartial advice when
they go into a bank. However nobody will get impartial advice when they will get
sold' products which are needed to hit targets.

Financial advisers are often skilled at creating empathy and building up trust.
The important thing people must understand that many people working in banks are
sales people.

HSBC should make people very wary about getting advice from any bank. Their job
is to sell products and if they did not achieve it they would soon be out of a
job.

Harry Singleton,

Ashton under Lyne

Blocks ahead

JUSTwhen you thought it was safe to step outside the door again, lurking around
the corner is Congestion Charge Two'!

Not pay as you go this time, but, but block the road as you go. The council's
plan is to block Oxford Road, Princess Street and Portland street to cars.

What would stop them in future extending this into Rusholme to Princess Road,
Stockport Road, Wilmslow Road, etc?

Transport for Manchester suggests that this will improve the area, making it
easier for students to get to university for instance.

What about the small traders, self-employed tradesmen or people in the
restaurant trade who are already finding times hard? Putting obstacles in their
way is only going to make life harder.

Why have our local ward councillors gone quiet on this issue? The MENand the
public saw off the congestion charge and only recently the MENcampaign
successfully got lollipop patrols reinstated. Now there is a new battle looming
against this damaging proposition.

Rusholme Small Traders and Residents Against Road Blocks

Staff deserve rise

IFEEL passionately enraged by the article regarding Chief Nurse Mandy Bailey's
enormous pay rise as a reward for reducing the number of infections of MRSA and
C-diff in Wythenshawe Hospital.

Ihope that the public realise that the talented teams of staff do the real work
to achieve this. Yet they have not received any pay rise in the last two years,
and have to put up with long hours. Also, spare a thought for those who will be
away from their families and not receiving appropriate pay in return over the
festive period. Where is the honesty, fairness and justice in that?

Miss VJ Long, Northern Moor

Records shocker

IAMsurprised to hear that our NHSdata records could be released to private
healthcare companies and organisations for a possible access fee. If Mr Cameron
gets the go-ahead on these proposals, it will be one step closer to
privatisation of the NHS.

Norton Gamble,

Cheadle Hulme

Happy to drive

I WONDER if Janet Cuff (Postbag, December 12) realises just how pompous she
sounds.

I can only assume Ms Cuff doesn't drive; good for her. I wonder if she has asked
young people how they feel about the environment; I've found young people are
very aware of the needs of the planet.

Finally why especially boys want to learn to drive'; in this day and age girls
are just as keen and able. I passed my driving test when I was an 18 year old
girl, over 40 years ago, and I would recommend it to anyone, male or female.
Please let's be reasonable in our viewpoints.

Happy driver, Manchester   METROWatcher (Postbag, December 8) rightly states
that the Manchester Ship Canal was constructed more speedily than Metrolink. The
relatively short Eccles extension took four years, after all. And it is all down
to the numbers of workers involved and the graft they put in back in those days.
Back 110 years ago, Salford Corporation equipped every main road in the city
with a double-track tramway, including 47 crossovers (Manchester city centre has
three). There was a total of 75 route miles of track. This trackwork was carried
out by massive gangs of navvies, using hard graft and primitive equipment.
Between 1901 and 1904 (the same time taken to construct the modern Eccles line
on Metrolink), the entire city tramway was installed into every main road, and
in all-day use by 29 different tram services. Most of this tram track today lies
dormant beneath a modern-day road surface. Alex King, Salford   â
CONSIDERINGthe poverty and hardship that exist throughout the world, the
reaction to the demise of Manchester's two football clubs exiting the Champions
League was pathetic. It was just a tale of two football matches and the old
adage some you win, some you lose' was never more apt. Why can't more people see
that? FBorn, Manchester â   AFEW weeks' ago, Mr Fenton of Hazel Grove wrote to
Postbag praising the treatment received by his wife on ward E2 at Stepping Hill
hospital. It heartened me to read this as Iam a very proud grandmother of one of
the staff there. Thank you, the long hours and dedication are rewarded by
comments like this. BK, Hazel Grove â   I READ Sir Alan Sugar's recent comments
about buying British. I think that items should be encouraged to be labelled as
UK built / manufactured and also UK parts / contents. I am sure many people
would support such a scheme and would prefer to buy British, even if it was a
bit more expensive. With the world being as it is at the moment, I would like us
to be thinking more about building a future for our families. I am really
pleased that Sir Alan has expressed his feelings about this, well done. John
Baugh, Stockport â   WE are delighted that hundreds of people have given their
views about what services they think The Christie should be offering in the
future as part of our 20:20 Vision engagement exercise. Many have been touched
by the great work of our staff either because they have had cancer, or because
they have supported a family member or friend. It's really important that we get
our future vision right, so we'd like to hear from as many people as possible. I
would like to invite people who have not yet had their say to get involved. Your
feedback will ensure we get it right. To take part, please log onto our website
christie.nhs.uk, or contact us on email 2020vision@christie.nhs.uk by 31 March
2012. Caroline Shaw, chief executive, The Christie NHS Foundation Trust

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WRONGMOVEOur lead letter writer today believes that Britain should
remain close to the rest of Europe, instead of following the path of Prime
Minister David Cameron and moving away

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              851 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                          December 14, 2011 Wednesday

Salford's tram track was a real building feat ; Europe's still our future

BYLINE: Graeme McGilliard

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 1379 words


I'M English born and bred, but consider myself to be European.

Ivoted in a referendum in 1975 to stay in Europe and for a full federal European
state.

I wanted this to help counteract the influence of the USA on the rest of the
world.

Ifelt far-sighted enough to realise this was how Europe should develop its
strength.

However, the Tories have tried to belittle and destroy such a union at every
opportunity.

Margaret Thatcher was besotted byAmerica and that other Tory in all but name,
Tony Blair, led us into war alongside the USA.

Now David Cameron is the latest leader backing away from Europe.

We always read about how much Europe costs us, but nobody dares reveal the full
cost of our two American wars. Both are futile and my taxes are contributing to
the deaths of many soldiers.

Afederal Europe is still the only way forward. In a few years' time, America
will be broke especially if it attacks Iran and opens up a new conflict.

That's why we should be INEurope, not doing our best to leave it.

JTBrown, Bramhall

Excessive actions

LORD Turner popped up on the radio on Monday, defending the FSA's failure to act
in the case of RBS's catastrophic purchase of ABN-Amro on the grounds that no
illegal action could be proved in court.

Does he believe that all the media investigations into this matter contain no
truth? There have been statements which show that Sir Fred Goodwinwas an
autocratic boss who pressed ahead without due diligence, happy to take ABN's
assertion of worth at its face value. I agree with 'Realist' (Postbag, December
12), your previous correspondent on this subject, that David Cameron's veto of
the EU's move to restrict the excesses of such as the like of Sir Fred amounts
to supporting the banks against us, the tax-paying public. If there were an
opposition worthy of the name, I'd vote for it but there isn't. New Labour
agrees with Cameron on this.

El Residente, Manchester

Banks need sales

THE banks have rightly been derided for their part in the financial demise of
our country, but there are still ominous facts about them

The  £10.5m fine on the bank HSBC for mis-selling policies should give a
salutary warning to all people going to a bank for financial advice. The people
giving the advice have targets to achieve and often they are paid a commission.

The problem is that many people believe they are getting impartial advice when
they go into a bank. However nobody will get impartial advice when they will get
sold' products which are needed to hit targets.

Financial advisers are often skilled at creating empathy and building up trust.
The important thing people must understand that many people working in banks are
sales people.

HSBC should make people very wary about getting advice from any bank. Their job
is to sell products and if they did not achieve it they would soon be out of a
job.

Harry Singleton,

Ashton under Lyne

Blocks ahead

JUSTwhen you thought it was safe to step outside the door again, lurking around
the corner is Congestion Charge Two'!

Not pay as you go this time, but, but block the road as you go. The council's
plan is to block Oxford Road, Princess Street and Portland street to cars.

What would stop them in future extending this into Rusholme to Princess Road,
Stockport Road, Wilmslow Road, etc?

Transport for Manchester suggests that this will improve the area, making it
easier for students to get to university for instance.

What about the small traders, self-employed tradesmen or people in the
restaurant trade who are already finding times hard? Putting obstacles in their
way is only going to make life harder.

Why have our local ward councillors gone quiet on this issue? The MENand the
public saw off the congestion charge and only recently the MENcampaign
successfully got lollipop patrols reinstated. Now there is a new battle looming
against this damaging proposition.

Rusholme Small Traders and Residents Against Road Blocks

Staff deserve rise

IFEEL passionately enraged by the article regarding Chief Nurse Mandy Bailey's
enormous pay rise as a reward for reducing the number of infections of MRSA and
C-diff in Wythenshawe Hospital.

Ihope that the public realise that the talented teams of staff do the real work
to achieve this. Yet they have not received any pay rise in the last two years,
and have to put up with long hours. Also, spare a thought for those who will be
away from their families and not receiving appropriate pay in return over the
festive period. Where is the honesty, fairness and justice in that?

Miss VJ Long, Northern Moor

Records shocker

IAMsurprised to hear that our NHSdata records could be released to private
healthcare companies and organisations for a possible access fee. If Mr Cameron
gets the go-ahead on these proposals, it will be one step closer to
privatisation of the NHS.

Norton Gamble,

Cheadle Hulme

Happy to drive

I WONDER if Janet Cuff (Postbag, December 12) realises just how pompous she
sounds.

I can only assume Ms Cuff doesn't drive; good for her. I wonder if she has asked
young people how they feel about the environment; I've found young people are
very aware of the needs of the planet.

Finally why especially boys want to learn to drive'; in this day and age girls
are just as keen and able. I passed my driving test when I was an 18 year old
girl, over 40 years ago, and I would recommend it to anyone, male or female.
Please let's be reasonable in our viewpoints.

Happy driver, Manchester   METROWatcher (Postbag, December 8) rightly states
that the Manchester Ship Canal was constructed more speedily than Metrolink. The
relatively short Eccles extension took four years, after all. And it is all down
to the numbers of workers involved and the graft they put in back in those days.
Back 110 years ago, Salford Corporation equipped every main road in the city
with a double-track tramway, including 47 crossovers (Manchester city centre has
three). There was a total of 75 route miles of track. This trackwork was carried
out by massive gangs of navvies, using hard graft and primitive equipment.
Between 1901 and 1904 (the same time taken to construct the modern Eccles line
on Metrolink), the entire city tramway was installed into every main road, and
in all-day use by 29 different tram services. Most of this tram track today lies
dormant beneath a modern-day road surface. Alex King, Salford   â
CONSIDERINGthe poverty and hardship that exist throughout the world, the
reaction to the demise of Manchester's two football clubs exiting the Champions
League was pathetic. It was just a tale of two football matches and the old
adage some you win, some you lose' was never more apt. Why can't more people see
that? FBorn, Manchester â   AFEW weeks' ago, Mr Fenton of Hazel Grove wrote to
Postbag praising the treatment received by his wife on ward E2 at Stepping Hill
hospital. It heartened me to read this as Iam a very proud grandmother of one of
the staff there. Thank you, the long hours and dedication are rewarded by
comments like this. BK, Hazel Grove â   I READ Sir Alan Sugar's recent comments
about buying British. I think that items should be encouraged to be labelled as
UK built / manufactured and also UK parts / contents. I am sure many people
would support such a scheme and would prefer to buy British, even if it was a
bit more expensive. With the world being as it is at the moment, I would like us
to be thinking more about building a future for our families. I am really
pleased that Sir Alan has expressed his feelings about this, well done. John
Baugh, Stockport â   WE are delighted that hundreds of people have given their
views about what services they think The Christie should be offering in the
future as part of our 20:20 Vision engagement exercise. Many have been touched
by the great work of our staff either because they have had cancer, or because
they have supported a family member or friend. It's really important that we get
our future vision right, so we'd like to hear from as many people as possible. I
would like to invite people who have not yet had their say to get involved. Your
feedback will ensure we get it right. To take part, please log onto our website
christie.nhs.uk, or contact us on email 2020vision@christie.nhs.uk by 31 March
2012. Caroline Shaw, chief executive, The Christie NHS Foundation Trust

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WRONGMOVEOur lead letter writer today believes that Britain should
remain close to the rest of Europe, instead of following the path of Prime
Minister David Cameron and moving away

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              852 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                          December 14, 2011 Wednesday

Salford's tram track was a real building feat ; Europe's still our future

BYLINE: Graeme McGilliard

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 1379 words


I'M English born and bred, but consider myself to be European.

Ivoted in a referendum in 1975 to stay in Europe and for a full federal European
state.

I wanted this to help counteract the influence of the USA on the rest of the
world.

Ifelt far-sighted enough to realise this was how Europe should develop its
strength.

However, the Tories have tried to belittle and destroy such a union at every
opportunity.

Margaret Thatcher was besotted byAmerica and that other Tory in all but name,
Tony Blair, led us into war alongside the USA.

Now David Cameron is the latest leader backing away from Europe.

We always read about how much Europe costs us, but nobody dares reveal the full
cost of our two American wars. Both are futile and my taxes are contributing to
the deaths of many soldiers.

Afederal Europe is still the only way forward. In a few years' time, America
will be broke especially if it attacks Iran and opens up a new conflict.

That's why we should be INEurope, not doing our best to leave it.

JTBrown, Bramhall

Excessive actions

LORD Turner popped up on the radio on Monday, defending the FSA's failure to act
in the case of RBS's catastrophic purchase of ABN-Amro on the grounds that no
illegal action could be proved in court.

Does he believe that all the media investigations into this matter contain no
truth? There have been statements which show that Sir Fred Goodwinwas an
autocratic boss who pressed ahead without due diligence, happy to take ABN's
assertion of worth at its face value. I agree with 'Realist' (Postbag, December
12), your previous correspondent on this subject, that David Cameron's veto of
the EU's move to restrict the excesses of such as the like of Sir Fred amounts
to supporting the banks against us, the tax-paying public. If there were an
opposition worthy of the name, I'd vote for it but there isn't. New Labour
agrees with Cameron on this.

El Residente, Manchester

Banks need sales

THE banks have rightly been derided for their part in the financial demise of
our country, but there are still ominous facts about them

The  £10.5m fine on the bank HSBC for mis-selling policies should give a
salutary warning to all people going to a bank for financial advice. The people
giving the advice have targets to achieve and often they are paid a commission.

The problem is that many people believe they are getting impartial advice when
they go into a bank. However nobody will get impartial advice when they will get
sold' products which are needed to hit targets.

Financial advisers are often skilled at creating empathy and building up trust.
The important thing people must understand that many people working in banks are
sales people.

HSBC should make people very wary about getting advice from any bank. Their job
is to sell products and if they did not achieve it they would soon be out of a
job.

Harry Singleton,

Ashton under Lyne

Blocks ahead

JUSTwhen you thought it was safe to step outside the door again, lurking around
the corner is Congestion Charge Two'!

Not pay as you go this time, but, but block the road as you go. The council's
plan is to block Oxford Road, Princess Street and Portland street to cars.

What would stop them in future extending this into Rusholme to Princess Road,
Stockport Road, Wilmslow Road, etc?

Transport for Manchester suggests that this will improve the area, making it
easier for students to get to university for instance.

What about the small traders, self-employed tradesmen or people in the
restaurant trade who are already finding times hard? Putting obstacles in their
way is only going to make life harder.

Why have our local ward councillors gone quiet on this issue? The MENand the
public saw off the congestion charge and only recently the MENcampaign
successfully got lollipop patrols reinstated. Now there is a new battle looming
against this damaging proposition.

Rusholme Small Traders and Residents Against Road Blocks

Staff deserve rise

IFEEL passionately enraged by the article regarding Chief Nurse Mandy Bailey's
enormous pay rise as a reward for reducing the number of infections of MRSA and
C-diff in Wythenshawe Hospital.

Ihope that the public realise that the talented teams of staff do the real work
to achieve this. Yet they have not received any pay rise in the last two years,
and have to put up with long hours. Also, spare a thought for those who will be
away from their families and not receiving appropriate pay in return over the
festive period. Where is the honesty, fairness and justice in that?

Miss VJ Long, Northern Moor

Records shocker

IAMsurprised to hear that our NHSdata records could be released to private
healthcare companies and organisations for a possible access fee. If Mr Cameron
gets the go-ahead on these proposals, it will be one step closer to
privatisation of the NHS.

Norton Gamble,

Cheadle Hulme

Happy to drive

I WONDER if Janet Cuff (Postbag, December 12) realises just how pompous she
sounds.

I can only assume Ms Cuff doesn't drive; good for her. I wonder if she has asked
young people how they feel about the environment; I've found young people are
very aware of the needs of the planet.

Finally why especially boys want to learn to drive'; in this day and age girls
are just as keen and able. I passed my driving test when I was an 18 year old
girl, over 40 years ago, and I would recommend it to anyone, male or female.
Please let's be reasonable in our viewpoints.

Happy driver, Manchester   METROWatcher (Postbag, December 8) rightly states
that the Manchester Ship Canal was constructed more speedily than Metrolink. The
relatively short Eccles extension took four years, after all. And it is all down
to the numbers of workers involved and the graft they put in back in those days.
Back 110 years ago, Salford Corporation equipped every main road in the city
with a double-track tramway, including 47 crossovers (Manchester city centre has
three). There was a total of 75 route miles of track. This trackwork was carried
out by massive gangs of navvies, using hard graft and primitive equipment.
Between 1901 and 1904 (the same time taken to construct the modern Eccles line
on Metrolink), the entire city tramway was installed into every main road, and
in all-day use by 29 different tram services. Most of this tram track today lies
dormant beneath a modern-day road surface. Alex King, Salford   â
CONSIDERINGthe poverty and hardship that exist throughout the world, the
reaction to the demise of Manchester's two football clubs exiting the Champions
League was pathetic. It was just a tale of two football matches and the old
adage some you win, some you lose' was never more apt. Why can't more people see
that? FBorn, Manchester â   AFEW weeks' ago, Mr Fenton of Hazel Grove wrote to
Postbag praising the treatment received by his wife on ward E2 at Stepping Hill
hospital. It heartened me to read this as Iam a very proud grandmother of one of
the staff there. Thank you, the long hours and dedication are rewarded by
comments like this. BK, Hazel Grove â   I READ Sir Alan Sugar's recent comments
about buying British. I think that items should be encouraged to be labelled as
UK built / manufactured and also UK parts / contents. I am sure many people
would support such a scheme and would prefer to buy British, even if it was a
bit more expensive. With the world being as it is at the moment, I would like us
to be thinking more about building a future for our families. I am really
pleased that Sir Alan has expressed his feelings about this, well done. John
Baugh, Stockport â   WE are delighted that hundreds of people have given their
views about what services they think The Christie should be offering in the
future as part of our 20:20 Vision engagement exercise. Many have been touched
by the great work of our staff either because they have had cancer, or because
they have supported a family member or friend. It's really important that we get
our future vision right, so we'd like to hear from as many people as possible. I
would like to invite people who have not yet had their say to get involved. Your
feedback will ensure we get it right. To take part, please log onto our website
christie.nhs.uk, or contact us on email 2020vision@christie.nhs.uk by 31 March
2012. Caroline Shaw, chief executive, The Christie NHS Foundation Trust

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WRONGMOVEOur lead letter writer today believes that Britain should
remain close to the rest of Europe, instead of following the path of Prime
Minister David Cameron and moving away

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              853 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                          December 14, 2011 Wednesday

Salford's tram track was a real building feat ; Europe's still our future

BYLINE: Graeme McGilliard

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 1379 words


I'M English born and bred, but consider myself to be European.

Ivoted in a referendum in 1975 to stay in Europe and for a full federal European
state.

I wanted this to help counteract the influence of the USA on the rest of the
world.

Ifelt far-sighted enough to realise this was how Europe should develop its
strength.

However, the Tories have tried to belittle and destroy such a union at every
opportunity.

Margaret Thatcher was besotted byAmerica and that other Tory in all but name,
Tony Blair, led us into war alongside the USA.

Now David Cameron is the latest leader backing away from Europe.

We always read about how much Europe costs us, but nobody dares reveal the full
cost of our two American wars. Both are futile and my taxes are contributing to
the deaths of many soldiers.

Afederal Europe is still the only way forward. In a few years' time, America
will be broke especially if it attacks Iran and opens up a new conflict.

That's why we should be INEurope, not doing our best to leave it.

JTBrown, Bramhall

Excessive actions

LORD Turner popped up on the radio on Monday, defending the FSA's failure to act
in the case of RBS's catastrophic purchase of ABN-Amro on the grounds that no
illegal action could be proved in court.

Does he believe that all the media investigations into this matter contain no
truth? There have been statements which show that Sir Fred Goodwinwas an
autocratic boss who pressed ahead without due diligence, happy to take ABN's
assertion of worth at its face value. I agree with 'Realist' (Postbag, December
12), your previous correspondent on this subject, that David Cameron's veto of
the EU's move to restrict the excesses of such as the like of Sir Fred amounts
to supporting the banks against us, the tax-paying public. If there were an
opposition worthy of the name, I'd vote for it but there isn't. New Labour
agrees with Cameron on this.

El Residente, Manchester

Banks need sales

THE banks have rightly been derided for their part in the financial demise of
our country, but there are still ominous facts about them

The  £10.5m fine on the bank HSBC for mis-selling policies should give a
salutary warning to all people going to a bank for financial advice. The people
giving the advice have targets to achieve and often they are paid a commission.

The problem is that many people believe they are getting impartial advice when
they go into a bank. However nobody will get impartial advice when they will get
sold' products which are needed to hit targets.

Financial advisers are often skilled at creating empathy and building up trust.
The important thing people must understand that many people working in banks are
sales people.

HSBC should make people very wary about getting advice from any bank. Their job
is to sell products and if they did not achieve it they would soon be out of a
job.

Harry Singleton,

Ashton under Lyne

Blocks ahead

JUSTwhen you thought it was safe to step outside the door again, lurking around
the corner is Congestion Charge Two'!

Not pay as you go this time, but, but block the road as you go. The council's
plan is to block Oxford Road, Princess Street and Portland street to cars.

What would stop them in future extending this into Rusholme to Princess Road,
Stockport Road, Wilmslow Road, etc?

Transport for Manchester suggests that this will improve the area, making it
easier for students to get to university for instance.

What about the small traders, self-employed tradesmen or people in the
restaurant trade who are already finding times hard? Putting obstacles in their
way is only going to make life harder.

Why have our local ward councillors gone quiet on this issue? The MENand the
public saw off the congestion charge and only recently the MENcampaign
successfully got lollipop patrols reinstated. Now there is a new battle looming
against this damaging proposition.

Rusholme Small Traders and Residents Against Road Blocks

Staff deserve rise

IFEEL passionately enraged by the article regarding Chief Nurse Mandy Bailey's
enormous pay rise as a reward for reducing the number of infections of MRSA and
C-diff in Wythenshawe Hospital.

Ihope that the public realise that the talented teams of staff do the real work
to achieve this. Yet they have not received any pay rise in the last two years,
and have to put up with long hours. Also, spare a thought for those who will be
away from their families and not receiving appropriate pay in return over the
festive period. Where is the honesty, fairness and justice in that?

Miss VJ Long, Northern Moor

Records shocker

IAMsurprised to hear that our NHSdata records could be released to private
healthcare companies and organisations for a possible access fee. If Mr Cameron
gets the go-ahead on these proposals, it will be one step closer to
privatisation of the NHS.

Norton Gamble,

Cheadle Hulme

Happy to drive

I WONDER if Janet Cuff (Postbag, December 12) realises just how pompous she
sounds.

I can only assume Ms Cuff doesn't drive; good for her. I wonder if she has asked
young people how they feel about the environment; I've found young people are
very aware of the needs of the planet.

Finally why especially boys want to learn to drive'; in this day and age girls
are just as keen and able. I passed my driving test when I was an 18 year old
girl, over 40 years ago, and I would recommend it to anyone, male or female.
Please let's be reasonable in our viewpoints.

Happy driver, Manchester   METROWatcher (Postbag, December 8) rightly states
that the Manchester Ship Canal was constructed more speedily than Metrolink. The
relatively short Eccles extension took four years, after all. And it is all down
to the numbers of workers involved and the graft they put in back in those days.
Back 110 years ago, Salford Corporation equipped every main road in the city
with a double-track tramway, including 47 crossovers (Manchester city centre has
three). There was a total of 75 route miles of track. This trackwork was carried
out by massive gangs of navvies, using hard graft and primitive equipment.
Between 1901 and 1904 (the same time taken to construct the modern Eccles line
on Metrolink), the entire city tramway was installed into every main road, and
in all-day use by 29 different tram services. Most of this tram track today lies
dormant beneath a modern-day road surface. Alex King, Salford   â
CONSIDERINGthe poverty and hardship that exist throughout the world, the
reaction to the demise of Manchester's two football clubs exiting the Champions
League was pathetic. It was just a tale of two football matches and the old
adage some you win, some you lose' was never more apt. Why can't more people see
that? FBorn, Manchester â   AFEW weeks' ago, Mr Fenton of Hazel Grove wrote to
Postbag praising the treatment received by his wife on ward E2 at Stepping Hill
hospital. It heartened me to read this as Iam a very proud grandmother of one of
the staff there. Thank you, the long hours and dedication are rewarded by
comments like this. BK, Hazel Grove â   I READ Sir Alan Sugar's recent comments
about buying British. I think that items should be encouraged to be labelled as
UK built / manufactured and also UK parts / contents. I am sure many people
would support such a scheme and would prefer to buy British, even if it was a
bit more expensive. With the world being as it is at the moment, I would like us
to be thinking more about building a future for our families. I am really
pleased that Sir Alan has expressed his feelings about this, well done. John
Baugh, Stockport â   WE are delighted that hundreds of people have given their
views about what services they think The Christie should be offering in the
future as part of our 20:20 Vision engagement exercise. Many have been touched
by the great work of our staff either because they have had cancer, or because
they have supported a family member or friend. It's really important that we get
our future vision right, so we'd like to hear from as many people as possible. I
would like to invite people who have not yet had their say to get involved. Your
feedback will ensure we get it right. To take part, please log onto our website
christie.nhs.uk, or contact us on email 2020vision@christie.nhs.uk by 31 March
2012. Caroline Shaw, chief executive, The Christie NHS Foundation Trust

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WRONGMOVEOur lead letter writer today believes that Britain should
remain close to the rest of Europe, instead of following the path of Prime
Minister David Cameron and moving away

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              854 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                          December 14, 2011 Wednesday

Salford's tram track was a real building feat ; Europe's still our future

BYLINE: Graeme McGilliard

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 1379 words


I'M English born and bred, but consider myself to be European.

Ivoted in a referendum in 1975 to stay in Europe and for a full federal European
state.

I wanted this to help counteract the influence of the USA on the rest of the
world.

Ifelt far-sighted enough to realise this was how Europe should develop its
strength.

However, the Tories have tried to belittle and destroy such a union at every
opportunity.

Margaret Thatcher was besotted byAmerica and that other Tory in all but name,
Tony Blair, led us into war alongside the USA.

Now David Cameron is the latest leader backing away from Europe.

We always read about how much Europe costs us, but nobody dares reveal the full
cost of our two American wars. Both are futile and my taxes are contributing to
the deaths of many soldiers.

Afederal Europe is still the only way forward. In a few years' time, America
will be broke especially if it attacks Iran and opens up a new conflict.

That's why we should be INEurope, not doing our best to leave it.

JTBrown, Bramhall

Excessive actions

LORD Turner popped up on the radio on Monday, defending the FSA's failure to act
in the case of RBS's catastrophic purchase of ABN-Amro on the grounds that no
illegal action could be proved in court.

Does he believe that all the media investigations into this matter contain no
truth? There have been statements which show that Sir Fred Goodwinwas an
autocratic boss who pressed ahead without due diligence, happy to take ABN's
assertion of worth at its face value. I agree with 'Realist' (Postbag, December
12), your previous correspondent on this subject, that David Cameron's veto of
the EU's move to restrict the excesses of such as the like of Sir Fred amounts
to supporting the banks against us, the tax-paying public. If there were an
opposition worthy of the name, I'd vote for it but there isn't. New Labour
agrees with Cameron on this.

El Residente, Manchester

Banks need sales

THE banks have rightly been derided for their part in the financial demise of
our country, but there are still ominous facts about them

The  £10.5m fine on the bank HSBC for mis-selling policies should give a
salutary warning to all people going to a bank for financial advice. The people
giving the advice have targets to achieve and often they are paid a commission.

The problem is that many people believe they are getting impartial advice when
they go into a bank. However nobody will get impartial advice when they will get
sold' products which are needed to hit targets.

Financial advisers are often skilled at creating empathy and building up trust.
The important thing people must understand that many people working in banks are
sales people.

HSBC should make people very wary about getting advice from any bank. Their job
is to sell products and if they did not achieve it they would soon be out of a
job.

Harry Singleton,

Ashton under Lyne

Blocks ahead

JUSTwhen you thought it was safe to step outside the door again, lurking around
the corner is Congestion Charge Two'!

Not pay as you go this time, but, but block the road as you go. The council's
plan is to block Oxford Road, Princess Street and Portland street to cars.

What would stop them in future extending this into Rusholme to Princess Road,
Stockport Road, Wilmslow Road, etc?

Transport for Manchester suggests that this will improve the area, making it
easier for students to get to university for instance.

What about the small traders, self-employed tradesmen or people in the
restaurant trade who are already finding times hard? Putting obstacles in their
way is only going to make life harder.

Why have our local ward councillors gone quiet on this issue? The MENand the
public saw off the congestion charge and only recently the MENcampaign
successfully got lollipop patrols reinstated. Now there is a new battle looming
against this damaging proposition.

Rusholme Small Traders and Residents Against Road Blocks

Staff deserve rise

IFEEL passionately enraged by the article regarding Chief Nurse Mandy Bailey's
enormous pay rise as a reward for reducing the number of infections of MRSA and
C-diff in Wythenshawe Hospital.

Ihope that the public realise that the talented teams of staff do the real work
to achieve this. Yet they have not received any pay rise in the last two years,
and have to put up with long hours. Also, spare a thought for those who will be
away from their families and not receiving appropriate pay in return over the
festive period. Where is the honesty, fairness and justice in that?

Miss VJ Long, Northern Moor

Records shocker

IAMsurprised to hear that our NHSdata records could be released to private
healthcare companies and organisations for a possible access fee. If Mr Cameron
gets the go-ahead on these proposals, it will be one step closer to
privatisation of the NHS.

Norton Gamble,

Cheadle Hulme

Happy to drive

I WONDER if Janet Cuff (Postbag, December 12) realises just how pompous she
sounds.

I can only assume Ms Cuff doesn't drive; good for her. I wonder if she has asked
young people how they feel about the environment; I've found young people are
very aware of the needs of the planet.

Finally why especially boys want to learn to drive'; in this day and age girls
are just as keen and able. I passed my driving test when I was an 18 year old
girl, over 40 years ago, and I would recommend it to anyone, male or female.
Please let's be reasonable in our viewpoints.

Happy driver, Manchester   METROWatcher (Postbag, December 8) rightly states
that the Manchester Ship Canal was constructed more speedily than Metrolink. The
relatively short Eccles extension took four years, after all. And it is all down
to the numbers of workers involved and the graft they put in back in those days.
Back 110 years ago, Salford Corporation equipped every main road in the city
with a double-track tramway, including 47 crossovers (Manchester city centre has
three). There was a total of 75 route miles of track. This trackwork was carried
out by massive gangs of navvies, using hard graft and primitive equipment.
Between 1901 and 1904 (the same time taken to construct the modern Eccles line
on Metrolink), the entire city tramway was installed into every main road, and
in all-day use by 29 different tram services. Most of this tram track today lies
dormant beneath a modern-day road surface. Alex King, Salford   â
CONSIDERINGthe poverty and hardship that exist throughout the world, the
reaction to the demise of Manchester's two football clubs exiting the Champions
League was pathetic. It was just a tale of two football matches and the old
adage some you win, some you lose' was never more apt. Why can't more people see
that? FBorn, Manchester â   AFEW weeks' ago, Mr Fenton of Hazel Grove wrote to
Postbag praising the treatment received by his wife on ward E2 at Stepping Hill
hospital. It heartened me to read this as Iam a very proud grandmother of one of
the staff there. Thank you, the long hours and dedication are rewarded by
comments like this. BK, Hazel Grove â   I READ Sir Alan Sugar's recent comments
about buying British. I think that items should be encouraged to be labelled as
UK built / manufactured and also UK parts / contents. I am sure many people
would support such a scheme and would prefer to buy British, even if it was a
bit more expensive. With the world being as it is at the moment, I would like us
to be thinking more about building a future for our families. I am really
pleased that Sir Alan has expressed his feelings about this, well done. John
Baugh, Stockport â   WE are delighted that hundreds of people have given their
views about what services they think The Christie should be offering in the
future as part of our 20:20 Vision engagement exercise. Many have been touched
by the great work of our staff either because they have had cancer, or because
they have supported a family member or friend. It's really important that we get
our future vision right, so we'd like to hear from as many people as possible. I
would like to invite people who have not yet had their say to get involved. Your
feedback will ensure we get it right. To take part, please log onto our website
christie.nhs.uk, or contact us on email 2020vision@christie.nhs.uk by 31 March
2012. Caroline Shaw, chief executive, The Christie NHS Foundation Trust

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WRONGMOVEOur lead letter writer today believes that Britain should
remain close to the rest of Europe, instead of following the path of Prime
Minister David Cameron and moving away

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              855 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                          December 14, 2011 Wednesday

Salford's tram track was a real building feat ; Europe's still our future

BYLINE: Graeme McGilliard

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 1379 words


I'M English born and bred, but consider myself to be European.

Ivoted in a referendum in 1975 to stay in Europe and for a full federal European
state.

I wanted this to help counteract the influence of the USA on the rest of the
world.

Ifelt far-sighted enough to realise this was how Europe should develop its
strength.

However, the Tories have tried to belittle and destroy such a union at every
opportunity.

Margaret Thatcher was besotted byAmerica and that other Tory in all but name,
Tony Blair, led us into war alongside the USA.

Now David Cameron is the latest leader backing away from Europe.

We always read about how much Europe costs us, but nobody dares reveal the full
cost of our two American wars. Both are futile and my taxes are contributing to
the deaths of many soldiers.

Afederal Europe is still the only way forward. In a few years' time, America
will be broke especially if it attacks Iran and opens up a new conflict.

That's why we should be INEurope, not doing our best to leave it.

JTBrown, Bramhall

Excessive actions

LORD Turner popped up on the radio on Monday, defending the FSA's failure to act
in the case of RBS's catastrophic purchase of ABN-Amro on the grounds that no
illegal action could be proved in court.

Does he believe that all the media investigations into this matter contain no
truth? There have been statements which show that Sir Fred Goodwinwas an
autocratic boss who pressed ahead without due diligence, happy to take ABN's
assertion of worth at its face value. I agree with 'Realist' (Postbag, December
12), your previous correspondent on this subject, that David Cameron's veto of
the EU's move to restrict the excesses of such as the like of Sir Fred amounts
to supporting the banks against us, the tax-paying public. If there were an
opposition worthy of the name, I'd vote for it but there isn't. New Labour
agrees with Cameron on this.

El Residente, Manchester

Banks need sales

THE banks have rightly been derided for their part in the financial demise of
our country, but there are still ominous facts about them

The  £10.5m fine on the bank HSBC for mis-selling policies should give a
salutary warning to all people going to a bank for financial advice. The people
giving the advice have targets to achieve and often they are paid a commission.

The problem is that many people believe they are getting impartial advice when
they go into a bank. However nobody will get impartial advice when they will get
sold' products which are needed to hit targets.

Financial advisers are often skilled at creating empathy and building up trust.
The important thing people must understand that many people working in banks are
sales people.

HSBC should make people very wary about getting advice from any bank. Their job
is to sell products and if they did not achieve it they would soon be out of a
job.

Harry Singleton,

Ashton under Lyne

Blocks ahead

JUSTwhen you thought it was safe to step outside the door again, lurking around
the corner is Congestion Charge Two'!

Not pay as you go this time, but, but block the road as you go. The council's
plan is to block Oxford Road, Princess Street and Portland street to cars.

What would stop them in future extending this into Rusholme to Princess Road,
Stockport Road, Wilmslow Road, etc?

Transport for Manchester suggests that this will improve the area, making it
easier for students to get to university for instance.

What about the small traders, self-employed tradesmen or people in the
restaurant trade who are already finding times hard? Putting obstacles in their
way is only going to make life harder.

Why have our local ward councillors gone quiet on this issue? The MENand the
public saw off the congestion charge and only recently the MENcampaign
successfully got lollipop patrols reinstated. Now there is a new battle looming
against this damaging proposition.

Rusholme Small Traders and Residents Against Road Blocks

Staff deserve rise

IFEEL passionately enraged by the article regarding Chief Nurse Mandy Bailey's
enormous pay rise as a reward for reducing the number of infections of MRSA and
C-diff in Wythenshawe Hospital.

Ihope that the public realise that the talented teams of staff do the real work
to achieve this. Yet they have not received any pay rise in the last two years,
and have to put up with long hours. Also, spare a thought for those who will be
away from their families and not receiving appropriate pay in return over the
festive period. Where is the honesty, fairness and justice in that?

Miss VJ Long, Northern Moor

Records shocker

IAMsurprised to hear that our NHSdata records could be released to private
healthcare companies and organisations for a possible access fee. If Mr Cameron
gets the go-ahead on these proposals, it will be one step closer to
privatisation of the NHS.

Norton Gamble,

Cheadle Hulme

Happy to drive

I WONDER if Janet Cuff (Postbag, December 12) realises just how pompous she
sounds.

I can only assume Ms Cuff doesn't drive; good for her. I wonder if she has asked
young people how they feel about the environment; I've found young people are
very aware of the needs of the planet.

Finally why especially boys want to learn to drive'; in this day and age girls
are just as keen and able. I passed my driving test when I was an 18 year old
girl, over 40 years ago, and I would recommend it to anyone, male or female.
Please let's be reasonable in our viewpoints.

Happy driver, Manchester   METROWatcher (Postbag, December 8) rightly states
that the Manchester Ship Canal was constructed more speedily than Metrolink. The
relatively short Eccles extension took four years, after all. And it is all down
to the numbers of workers involved and the graft they put in back in those days.
Back 110 years ago, Salford Corporation equipped every main road in the city
with a double-track tramway, including 47 crossovers (Manchester city centre has
three). There was a total of 75 route miles of track. This trackwork was carried
out by massive gangs of navvies, using hard graft and primitive equipment.
Between 1901 and 1904 (the same time taken to construct the modern Eccles line
on Metrolink), the entire city tramway was installed into every main road, and
in all-day use by 29 different tram services. Most of this tram track today lies
dormant beneath a modern-day road surface. Alex King, Salford   â
CONSIDERINGthe poverty and hardship that exist throughout the world, the
reaction to the demise of Manchester's two football clubs exiting the Champions
League was pathetic. It was just a tale of two football matches and the old
adage some you win, some you lose' was never more apt. Why can't more people see
that? FBorn, Manchester â   AFEW weeks' ago, Mr Fenton of Hazel Grove wrote to
Postbag praising the treatment received by his wife on ward E2 at Stepping Hill
hospital. It heartened me to read this as Iam a very proud grandmother of one of
the staff there. Thank you, the long hours and dedication are rewarded by
comments like this. BK, Hazel Grove â   I READ Sir Alan Sugar's recent comments
about buying British. I think that items should be encouraged to be labelled as
UK built / manufactured and also UK parts / contents. I am sure many people
would support such a scheme and would prefer to buy British, even if it was a
bit more expensive. With the world being as it is at the moment, I would like us
to be thinking more about building a future for our families. I am really
pleased that Sir Alan has expressed his feelings about this, well done. John
Baugh, Stockport â   WE are delighted that hundreds of people have given their
views about what services they think The Christie should be offering in the
future as part of our 20:20 Vision engagement exercise. Many have been touched
by the great work of our staff either because they have had cancer, or because
they have supported a family member or friend. It's really important that we get
our future vision right, so we'd like to hear from as many people as possible. I
would like to invite people who have not yet had their say to get involved. Your
feedback will ensure we get it right. To take part, please log onto our website
christie.nhs.uk, or contact us on email 2020vision@christie.nhs.uk by 31 March
2012. Caroline Shaw, chief executive, The Christie NHS Foundation Trust

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WRONGMOVEOur lead letter writer today believes that Britain should
remain close to the rest of Europe, instead of following the path of Prime
Minister David Cameron and moving away

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              856 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                          December 14, 2011 Wednesday

Salford's tram track was a real building feat ; Europe's still our future

BYLINE: Graeme McGilliard

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 1379 words


I'M English born and bred, but consider myself to be European.

Ivoted in a referendum in 1975 to stay in Europe and for a full federal European
state.

I wanted this to help counteract the influence of the USA on the rest of the
world.

Ifelt far-sighted enough to realise this was how Europe should develop its
strength.

However, the Tories have tried to belittle and destroy such a union at every
opportunity.

Margaret Thatcher was besotted byAmerica and that other Tory in all but name,
Tony Blair, led us into war alongside the USA.

Now David Cameron is the latest leader backing away from Europe.

We always read about how much Europe costs us, but nobody dares reveal the full
cost of our two American wars. Both are futile and my taxes are contributing to
the deaths of many soldiers.

Afederal Europe is still the only way forward. In a few years' time, America
will be broke especially if it attacks Iran and opens up a new conflict.

That's why we should be INEurope, not doing our best to leave it.

JTBrown, Bramhall

Excessive actions

LORD Turner popped up on the radio on Monday, defending the FSA's failure to act
in the case of RBS's catastrophic purchase of ABN-Amro on the grounds that no
illegal action could be proved in court.

Does he believe that all the media investigations into this matter contain no
truth? There have been statements which show that Sir Fred Goodwinwas an
autocratic boss who pressed ahead without due diligence, happy to take ABN's
assertion of worth at its face value. I agree with 'Realist' (Postbag, December
12), your previous correspondent on this subject, that David Cameron's veto of
the EU's move to restrict the excesses of such as the like of Sir Fred amounts
to supporting the banks against us, the tax-paying public. If there were an
opposition worthy of the name, I'd vote for it but there isn't. New Labour
agrees with Cameron on this.

El Residente, Manchester

Banks need sales

THE banks have rightly been derided for their part in the financial demise of
our country, but there are still ominous facts about them

The  £10.5m fine on the bank HSBC for mis-selling policies should give a
salutary warning to all people going to a bank for financial advice. The people
giving the advice have targets to achieve and often they are paid a commission.

The problem is that many people believe they are getting impartial advice when
they go into a bank. However nobody will get impartial advice when they will get
sold' products which are needed to hit targets.

Financial advisers are often skilled at creating empathy and building up trust.
The important thing people must understand that many people working in banks are
sales people.

HSBC should make people very wary about getting advice from any bank. Their job
is to sell products and if they did not achieve it they would soon be out of a
job.

Harry Singleton,

Ashton under Lyne

Blocks ahead

JUSTwhen you thought it was safe to step outside the door again, lurking around
the corner is Congestion Charge Two'!

Not pay as you go this time, but, but block the road as you go. The council's
plan is to block Oxford Road, Princess Street and Portland street to cars.

What would stop them in future extending this into Rusholme to Princess Road,
Stockport Road, Wilmslow Road, etc?

Transport for Manchester suggests that this will improve the area, making it
easier for students to get to university for instance.

What about the small traders, self-employed tradesmen or people in the
restaurant trade who are already finding times hard? Putting obstacles in their
way is only going to make life harder.

Why have our local ward councillors gone quiet on this issue? The MENand the
public saw off the congestion charge and only recently the MENcampaign
successfully got lollipop patrols reinstated. Now there is a new battle looming
against this damaging proposition.

Rusholme Small Traders and Residents Against Road Blocks

Staff deserve rise

IFEEL passionately enraged by the article regarding Chief Nurse Mandy Bailey's
enormous pay rise as a reward for reducing the number of infections of MRSA and
C-diff in Wythenshawe Hospital.

Ihope that the public realise that the talented teams of staff do the real work
to achieve this. Yet they have not received any pay rise in the last two years,
and have to put up with long hours. Also, spare a thought for those who will be
away from their families and not receiving appropriate pay in return over the
festive period. Where is the honesty, fairness and justice in that?

Miss VJ Long, Northern Moor

Records shocker

IAMsurprised to hear that our NHSdata records could be released to private
healthcare companies and organisations for a possible access fee. If Mr Cameron
gets the go-ahead on these proposals, it will be one step closer to
privatisation of the NHS.

Norton Gamble,

Cheadle Hulme

Happy to drive

I WONDER if Janet Cuff (Postbag, December 12) realises just how pompous she
sounds.

I can only assume Ms Cuff doesn't drive; good for her. I wonder if she has asked
young people how they feel about the environment; I've found young people are
very aware of the needs of the planet.

Finally why especially boys want to learn to drive'; in this day and age girls
are just as keen and able. I passed my driving test when I was an 18 year old
girl, over 40 years ago, and I would recommend it to anyone, male or female.
Please let's be reasonable in our viewpoints.

Happy driver, Manchester   METROWatcher (Postbag, December 8) rightly states
that the Manchester Ship Canal was constructed more speedily than Metrolink. The
relatively short Eccles extension took four years, after all. And it is all down
to the numbers of workers involved and the graft they put in back in those days.
Back 110 years ago, Salford Corporation equipped every main road in the city
with a double-track tramway, including 47 crossovers (Manchester city centre has
three). There was a total of 75 route miles of track. This trackwork was carried
out by massive gangs of navvies, using hard graft and primitive equipment.
Between 1901 and 1904 (the same time taken to construct the modern Eccles line
on Metrolink), the entire city tramway was installed into every main road, and
in all-day use by 29 different tram services. Most of this tram track today lies
dormant beneath a modern-day road surface. Alex King, Salford   â
CONSIDERINGthe poverty and hardship that exist throughout the world, the
reaction to the demise of Manchester's two football clubs exiting the Champions
League was pathetic. It was just a tale of two football matches and the old
adage some you win, some you lose' was never more apt. Why can't more people see
that? FBorn, Manchester â   AFEW weeks' ago, Mr Fenton of Hazel Grove wrote to
Postbag praising the treatment received by his wife on ward E2 at Stepping Hill
hospital. It heartened me to read this as Iam a very proud grandmother of one of
the staff there. Thank you, the long hours and dedication are rewarded by
comments like this. BK, Hazel Grove â   I READ Sir Alan Sugar's recent comments
about buying British. I think that items should be encouraged to be labelled as
UK built / manufactured and also UK parts / contents. I am sure many people
would support such a scheme and would prefer to buy British, even if it was a
bit more expensive. With the world being as it is at the moment, I would like us
to be thinking more about building a future for our families. I am really
pleased that Sir Alan has expressed his feelings about this, well done. John
Baugh, Stockport â   WE are delighted that hundreds of people have given their
views about what services they think The Christie should be offering in the
future as part of our 20:20 Vision engagement exercise. Many have been touched
by the great work of our staff either because they have had cancer, or because
they have supported a family member or friend. It's really important that we get
our future vision right, so we'd like to hear from as many people as possible. I
would like to invite people who have not yet had their say to get involved. Your
feedback will ensure we get it right. To take part, please log onto our website
christie.nhs.uk, or contact us on email 2020vision@christie.nhs.uk by 31 March
2012. Caroline Shaw, chief executive, The Christie NHS Foundation Trust

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WRONGMOVEOur lead letter writer today believes that Britain should
remain close to the rest of Europe, instead of following the path of Prime
Minister David Cameron and moving away

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              857 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                          December 14, 2011 Wednesday

Salford's tram track was a real building feat ; Europe's still our future

BYLINE: Graeme McGilliard

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 1379 words


I'M English born and bred, but consider myself to be European.

Ivoted in a referendum in 1975 to stay in Europe and for a full federal European
state.

I wanted this to help counteract the influence of the USA on the rest of the
world.

Ifelt far-sighted enough to realise this was how Europe should develop its
strength.

However, the Tories have tried to belittle and destroy such a union at every
opportunity.

Margaret Thatcher was besotted byAmerica and that other Tory in all but name,
Tony Blair, led us into war alongside the USA.

Now David Cameron is the latest leader backing away from Europe.

We always read about how much Europe costs us, but nobody dares reveal the full
cost of our two American wars. Both are futile and my taxes are contributing to
the deaths of many soldiers.

Afederal Europe is still the only way forward. In a few years' time, America
will be broke especially if it attacks Iran and opens up a new conflict.

That's why we should be INEurope, not doing our best to leave it.

JTBrown, Bramhall

Excessive actions

LORD Turner popped up on the radio on Monday, defending the FSA's failure to act
in the case of RBS's catastrophic purchase of ABN-Amro on the grounds that no
illegal action could be proved in court.

Does he believe that all the media investigations into this matter contain no
truth? There have been statements which show that Sir Fred Goodwinwas an
autocratic boss who pressed ahead without due diligence, happy to take ABN's
assertion of worth at its face value. I agree with 'Realist' (Postbag, December
12), your previous correspondent on this subject, that David Cameron's veto of
the EU's move to restrict the excesses of such as the like of Sir Fred amounts
to supporting the banks against us, the tax-paying public. If there were an
opposition worthy of the name, I'd vote for it but there isn't. New Labour
agrees with Cameron on this.

El Residente, Manchester

Banks need sales

THE banks have rightly been derided for their part in the financial demise of
our country, but there are still ominous facts about them

The  £10.5m fine on the bank HSBC for mis-selling policies should give a
salutary warning to all people going to a bank for financial advice. The people
giving the advice have targets to achieve and often they are paid a commission.

The problem is that many people believe they are getting impartial advice when
they go into a bank. However nobody will get impartial advice when they will get
sold' products which are needed to hit targets.

Financial advisers are often skilled at creating empathy and building up trust.
The important thing people must understand that many people working in banks are
sales people.

HSBC should make people very wary about getting advice from any bank. Their job
is to sell products and if they did not achieve it they would soon be out of a
job.

Harry Singleton,

Ashton under Lyne

Blocks ahead

JUSTwhen you thought it was safe to step outside the door again, lurking around
the corner is Congestion Charge Two'!

Not pay as you go this time, but, but block the road as you go. The council's
plan is to block Oxford Road, Princess Street and Portland street to cars.

What would stop them in future extending this into Rusholme to Princess Road,
Stockport Road, Wilmslow Road, etc?

Transport for Manchester suggests that this will improve the area, making it
easier for students to get to university for instance.

What about the small traders, self-employed tradesmen or people in the
restaurant trade who are already finding times hard? Putting obstacles in their
way is only going to make life harder.

Why have our local ward councillors gone quiet on this issue? The MENand the
public saw off the congestion charge and only recently the MENcampaign
successfully got lollipop patrols reinstated. Now there is a new battle looming
against this damaging proposition.

Rusholme Small Traders and Residents Against Road Blocks

Staff deserve rise

IFEEL passionately enraged by the article regarding Chief Nurse Mandy Bailey's
enormous pay rise as a reward for reducing the number of infections of MRSA and
C-diff in Wythenshawe Hospital.

Ihope that the public realise that the talented teams of staff do the real work
to achieve this. Yet they have not received any pay rise in the last two years,
and have to put up with long hours. Also, spare a thought for those who will be
away from their families and not receiving appropriate pay in return over the
festive period. Where is the honesty, fairness and justice in that?

Miss VJ Long, Northern Moor

Records shocker

IAMsurprised to hear that our NHSdata records could be released to private
healthcare companies and organisations for a possible access fee. If Mr Cameron
gets the go-ahead on these proposals, it will be one step closer to
privatisation of the NHS.

Norton Gamble,

Cheadle Hulme

Happy to drive

I WONDER if Janet Cuff (Postbag, December 12) realises just how pompous she
sounds.

I can only assume Ms Cuff doesn't drive; good for her. I wonder if she has asked
young people how they feel about the environment; I've found young people are
very aware of the needs of the planet.

Finally why especially boys want to learn to drive'; in this day and age girls
are just as keen and able. I passed my driving test when I was an 18 year old
girl, over 40 years ago, and I would recommend it to anyone, male or female.
Please let's be reasonable in our viewpoints.

Happy driver, Manchester   METROWatcher (Postbag, December 8) rightly states
that the Manchester Ship Canal was constructed more speedily than Metrolink. The
relatively short Eccles extension took four years, after all. And it is all down
to the numbers of workers involved and the graft they put in back in those days.
Back 110 years ago, Salford Corporation equipped every main road in the city
with a double-track tramway, including 47 crossovers (Manchester city centre has
three). There was a total of 75 route miles of track. This trackwork was carried
out by massive gangs of navvies, using hard graft and primitive equipment.
Between 1901 and 1904 (the same time taken to construct the modern Eccles line
on Metrolink), the entire city tramway was installed into every main road, and
in all-day use by 29 different tram services. Most of this tram track today lies
dormant beneath a modern-day road surface. Alex King, Salford   â
CONSIDERINGthe poverty and hardship that exist throughout the world, the
reaction to the demise of Manchester's two football clubs exiting the Champions
League was pathetic. It was just a tale of two football matches and the old
adage some you win, some you lose' was never more apt. Why can't more people see
that? FBorn, Manchester â   AFEW weeks' ago, Mr Fenton of Hazel Grove wrote to
Postbag praising the treatment received by his wife on ward E2 at Stepping Hill
hospital. It heartened me to read this as Iam a very proud grandmother of one of
the staff there. Thank you, the long hours and dedication are rewarded by
comments like this. BK, Hazel Grove â   I READ Sir Alan Sugar's recent comments
about buying British. I think that items should be encouraged to be labelled as
UK built / manufactured and also UK parts / contents. I am sure many people
would support such a scheme and would prefer to buy British, even if it was a
bit more expensive. With the world being as it is at the moment, I would like us
to be thinking more about building a future for our families. I am really
pleased that Sir Alan has expressed his feelings about this, well done. John
Baugh, Stockport â   WE are delighted that hundreds of people have given their
views about what services they think The Christie should be offering in the
future as part of our 20:20 Vision engagement exercise. Many have been touched
by the great work of our staff either because they have had cancer, or because
they have supported a family member or friend. It's really important that we get
our future vision right, so we'd like to hear from as many people as possible. I
would like to invite people who have not yet had their say to get involved. Your
feedback will ensure we get it right. To take part, please log onto our website
christie.nhs.uk, or contact us on email 2020vision@christie.nhs.uk by 31 March
2012. Caroline Shaw, chief executive, The Christie NHS Foundation Trust

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WRONGMOVEOur lead letter writer today believes that Britain should
remain close to the rest of Europe, instead of following the path of Prime
Minister David Cameron and moving away

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              858 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                          December 14, 2011 Wednesday

Salford's tram track was a real building feat ; Europe's still our future

BYLINE: Graeme McGilliard

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 1379 words


I'M English born and bred, but consider myself to be European.

Ivoted in a referendum in 1975 to stay in Europe and for a full federal European
state.

I wanted this to help counteract the influence of the USA on the rest of the
world.

Ifelt far-sighted enough to realise this was how Europe should develop its
strength.

However, the Tories have tried to belittle and destroy such a union at every
opportunity.

Margaret Thatcher was besotted byAmerica and that other Tory in all but name,
Tony Blair, led us into war alongside the USA.

Now David Cameron is the latest leader backing away from Europe.

We always read about how much Europe costs us, but nobody dares reveal the full
cost of our two American wars. Both are futile and my taxes are contributing to
the deaths of many soldiers.

Afederal Europe is still the only way forward. In a few years' time, America
will be broke especially if it attacks Iran and opens up a new conflict.

That's why we should be INEurope, not doing our best to leave it.

JTBrown, Bramhall

Excessive actions

LORD Turner popped up on the radio on Monday, defending the FSA's failure to act
in the case of RBS's catastrophic purchase of ABN-Amro on the grounds that no
illegal action could be proved in court.

Does he believe that all the media investigations into this matter contain no
truth? There have been statements which show that Sir Fred Goodwinwas an
autocratic boss who pressed ahead without due diligence, happy to take ABN's
assertion of worth at its face value. I agree with 'Realist' (Postbag, December
12), your previous correspondent on this subject, that David Cameron's veto of
the EU's move to restrict the excesses of such as the like of Sir Fred amounts
to supporting the banks against us, the tax-paying public. If there were an
opposition worthy of the name, I'd vote for it but there isn't. New Labour
agrees with Cameron on this.

El Residente, Manchester

Banks need sales

THE banks have rightly been derided for their part in the financial demise of
our country, but there are still ominous facts about them

The  £10.5m fine on the bank HSBC for mis-selling policies should give a
salutary warning to all people going to a bank for financial advice. The people
giving the advice have targets to achieve and often they are paid a commission.

The problem is that many people believe they are getting impartial advice when
they go into a bank. However nobody will get impartial advice when they will get
sold' products which are needed to hit targets.

Financial advisers are often skilled at creating empathy and building up trust.
The important thing people must understand that many people working in banks are
sales people.

HSBC should make people very wary about getting advice from any bank. Their job
is to sell products and if they did not achieve it they would soon be out of a
job.

Harry Singleton,

Ashton under Lyne

Blocks ahead

JUSTwhen you thought it was safe to step outside the door again, lurking around
the corner is Congestion Charge Two'!

Not pay as you go this time, but, but block the road as you go. The council's
plan is to block Oxford Road, Princess Street and Portland street to cars.

What would stop them in future extending this into Rusholme to Princess Road,
Stockport Road, Wilmslow Road, etc?

Transport for Manchester suggests that this will improve the area, making it
easier for students to get to university for instance.

What about the small traders, self-employed tradesmen or people in the
restaurant trade who are already finding times hard? Putting obstacles in their
way is only going to make life harder.

Why have our local ward councillors gone quiet on this issue? The MENand the
public saw off the congestion charge and only recently the MENcampaign
successfully got lollipop patrols reinstated. Now there is a new battle looming
against this damaging proposition.

Rusholme Small Traders and Residents Against Road Blocks

Staff deserve rise

IFEEL passionately enraged by the article regarding Chief Nurse Mandy Bailey's
enormous pay rise as a reward for reducing the number of infections of MRSA and
C-diff in Wythenshawe Hospital.

Ihope that the public realise that the talented teams of staff do the real work
to achieve this. Yet they have not received any pay rise in the last two years,
and have to put up with long hours. Also, spare a thought for those who will be
away from their families and not receiving appropriate pay in return over the
festive period. Where is the honesty, fairness and justice in that?

Miss VJ Long, Northern Moor

Records shocker

IAMsurprised to hear that our NHSdata records could be released to private
healthcare companies and organisations for a possible access fee. If Mr Cameron
gets the go-ahead on these proposals, it will be one step closer to
privatisation of the NHS.

Norton Gamble,

Cheadle Hulme

Happy to drive

I WONDER if Janet Cuff (Postbag, December 12) realises just how pompous she
sounds.

I can only assume Ms Cuff doesn't drive; good for her. I wonder if she has asked
young people how they feel about the environment; I've found young people are
very aware of the needs of the planet.

Finally why especially boys want to learn to drive'; in this day and age girls
are just as keen and able. I passed my driving test when I was an 18 year old
girl, over 40 years ago, and I would recommend it to anyone, male or female.
Please let's be reasonable in our viewpoints.

Happy driver, Manchester   METROWatcher (Postbag, December 8) rightly states
that the Manchester Ship Canal was constructed more speedily than Metrolink. The
relatively short Eccles extension took four years, after all. And it is all down
to the numbers of workers involved and the graft they put in back in those days.
Back 110 years ago, Salford Corporation equipped every main road in the city
with a double-track tramway, including 47 crossovers (Manchester city centre has
three). There was a total of 75 route miles of track. This trackwork was carried
out by massive gangs of navvies, using hard graft and primitive equipment.
Between 1901 and 1904 (the same time taken to construct the modern Eccles line
on Metrolink), the entire city tramway was installed into every main road, and
in all-day use by 29 different tram services. Most of this tram track today lies
dormant beneath a modern-day road surface. Alex King, Salford   â
CONSIDERINGthe poverty and hardship that exist throughout the world, the
reaction to the demise of Manchester's two football clubs exiting the Champions
League was pathetic. It was just a tale of two football matches and the old
adage some you win, some you lose' was never more apt. Why can't more people see
that? FBorn, Manchester â   AFEW weeks' ago, Mr Fenton of Hazel Grove wrote to
Postbag praising the treatment received by his wife on ward E2 at Stepping Hill
hospital. It heartened me to read this as Iam a very proud grandmother of one of
the staff there. Thank you, the long hours and dedication are rewarded by
comments like this. BK, Hazel Grove â   I READ Sir Alan Sugar's recent comments
about buying British. I think that items should be encouraged to be labelled as
UK built / manufactured and also UK parts / contents. I am sure many people
would support such a scheme and would prefer to buy British, even if it was a
bit more expensive. With the world being as it is at the moment, I would like us
to be thinking more about building a future for our families. I am really
pleased that Sir Alan has expressed his feelings about this, well done. John
Baugh, Stockport â   WE are delighted that hundreds of people have given their
views about what services they think The Christie should be offering in the
future as part of our 20:20 Vision engagement exercise. Many have been touched
by the great work of our staff either because they have had cancer, or because
they have supported a family member or friend. It's really important that we get
our future vision right, so we'd like to hear from as many people as possible. I
would like to invite people who have not yet had their say to get involved. Your
feedback will ensure we get it right. To take part, please log onto our website
christie.nhs.uk, or contact us on email 2020vision@christie.nhs.uk by 31 March
2012. Caroline Shaw, chief executive, The Christie NHS Foundation Trust

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WRONGMOVEOur lead letter writer today believes that Britain should
remain close to the rest of Europe, instead of following the path of Prime
Minister David Cameron and moving away

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              859 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                          December 14, 2011 Wednesday

Salford's tram track was a real building feat ; Europe's still our future

BYLINE: Graeme McGilliard

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 1379 words


I'M English born and bred, but consider myself to be European.

Ivoted in a referendum in 1975 to stay in Europe and for a full federal European
state.

I wanted this to help counteract the influence of the USA on the rest of the
world.

Ifelt far-sighted enough to realise this was how Europe should develop its
strength.

However, the Tories have tried to belittle and destroy such a union at every
opportunity.

Margaret Thatcher was besotted byAmerica and that other Tory in all but name,
Tony Blair, led us into war alongside the USA.

Now David Cameron is the latest leader backing away from Europe.

We always read about how much Europe costs us, but nobody dares reveal the full
cost of our two American wars. Both are futile and my taxes are contributing to
the deaths of many soldiers.

Afederal Europe is still the only way forward. In a few years' time, America
will be broke especially if it attacks Iran and opens up a new conflict.

That's why we should be INEurope, not doing our best to leave it.

JTBrown, Bramhall

Excessive actions

LORD Turner popped up on the radio on Monday, defending the FSA's failure to act
in the case of RBS's catastrophic purchase of ABN-Amro on the grounds that no
illegal action could be proved in court.

Does he believe that all the media investigations into this matter contain no
truth? There have been statements which show that Sir Fred Goodwinwas an
autocratic boss who pressed ahead without due diligence, happy to take ABN's
assertion of worth at its face value. I agree with 'Realist' (Postbag, December
12), your previous correspondent on this subject, that David Cameron's veto of
the EU's move to restrict the excesses of such as the like of Sir Fred amounts
to supporting the banks against us, the tax-paying public. If there were an
opposition worthy of the name, I'd vote for it but there isn't. New Labour
agrees with Cameron on this.

El Residente, Manchester

Banks need sales

THE banks have rightly been derided for their part in the financial demise of
our country, but there are still ominous facts about them

The  £10.5m fine on the bank HSBC for mis-selling policies should give a
salutary warning to all people going to a bank for financial advice. The people
giving the advice have targets to achieve and often they are paid a commission.

The problem is that many people believe they are getting impartial advice when
they go into a bank. However nobody will get impartial advice when they will get
sold' products which are needed to hit targets.

Financial advisers are often skilled at creating empathy and building up trust.
The important thing people must understand that many people working in banks are
sales people.

HSBC should make people very wary about getting advice from any bank. Their job
is to sell products and if they did not achieve it they would soon be out of a
job.

Harry Singleton,

Ashton under Lyne

Blocks ahead

JUSTwhen you thought it was safe to step outside the door again, lurking around
the corner is Congestion Charge Two'!

Not pay as you go this time, but, but block the road as you go. The council's
plan is to block Oxford Road, Princess Street and Portland street to cars.

What would stop them in future extending this into Rusholme to Princess Road,
Stockport Road, Wilmslow Road, etc?

Transport for Manchester suggests that this will improve the area, making it
easier for students to get to university for instance.

What about the small traders, self-employed tradesmen or people in the
restaurant trade who are already finding times hard? Putting obstacles in their
way is only going to make life harder.

Why have our local ward councillors gone quiet on this issue? The MENand the
public saw off the congestion charge and only recently the MENcampaign
successfully got lollipop patrols reinstated. Now there is a new battle looming
against this damaging proposition.

Rusholme Small Traders and Residents Against Road Blocks

Staff deserve rise

IFEEL passionately enraged by the article regarding Chief Nurse Mandy Bailey's
enormous pay rise as a reward for reducing the number of infections of MRSA and
C-diff in Wythenshawe Hospital.

Ihope that the public realise that the talented teams of staff do the real work
to achieve this. Yet they have not received any pay rise in the last two years,
and have to put up with long hours. Also, spare a thought for those who will be
away from their families and not receiving appropriate pay in return over the
festive period. Where is the honesty, fairness and justice in that?

Miss VJ Long, Northern Moor

Records shocker

IAMsurprised to hear that our NHSdata records could be released to private
healthcare companies and organisations for a possible access fee. If Mr Cameron
gets the go-ahead on these proposals, it will be one step closer to
privatisation of the NHS.

Norton Gamble,

Cheadle Hulme

Happy to drive

I WONDER if Janet Cuff (Postbag, December 12) realises just how pompous she
sounds.

I can only assume Ms Cuff doesn't drive; good for her. I wonder if she has asked
young people how they feel about the environment; I've found young people are
very aware of the needs of the planet.

Finally why especially boys want to learn to drive'; in this day and age girls
are just as keen and able. I passed my driving test when I was an 18 year old
girl, over 40 years ago, and I would recommend it to anyone, male or female.
Please let's be reasonable in our viewpoints.

Happy driver, Manchester   METROWatcher (Postbag, December 8) rightly states
that the Manchester Ship Canal was constructed more speedily than Metrolink. The
relatively short Eccles extension took four years, after all. And it is all down
to the numbers of workers involved and the graft they put in back in those days.
Back 110 years ago, Salford Corporation equipped every main road in the city
with a double-track tramway, including 47 crossovers (Manchester city centre has
three). There was a total of 75 route miles of track. This trackwork was carried
out by massive gangs of navvies, using hard graft and primitive equipment.
Between 1901 and 1904 (the same time taken to construct the modern Eccles line
on Metrolink), the entire city tramway was installed into every main road, and
in all-day use by 29 different tram services. Most of this tram track today lies
dormant beneath a modern-day road surface. Alex King, Salford   â
CONSIDERINGthe poverty and hardship that exist throughout the world, the
reaction to the demise of Manchester's two football clubs exiting the Champions
League was pathetic. It was just a tale of two football matches and the old
adage some you win, some you lose' was never more apt. Why can't more people see
that? FBorn, Manchester â   AFEW weeks' ago, Mr Fenton of Hazel Grove wrote to
Postbag praising the treatment received by his wife on ward E2 at Stepping Hill
hospital. It heartened me to read this as Iam a very proud grandmother of one of
the staff there. Thank you, the long hours and dedication are rewarded by
comments like this. BK, Hazel Grove â   I READ Sir Alan Sugar's recent comments
about buying British. I think that items should be encouraged to be labelled as
UK built / manufactured and also UK parts / contents. I am sure many people
would support such a scheme and would prefer to buy British, even if it was a
bit more expensive. With the world being as it is at the moment, I would like us
to be thinking more about building a future for our families. I am really
pleased that Sir Alan has expressed his feelings about this, well done. John
Baugh, Stockport â   WE are delighted that hundreds of people have given their
views about what services they think The Christie should be offering in the
future as part of our 20:20 Vision engagement exercise. Many have been touched
by the great work of our staff either because they have had cancer, or because
they have supported a family member or friend. It's really important that we get
our future vision right, so we'd like to hear from as many people as possible. I
would like to invite people who have not yet had their say to get involved. Your
feedback will ensure we get it right. To take part, please log onto our website
christie.nhs.uk, or contact us on email 2020vision@christie.nhs.uk by 31 March
2012. Caroline Shaw, chief executive, The Christie NHS Foundation Trust

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WRONGMOVEOur lead letter writer today believes that Britain should
remain close to the rest of Europe, instead of following the path of Prime
Minister David Cameron and moving away

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              860 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                          December 14, 2011 Wednesday

Salford's tram track was a real building feat ; Europe's still our future

BYLINE: Graeme McGilliard

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 1379 words


I'M English born and bred, but consider myself to be European.

Ivoted in a referendum in 1975 to stay in Europe and for a full federal European
state.

I wanted this to help counteract the influence of the USA on the rest of the
world.

Ifelt far-sighted enough to realise this was how Europe should develop its
strength.

However, the Tories have tried to belittle and destroy such a union at every
opportunity.

Margaret Thatcher was besotted byAmerica and that other Tory in all but name,
Tony Blair, led us into war alongside the USA.

Now David Cameron is the latest leader backing away from Europe.

We always read about how much Europe costs us, but nobody dares reveal the full
cost of our two American wars. Both are futile and my taxes are contributing to
the deaths of many soldiers.

Afederal Europe is still the only way forward. In a few years' time, America
will be broke especially if it attacks Iran and opens up a new conflict.

That's why we should be INEurope, not doing our best to leave it.

JTBrown, Bramhall

Excessive actions

LORD Turner popped up on the radio on Monday, defending the FSA's failure to act
in the case of RBS's catastrophic purchase of ABN-Amro on the grounds that no
illegal action could be proved in court.

Does he believe that all the media investigations into this matter contain no
truth? There have been statements which show that Sir Fred Goodwinwas an
autocratic boss who pressed ahead without due diligence, happy to take ABN's
assertion of worth at its face value. I agree with 'Realist' (Postbag, December
12), your previous correspondent on this subject, that David Cameron's veto of
the EU's move to restrict the excesses of such as the like of Sir Fred amounts
to supporting the banks against us, the tax-paying public. If there were an
opposition worthy of the name, I'd vote for it but there isn't. New Labour
agrees with Cameron on this.

El Residente, Manchester

Banks need sales

THE banks have rightly been derided for their part in the financial demise of
our country, but there are still ominous facts about them

The  £10.5m fine on the bank HSBC for mis-selling policies should give a
salutary warning to all people going to a bank for financial advice. The people
giving the advice have targets to achieve and often they are paid a commission.

The problem is that many people believe they are getting impartial advice when
they go into a bank. However nobody will get impartial advice when they will get
sold' products which are needed to hit targets.

Financial advisers are often skilled at creating empathy and building up trust.
The important thing people must understand that many people working in banks are
sales people.

HSBC should make people very wary about getting advice from any bank. Their job
is to sell products and if they did not achieve it they would soon be out of a
job.

Harry Singleton,

Ashton under Lyne

Blocks ahead

JUSTwhen you thought it was safe to step outside the door again, lurking around
the corner is Congestion Charge Two'!

Not pay as you go this time, but, but block the road as you go. The council's
plan is to block Oxford Road, Princess Street and Portland street to cars.

What would stop them in future extending this into Rusholme to Princess Road,
Stockport Road, Wilmslow Road, etc?

Transport for Manchester suggests that this will improve the area, making it
easier for students to get to university for instance.

What about the small traders, self-employed tradesmen or people in the
restaurant trade who are already finding times hard? Putting obstacles in their
way is only going to make life harder.

Why have our local ward councillors gone quiet on this issue? The MENand the
public saw off the congestion charge and only recently the MENcampaign
successfully got lollipop patrols reinstated. Now there is a new battle looming
against this damaging proposition.

Rusholme Small Traders and Residents Against Road Blocks

Staff deserve rise

IFEEL passionately enraged by the article regarding Chief Nurse Mandy Bailey's
enormous pay rise as a reward for reducing the number of infections of MRSA and
C-diff in Wythenshawe Hospital.

Ihope that the public realise that the talented teams of staff do the real work
to achieve this. Yet they have not received any pay rise in the last two years,
and have to put up with long hours. Also, spare a thought for those who will be
away from their families and not receiving appropriate pay in return over the
festive period. Where is the honesty, fairness and justice in that?

Miss VJ Long, Northern Moor

Records shocker

IAMsurprised to hear that our NHSdata records could be released to private
healthcare companies and organisations for a possible access fee. If Mr Cameron
gets the go-ahead on these proposals, it will be one step closer to
privatisation of the NHS.

Norton Gamble,

Cheadle Hulme

Happy to drive

I WONDER if Janet Cuff (Postbag, December 12) realises just how pompous she
sounds.

I can only assume Ms Cuff doesn't drive; good for her. I wonder if she has asked
young people how they feel about the environment; I've found young people are
very aware of the needs of the planet.

Finally why especially boys want to learn to drive'; in this day and age girls
are just as keen and able. I passed my driving test when I was an 18 year old
girl, over 40 years ago, and I would recommend it to anyone, male or female.
Please let's be reasonable in our viewpoints.

Happy driver, Manchester   METROWatcher (Postbag, December 8) rightly states
that the Manchester Ship Canal was constructed more speedily than Metrolink. The
relatively short Eccles extension took four years, after all. And it is all down
to the numbers of workers involved and the graft they put in back in those days.
Back 110 years ago, Salford Corporation equipped every main road in the city
with a double-track tramway, including 47 crossovers (Manchester city centre has
three). There was a total of 75 route miles of track. This trackwork was carried
out by massive gangs of navvies, using hard graft and primitive equipment.
Between 1901 and 1904 (the same time taken to construct the modern Eccles line
on Metrolink), the entire city tramway was installed into every main road, and
in all-day use by 29 different tram services. Most of this tram track today lies
dormant beneath a modern-day road surface. Alex King, Salford   â
CONSIDERINGthe poverty and hardship that exist throughout the world, the
reaction to the demise of Manchester's two football clubs exiting the Champions
League was pathetic. It was just a tale of two football matches and the old
adage some you win, some you lose' was never more apt. Why can't more people see
that? FBorn, Manchester â   AFEW weeks' ago, Mr Fenton of Hazel Grove wrote to
Postbag praising the treatment received by his wife on ward E2 at Stepping Hill
hospital. It heartened me to read this as Iam a very proud grandmother of one of
the staff there. Thank you, the long hours and dedication are rewarded by
comments like this. BK, Hazel Grove â   I READ Sir Alan Sugar's recent comments
about buying British. I think that items should be encouraged to be labelled as
UK built / manufactured and also UK parts / contents. I am sure many people
would support such a scheme and would prefer to buy British, even if it was a
bit more expensive. With the world being as it is at the moment, I would like us
to be thinking more about building a future for our families. I am really
pleased that Sir Alan has expressed his feelings about this, well done. John
Baugh, Stockport â   WE are delighted that hundreds of people have given their
views about what services they think The Christie should be offering in the
future as part of our 20:20 Vision engagement exercise. Many have been touched
by the great work of our staff either because they have had cancer, or because
they have supported a family member or friend. It's really important that we get
our future vision right, so we'd like to hear from as many people as possible. I
would like to invite people who have not yet had their say to get involved. Your
feedback will ensure we get it right. To take part, please log onto our website
christie.nhs.uk, or contact us on email 2020vision@christie.nhs.uk by 31 March
2012. Caroline Shaw, chief executive, The Christie NHS Foundation Trust

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WRONGMOVEOur lead letter writer today believes that Britain should
remain close to the rest of Europe, instead of following the path of Prime
Minister David Cameron and moving away

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              861 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                          December 14, 2011 Wednesday

Salford's tram track was a real building feat ; Europe's still our future

BYLINE: Graeme McGilliard

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 1379 words


I'M English born and bred, but consider myself to be European.

Ivoted in a referendum in 1975 to stay in Europe and for a full federal European
state.

I wanted this to help counteract the influence of the USA on the rest of the
world.

Ifelt far-sighted enough to realise this was how Europe should develop its
strength.

However, the Tories have tried to belittle and destroy such a union at every
opportunity.

Margaret Thatcher was besotted byAmerica and that other Tory in all but name,
Tony Blair, led us into war alongside the USA.

Now David Cameron is the latest leader backing away from Europe.

We always read about how much Europe costs us, but nobody dares reveal the full
cost of our two American wars. Both are futile and my taxes are contributing to
the deaths of many soldiers.

Afederal Europe is still the only way forward. In a few years' time, America
will be broke especially if it attacks Iran and opens up a new conflict.

That's why we should be INEurope, not doing our best to leave it.

JTBrown, Bramhall

Excessive actions

LORD Turner popped up on the radio on Monday, defending the FSA's failure to act
in the case of RBS's catastrophic purchase of ABN-Amro on the grounds that no
illegal action could be proved in court.

Does he believe that all the media investigations into this matter contain no
truth? There have been statements which show that Sir Fred Goodwinwas an
autocratic boss who pressed ahead without due diligence, happy to take ABN's
assertion of worth at its face value. I agree with 'Realist' (Postbag, December
12), your previous correspondent on this subject, that David Cameron's veto of
the EU's move to restrict the excesses of such as the like of Sir Fred amounts
to supporting the banks against us, the tax-paying public. If there were an
opposition worthy of the name, I'd vote for it but there isn't. New Labour
agrees with Cameron on this.

El Residente, Manchester

Banks need sales

THE banks have rightly been derided for their part in the financial demise of
our country, but there are still ominous facts about them

The  £10.5m fine on the bank HSBC for mis-selling policies should give a
salutary warning to all people going to a bank for financial advice. The people
giving the advice have targets to achieve and often they are paid a commission.

The problem is that many people believe they are getting impartial advice when
they go into a bank. However nobody will get impartial advice when they will get
sold' products which are needed to hit targets.

Financial advisers are often skilled at creating empathy and building up trust.
The important thing people must understand that many people working in banks are
sales people.

HSBC should make people very wary about getting advice from any bank. Their job
is to sell products and if they did not achieve it they would soon be out of a
job.

Harry Singleton,

Ashton under Lyne

Blocks ahead

JUSTwhen you thought it was safe to step outside the door again, lurking around
the corner is Congestion Charge Two'!

Not pay as you go this time, but, but block the road as you go. The council's
plan is to block Oxford Road, Princess Street and Portland street to cars.

What would stop them in future extending this into Rusholme to Princess Road,
Stockport Road, Wilmslow Road, etc?

Transport for Manchester suggests that this will improve the area, making it
easier for students to get to university for instance.

What about the small traders, self-employed tradesmen or people in the
restaurant trade who are already finding times hard? Putting obstacles in their
way is only going to make life harder.

Why have our local ward councillors gone quiet on this issue? The MENand the
public saw off the congestion charge and only recently the MENcampaign
successfully got lollipop patrols reinstated. Now there is a new battle looming
against this damaging proposition.

Rusholme Small Traders and Residents Against Road Blocks

Staff deserve rise

IFEEL passionately enraged by the article regarding Chief Nurse Mandy Bailey's
enormous pay rise as a reward for reducing the number of infections of MRSA and
C-diff in Wythenshawe Hospital.

Ihope that the public realise that the talented teams of staff do the real work
to achieve this. Yet they have not received any pay rise in the last two years,
and have to put up with long hours. Also, spare a thought for those who will be
away from their families and not receiving appropriate pay in return over the
festive period. Where is the honesty, fairness and justice in that?

Miss VJ Long, Northern Moor

Records shocker

IAMsurprised to hear that our NHSdata records could be released to private
healthcare companies and organisations for a possible access fee. If Mr Cameron
gets the go-ahead on these proposals, it will be one step closer to
privatisation of the NHS.

Norton Gamble,

Cheadle Hulme

Happy to drive

I WONDER if Janet Cuff (Postbag, December 12) realises just how pompous she
sounds.

I can only assume Ms Cuff doesn't drive; good for her. I wonder if she has asked
young people how they feel about the environment; I've found young people are
very aware of the needs of the planet.

Finally why especially boys want to learn to drive'; in this day and age girls
are just as keen and able. I passed my driving test when I was an 18 year old
girl, over 40 years ago, and I would recommend it to anyone, male or female.
Please let's be reasonable in our viewpoints.

Happy driver, Manchester   METROWatcher (Postbag, December 8) rightly states
that the Manchester Ship Canal was constructed more speedily than Metrolink. The
relatively short Eccles extension took four years, after all. And it is all down
to the numbers of workers involved and the graft they put in back in those days.
Back 110 years ago, Salford Corporation equipped every main road in the city
with a double-track tramway, including 47 crossovers (Manchester city centre has
three). There was a total of 75 route miles of track. This trackwork was carried
out by massive gangs of navvies, using hard graft and primitive equipment.
Between 1901 and 1904 (the same time taken to construct the modern Eccles line
on Metrolink), the entire city tramway was installed into every main road, and
in all-day use by 29 different tram services. Most of this tram track today lies
dormant beneath a modern-day road surface. Alex King, Salford   â
CONSIDERINGthe poverty and hardship that exist throughout the world, the
reaction to the demise of Manchester's two football clubs exiting the Champions
League was pathetic. It was just a tale of two football matches and the old
adage some you win, some you lose' was never more apt. Why can't more people see
that? FBorn, Manchester â   AFEW weeks' ago, Mr Fenton of Hazel Grove wrote to
Postbag praising the treatment received by his wife on ward E2 at Stepping Hill
hospital. It heartened me to read this as Iam a very proud grandmother of one of
the staff there. Thank you, the long hours and dedication are rewarded by
comments like this. BK, Hazel Grove â   I READ Sir Alan Sugar's recent comments
about buying British. I think that items should be encouraged to be labelled as
UK built / manufactured and also UK parts / contents. I am sure many people
would support such a scheme and would prefer to buy British, even if it was a
bit more expensive. With the world being as it is at the moment, I would like us
to be thinking more about building a future for our families. I am really
pleased that Sir Alan has expressed his feelings about this, well done. John
Baugh, Stockport â   WE are delighted that hundreds of people have given their
views about what services they think The Christie should be offering in the
future as part of our 20:20 Vision engagement exercise. Many have been touched
by the great work of our staff either because they have had cancer, or because
they have supported a family member or friend. It's really important that we get
our future vision right, so we'd like to hear from as many people as possible. I
would like to invite people who have not yet had their say to get involved. Your
feedback will ensure we get it right. To take part, please log onto our website
christie.nhs.uk, or contact us on email 2020vision@christie.nhs.uk by 31 March
2012. Caroline Shaw, chief executive, The Christie NHS Foundation Trust

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WRONGMOVEOur lead letter writer today believes that Britain should
remain close to the rest of Europe, instead of following the path of Prime
Minister David Cameron and moving away

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              862 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                          December 14, 2011 Wednesday

Salford's tram track was a real building feat ; Europe's still our future

BYLINE: Graeme McGilliard

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 1379 words


I'M English born and bred, but consider myself to be European.

Ivoted in a referendum in 1975 to stay in Europe and for a full federal European
state.

I wanted this to help counteract the influence of the USA on the rest of the
world.

Ifelt far-sighted enough to realise this was how Europe should develop its
strength.

However, the Tories have tried to belittle and destroy such a union at every
opportunity.

Margaret Thatcher was besotted byAmerica and that other Tory in all but name,
Tony Blair, led us into war alongside the USA.

Now David Cameron is the latest leader backing away from Europe.

We always read about how much Europe costs us, but nobody dares reveal the full
cost of our two American wars. Both are futile and my taxes are contributing to
the deaths of many soldiers.

Afederal Europe is still the only way forward. In a few years' time, America
will be broke especially if it attacks Iran and opens up a new conflict.

That's why we should be INEurope, not doing our best to leave it.

JTBrown, Bramhall

Excessive actions

LORD Turner popped up on the radio on Monday, defending the FSA's failure to act
in the case of RBS's catastrophic purchase of ABN-Amro on the grounds that no
illegal action could be proved in court.

Does he believe that all the media investigations into this matter contain no
truth? There have been statements which show that Sir Fred Goodwinwas an
autocratic boss who pressed ahead without due diligence, happy to take ABN's
assertion of worth at its face value. I agree with 'Realist' (Postbag, December
12), your previous correspondent on this subject, that David Cameron's veto of
the EU's move to restrict the excesses of such as the like of Sir Fred amounts
to supporting the banks against us, the tax-paying public. If there were an
opposition worthy of the name, I'd vote for it but there isn't. New Labour
agrees with Cameron on this.

El Residente, Manchester

Banks need sales

THE banks have rightly been derided for their part in the financial demise of
our country, but there are still ominous facts about them

The  £10.5m fine on the bank HSBC for mis-selling policies should give a
salutary warning to all people going to a bank for financial advice. The people
giving the advice have targets to achieve and often they are paid a commission.

The problem is that many people believe they are getting impartial advice when
they go into a bank. However nobody will get impartial advice when they will get
sold' products which are needed to hit targets.

Financial advisers are often skilled at creating empathy and building up trust.
The important thing people must understand that many people working in banks are
sales people.

HSBC should make people very wary about getting advice from any bank. Their job
is to sell products and if they did not achieve it they would soon be out of a
job.

Harry Singleton,

Ashton under Lyne

Blocks ahead

JUSTwhen you thought it was safe to step outside the door again, lurking around
the corner is Congestion Charge Two'!

Not pay as you go this time, but, but block the road as you go. The council's
plan is to block Oxford Road, Princess Street and Portland street to cars.

What would stop them in future extending this into Rusholme to Princess Road,
Stockport Road, Wilmslow Road, etc?

Transport for Manchester suggests that this will improve the area, making it
easier for students to get to university for instance.

What about the small traders, self-employed tradesmen or people in the
restaurant trade who are already finding times hard? Putting obstacles in their
way is only going to make life harder.

Why have our local ward councillors gone quiet on this issue? The MENand the
public saw off the congestion charge and only recently the MENcampaign
successfully got lollipop patrols reinstated. Now there is a new battle looming
against this damaging proposition.

Rusholme Small Traders and Residents Against Road Blocks

Staff deserve rise

IFEEL passionately enraged by the article regarding Chief Nurse Mandy Bailey's
enormous pay rise as a reward for reducing the number of infections of MRSA and
C-diff in Wythenshawe Hospital.

Ihope that the public realise that the talented teams of staff do the real work
to achieve this. Yet they have not received any pay rise in the last two years,
and have to put up with long hours. Also, spare a thought for those who will be
away from their families and not receiving appropriate pay in return over the
festive period. Where is the honesty, fairness and justice in that?

Miss VJ Long, Northern Moor

Records shocker

IAMsurprised to hear that our NHSdata records could be released to private
healthcare companies and organisations for a possible access fee. If Mr Cameron
gets the go-ahead on these proposals, it will be one step closer to
privatisation of the NHS.

Norton Gamble,

Cheadle Hulme

Happy to drive

I WONDER if Janet Cuff (Postbag, December 12) realises just how pompous she
sounds.

I can only assume Ms Cuff doesn't drive; good for her. I wonder if she has asked
young people how they feel about the environment; I've found young people are
very aware of the needs of the planet.

Finally why especially boys want to learn to drive'; in this day and age girls
are just as keen and able. I passed my driving test when I was an 18 year old
girl, over 40 years ago, and I would recommend it to anyone, male or female.
Please let's be reasonable in our viewpoints.

Happy driver, Manchester   METROWatcher (Postbag, December 8) rightly states
that the Manchester Ship Canal was constructed more speedily than Metrolink. The
relatively short Eccles extension took four years, after all. And it is all down
to the numbers of workers involved and the graft they put in back in those days.
Back 110 years ago, Salford Corporation equipped every main road in the city
with a double-track tramway, including 47 crossovers (Manchester city centre has
three). There was a total of 75 route miles of track. This trackwork was carried
out by massive gangs of navvies, using hard graft and primitive equipment.
Between 1901 and 1904 (the same time taken to construct the modern Eccles line
on Metrolink), the entire city tramway was installed into every main road, and
in all-day use by 29 different tram services. Most of this tram track today lies
dormant beneath a modern-day road surface. Alex King, Salford   â
CONSIDERINGthe poverty and hardship that exist throughout the world, the
reaction to the demise of Manchester's two football clubs exiting the Champions
League was pathetic. It was just a tale of two football matches and the old
adage some you win, some you lose' was never more apt. Why can't more people see
that? FBorn, Manchester â   AFEW weeks' ago, Mr Fenton of Hazel Grove wrote to
Postbag praising the treatment received by his wife on ward E2 at Stepping Hill
hospital. It heartened me to read this as Iam a very proud grandmother of one of
the staff there. Thank you, the long hours and dedication are rewarded by
comments like this. BK, Hazel Grove â   I READ Sir Alan Sugar's recent comments
about buying British. I think that items should be encouraged to be labelled as
UK built / manufactured and also UK parts / contents. I am sure many people
would support such a scheme and would prefer to buy British, even if it was a
bit more expensive. With the world being as it is at the moment, I would like us
to be thinking more about building a future for our families. I am really
pleased that Sir Alan has expressed his feelings about this, well done. John
Baugh, Stockport â   WE are delighted that hundreds of people have given their
views about what services they think The Christie should be offering in the
future as part of our 20:20 Vision engagement exercise. Many have been touched
by the great work of our staff either because they have had cancer, or because
they have supported a family member or friend. It's really important that we get
our future vision right, so we'd like to hear from as many people as possible. I
would like to invite people who have not yet had their say to get involved. Your
feedback will ensure we get it right. To take part, please log onto our website
christie.nhs.uk, or contact us on email 2020vision@christie.nhs.uk by 31 March
2012. Caroline Shaw, chief executive, The Christie NHS Foundation Trust

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WRONGMOVEOur lead letter writer today believes that Britain should
remain close to the rest of Europe, instead of following the path of Prime
Minister David Cameron and moving away

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              863 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                          December 14, 2011 Wednesday

Salford's tram track was a real building feat ; Europe's still our future

BYLINE: Graeme McGilliard

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 1379 words


I'M English born and bred, but consider myself to be European.

Ivoted in a referendum in 1975 to stay in Europe and for a full federal European
state.

I wanted this to help counteract the influence of the USA on the rest of the
world.

Ifelt far-sighted enough to realise this was how Europe should develop its
strength.

However, the Tories have tried to belittle and destroy such a union at every
opportunity.

Margaret Thatcher was besotted byAmerica and that other Tory in all but name,
Tony Blair, led us into war alongside the USA.

Now David Cameron is the latest leader backing away from Europe.

We always read about how much Europe costs us, but nobody dares reveal the full
cost of our two American wars. Both are futile and my taxes are contributing to
the deaths of many soldiers.

Afederal Europe is still the only way forward. In a few years' time, America
will be broke especially if it attacks Iran and opens up a new conflict.

That's why we should be INEurope, not doing our best to leave it.

JTBrown, Bramhall

Excessive actions

LORD Turner popped up on the radio on Monday, defending the FSA's failure to act
in the case of RBS's catastrophic purchase of ABN-Amro on the grounds that no
illegal action could be proved in court.

Does he believe that all the media investigations into this matter contain no
truth? There have been statements which show that Sir Fred Goodwinwas an
autocratic boss who pressed ahead without due diligence, happy to take ABN's
assertion of worth at its face value. I agree with 'Realist' (Postbag, December
12), your previous correspondent on this subject, that David Cameron's veto of
the EU's move to restrict the excesses of such as the like of Sir Fred amounts
to supporting the banks against us, the tax-paying public. If there were an
opposition worthy of the name, I'd vote for it but there isn't. New Labour
agrees with Cameron on this.

El Residente, Manchester

Banks need sales

THE banks have rightly been derided for their part in the financial demise of
our country, but there are still ominous facts about them

The  £10.5m fine on the bank HSBC for mis-selling policies should give a
salutary warning to all people going to a bank for financial advice. The people
giving the advice have targets to achieve and often they are paid a commission.

The problem is that many people believe they are getting impartial advice when
they go into a bank. However nobody will get impartial advice when they will get
sold' products which are needed to hit targets.

Financial advisers are often skilled at creating empathy and building up trust.
The important thing people must understand that many people working in banks are
sales people.

HSBC should make people very wary about getting advice from any bank. Their job
is to sell products and if they did not achieve it they would soon be out of a
job.

Harry Singleton,

Ashton under Lyne

Blocks ahead

JUSTwhen you thought it was safe to step outside the door again, lurking around
the corner is Congestion Charge Two'!

Not pay as you go this time, but, but block the road as you go. The council's
plan is to block Oxford Road, Princess Street and Portland street to cars.

What would stop them in future extending this into Rusholme to Princess Road,
Stockport Road, Wilmslow Road, etc?

Transport for Manchester suggests that this will improve the area, making it
easier for students to get to university for instance.

What about the small traders, self-employed tradesmen or people in the
restaurant trade who are already finding times hard? Putting obstacles in their
way is only going to make life harder.

Why have our local ward councillors gone quiet on this issue? The MENand the
public saw off the congestion charge and only recently the MENcampaign
successfully got lollipop patrols reinstated. Now there is a new battle looming
against this damaging proposition.

Rusholme Small Traders and Residents Against Road Blocks

Staff deserve rise

IFEEL passionately enraged by the article regarding Chief Nurse Mandy Bailey's
enormous pay rise as a reward for reducing the number of infections of MRSA and
C-diff in Wythenshawe Hospital.

Ihope that the public realise that the talented teams of staff do the real work
to achieve this. Yet they have not received any pay rise in the last two years,
and have to put up with long hours. Also, spare a thought for those who will be
away from their families and not receiving appropriate pay in return over the
festive period. Where is the honesty, fairness and justice in that?

Miss VJ Long, Northern Moor

Records shocker

IAMsurprised to hear that our NHSdata records could be released to private
healthcare companies and organisations for a possible access fee. If Mr Cameron
gets the go-ahead on these proposals, it will be one step closer to
privatisation of the NHS.

Norton Gamble,

Cheadle Hulme

Happy to drive

I WONDER if Janet Cuff (Postbag, December 12) realises just how pompous she
sounds.

I can only assume Ms Cuff doesn't drive; good for her. I wonder if she has asked
young people how they feel about the environment; I've found young people are
very aware of the needs of the planet.

Finally why especially boys want to learn to drive'; in this day and age girls
are just as keen and able. I passed my driving test when I was an 18 year old
girl, over 40 years ago, and I would recommend it to anyone, male or female.
Please let's be reasonable in our viewpoints.

Happy driver, Manchester   METROWatcher (Postbag, December 8) rightly states
that the Manchester Ship Canal was constructed more speedily than Metrolink. The
relatively short Eccles extension took four years, after all. And it is all down
to the numbers of workers involved and the graft they put in back in those days.
Back 110 years ago, Salford Corporation equipped every main road in the city
with a double-track tramway, including 47 crossovers (Manchester city centre has
three). There was a total of 75 route miles of track. This trackwork was carried
out by massive gangs of navvies, using hard graft and primitive equipment.
Between 1901 and 1904 (the same time taken to construct the modern Eccles line
on Metrolink), the entire city tramway was installed into every main road, and
in all-day use by 29 different tram services. Most of this tram track today lies
dormant beneath a modern-day road surface. Alex King, Salford   â
CONSIDERINGthe poverty and hardship that exist throughout the world, the
reaction to the demise of Manchester's two football clubs exiting the Champions
League was pathetic. It was just a tale of two football matches and the old
adage some you win, some you lose' was never more apt. Why can't more people see
that? FBorn, Manchester â   AFEW weeks' ago, Mr Fenton of Hazel Grove wrote to
Postbag praising the treatment received by his wife on ward E2 at Stepping Hill
hospital. It heartened me to read this as Iam a very proud grandmother of one of
the staff there. Thank you, the long hours and dedication are rewarded by
comments like this. BK, Hazel Grove â   I READ Sir Alan Sugar's recent comments
about buying British. I think that items should be encouraged to be labelled as
UK built / manufactured and also UK parts / contents. I am sure many people
would support such a scheme and would prefer to buy British, even if it was a
bit more expensive. With the world being as it is at the moment, I would like us
to be thinking more about building a future for our families. I am really
pleased that Sir Alan has expressed his feelings about this, well done. John
Baugh, Stockport â   WE are delighted that hundreds of people have given their
views about what services they think The Christie should be offering in the
future as part of our 20:20 Vision engagement exercise. Many have been touched
by the great work of our staff either because they have had cancer, or because
they have supported a family member or friend. It's really important that we get
our future vision right, so we'd like to hear from as many people as possible. I
would like to invite people who have not yet had their say to get involved. Your
feedback will ensure we get it right. To take part, please log onto our website
christie.nhs.uk, or contact us on email 2020vision@christie.nhs.uk by 31 March
2012. Caroline Shaw, chief executive, The Christie NHS Foundation Trust

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WRONGMOVEOur lead letter writer today believes that Britain should
remain close to the rest of Europe, instead of following the path of Prime
Minister David Cameron and moving away

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              864 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                          December 14, 2011 Wednesday

Salford's tram track was a real building feat ; Europe's still our future

BYLINE: Graeme McGilliard

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 1379 words


I'M English born and bred, but consider myself to be European.

Ivoted in a referendum in 1975 to stay in Europe and for a full federal European
state.

I wanted this to help counteract the influence of the USA on the rest of the
world.

Ifelt far-sighted enough to realise this was how Europe should develop its
strength.

However, the Tories have tried to belittle and destroy such a union at every
opportunity.

Margaret Thatcher was besotted byAmerica and that other Tory in all but name,
Tony Blair, led us into war alongside the USA.

Now David Cameron is the latest leader backing away from Europe.

We always read about how much Europe costs us, but nobody dares reveal the full
cost of our two American wars. Both are futile and my taxes are contributing to
the deaths of many soldiers.

Afederal Europe is still the only way forward. In a few years' time, America
will be broke especially if it attacks Iran and opens up a new conflict.

That's why we should be INEurope, not doing our best to leave it.

JTBrown, Bramhall

Excessive actions

LORD Turner popped up on the radio on Monday, defending the FSA's failure to act
in the case of RBS's catastrophic purchase of ABN-Amro on the grounds that no
illegal action could be proved in court.

Does he believe that all the media investigations into this matter contain no
truth? There have been statements which show that Sir Fred Goodwinwas an
autocratic boss who pressed ahead without due diligence, happy to take ABN's
assertion of worth at its face value. I agree with 'Realist' (Postbag, December
12), your previous correspondent on this subject, that David Cameron's veto of
the EU's move to restrict the excesses of such as the like of Sir Fred amounts
to supporting the banks against us, the tax-paying public. If there were an
opposition worthy of the name, I'd vote for it but there isn't. New Labour
agrees with Cameron on this.

El Residente, Manchester

Banks need sales

THE banks have rightly been derided for their part in the financial demise of
our country, but there are still ominous facts about them

The  £10.5m fine on the bank HSBC for mis-selling policies should give a
salutary warning to all people going to a bank for financial advice. The people
giving the advice have targets to achieve and often they are paid a commission.

The problem is that many people believe they are getting impartial advice when
they go into a bank. However nobody will get impartial advice when they will get
sold' products which are needed to hit targets.

Financial advisers are often skilled at creating empathy and building up trust.
The important thing people must understand that many people working in banks are
sales people.

HSBC should make people very wary about getting advice from any bank. Their job
is to sell products and if they did not achieve it they would soon be out of a
job.

Harry Singleton,

Ashton under Lyne

Blocks ahead

JUSTwhen you thought it was safe to step outside the door again, lurking around
the corner is Congestion Charge Two'!

Not pay as you go this time, but, but block the road as you go. The council's
plan is to block Oxford Road, Princess Street and Portland street to cars.

What would stop them in future extending this into Rusholme to Princess Road,
Stockport Road, Wilmslow Road, etc?

Transport for Manchester suggests that this will improve the area, making it
easier for students to get to university for instance.

What about the small traders, self-employed tradesmen or people in the
restaurant trade who are already finding times hard? Putting obstacles in their
way is only going to make life harder.

Why have our local ward councillors gone quiet on this issue? The MENand the
public saw off the congestion charge and only recently the MENcampaign
successfully got lollipop patrols reinstated. Now there is a new battle looming
against this damaging proposition.

Rusholme Small Traders and Residents Against Road Blocks

Staff deserve rise

IFEEL passionately enraged by the article regarding Chief Nurse Mandy Bailey's
enormous pay rise as a reward for reducing the number of infections of MRSA and
C-diff in Wythenshawe Hospital.

Ihope that the public realise that the talented teams of staff do the real work
to achieve this. Yet they have not received any pay rise in the last two years,
and have to put up with long hours. Also, spare a thought for those who will be
away from their families and not receiving appropriate pay in return over the
festive period. Where is the honesty, fairness and justice in that?

Miss VJ Long, Northern Moor

Records shocker

IAMsurprised to hear that our NHSdata records could be released to private
healthcare companies and organisations for a possible access fee. If Mr Cameron
gets the go-ahead on these proposals, it will be one step closer to
privatisation of the NHS.

Norton Gamble,

Cheadle Hulme

Happy to drive

I WONDER if Janet Cuff (Postbag, December 12) realises just how pompous she
sounds.

I can only assume Ms Cuff doesn't drive; good for her. I wonder if she has asked
young people how they feel about the environment; I've found young people are
very aware of the needs of the planet.

Finally why especially boys want to learn to drive'; in this day and age girls
are just as keen and able. I passed my driving test when I was an 18 year old
girl, over 40 years ago, and I would recommend it to anyone, male or female.
Please let's be reasonable in our viewpoints.

Happy driver, Manchester   METROWatcher (Postbag, December 8) rightly states
that the Manchester Ship Canal was constructed more speedily than Metrolink. The
relatively short Eccles extension took four years, after all. And it is all down
to the numbers of workers involved and the graft they put in back in those days.
Back 110 years ago, Salford Corporation equipped every main road in the city
with a double-track tramway, including 47 crossovers (Manchester city centre has
three). There was a total of 75 route miles of track. This trackwork was carried
out by massive gangs of navvies, using hard graft and primitive equipment.
Between 1901 and 1904 (the same time taken to construct the modern Eccles line
on Metrolink), the entire city tramway was installed into every main road, and
in all-day use by 29 different tram services. Most of this tram track today lies
dormant beneath a modern-day road surface. Alex King, Salford   â
CONSIDERINGthe poverty and hardship that exist throughout the world, the
reaction to the demise of Manchester's two football clubs exiting the Champions
League was pathetic. It was just a tale of two football matches and the old
adage some you win, some you lose' was never more apt. Why can't more people see
that? FBorn, Manchester â   AFEW weeks' ago, Mr Fenton of Hazel Grove wrote to
Postbag praising the treatment received by his wife on ward E2 at Stepping Hill
hospital. It heartened me to read this as Iam a very proud grandmother of one of
the staff there. Thank you, the long hours and dedication are rewarded by
comments like this. BK, Hazel Grove â   I READ Sir Alan Sugar's recent comments
about buying British. I think that items should be encouraged to be labelled as
UK built / manufactured and also UK parts / contents. I am sure many people
would support such a scheme and would prefer to buy British, even if it was a
bit more expensive. With the world being as it is at the moment, I would like us
to be thinking more about building a future for our families. I am really
pleased that Sir Alan has expressed his feelings about this, well done. John
Baugh, Stockport â   WE are delighted that hundreds of people have given their
views about what services they think The Christie should be offering in the
future as part of our 20:20 Vision engagement exercise. Many have been touched
by the great work of our staff either because they have had cancer, or because
they have supported a family member or friend. It's really important that we get
our future vision right, so we'd like to hear from as many people as possible. I
would like to invite people who have not yet had their say to get involved. Your
feedback will ensure we get it right. To take part, please log onto our website
christie.nhs.uk, or contact us on email 2020vision@christie.nhs.uk by 31 March
2012. Caroline Shaw, chief executive, The Christie NHS Foundation Trust

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WRONGMOVEOur lead letter writer today believes that Britain should
remain close to the rest of Europe, instead of following the path of Prime
Minister David Cameron and moving away

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              865 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                          December 14, 2011 Wednesday

Salford's tram track was a real building feat ; Europe's still our future

BYLINE: Graeme McGilliard

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 1379 words


I'M English born and bred, but consider myself to be European.

Ivoted in a referendum in 1975 to stay in Europe and for a full federal European
state.

I wanted this to help counteract the influence of the USA on the rest of the
world.

Ifelt far-sighted enough to realise this was how Europe should develop its
strength.

However, the Tories have tried to belittle and destroy such a union at every
opportunity.

Margaret Thatcher was besotted byAmerica and that other Tory in all but name,
Tony Blair, led us into war alongside the USA.

Now David Cameron is the latest leader backing away from Europe.

We always read about how much Europe costs us, but nobody dares reveal the full
cost of our two American wars. Both are futile and my taxes are contributing to
the deaths of many soldiers.

Afederal Europe is still the only way forward. In a few years' time, America
will be broke especially if it attacks Iran and opens up a new conflict.

That's why we should be INEurope, not doing our best to leave it.

JTBrown, Bramhall

Excessive actions

LORD Turner popped up on the radio on Monday, defending the FSA's failure to act
in the case of RBS's catastrophic purchase of ABN-Amro on the grounds that no
illegal action could be proved in court.

Does he believe that all the media investigations into this matter contain no
truth? There have been statements which show that Sir Fred Goodwinwas an
autocratic boss who pressed ahead without due diligence, happy to take ABN's
assertion of worth at its face value. I agree with 'Realist' (Postbag, December
12), your previous correspondent on this subject, that David Cameron's veto of
the EU's move to restrict the excesses of such as the like of Sir Fred amounts
to supporting the banks against us, the tax-paying public. If there were an
opposition worthy of the name, I'd vote for it but there isn't. New Labour
agrees with Cameron on this.

El Residente, Manchester

Banks need sales

THE banks have rightly been derided for their part in the financial demise of
our country, but there are still ominous facts about them

The  £10.5m fine on the bank HSBC for mis-selling policies should give a
salutary warning to all people going to a bank for financial advice. The people
giving the advice have targets to achieve and often they are paid a commission.

The problem is that many people believe they are getting impartial advice when
they go into a bank. However nobody will get impartial advice when they will get
sold' products which are needed to hit targets.

Financial advisers are often skilled at creating empathy and building up trust.
The important thing people must understand that many people working in banks are
sales people.

HSBC should make people very wary about getting advice from any bank. Their job
is to sell products and if they did not achieve it they would soon be out of a
job.

Harry Singleton,

Ashton under Lyne

Blocks ahead

JUSTwhen you thought it was safe to step outside the door again, lurking around
the corner is Congestion Charge Two'!

Not pay as you go this time, but, but block the road as you go. The council's
plan is to block Oxford Road, Princess Street and Portland street to cars.

What would stop them in future extending this into Rusholme to Princess Road,
Stockport Road, Wilmslow Road, etc?

Transport for Manchester suggests that this will improve the area, making it
easier for students to get to university for instance.

What about the small traders, self-employed tradesmen or people in the
restaurant trade who are already finding times hard? Putting obstacles in their
way is only going to make life harder.

Why have our local ward councillors gone quiet on this issue? The MENand the
public saw off the congestion charge and only recently the MENcampaign
successfully got lollipop patrols reinstated. Now there is a new battle looming
against this damaging proposition.

Rusholme Small Traders and Residents Against Road Blocks

Staff deserve rise

IFEEL passionately enraged by the article regarding Chief Nurse Mandy Bailey's
enormous pay rise as a reward for reducing the number of infections of MRSA and
C-diff in Wythenshawe Hospital.

Ihope that the public realise that the talented teams of staff do the real work
to achieve this. Yet they have not received any pay rise in the last two years,
and have to put up with long hours. Also, spare a thought for those who will be
away from their families and not receiving appropriate pay in return over the
festive period. Where is the honesty, fairness and justice in that?

Miss VJ Long, Northern Moor

Records shocker

IAMsurprised to hear that our NHSdata records could be released to private
healthcare companies and organisations for a possible access fee. If Mr Cameron
gets the go-ahead on these proposals, it will be one step closer to
privatisation of the NHS.

Norton Gamble,

Cheadle Hulme

Happy to drive

I WONDER if Janet Cuff (Postbag, December 12) realises just how pompous she
sounds.

I can only assume Ms Cuff doesn't drive; good for her. I wonder if she has asked
young people how they feel about the environment; I've found young people are
very aware of the needs of the planet.

Finally why especially boys want to learn to drive'; in this day and age girls
are just as keen and able. I passed my driving test when I was an 18 year old
girl, over 40 years ago, and I would recommend it to anyone, male or female.
Please let's be reasonable in our viewpoints.

Happy driver, Manchester   METROWatcher (Postbag, December 8) rightly states
that the Manchester Ship Canal was constructed more speedily than Metrolink. The
relatively short Eccles extension took four years, after all. And it is all down
to the numbers of workers involved and the graft they put in back in those days.
Back 110 years ago, Salford Corporation equipped every main road in the city
with a double-track tramway, including 47 crossovers (Manchester city centre has
three). There was a total of 75 route miles of track. This trackwork was carried
out by massive gangs of navvies, using hard graft and primitive equipment.
Between 1901 and 1904 (the same time taken to construct the modern Eccles line
on Metrolink), the entire city tramway was installed into every main road, and
in all-day use by 29 different tram services. Most of this tram track today lies
dormant beneath a modern-day road surface. Alex King, Salford   â
CONSIDERINGthe poverty and hardship that exist throughout the world, the
reaction to the demise of Manchester's two football clubs exiting the Champions
League was pathetic. It was just a tale of two football matches and the old
adage some you win, some you lose' was never more apt. Why can't more people see
that? FBorn, Manchester â   AFEW weeks' ago, Mr Fenton of Hazel Grove wrote to
Postbag praising the treatment received by his wife on ward E2 at Stepping Hill
hospital. It heartened me to read this as Iam a very proud grandmother of one of
the staff there. Thank you, the long hours and dedication are rewarded by
comments like this. BK, Hazel Grove â   I READ Sir Alan Sugar's recent comments
about buying British. I think that items should be encouraged to be labelled as
UK built / manufactured and also UK parts / contents. I am sure many people
would support such a scheme and would prefer to buy British, even if it was a
bit more expensive. With the world being as it is at the moment, I would like us
to be thinking more about building a future for our families. I am really
pleased that Sir Alan has expressed his feelings about this, well done. John
Baugh, Stockport â   WE are delighted that hundreds of people have given their
views about what services they think The Christie should be offering in the
future as part of our 20:20 Vision engagement exercise. Many have been touched
by the great work of our staff either because they have had cancer, or because
they have supported a family member or friend. It's really important that we get
our future vision right, so we'd like to hear from as many people as possible. I
would like to invite people who have not yet had their say to get involved. Your
feedback will ensure we get it right. To take part, please log onto our website
christie.nhs.uk, or contact us on email 2020vision@christie.nhs.uk by 31 March
2012. Caroline Shaw, chief executive, The Christie NHS Foundation Trust

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WRONGMOVEOur lead letter writer today believes that Britain should
remain close to the rest of Europe, instead of following the path of Prime
Minister David Cameron and moving away

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              866 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                          December 14, 2011 Wednesday

Salford's tram track was a real building feat ; Europe's still our future

BYLINE: Graeme McGilliard

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 1379 words


I'M English born and bred, but consider myself to be European.

Ivoted in a referendum in 1975 to stay in Europe and for a full federal European
state.

I wanted this to help counteract the influence of the USA on the rest of the
world.

Ifelt far-sighted enough to realise this was how Europe should develop its
strength.

However, the Tories have tried to belittle and destroy such a union at every
opportunity.

Margaret Thatcher was besotted byAmerica and that other Tory in all but name,
Tony Blair, led us into war alongside the USA.

Now David Cameron is the latest leader backing away from Europe.

We always read about how much Europe costs us, but nobody dares reveal the full
cost of our two American wars. Both are futile and my taxes are contributing to
the deaths of many soldiers.

Afederal Europe is still the only way forward. In a few years' time, America
will be broke especially if it attacks Iran and opens up a new conflict.

That's why we should be INEurope, not doing our best to leave it.

JTBrown, Bramhall

Excessive actions

LORD Turner popped up on the radio on Monday, defending the FSA's failure to act
in the case of RBS's catastrophic purchase of ABN-Amro on the grounds that no
illegal action could be proved in court.

Does he believe that all the media investigations into this matter contain no
truth? There have been statements which show that Sir Fred Goodwinwas an
autocratic boss who pressed ahead without due diligence, happy to take ABN's
assertion of worth at its face value. I agree with 'Realist' (Postbag, December
12), your previous correspondent on this subject, that David Cameron's veto of
the EU's move to restrict the excesses of such as the like of Sir Fred amounts
to supporting the banks against us, the tax-paying public. If there were an
opposition worthy of the name, I'd vote for it but there isn't. New Labour
agrees with Cameron on this.

El Residente, Manchester

Banks need sales

THE banks have rightly been derided for their part in the financial demise of
our country, but there are still ominous facts about them

The  £10.5m fine on the bank HSBC for mis-selling policies should give a
salutary warning to all people going to a bank for financial advice. The people
giving the advice have targets to achieve and often they are paid a commission.

The problem is that many people believe they are getting impartial advice when
they go into a bank. However nobody will get impartial advice when they will get
sold' products which are needed to hit targets.

Financial advisers are often skilled at creating empathy and building up trust.
The important thing people must understand that many people working in banks are
sales people.

HSBC should make people very wary about getting advice from any bank. Their job
is to sell products and if they did not achieve it they would soon be out of a
job.

Harry Singleton,

Ashton under Lyne

Blocks ahead

JUSTwhen you thought it was safe to step outside the door again, lurking around
the corner is Congestion Charge Two'!

Not pay as you go this time, but, but block the road as you go. The council's
plan is to block Oxford Road, Princess Street and Portland street to cars.

What would stop them in future extending this into Rusholme to Princess Road,
Stockport Road, Wilmslow Road, etc?

Transport for Manchester suggests that this will improve the area, making it
easier for students to get to university for instance.

What about the small traders, self-employed tradesmen or people in the
restaurant trade who are already finding times hard? Putting obstacles in their
way is only going to make life harder.

Why have our local ward councillors gone quiet on this issue? The MENand the
public saw off the congestion charge and only recently the MENcampaign
successfully got lollipop patrols reinstated. Now there is a new battle looming
against this damaging proposition.

Rusholme Small Traders and Residents Against Road Blocks

Staff deserve rise

IFEEL passionately enraged by the article regarding Chief Nurse Mandy Bailey's
enormous pay rise as a reward for reducing the number of infections of MRSA and
C-diff in Wythenshawe Hospital.

Ihope that the public realise that the talented teams of staff do the real work
to achieve this. Yet they have not received any pay rise in the last two years,
and have to put up with long hours. Also, spare a thought for those who will be
away from their families and not receiving appropriate pay in return over the
festive period. Where is the honesty, fairness and justice in that?

Miss VJ Long, Northern Moor

Records shocker

IAMsurprised to hear that our NHSdata records could be released to private
healthcare companies and organisations for a possible access fee. If Mr Cameron
gets the go-ahead on these proposals, it will be one step closer to
privatisation of the NHS.

Norton Gamble,

Cheadle Hulme

Happy to drive

I WONDER if Janet Cuff (Postbag, December 12) realises just how pompous she
sounds.

I can only assume Ms Cuff doesn't drive; good for her. I wonder if she has asked
young people how they feel about the environment; I've found young people are
very aware of the needs of the planet.

Finally why especially boys want to learn to drive'; in this day and age girls
are just as keen and able. I passed my driving test when I was an 18 year old
girl, over 40 years ago, and I would recommend it to anyone, male or female.
Please let's be reasonable in our viewpoints.

Happy driver, Manchester   METROWatcher (Postbag, December 8) rightly states
that the Manchester Ship Canal was constructed more speedily than Metrolink. The
relatively short Eccles extension took four years, after all. And it is all down
to the numbers of workers involved and the graft they put in back in those days.
Back 110 years ago, Salford Corporation equipped every main road in the city
with a double-track tramway, including 47 crossovers (Manchester city centre has
three). There was a total of 75 route miles of track. This trackwork was carried
out by massive gangs of navvies, using hard graft and primitive equipment.
Between 1901 and 1904 (the same time taken to construct the modern Eccles line
on Metrolink), the entire city tramway was installed into every main road, and
in all-day use by 29 different tram services. Most of this tram track today lies
dormant beneath a modern-day road surface. Alex King, Salford   â
CONSIDERINGthe poverty and hardship that exist throughout the world, the
reaction to the demise of Manchester's two football clubs exiting the Champions
League was pathetic. It was just a tale of two football matches and the old
adage some you win, some you lose' was never more apt. Why can't more people see
that? FBorn, Manchester â   AFEW weeks' ago, Mr Fenton of Hazel Grove wrote to
Postbag praising the treatment received by his wife on ward E2 at Stepping Hill
hospital. It heartened me to read this as Iam a very proud grandmother of one of
the staff there. Thank you, the long hours and dedication are rewarded by
comments like this. BK, Hazel Grove â   I READ Sir Alan Sugar's recent comments
about buying British. I think that items should be encouraged to be labelled as
UK built / manufactured and also UK parts / contents. I am sure many people
would support such a scheme and would prefer to buy British, even if it was a
bit more expensive. With the world being as it is at the moment, I would like us
to be thinking more about building a future for our families. I am really
pleased that Sir Alan has expressed his feelings about this, well done. John
Baugh, Stockport â   WE are delighted that hundreds of people have given their
views about what services they think The Christie should be offering in the
future as part of our 20:20 Vision engagement exercise. Many have been touched
by the great work of our staff either because they have had cancer, or because
they have supported a family member or friend. It's really important that we get
our future vision right, so we'd like to hear from as many people as possible. I
would like to invite people who have not yet had their say to get involved. Your
feedback will ensure we get it right. To take part, please log onto our website
christie.nhs.uk, or contact us on email 2020vision@christie.nhs.uk by 31 March
2012. Caroline Shaw, chief executive, The Christie NHS Foundation Trust

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WRONGMOVEOur lead letter writer today believes that Britain should
remain close to the rest of Europe, instead of following the path of Prime
Minister David Cameron and moving away

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              867 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                          December 14, 2011 Wednesday

Salford's tram track was a real building feat ; Europe's still our future

BYLINE: Graeme McGilliard

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 1379 words


I'M English born and bred, but consider myself to be European.

Ivoted in a referendum in 1975 to stay in Europe and for a full federal European
state.

I wanted this to help counteract the influence of the USA on the rest of the
world.

Ifelt far-sighted enough to realise this was how Europe should develop its
strength.

However, the Tories have tried to belittle and destroy such a union at every
opportunity.

Margaret Thatcher was besotted byAmerica and that other Tory in all but name,
Tony Blair, led us into war alongside the USA.

Now David Cameron is the latest leader backing away from Europe.

We always read about how much Europe costs us, but nobody dares reveal the full
cost of our two American wars. Both are futile and my taxes are contributing to
the deaths of many soldiers.

Afederal Europe is still the only way forward. In a few years' time, America
will be broke especially if it attacks Iran and opens up a new conflict.

That's why we should be INEurope, not doing our best to leave it.

JTBrown, Bramhall

Excessive actions

LORD Turner popped up on the radio on Monday, defending the FSA's failure to act
in the case of RBS's catastrophic purchase of ABN-Amro on the grounds that no
illegal action could be proved in court.

Does he believe that all the media investigations into this matter contain no
truth? There have been statements which show that Sir Fred Goodwinwas an
autocratic boss who pressed ahead without due diligence, happy to take ABN's
assertion of worth at its face value. I agree with 'Realist' (Postbag, December
12), your previous correspondent on this subject, that David Cameron's veto of
the EU's move to restrict the excesses of such as the like of Sir Fred amounts
to supporting the banks against us, the tax-paying public. If there were an
opposition worthy of the name, I'd vote for it but there isn't. New Labour
agrees with Cameron on this.

El Residente, Manchester

Banks need sales

THE banks have rightly been derided for their part in the financial demise of
our country, but there are still ominous facts about them

The  £10.5m fine on the bank HSBC for mis-selling policies should give a
salutary warning to all people going to a bank for financial advice. The people
giving the advice have targets to achieve and often they are paid a commission.

The problem is that many people believe they are getting impartial advice when
they go into a bank. However nobody will get impartial advice when they will get
sold' products which are needed to hit targets.

Financial advisers are often skilled at creating empathy and building up trust.
The important thing people must understand that many people working in banks are
sales people.

HSBC should make people very wary about getting advice from any bank. Their job
is to sell products and if they did not achieve it they would soon be out of a
job.

Harry Singleton,

Ashton under Lyne

Blocks ahead

JUSTwhen you thought it was safe to step outside the door again, lurking around
the corner is Congestion Charge Two'!

Not pay as you go this time, but, but block the road as you go. The council's
plan is to block Oxford Road, Princess Street and Portland street to cars.

What would stop them in future extending this into Rusholme to Princess Road,
Stockport Road, Wilmslow Road, etc?

Transport for Manchester suggests that this will improve the area, making it
easier for students to get to university for instance.

What about the small traders, self-employed tradesmen or people in the
restaurant trade who are already finding times hard? Putting obstacles in their
way is only going to make life harder.

Why have our local ward councillors gone quiet on this issue? The MENand the
public saw off the congestion charge and only recently the MENcampaign
successfully got lollipop patrols reinstated. Now there is a new battle looming
against this damaging proposition.

Rusholme Small Traders and Residents Against Road Blocks

Staff deserve rise

IFEEL passionately enraged by the article regarding Chief Nurse Mandy Bailey's
enormous pay rise as a reward for reducing the number of infections of MRSA and
C-diff in Wythenshawe Hospital.

Ihope that the public realise that the talented teams of staff do the real work
to achieve this. Yet they have not received any pay rise in the last two years,
and have to put up with long hours. Also, spare a thought for those who will be
away from their families and not receiving appropriate pay in return over the
festive period. Where is the honesty, fairness and justice in that?

Miss VJ Long, Northern Moor

Records shocker

IAMsurprised to hear that our NHSdata records could be released to private
healthcare companies and organisations for a possible access fee. If Mr Cameron
gets the go-ahead on these proposals, it will be one step closer to
privatisation of the NHS.

Norton Gamble,

Cheadle Hulme

Happy to drive

I WONDER if Janet Cuff (Postbag, December 12) realises just how pompous she
sounds.

I can only assume Ms Cuff doesn't drive; good for her. I wonder if she has asked
young people how they feel about the environment; I've found young people are
very aware of the needs of the planet.

Finally why especially boys want to learn to drive'; in this day and age girls
are just as keen and able. I passed my driving test when I was an 18 year old
girl, over 40 years ago, and I would recommend it to anyone, male or female.
Please let's be reasonable in our viewpoints.

Happy driver, Manchester   METROWatcher (Postbag, December 8) rightly states
that the Manchester Ship Canal was constructed more speedily than Metrolink. The
relatively short Eccles extension took four years, after all. And it is all down
to the numbers of workers involved and the graft they put in back in those days.
Back 110 years ago, Salford Corporation equipped every main road in the city
with a double-track tramway, including 47 crossovers (Manchester city centre has
three). There was a total of 75 route miles of track. This trackwork was carried
out by massive gangs of navvies, using hard graft and primitive equipment.
Between 1901 and 1904 (the same time taken to construct the modern Eccles line
on Metrolink), the entire city tramway was installed into every main road, and
in all-day use by 29 different tram services. Most of this tram track today lies
dormant beneath a modern-day road surface. Alex King, Salford   â
CONSIDERINGthe poverty and hardship that exist throughout the world, the
reaction to the demise of Manchester's two football clubs exiting the Champions
League was pathetic. It was just a tale of two football matches and the old
adage some you win, some you lose' was never more apt. Why can't more people see
that? FBorn, Manchester â   AFEW weeks' ago, Mr Fenton of Hazel Grove wrote to
Postbag praising the treatment received by his wife on ward E2 at Stepping Hill
hospital. It heartened me to read this as Iam a very proud grandmother of one of
the staff there. Thank you, the long hours and dedication are rewarded by
comments like this. BK, Hazel Grove â   I READ Sir Alan Sugar's recent comments
about buying British. I think that items should be encouraged to be labelled as
UK built / manufactured and also UK parts / contents. I am sure many people
would support such a scheme and would prefer to buy British, even if it was a
bit more expensive. With the world being as it is at the moment, I would like us
to be thinking more about building a future for our families. I am really
pleased that Sir Alan has expressed his feelings about this, well done. John
Baugh, Stockport â   WE are delighted that hundreds of people have given their
views about what services they think The Christie should be offering in the
future as part of our 20:20 Vision engagement exercise. Many have been touched
by the great work of our staff either because they have had cancer, or because
they have supported a family member or friend. It's really important that we get
our future vision right, so we'd like to hear from as many people as possible. I
would like to invite people who have not yet had their say to get involved. Your
feedback will ensure we get it right. To take part, please log onto our website
christie.nhs.uk, or contact us on email 2020vision@christie.nhs.uk by 31 March
2012. Caroline Shaw, chief executive, The Christie NHS Foundation Trust

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WRONGMOVEOur lead letter writer today believes that Britain should
remain close to the rest of Europe, instead of following the path of Prime
Minister David Cameron and moving away

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              868 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                   July 28, 2000 Friday MORNING FINAL EDITION

GOVERNOR, LATINO OFFICIALS DECRY ADS ON SCHOOL VOUCHERS

BYLINE: LORI ARATANI, Mercury News

SECTION: CALIFORNIA NEWS; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 334 words


Television ads designed to draw attention to a statewide school voucher
initiative are sparking protest from voucher opponents who contend they have
been insulted or misrepresented.

A coalition of Latino leaders blasted one set of commercials, which began airing
last week. And on Thursday, Gov. Gray Davis threatened legal action if another
spot is not pulled off the air.

Proposition 38 on the November ballot would give families $4,000 vouchers that
could be used at public or private schools. The measure is sponsored by Silicon
Valley venture capitalist Tim Draper.

Latino leaders, including Los Angeles City Councilman Alex Padilla, say the ad
that features four children talking about their future not only is misleading
but also belittles Spanish-speakers.

In the English version, the last child declares: "One day I want to be president
of the United States." But in the Spanish version, the student says: "Yo quiero
ser una maestra." ("I want to be a teacher.")

"Does that mean a Spanish-speaking child can't be president?" said Jon Lenzner,
spokesman for the No Vouchers 2000 campaign.

Chris Bertelli, spokesman for the School Vouchers 2000 campaign, said that's not
the message.

"We think it's just as important for kids to aspire to be teachers as it is for
them to aspire to be President of the United States," he said.

Bertelli would not say why the spots had different scripts.

Davis has taken issue with another spot that shows him criticizing public
schools during the January State of the State address. The ad follows his
remarks with a suggestion that the voucher initiative will improve schools.

Davis urged television stations across the state to pull the ad.

"The unauthorized statement from my January State of the State address is
nothing less than a cynical attempt to trick voters into believing that I am
somehow supporting this measure," Davis said. "Nothing could be further from the
truth."

Bertelli said the campaign would not back down.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2000 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              869 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                           November 6, 2004, Saturday

Rise of the Right

BYLINE: DUNBAR Jane

SECTION: FEATURES; OPINION; Pg. 11; PERSPECTIVE; A

LENGTH: 675 words


Watching the United States election, I couldn't help but think of my American
mother- in-law.

My mother-in-law and I are, how can I describe it? She's very kind to me, but
when we see each other it is as if we're looking at another species. Quite
simply, we don't understand each other at all. We're perplexed, at sea, and take
refuge in not saying much.

When news reports reveal that 22 per cent of those who voted for George W. Bush
said that moral values were the most important issue for them, I think of my
mother-in-law. She is an ardent member of the evangelical Right, one of those
who consider that the Democrats belittle and mock her views; one of those who
believe that only George W. and his friends can lead the US on the path to
salvation.

Some have said that Bush was Osama bin Laden's preferred presidential candidate,
and that bin Laden timed his recent sudden appearance to boost George W.'s
electoral chances by increasing the fear quotient and the perceived need for a
"tough leader". This, the argument goes, is because for bin Laden, it's much
easier to recruit for al- Qaeda with Bush in charge; easier to recruit when the
enemy is boldly, clearly, easily defined as a Christian fundamentalist America
crusading against Islam.

But even if this is so, and even if it means Americans are more endangered than
ever, my mother-in-law will be celebrating. The greater the ascendancy of
fundamentalist Christianity, the happier she is.

On one of my first visits to her home in Los Angeles some years ago, she greeted
her son and me with great excitement. She had just seen a story on her Christian
television channel that she just knew would be kept from us on the biased
liberal mainstream television news networks we watched.

Scientists, she told us, had been drilling in the Arctic. They drilled down and
down, searching for whatever it was they were searching for, when something
truly horrific stopped them. A terrible unthinkable sound. It was the tormented
screaming of the damned, trapped forever in the furnace of the Earth's core.

This, she said, looking me straight in the eye, was an example of a true story
only a Christian news channel would have the courage to tell. For my husband,
living in the predominantly secular world of New Zealand is an enormous relief.
And both of us can't help but be troubled by the re-election of Bush and wonder
how much the electoral conservatism exhibited in both the US and Australia might
translate here.

It seems at the moment, for example, that New Zealanders seem to be able to
grasp the idea that there is something morally indefensible about the war in
Iraq. It seems that most of us can accept that all people are different and
should be able to have their love for each other legally recognised in some way,
even if they are same-sex couples. And it seems that most of us can agree that a
woman should have the right to have an abortion.

Is such consensus likely to be eroded before our next election?

Until now, religion has been a comparatively benign force in New Zealand: more
about compassion and human rights than defining others as an enemy to be fought
single-mindedly.

In my family, we were christened with a few gentle drops of water on the
forehead, and always allowed the choice to believe or not to believe. The key
message has always been: treat others as you would have them treat you. In my
husband's family, he was baptised by being dunked fully clothed in a large pool
of water in front of a congregation. His mother hopes her son will turn to God
before the Apocalypse, which is nigh.

Of course, in the US there is every type of religious belief of varying degrees
of fervour. My mother-in-law is representative of only a portion of Americans.
But coverage of the US election clearly suggest that an extreme moral
conservatism and a shift towards the radical religious Right was a key driver in
Bush's success.

Let's hope that such a trend doesn't emerge here and polarise New Zealand
society the way it has in the US.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2004 Fairfax New Zealand


                              870 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                            Waikato Times (Hamilton)

                             March 19, 1999, Friday

Order to squat 'inappropriate'

BYLINE: MIDDLEBROOK Libby

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 230 words


An army instructor used an "inappropriate" punishment to belittle a 19-year-old
recruit in front of his peers, a recruitment training commander told a court
martial panel at Waiouru yesterday.

Nine army recruits were ordered to squat against a wall for four minutes, with
their thighs at 90degree>> and helmets held out in front of them -- punishment
for mistakes recruit Larry Nisbet made during artillery training on October 27,
1998.

Bombardier Dallas Wairehu Leevey, who is facing four charges of ill-treating
recruits during a 12-week training course, forced Gunner Nisbet to watch as his
team-mates carried out half the punishment.

"It would be totally inappropriate to use that form of punishment," said witness
Grant Holley, commander of recruit training at Waiouru.

Leevey, 26 -- also alleged to have sworn repeatedly at Gunner Nisbet in front of
30 platoon members for his mistakes -- has pleaded not guilty.

Sergeant Holley said the army had placed greater emphasis on positive training,
after about 25 per cent of recruits dropped out in 1996. Direct verbal abuse and
unauthorised punishment were not allowed.

The case is being heard before three regimental army officers and Wanganui QC
John Rowan. If found guilty Leevey could face fines of $ 3000, loss of rank and
a military prison sentence. The panel was expected to make a ruling today.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1999 Fairfax New Zealand Newspaper


                              871 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 4, 1982, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

KOCH SAYS PRESS MISREPRESENTS PLAYBOY INTERVIEW

BYLINE: By CLYDE HABERMAN

SECTION: Section B; Page 11, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 628 words


Mayor Koch said yesterday that press accounts had misrepresented what he told
Playboy magazine in an interview he has had to defend almost from the day he
announced his candidacy for Governor.

The Mayor also charged that newspaper reports had distorted the reception he was
given on a visit to Albany Monday night. He singled out articles that said he
had been booed as he entered a political gathering.

''It is interesting,'' he said, ''because it will always make a story to say,
'Koch booed.' And there were some headlines that said that. I give you my word
of honor that overwhelmingly, overwhelmingly, the people were very nice.''

The Mayor has repeatedly contended in the last few days that any political
troubles he may have encountered as a result of the Playboy interview stem from
skewed news accounts of what he told the magazine.

'Wasting Your Life'

In the interview, he called the suburbs ''sterile'' and said that ''it's wasting
your life'' to live there. The magazine also described the Mayor as laughing
hard as he described rural life, where, he said, ''you have to drive 20 miles to
buy a gingham dress or a Sears, Roebuck suit.''

Mr. Koch says that he did not intend to belittle suburbanites or rural dwellers,
but that rather, in response to an interviewer who ''played devil's advocate,''
he was defending urban life and rejecting the notion that large numbers of
people are leaving cities to live in ''the country.''

Yesterday the Mayor discussed the issue of press treatment at some length at a
luncheon held by Playboy in the Helmsley Palace Hotel.  He acknowledged that
some people might have been offended by his remarks, but he insisted that they
would be bothered, not by what was in the magazine, but ''by the headline, by
the picking out of a sentence without it being in context.''

Singles Out a Headline

Later, in an interview, Mr. Koch refused to single out any news reports because,
he said, ''it doesn't make any sense.'' However, he did cite as objectionable to
him a headline that appeared last week in The Albany Times-Union. The headline
read, ''Ed Koch to Albany: Drop Dead.''

Several times in the interview yesterday, the Mayor insisted that although he
felt newspaper coverage did not capture what he had told the magazine, he was
not complaining.

''You're not going to get me to attack the press,'' he said. ''It can't help you
to attack the press.'' Nevertheless, the thrust of his remarks during
yesterday's luncheon clearly seemed to be that his views had been unfairly
represented in newspapers and on television.

'Out of Context'

''The question is, do you take out a word or a sentence out of the context of
the paragraph and without an understanding of it,'' he said. ''Then you
misrepresent me. But that's not what Playboy did.  That's what those who would
take it out of context have done.''

At another point, he drew a comparison with the controversial Atlantic Monthly
account of David Stockman's views on President Reagan's economic program.

''The same people who won't read Playboy won't read the Atlantic Monthly and
won't know what David Stockman said - isn't that so?'' the Mayor asserted.

''I want to tell you,'' he said, ''that the interview does not reflect what the
reports on the interview said he said.'' Analyzing his own comments, Mr. Koch
also argued that one reason for his popularity is his manner of speech. ''I'm
able to take what is a common-sense point of view and express it in a succinct
way so that people can grasp it,'' he said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              872 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           December 28, 2010 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Bullying in workplace is common, hard to fix;
One in three adults has been bullied on the job

BYLINE: Laura Petrecca

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1861 words


The Hooters restaurant chain likes to play up its "delightfully tacky, yet
unrefined" slogan. But what more than 15 million TV viewers saw on Feb. 14 went
beyond unrefined.

A Hooters franchise manager insisted that servers clasp their hands behind their
backs and gobble up a serving of cooked beans face-first. Whoever cleaned her
plate the quickest would get to leave early.

That scene was shown on the CBS reality show Undercover Boss.  Later in the
episode, Coby Brooks -- the Hooters CEO who went undercover to evaluate workers
-- reprimands the manager for being inappropriate.

"There are lines that you don't cross," Brooks said.

Yet, many bosses don't follow that stance. In offices nationwide, managers
belittle, isolate, intimidate and sabotage employees.

One in three adults   has experienced workplace bullying, according to surveys
conducted earlier this year by research firm Zogby International for the
Workplace Bullying Institute (WBI). Nearly three-fourths  of bullying is from
the top down, according to a 2007  study.

Some tyrannical managers scream and send out scathing e-mails. But often, an
oppressor uses a more subtle -- and easily covered -- collection of  behaviors.
These actions could include purposely leaving a worker out of communications so
they can't do their job well, mocking someone during meetings and spreading
malicious gossip about their target, says Catherine Mattice, a workplace
consultant who specializes in this issue.

The acts may seem trivial, but as they build up over time, the ramifications can
be monumental.

Bullied workers often feel anxious and depressed, can't sleep and are at
increased risk for ailments such as hypertension. Some employees feel so
overwhelmed, they just can't see a way out. "Sometimes, unfortunately, suicide
is the result," Mattice says.

Tough to diagnose

On an academic level, workplace bullying has become a popular research topic,
says Stanford Engineering School management professor and Good Boss, Bad Boss
author Robert Sutton. But on a broader scale, there is still much to be learned
about this topic.

"Workplace bullying is kind of this new concept; it's like sexual harassment
before Anita Hill," Mattice says. "One of the biggest problems is that it is
under the radar."

A big issue is that bullying is difficult to define. Is a demanding boss a bully
or a perfectionist? Is a manager who says inappropriate things malicious or just
tactless? "That's one of the difficult things to grapple with," says Joseph
O'Keefe, a senior counsel at law firm Proskauer. "When does it rise above just
being a mean boss and reach the level of bullying?"

As a general guideline, bullying occurs when a manager has an ongoing pattern of
intimidating or demeaning behavior that can affect an employee's health.

"We've all had bosses who are rough around the edges, and sometimes you just
have to deal with it," says Tom Davenport, a senior consultant at human
resources consultancy Towers Watson. "But it's one thing to have an assertive
boss, and it's another to have one that makes you feel sick -- psychologically,
physically and emotionally sick."

Since bullying is such an amorphous act, department managers and human resource
executives often have to examine claims of it on an individual basis. Officials
at the University of Virginia had to undertake this task earlier this year.

On July 30, Kevin Morrissey, managing editor at the University of Virginia
literary magazine Virginia Quarterly Review, shot himself. Morrissey's sister,
Maria Morrissey, says that after his death, she learned that her brother was
treated harshly by VQR editor Ted Genoways.

Genoways' attorney, Lloyd Snook,  says the editor was not a bully to Morrissey
or anyone else in the office.

Following Morrissey's death, the university commissioned an audit of the
magazine's finances and management practices. The Oct. 20 report says that while
Genoways' ability to supervise his staff in accordance with university policies
"is questionable," complaints against him didn't raise any red flags.

"There were reports through the years of the editor  not being courteous or
respectful with some contributors and colleagues, as well as problems with
certain employees, but none ever seemed to rise to the level of a serious,
ongoing concern," the report said.

In a formal response to the audit, Snook said that Genoways "has never been told
of any specific complaint that any of his staff has had. There was never any
personnel action taken against Ted."

Even with the release of the internal report, there are still many questions
swirling -- and not many publically known answers -- about the situation  at
VQR.

Failing to take action

Yet, even when there are obvious concerns about a boss poisoning an office
environment, often little is done. Reasons this is tough to diagnose and cure:

*Victims keep quiet. Many workers are embarrassed at being bullied,  so they
don't report the persecution to human resources. In addition, many targets are
afraid that if they complain, there will be retribution.

*Intervention can take time. Morrissey and other staffers complained to UVA
officials about workplace strife. Mediation was to take place, says UVA
spokeswoman Carol Woods, but Kevin's sister, Maria, says the school didn't have
a thorough or timely response. The UVA audit says its personnel satisfied
"institutional policies and procedures." While there were notices of problems at
VQR, the report says there were "no specific allegations of bullying or
harassment prior to July 30th."

*Discipline can be subjective.  Even though Undercover Boss is an
entertainment-focused reality show, blogs were filled with intense criticism for
Hooters  CEO Brooks after he didn't  fire the manager who made the waitresses
eat without their hands.

That manager resigned earlier this year "to pursue other interests," says
Hooters spokeswoman Alexis Aleshire. She said the company couldn't comment
further on that specific situation, but e-mailed this statement: "Hooters has a
longstanding and highly effective policy protecting employees from all
harassment. Hooters of America and (the) Texas Wings (franchise) are confident
the incident portrayed on Undercover Boss is in no way representative of conduct
within the Hooters system."

*Legal recourse isn't clear-cut. Existing federal laws focus on the
harassment/discrimination of those in a protected class, such as race, religion,
national origin, age or disability. Since 2003, 18 states have proposed a
"healthy workplace bill" that holds an employer accountable for an abusive
environment, but none has become law.

*Witnesses are scared to come forward. About one in seven workers said they've
seen workplace bullying but haven't been a target themselves, the WBI says.  But
many observers keep quiet. "A lot of time, bystanders see bullying, but they
won't stand up," Mattice says. "They don't want to attract attention."

*Savvy bosses work the system. Manipulative managers often know how to play the
game so they're not caught. "They kiss up and kick down," Sutton says.

Who gets picked on by whom

Workplace bullying can take many forms. While it's often a boss targeting
employees, workers have picked on peers -- and even their supervisors.

Slightly more than 60% of bullies are men, and 58% of targets are women,
according to WBI. When a woman is the aggressor, she often picks on her own
gender: Women target other women in 80% of cases. Men are more apt to target
men.

Bullying can take place in any work environment, but Mattice says it tends to be
more prevalent in  hierarchical industries such as manufacturing, health care
and education.

Crummy bosses are frequently more tolerated in organizations that focus on
reaching sales goals, Davenport says.

"In a results-driven environment, managers may say 'Tom really is a jerk, but he
certainly produces the numbers,' " he says.

Further complicating things: Most bullies don't realize -- or at least, admit --
that they're the bad guy. Fewer than 1% of people  say they bully others at
work, according to the WBI.

"We, as human beings, have self-awareness issues," Sutton says.

While maniacal managers may not realize how their behavior affects other
employees, one place where they could see the difference is in the bottom line.
Bullied employees will often take more sick days, steal supplies and use work
hours to look for other jobs.

"They'll take longer breaks, and they'll be less likely to help others," Sutton
says.

Beaten-down employees also don't perform as well on duties that take mental
wherewithal. Research subjects have been less creative in simple puzzle-solving
tasks after someone has been nasty to them, Sutton says.

But even as studies show that abusive managers can harm profits, bullying
continues to rise at some firms.

One issue: Productivity-producing carrots, such as raises and bonuses, have been
taken away as companies cut costs. Many mangers have turned to using sticks.

"With the economy the way it is, (supervisors) are more stressed out, and they
are more likely to become more aggressive at work," Mattice says.

Those on the receiving end have their own issues due to the economic maelstrom.

"Anyone who is being bullied feels trapped, because where are they going to go?"
she says. "They feel stuck there until the economy gets better."

List

Survival Strategies

Bosses often get a bad rap -- mainly because they are just that: the boss.

These are the folks who scrutinize vacation day requests, ask for client reports
to be revised and tell employees the company decided against 2010 raises. So
naturally they will be closely scrutinized -- and criticized -- by workers,
simply because they have such a large impact on their life.

"Bosses pack a wallop, especially on their direct reports," says Robert Sutton,
author of Good Boss, Bad Boss.

However, there are many supportive, compassionate managers out there, Sutton
says. "Most of us think our bosses are OK."

But for the folks toiling under a lousy manager, the daily stress can be severe.
Some ways to deal with a bad boss:

*Have a heart-to-heart.  "Perhaps your boss is one of those people who aren't
aware of how they come across," Sutton says. It could be worth it to have a
"gentle confrontation" with the manager in hopes of evoking a behavior change.

*Get help. "It's like a bully on the playground," says Tom Davenport, co-author
of Manager Redefined. "At some point you have to go tell the teacher."

Employees should keep a detailed diary of a boss' bad behaviors and then bring
up those specific instances when lodging a complaint.

"Don't talk about the way you feel. Don't say 'I'm hurt,' " says workplace
consultant Catherine Mattice. Instead give very specific examples of how the
boss crossed the line.

*Zone out.  With some effort -- be it meditation, therapy or another method --
some folks are able to leave their work troubles at the office. "Learn the fine
art of emotional detachment," Sutton says. "Try not to let it touch your soul."

*Update the resume. "Start planning your escape," Sutton says. Sure, the
economy may not be the best for job seekers, but those who put feelers out now
will have a head start when the hiring freeze thaws.

By Laura Petrecca

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Susy Parker, USA TODAY
PHOTO, B/W, Bill Matlock, CBS

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COVER STORY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2010 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              873 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                            September 2, 2007 Sunday

Weis deserves blame for Irish humiliation

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 687 words


SOUTH BEND, Ind. - As everybody knows - and if you don't know, he'll tell you -
Charlie Weis invented Tom Brady and Brady Quinn. Sources say he's claiming
Marcia Brady, too.

Well, in the third year of his program, he reinvented an offensive attack that
hadn't been seen since 1974, when my freshman high school coach told our
quarterback to run for his life on every play.

We were humiliated, hapless and hopeless, too.

Before this goes even one paragraph further, please understand the purpose here
isn't to belittle Demetrius Jones, Evan Sharpley or Jimmy Clausen.

Each of the young men could develop into a quality QB, and none was to blame for
the most lopsided season-opening defeat in the 121-year history of Notre Dame
football.

That's right: Neither Tyrone Willingham, Bob Davie nor even Gerry Faust authored
anything remotely as rotten as Saturday's 33-3 loss to Georgia Tech - a setback
signaling a long, lousy season in South Bend.

This one's on Weis.

Weis fooled nobody with his refusal to name a starting QB until game time. As
everybody - including the Yellow Jackets - expected, Jones got the call. Weis
was so confident in his choice that he wouldn't let the athletic sophomore from
the Chicago Public League throw the football.

When the "Run Demetrius Run!'' plan failed, the coach turned to Sharpley,
Quinn's backup last season. After the junior was sacked seven times and a
blowout ensued, Weis finally gave super-hyped freshman Clausen a go during
garbage time.

Thanks to the team Weis put around them and the game plan the genius concocted,
the kids never had a chance.

Happy to accept credit for the program's renaissance in his first two seasons,
Weis took the heat Saturday.

"When the team's not ready to go, which obviously we weren't, who else are you
going to blame? I'm the head coach,'' he said. "It's fair to be criticized after
a performance like that. I did a crummy job.''

The challenge now is to stop the crumminess from carrying over to Penn State
next Saturday and Michigan the following week. Good luck with that, coach.

Weis repeatedly had said he didn't believe in the concept of rebuilding at Notre
Dame. Asked again Saturday, though, he said he'd need a couple of days to think
about such a "philosophical question.''

Truth is, the Irish are in big-time rebuilding mode.

Most of Willingham's guys - including Quinn - are gone. Many Weis recruits
figure to be very good, but Notre Dame is young across the board and the
schedule will prove unkind to inexperienced players. National observers'
predictions of a 1-7 start, which had seemed so over the top, look plausible
now. Even Navy and Air Force won't be easy marks, and rumor has it Weis wants to
replace them with the Coast Guard and Marines.

Folks love to focus on skill-position players, but Notre Dame has serious
problems on both lines. The offensive front couldn't protect the QBs or open
holes for the runners. The defense was shredded for 265 rushing yards -
including 196 by Tashard Choice, who often lined up alone in the backfield and
took direct-snaps from center.

Yes, even when the Irish knew exactly what was coming, they couldn't compete.
And while Georgia Tech has talent, the unranked Yellow Jackets probably aren't
one of the five best teams ND will play.

"There's a whole litany of problems we have to fix,'' Weis said. "To show you
how good a job I did, about every goal that I identified with the team . . .
happened just the opposite of what I said. You name it, I was prophetic.''

So, great prophet, who will play QB against Penn State?

Weis promised to name a starter by Tuesday, thereby skipping the "I could tell
you but I'd have to kill you'' silliness of the last few weeks.

If Clausen's surgically repaired elbow passed this first test with no lingering
soreness, why not go with the most talented player at the position? The cocky
Californian fits the personality of the ultra-aggressive Weis, too.

Even if the team ends up being as bad as Game 1 suggests, Clausen is the future.
As the realization of his daunting rebuilding project sets in, Weis might as
well embrace the future right now.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN. LOCAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              874 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 March 17, 2005 Thursday MORNING FINAL EDITION

AN UGLY FIGHT OVER REMAINS OF U.S. SOLDIER

BYLINE: SCOTT HERHOLD column

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 638 words


In the cold storage room of a Watsonville mortuary, the torn body of Staff Sgt.
Jason Hendrix, 28, lies in limbo. And thereby hangs a sad encore to the tragedy
of his death from a roadside bomb in Iraq.

Though he had been in the Army for a decade, Hendrix was still the child of a
divorce. Magnified by geographic differences, that divorce has reasserted its
ugliness in a battle over his body.

Hendrix's father, Russell Hendrix, 48, a mechanic at Tulsa International
Airport, wants to bury his son next to the soldier's Marine grandfather in
Claremont, Okla.

His mother, Renee Amick, 45, would like to see him buried on the central
California coast, where he spent the first 16 years of his life and attended
Aptos High School.

With talks having failed, the two sides are set to appear in court in Santa Cruz
on Wednesday, armed with lawyers and scraps of paper to prove their case. It's a
fight that shouldn't be taking place. It belittles a soldier's sacrifice.

Separate ways

When Jason's parents divorced 14 years ago, his father moved back to Oklahoma,
where much of his family lived. Jason continued to live in Watsonville with his
mother until he was 16, when he moved to Oklahoma and finished high school. He
enlisted in the Army at 17.

On Feb. 16, near the Iraqi city of Ar-Ramadi, Jason was killed by a bomb after
pulling his lieutenant from a burning vehicle. His body was shipped back to
California.

Ordinarily, soldiers are asked to designate who should receive their bodies in
case they are killed. According to federal authorities, Jason left that space
blank in his most recent papers, which were signed before shipping out for Iraq.
His father says that earlier papers, dated 2001, designated Jason's younger
brother, Justin, who lives in Oklahoma.

"It's standard operating procedure to submit a name, but it's not required,
which seems foolish," Jessica Schafer, a press secretary to Rep. Sam Farr,
D-Salinas, told me.

Older parent

In the absence of a clear directive and a surviving spouse -- Jason was not
married -- the military usually invokes the rule that the oldest parent receives
the body. That would be Jason's father. For reasons that no one has adequately
explained, the Army shipped the body to his mother in Watsonvilleinstead.

This is hardly the only time this kind of dispute has occurred. Late last year,
after an extended battle between family members, Lance Cpl. Lance Anderson was
buried in Ventura, where his father lives. His mother sought unsuccessfully to
bury him in Las Vegas.

I understand that separated parents each want a gravestone they can visit, a
place where they can reflect on the joy and the pain of their son's life. But
what's happening here isn't just an effort to honor the dead. It's a test of
power among the survivors.

Yes, the practice of shipping the body to the oldest parent is arbitrary and
unfair, as is much in the military. It discriminates against mothers, who tend
to be younger.

It's hard to know what you can replace it with -- though requiring soldiers to
designate a name would be a good first step that might end bitter battles like
the one in Watsonville.

In Jason Hendrix's case, you're dealing with a grown man who had already served
11 years in the Army. One way out might be to ask his peers -- a brother in
Oklahoma, a sister in California -- to craft a solution.

What I am certain about is what shouldn't happen: A trial to examine which
parent has the better claim to Jason's body. Early this month, Jason's mother
was quoted as saying that his attitude was "Keep it simple," -- and that he
wouldn't have wanted this fight.

That's worth remembering. The man was grown. The divorce was done. He gave his
life trying to save a comrade. All that matters more than the final resting
place of his remains.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2005 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              875 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                            January 18, 2005 Tuesday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

PUBLIC FORUM

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. N12

LENGTH: 1267 words


Smoke and mirrors

Re ``More cops hit streets'' (Jan. 16):

Not to belittle the hard work of current officers, the report by the Daily News
that ``LAPD arrests increased 13 percent while violent crimes dropped only 2
percent'' hasn't nearly reached the number of yearly arrests the LAPD made the
year before the Rodney King riots. In 1989, with only about 8,400 officers, the
LAPD made 257,323 arrests. During 1991, the year of the King incident, arrests
plummeted from 1990's figure by 71,942, or 29.8 percent.

In contrast, in 2003 there were only 138,913 arrests. The reported 13 percent
increase in arrests over 2003 means there might be about 156,971 arrests for
2004. With over 9,000 officers now, and to contrast the political attempts to
credit a new chief for the increase in arrests, not-so-new-now Chief William
Bratton has actually done little that hasn't already been tried or accomplished
by the LAPD over the years.

- Richard M. Holbrook

Sylmar

Two of a kind

Re ``Hertzberg, Hahn trade accusations'' (Jan. 15):

I had to laugh when mayoral candidate Robert Hertzberg said Mayor James Hahn was
caught asleep at the wheel again - implying that Hahn should have known that the
Fleishman-Hillard public-relations firm (which at the time employed Hertzberg as
a consultant) was screwing Los Angeles. Translation: It's a good thing that Hahn
was asleep at the wheel or he would have been on to Hertzberg.

- Hal Netkin

Van Nuys

Good money after bad

Re ``Officials mixed on 'gang tax''' (Jan. 15):

So, Councilman Martin Ludlow wants property owners to pony up an additional $40
a year to fund more after-school programs? Let's not throw good money after bad.
Given the track record of abject failure of such after-school, anti-gang
programs including L.A. Bridges that has been documented in audits by City
Controller Laura Chick and her predecessor, why would taxpayers want to fund
more of them?

Our local politicians love their after-school programs, but perhaps Ludlow
should work toward eliminating the fraud, waste and abuse of these programs and
the agencies that operate them before asking taxpayers to fund more of them.

- Jerry Levinson

Sherman Oaks

Conning us again

Re ``Padilla responds'' (Your Opinions, Jan. 14):

You must be kidding, Councilman Alex Padilla. You have the gall to take the
Daily News to task for telling the truth. It isn't the one ``thumbing its
nose,'' you are. So you're trying to con us again, aren't you? Whatever did you
do with all the money you've previously scammed out of us? Your new shibboleth
of ``public safety'' is as meaningless as your previous use of words such as
``quality education'' and ``healthy children.''

You don't need to waste more of our money to put an advisory measure on the
city's May 17 ballot ``that would gauge the public's support for new tax funds
to be used for public safety.'' In clear and unambiguous language, my answer is:
No way. Not again!

- Joan L. Farrar

West Hills

Twisting words

Alex Padilla's response to your Jan. 10 editorial is just another example of a
politician twisting words to fit his way of thinking. Evidently Padilla's
understanding of your editorial differs from what you actually said, and what I
understood too. Nowhere in your editorial (``Arrogance of power'') do I recall
you indicating that you were thumbing your nose, as Padilla states, at the
opportunity to put hundreds of new LAPD officers on the street.

Your editorial indicates Padilla wants to ``skirt the law,'' by calling his
proposal a general tax increase. The people of L.A. have been tricked and
deceived so many times by measures such as this that we are sick and tired of
his and others' proposals like this.

- Gary E. Taylor

Sylmar

Clear and precise

Re ``Padilla responds'' (Your Opinion, Jan. 14):

If Los Angeles City Council President Alex Padilla (and all L.A. elected
officials and bureaucrats, for that matter) was ``clear and precise'' (and
responsible, honest and straightforward) he would propose a sales-tax increase
specifically for public safety.

Such a ``levy'' would be used only for newly hired police and fire personnel
(personnel actually on the street). Not for desk jockeys, not for buildings and
equipment (uniforms and personal equipment are included in yearly cost per
employee), not for administration of consent degrees, etc. Only additional
on-street personnel.

- Carl E. Johnson

Canoga Park

Cut their pay

Proposition A failed last November. In May, the city fathers are going to
re-introduce it under another name with a diminished majority. What reasonable
person will vote to increase his taxes? A tax that will NEVER go away.

How about this intelligent solution. Give the police a 3 percent pay cut, make
them work 40 hours like everybody else, then we can hire a few more cops. If
some cops quit, that's OK, there are hundreds of people waiting to take their
place.

- Kenneth Johnson

Tujunga

Use Hansen Dam

Re ``Water largely goes to waste in big storms'' (Jan. 13):

If 80 percent of rainwater goes to the ocean, if there are only four spreading
grounds in the Valley, and if there is little space for more spreading grounds,
then why isn't Hansen Dam being used?

Hansen Dam was created to hold floodwater. Water from the mountains, which is
pollution free, flows into Hansen Dam and right out its open gates to the ocean.
The dam's sheer size dwarfs the total of the Valley's four spreading basins.
Hansen Dam is a taxpayer-owned asset that is being wasted. It is not utilized to
its potential. Use Hansen Dam as a spreading basin. Go to the dam and see for
yourselves - it's empty.

- Joan Pollei

Tujunga

Dehumanizing security

Preoccupations with ``homeland security'' trouble me - particularly training
unfeeling, undiscerning persons to carry out routine ``security'' checks.
Needing IRS office tax forms, I was denied entrance at the Van Nuys Federal
Building yesterday: no ``picture I.D.'' in tow.

Parked inconveniently five blocks away, I changed into canvas shoes to walk
back. Placing my keys, I.D. in the tray, I was asked to remove my shoes, too.
``Buzzing'' going through, I removed my jewelry, buzzed again and was told to
remove my hair barrette and thin sweater dress top with teeny buttons. Feeling
dehumanized, vulnerable, upset, I declined, going home empty-handed.

- Marcia Witrogen

Winnetka

Not the enemy

Re ``Servile heroine back'' (Their Opinions, Jan. 14):

A beautiful actress who can't find a man - now that is news. Twenty-five years
ago men wanted older women who were college graduates who had careers. They had
to be able to hold down a job as well as do the housework and tend to the kids
and, to top that off, always be looking pretty. So where did that leave the
average Jo who worked as a secretary? On the outside looking in?

If men today really are interested in average women who are plain and
nonprofessional, it could be because each individual sees certain qualities in
the woman who captures his heart - such as old-fashioned industriousness or a
sense of value. The reason could also be because she can be a complement rather
than be competitive. Feminists have got to reach some agreement with women in
traditional roles and stop viewing them as the enemy.

- Grace Hampton

Burbank

Covert propaganda

Regarding the Armstrong Williams gaffe: I suggest that Armstrong Williams be
immortalized for his covert propagandizing for the government by forever
hereafter referring to such duplicity as ``Armstronging'' with a tip of the hat
to the ancient term ``strong-arming.'' The results are the same, coercing
someone to do something against their best interests. We can parse
``Armstronging'' however we need.

- Alex Sheppard

Reseda

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Letters to the editor

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 Digital First Media


                              876 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                  Toronto Star

                    March 23, 2002 Saturday Ontario Edition

Vince gone, offence returns

BYLINE: Doug Smith, Toronto Star

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C04

LENGTH: 557 words

HIGHLIGHT:
Raps roll to easy win over Cavs without Carter

Need a win? Lose an all-star.

Not to belittle the meaning of Vince Carter to the Toronto Raptors or anything,
but the team rallied with one of its better efforts last night after finding out
the all-star guard would be lost for the season with impending arthroscopic
surgery.

Raptors 94, Cavaliers 80

With the Cleveland Cavaliers willing participants in bringing about a Raptors
renaissance, Toronto rolled to a ridiculously easy 94-80 victory at the Gund
Arena before a crowd graciously announced at 15,847.

A well-balanced offence and a defence that limited Cleveland to less than 40 per
cent shooting gave Toronto only its second win in the last 19 games and easiest
victory since a Jan. 27 win over Orlando.

With a new starting lineup that included Dell Curry for Carter, Morris Peterson
for Jerome Williams and Eric Montross for Keon Clark, the Raptors got off to a
hot start and, for once, didn't let a weakened opponent back in the game.

"We played hard and did everything," coach Lenny Wilkens said. "It was a good
win, we executed on offence probably better than we have for a whole game in a
long time."

Peterson, in particular, seemed more in the flow of the game than he had been in
a while, with a team-leading 18 points, while Antonio Davis had eight of his 14
in the second quarter when Toronto pulled away.

Perhaps sensing they needed a little bit of extra effort to make up for the loss
of Carter's 24 points a game, the Raptors had five players in double figures
with Clark and Jerome Williams playing key roles off the bench.

Clark had 12 points on 6-of-13 shooting and grabbed 10 rebounds while Jerome
Williams had 12 points.

If there is any flicker to playoff hopes for the Raptors, they were kept on life
support by last night's win. Now 31-38 on the season, they are four games out of
the eighth and final playoff spot with 13 games left in the regular season.

"We're just going to continue to come out and work hard," Jerome Williams said.

The Raptors took command in the first half, building a lead as big as 21 points,
when they held the woeful Cavs to only 30 per cent shooting from the field.
Cleveland managed only 11 points in the first quarter.

"We stunk again at home," Cleveland coach John Lucas said. "I thought neither
team wanted to win. It was very, very bad."

Meanwhile, Carter got to watch the proceedings from the end of the bench and saw
the Raptors win for the first time this season without him in the lineup. And,
while his teammates probably would have liked to have him in uniform, they
understood they couldn't.

"He deserves a lot of credit for just coming back and playing in the games he
played in," Chris Childs said.

It was Childs, in fact, who Carter went to for some advice before deciding to
sit out the rest of the season and have the operation. "I was so frustrated, I
pulled Chris aside and just talked to him," Carter said. "He thought it was a
good idea for me to sit out because of what he was seeing.

"(He said) it was a painful sight to see me out there like that. He really
helped me through it."

The Raptors were lucky Childs got to talk to Carter before last night's game
because he wasn't in a mood to talk after bruising his tailbone in a hard spill
while chasing a loose ball and leaping over the chairs at the Cavaliers bench.


LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2002 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              877 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                              May 21, 1995, Sunday

Theatre / Bully Berkoff belittles his Bardic debut

BYLINE: Irving Wardle

SECTION: THE CRITICS; Page  20

LENGTH: 1029 words


A SMASH hit in New York in 1988 and a cause celebre in Germany, Steven Berkoff's
production of Coriolanus finally reaches Britain with the addition of Berkoff
himself - making his Shakespearean debut - in the title role.

A sense of unreality hovers over this event. Berkoff's name has been associated
with the play for so long, and he is such obvious casting for Shakespeare's
human fighting-machine, that it feels we have seen the show already. You can
easily imagine what it might be like; and then find your idea confirmed on the
West Yorkshire Playhouse stage in Leeds.

The whole thing is accompanied and controlled by an off-stage percussionist.  A
black-clad chorus doubles as plebeians, Volscians and senators, alternately
performing robotic routines and freezing for the principal speakers. The set, a
black-and-white marble floor marked out with a central circle and compass
points, is a means of placing the company as precisely as chess- men; and
intensifying the impact of explosive energy contained by rigid discipline. So
far so good. There is also some wonderfully visualised detail; such as a sewing
scene for the two women where Berkoff absorbs domestic realism into his own
austere stage poetry, even allowing Virglia (Sara Griffiths) to mime the death
of the butterfly torn to pieces by her little boy. Conversely, the show has the
stylistic self-confidence to bend the rules; as with David Henry's oily
Menenius, who makes his entrance into this world of imaginary needles and
two-handed swords lighting a real cigar.

What you look for in vain is any discriminating attitude towards the play. Fed
into the crunchers of Berkoff's derisive sensibility, it emerges as a
style-driven artefact in which every leading character - with the exception of
Faith Brook's unaccountably gentle Volumnia - figures as a target. One moment
they are creatures of menacing power; the next they collapse into slapstick
grotesques. Either way, the production substitutes contemptuous belittlement for
tragedy. Even Brecht, in his politically mutilated version of the play, allowed
its enemies of the people a certain magnitude.

Nothing in Berkoff's version, alas, is more predictable than his own performance
as a ranting little bully in gangster suit and boots. Never, even in the most
elaborately mimed combat, does he look like a warlord, or a match for Colin
McFarlane's Aufidius. Vocally, he repeatedly starts at the top, leaving himself
no chance to build. Where he does score is in self-mockery. Arriving at Corioli
he and the chorus put their shoulders against an invisible obstacle and strain
their guts out, until Berkoff casually remarks, "the gates are open", and
strolls into the city. But is he making fun of war or of his own stage
techniques?

Launching the Brighton Festival at the start of an English tour, Silviu
Purcarete's Romanian production of Phaedra (adapted from Euripides and Seneca)
offers a genuine interchange of tragedy and comedy, and much else besides. Its
leading characters occupy the mid-register in a universal scale between the
rival god- desses who pace the stage throughout, and a continually mutating
chorus - equipped with enormous walking sticks which take on a life of their
own, craning their neck-like handles towards the centre-stage bed like voyeurs.
From Aphrodite's whispered opening curse on Hippolytus, the action commands full
tragic authority: something dreadful is happening to these people, something
important to all of us is being said. The show arrives at Riverside next month;
not to be missed.

Having killed his wife in a car crash, Harold has gone to ground in Wales, with
his Mozart CDs, his job as a humorous columnist and his paralysed daughter. From
the title of James Saunders' Retreat you know that his peace will be
short-lived. Out of the night comes Hannah, daughter of his two best friends who
have also met violent deaths. As an honorary uncle, Harold greets her with
indulgent hospitality - which turns to panic and fury on discovering that she
means to hold him to a promise to take full responsibility for her and her
schizoid brother.

Although there are only two characters, the play resounds with clamorous voices
from the past, as the facts behind the crash emerge, and as Harold comes to see
the intruder both as a mortal threat and as the re-embodiment of the two people
he loved most. The piece is quite marvellously played in Sam Walters' production
by Victoria Hamilton and Tim Pigott-Smith, who appears as an old softie with a
toothy smile for as long as he is in control, and turns brutally powerful once
he emerges as defencelessly fragile.

Tim Fountain's Tchaikovsky in the Park covers 20 years in its hero's life in
four leap-frogging acts, which enable the play to jump straight from his days as
a newly- wed to his wife's insanity, and from his early concert-hall triumphs to
the eve of his suicide. He explains his life as a process of losing himself
either in music or with random partners under park bushes; and perhaps for that
reason he fails to take shape as a character. Other characters - such as a
steely Nadezda von Meck (Gina Cameron) and a Bradford mill-owner cartoon of
Nikolai Rubinstein (Mark Healy) - come over with quite a bite. A product of
Springboard Theatre, which supplies a bridge between drama-school graduates and
the profession, the show is a persuasive advertisement for the company's talent
as well as its good intentions.

Gordon Kaye gives a winningly laid-back performance as Elwood P Dowd, the
courtly, rabbit-fixated hero of Mary Chase's 1944 comedy, Harvey.  Otherwise
Clifford Williams's revival leaves me mystified that a piece of such low energy,
containing so many under- written parts and timid sub-plots left hanging in
mid-air, can once have spread from an enraptured Broadway to attract fun-lovers
from India to Japan. I suppose there are rabbits everywhere.

'Coriolanus': Leeds WYP, 0113-244 2111. 'Phaedra': Riverside, W6, 0181- 748
3354, from 21 Jun. 'Retreat': Richmond Orange Tree, 0181-940 3633.
'Tchaikovsky': Bride- well, EC4, 0171-936 3456. 'Harvey': Shaftesbury, W1,
0171-379 5399.


LOAD-DATE: May 22, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1995 Independent Print Ltd


                              878 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                              May 21, 1995, Sunday

Theatre / Bully Berkoff belittles his Bardic debut

BYLINE: Irving Wardle

SECTION: THE CRITICS; Page  20

LENGTH: 1029 words


A SMASH hit in New York in 1988 and a cause celebre in Germany, Steven Berkoff's
production of Coriolanus finally reaches Britain with the addition of Berkoff
himself - making his Shakespearean debut - in the title role.

A sense of unreality hovers over this event. Berkoff's name has been associated
with the play for so long, and he is such obvious casting for Shakespeare's
human fighting-machine, that it feels we have seen the show already. You can
easily imagine what it might be like; and then find your idea confirmed on the
West Yorkshire Playhouse stage in Leeds.

The whole thing is accompanied and controlled by an off-stage percussionist.  A
black-clad chorus doubles as plebeians, Volscians and senators, alternately
performing robotic routines and freezing for the principal speakers. The set, a
black-and-white marble floor marked out with a central circle and compass
points, is a means of placing the company as precisely as chess- men; and
intensifying the impact of explosive energy contained by rigid discipline. So
far so good. There is also some wonderfully visualised detail; such as a sewing
scene for the two women where Berkoff absorbs domestic realism into his own
austere stage poetry, even allowing Virglia (Sara Griffiths) to mime the death
of the butterfly torn to pieces by her little boy. Conversely, the show has the
stylistic self-confidence to bend the rules; as with David Henry's oily
Menenius, who makes his entrance into this world of imaginary needles and
two-handed swords lighting a real cigar.

What you look for in vain is any discriminating attitude towards the play. Fed
into the crunchers of Berkoff's derisive sensibility, it emerges as a
style-driven artefact in which every leading character - with the exception of
Faith Brook's unaccountably gentle Volumnia - figures as a target. One moment
they are creatures of menacing power; the next they collapse into slapstick
grotesques. Either way, the production substitutes contemptuous belittlement for
tragedy. Even Brecht, in his politically mutilated version of the play, allowed
its enemies of the people a certain magnitude.

Nothing in Berkoff's version, alas, is more predictable than his own performance
as a ranting little bully in gangster suit and boots. Never, even in the most
elaborately mimed combat, does he look like a warlord, or a match for Colin
McFarlane's Aufidius. Vocally, he repeatedly starts at the top, leaving himself
no chance to build. Where he does score is in self-mockery. Arriving at Corioli
he and the chorus put their shoulders against an invisible obstacle and strain
their guts out, until Berkoff casually remarks, "the gates are open", and
strolls into the city. But is he making fun of war or of his own stage
techniques?

Launching the Brighton Festival at the start of an English tour, Silviu
Purcarete's Romanian production of Phaedra (adapted from Euripides and Seneca)
offers a genuine interchange of tragedy and comedy, and much else besides. Its
leading characters occupy the mid-register in a universal scale between the
rival god- desses who pace the stage throughout, and a continually mutating
chorus - equipped with enormous walking sticks which take on a life of their
own, craning their neck-like handles towards the centre-stage bed like voyeurs.
From Aphrodite's whispered opening curse on Hippolytus, the action commands full
tragic authority: something dreadful is happening to these people, something
important to all of us is being said. The show arrives at Riverside next month;
not to be missed.

Having killed his wife in a car crash, Harold has gone to ground in Wales, with
his Mozart CDs, his job as a humorous columnist and his paralysed daughter. From
the title of James Saunders' Retreat you know that his peace will be
short-lived. Out of the night comes Hannah, daughter of his two best friends who
have also met violent deaths. As an honorary uncle, Harold greets her with
indulgent hospitality - which turns to panic and fury on discovering that she
means to hold him to a promise to take full responsibility for her and her
schizoid brother.

Although there are only two characters, the play resounds with clamorous voices
from the past, as the facts behind the crash emerge, and as Harold comes to see
the intruder both as a mortal threat and as the re-embodiment of the two people
he loved most. The piece is quite marvellously played in Sam Walters' production
by Victoria Hamilton and Tim Pigott-Smith, who appears as an old softie with a
toothy smile for as long as he is in control, and turns brutally powerful once
he emerges as defencelessly fragile.

Tim Fountain's Tchaikovsky in the Park covers 20 years in its hero's life in
four leap-frogging acts, which enable the play to jump straight from his days as
a newly- wed to his wife's insanity, and from his early concert-hall triumphs to
the eve of his suicide. He explains his life as a process of losing himself
either in music or with random partners under park bushes; and perhaps for that
reason he fails to take shape as a character. Other characters - such as a
steely Nadezda von Meck (Gina Cameron) and a Bradford mill-owner cartoon of
Nikolai Rubinstein (Mark Healy) - come over with quite a bite. A product of
Springboard Theatre, which supplies a bridge between drama-school graduates and
the profession, the show is a persuasive advertisement for the company's talent
as well as its good intentions.

Gordon Kaye gives a winningly laid-back performance as Elwood P Dowd, the
courtly, rabbit-fixated hero of Mary Chase's 1944 comedy, Harvey.  Otherwise
Clifford Williams's revival leaves me mystified that a piece of such low energy,
containing so many under- written parts and timid sub-plots left hanging in
mid-air, can once have spread from an enraptured Broadway to attract fun-lovers
from India to Japan. I suppose there are rabbits everywhere.

'Coriolanus': Leeds WYP, 0113-244 2111. 'Phaedra': Riverside, W6, 0181- 748
3354, from 21 Jun. 'Retreat': Richmond Orange Tree, 0181-940 3633.
'Tchaikovsky': Bride- well, EC4, 0171-936 3456. 'Harvey': Shaftesbury, W1,
0171-379 5399.


LOAD-DATE: May 23, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1995 Independent Print Ltd


                              879 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            January 18, 1993, Monday

Mr. Miller draws the line on flag

BYLINE: John Headzell/miller; speeches; legislatures; design; reform; history

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section A; Page 11

LENGTH: 552 words


Give 'em hell, Zell.

The half of Gov. Zell Miller's State of the State address devoted to why the
Confederate battle banner should be dropped from Georgia's state flag was a dose
of plain speaking that would have made Harry S. Truman proud. Mr. Miller laid it
all out, unvarnished.

The governor made eloquent and heartfelt rebuttal to the arguments of those who
want to keep the flag as it is.

To those who claim the proposal to change the flag is part of an effort to erase
the Confederacy from history and to belittle the sacrifices of those who fought
for it, the great-grandson of a twice- wounded Confederate soldier said, "We
will not forget. We cannot forget. Our graveyards, our literature, and many of
our own family histories will forever keep alive the memory of those who died
for the Confederacy - and the memory of those whose freedom from slavery
depended on the Confederacy's defeat."

To those who maintain that changing the flag amounts to tampering with the
essence of Georgia's history, the former history teacher said, "Georgia will be
260 years old next month. For 43 of those years, we were a British colony; for
11 years a sovereign state under the Articles of Confederation; and for more
than 200 years a member of the United States. For four brief years - that's 1.5
percent of our state's entire history - Georgia was a member of the Confederate
States of America. Yet it is the Confederacy's most inflammatory symbol that
dominates our flag today."

To those who deny any racial overtones in the Legislature's decision 37 years
ago to add the Rebel banner to the state flag, Mr. Miller said, "It is clear the
flag was changed in 1956 to identify Georgia with the dark side of the
Confederacy - that desire to deprive some Americans of the equal rights that are
the birthright of all Americans, and yes, the determination to destroy the
United States if necessary to achieve that goal."

To those who say there is no reason for anyone to take offense at the flag, he
said, "We have long since repudiated every element of those shameful 1956 days
of defiance - except for the flag they created. . . . [W]e maintain as a symbol
of our state a flag that challenges the very existence of the United States of
America. And a flag that exhibits pride in the enslavement of many of our
ancestors."

And to lawmakers who slough off the flag-change proposal as much ado about
nothing, a sideshow to real issues, Mr. Miller said, "Very probably this one
vote will be the only one for which this General Assembly is ever remembered,
and the one vote for which each and every one of you will be held accountable,
not just by your constituents, but by posterity and history."

I have no doubt that most of the lawmakers left Mr. Miller's speech with their
ears burning. I hope as many left with their eyes opened. The governor made it
about as clear as can be what is at stake for our state and for the legislators
themselves as they confront this issue.

Zell Miller has been wise and courageous in pushing the proposal to change the
flag. Given the results of public opinion polls and surveys of legislators, he
must feel as if he's out there all alone sometimes. I hope his ringing speech
will help bring him the support he deserves.

John Head is a Constitution editorial writer.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH930270093

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              880 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    October 22, 1992, Thursday, City Edition

SECTION: NATIONAL; ET CETERA; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 263 words



Saudi blasts Schwarzkopf: Lt. Gen. Khalid Bin Sultan, the Saudi prince who  led
Arab forces in the Persian Gulf war, is furious over his portrayal in Gen.  H.
Norman Schwarzkopf's autobiography.

In a six-page statement, Khalid accuses the retired Desert Storm commander  of
taking all credit for the 1991 victory over Iraq "while running down just  about
everyone else."

"It is not unusual after a war for generals to magnify their own  achievements
and belittle those of others," Khalid said. "I regret to say  that Gen.
Schwarzkopf, my comrade-in-arms during the gulf war, has succumbed  to this
temptation."

Khalid said Schwarzkopf's book distorts details of how he was chosen to  head
Arab forces in the allied coalition, various battlefield events and Saudi
leaders' worries about the impact of thousands of foreign troops on their
people and Islamic culture.

"Above all, Gen. Schwarzkopf wants to be seen as the sole supreme  commander and
finds it hard to acknowledge that this was not the case," he  said.

Schwarzkopf's autobiography, It Doesn't Take a Hero, was released three  weeks
ago.

Bardot confirms marriage: Former actress Brigitte Bardot confirmed she has
married Bernard d'Ormale, an aide to extreme-right leader Jean-Marie Le Pen,
according to an interview with Paris-Match.

Houston cancels tour: Whitney Houston, who is four months pregnant, has
canceled a concert tour of Israel and Europe on the advice of doctors, her
Israeli publicist said.

The 28-year-old singer married fellow pop star Bobby Brown in July.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              881 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             July 19, 1988 Tuesday

BASEBALL   Lea no ordinary comeback Charlie

BYLINE: MARTY YORK; GAM

LENGTH: 752 words


MARTY YORK
 It would be impudent to belittle the creditable comeback of pitcher Dave
Stieb, but let's be honest with ourselves here:
   At this point, the Toronto Blue Jay right-hander does not qualify as
the American League's comeback player of the year.

Actually, his return to competence in 1988 pales in comparison with the
resurrection of one Charles William Lea in Minnesota.

Stieb merely has bounced back from a couple of years of mediocrity.

Lea, on the other hand, has come back from oblivion.

Against the odds.

Said Twin manager Tom Kelly: "It's as though Charlie were dead for a
few years and has been reincarnated."

Lea, to refresh your memory, is the last pitcher from a Canadian-based
team to have won an All-Star Game. In fact, starting on behalf of the
National League, he defeated Stieb.

That was in 1984, when Lea was excelling for the Montreal Expos.

After that, it was all downhill - until now.

In 1985, Lea showed up to spring training with what was originally
diagnosed as tendinitis in his throwing shoulder. In reality, he was
victimized not by one, but two, sizeable tears in the shoulder.

On May 31, 1985, Dr. James Andrews, who recently performed seemingly
successful surgery on the Jays' Jim Key, operated on Lea. There wasn't any
quick, Key-like recovery for Lea, though.

He missed all of 1985. And all of 1986. And, after going 3-9 in the
Expos' farm system last season, he resurfaced with Montreal on Sept. 16.

It was a short-lived return.

In one inning against Dwight Gooden and the New York Mets, Lea yielded
four hits and four runs and was yanked from the game. He was the loser in
a 10-0 rout.

The Expos, deeming his career over, discarded him.

"I didn't want my career to end like that," the 31-year-old right-
hander was saying yesterday. "I just couldn't deal with that. I didn't
really know whether I could pitch in the major leagues again, but I had to
find out. I had to satisfy my curiosity and get a tryout somewhere. It
didn't matter where."

As it turned out, only one club - Minnesota - offered him an
opportunity in spring training this year.

He was invited by the Twins as a non-roster player. No guarantees. If
he somehow made the club, his base salary would be no higher than the
minimum wage of $62,500.

"We needed pitching badly," said Kelly, who is attempting to manage the
Twins to a successful defence of their World Series championship. "We had
several experiment pitchers in our camp - older guys like Steve Carlton,
Joe Niekro, Tippy Martinez and Charlie."

Lea was the only one of the four to survive.

Not that it was all smooth sailing for him. He started out with an 0-3
record and a dismal 6.99 earned-run average.

"Luckily," he said, "it worked out so that I improved before they could
send me home."

Lea emerged as a key member of the Twins' starting rotation and he is
now a respectable 6-4, with a 4.43 ERA.

Moreover, his contract is laden with attainable incentive clauses.
He'll collect $200,000 extra if he starts 32 games. If he doubles the 14
starts he has now, he'll receive $125,000 extra.

And his agents, the Hendricks brothers of Houston, had enough foresight
to include a stipulation in his contract that will award him $50,000 if he
is chosen the AL's comeback player of 1988.

"You'll never catch me talking about that," Lea said. "I'm just trying
to keep my blinders on and focus on the immediate tasks at hand.

"Mentally, I still think the same way I always did. At this point,
though, I know I'm not as polished a pitcher as I was when I was in
Montreal. At least I know I can handle major-league batters again.

"A lot of people figured I'd never pitch again. I was written off. But
I never saw any reason not to try to come back. There was nothing
embarrassing about it. Just to quit and walk away would have been foolish.

"I knew coming back was possible. I remember (San Francisco Giant
pitcher) Rick Reuschel had to miss a year (1982) after arm surgery. He
came back nicely, so he became a hero of mine.

"You pick your heroes, you know. If you're a home-run hitter, your hero
is a home-run hitter. If you're a guy that wants to make it back from
shoulder surgery, you pick a guy who's made it back from shoulder surgery.
Rick gave me inspiration."

These days, Lea is providing inspiration to the Twins.

"We were written off early in the season," Lea said. "They were saying
we weren't good enough to compete with the (Oakland) Athletics in our
division."

But here are the Twins in second place, making a strong run at top spot
in the AL West. And here is Lea, contributing significantly.

Against the odds.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1988 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              882 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 22, 1993, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Private Town Guards Angering New Jersey

BYLINE: By ROBERT HANLEY,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 7; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1118 words

DATELINE: SUSSEX, N.J., July 20


Detractors around town belittle Sussex's private security guards as
"rent-a-cops." That makes Julia Devine bristle.

"Don't call them rent-a-cops," she said. "That's degrading. They're polite and
courteous. They're well dressed. They're immaculate. They're professional and
they're doing the job."

Jerry Yanchik, owner of Sussex Appliance up on Main Street, has a different
notion.

"Nobody wants them," he said. "The Governor doesn't want them.  The County
Prosecutor doesn't want them. It's a waste of money. They don't have rights to
do anything, except call in the state police."

So goes the debate this summer as this tiny borough deep in the hills of
northwestern New Jersey braces for a court fight with the state this month over
the legality and the fate of the private security guards.

Support for Guards Grows

Sussex is a renegade, the state contends in a lawsuit that seeks to disband the
guard force as powerless and illegal.

The state is a bully, retorts the guards' backers here. Support for the guards
appears to have grown among the 2,200 residents of Sussex since the guards
started walking the beat on June 1 and, residents say, adding a measure of
security, order and comfort.

On Monday, the Borough Council received petitions signed by about 140 residents,
business people and customers supporting the security force.

"The town is overwhelmingly in favor," said Louis Gutfleish, owner of a
pharmacy. "There is no sense in not having them."

His wife, Marcia, said: "If they prevent something from happening, it's got to
help. Something is always better than nothing. It's their presence that's a
deterrence."

No Legal Authority

State law-enforcement authorities point out that the guards have no legal
authority to conduct investigations, enforce the state's criminal code and
traffic laws or arrest anyone, unless they witness them committing a crime.
Consequently, the state's top law-enforcement official, Attorney General Robert
J. Del Tufo, contends in the state's lawsuit that Sussex officials are deceiving
both residents and visitors to the town by creating a false sense of police
presence with the guards.

No matter, says another supporter, Sandy Tichnor.

"If they can't arrest anyone, they can at least scare troublemakers away and
keep people from hanging around the empty storefronts on Main Street," she said.
"I wish they were here seven days a week instead of just a few days."

Sussex, which is only three-quarters of a square mile in size, is not exactly
crime-ridden. The most serious crimes reported in 1990 and 1991, according to
the latest available state police crime statistics, were two rapes and two
robberies.

'Gangs,' 'Scuzz' and 'Sleaze'

Big-city police officers would snicker at the things most merchants and
residents want the guards to address: rowdy, foul-mouthed teen-age boys who
congregate on skateboards and bicycles in parking lots, people who drink on the
streets and sometimes wander into stores, and loiterers who gather outside
businesses on Main Street and sometimes impede passage of customers. Some
residents refer to these people variously as "gangs," "scuzz" and "sleaze," and
they want the security guards here to keep an eye on them.

"The state police don't have time to come here for Mickey-Mouse stuff," said Mr.
Gutfleish, the pharmacist.

State troopers have law-enforcement responsibility in Sussex and 73 other towns
among New Jersey's 567 municipalities, but they are posted out of town. And
depending on demands elsewhere in rural northwestern New Jersey, residents say,
the state troopers take anywhere from 10 minutes to an hour to respond to
complaints about minor legal infractions.

Until the guards arrived, state troopers had been the only ones patrolling here
since April 1992, when town officials disbanded Sussex' own five-member police
department after the chief and an officer were indicted in a drug case.

About $237,000 Saved

The old department had cost about $285,000 in a municipal budget of $820,000,
officials said. This May, Sussex awarded the guards' employer -- Executive
Security and Investigative Services, of Totowa, N.J. -- a six-month contract for
$48,000.

Attorney General Del Tufo's aides began the legal counterattack almost
immediately after the guards started patrolling. They said the guards do not
undergo the same training and psychological evaluations as regular police
officers do. They warned that Sussex could face stiff financial liabilities if
the guards made any major legal mistakes in their work.

The Sussex contract, in effect, challenges Mr. Del Tufo's authority over
municipal policing in the state. His suit, originally filed in late June,
contends that the state law governing municipal police departments does not give
communities the authority to hire private security agents for public law
enforcement.

In a supplemental suit last week, Mr. Del Tufo argued that the guards should be
stripped of their nine-millimeter handguns because Executive Security had
misrepresented the guards' need for the guns in letters to state judges who
ultimately allowed them to carry the weapons in Sussex.

The letters said the guards required weapons because they would be detaining
suspects and responding to robberies, assaults, shootings, stabbings and other
crimes. Mr. Del Tufo countered that the guards have no legal authority to
perform law enforcement duties, even though the letters said they would
"privately police" Sussex.

The supplemental suit also accused the guards of conducting several improper
investigations, including illegally searching a parked car, questioning a
teen-age boy about breaking a car window, arresting a man who had butted his
girlfriend's head with his head in a domestic violence case, and questioning a
man who was eating a sandwich on a street corner and holding a sign that said:
"Homeless need money."

A hearing on the state suit is scheduled before Superior Court Judge Reginald
Stanton in Morristown on July 30.

Mayor Peter Horvath called Mr. Del Tufo's concerns about the guards misguided.
"We have not given them police powers," he said. "They're security guards hired
to augment state police. The state police are our police force. They guards are
here to provide a uniformed presence to deter anything."

Mr. Horvath also contended that the state was threatening public safety in
Sussex by generating public discussion of the guards' lack of law enforcement
powers.

"All they keep saying is 'They can't do this and they can't do that,' he said.
"They're opening up this town to all kinds of riff-raff. If anybody come in here
and hurts somebody, I'll hold the Attorney General responsible."

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: The Borough Council of Sussex, N.J., received petitions on
Monday by residents, business people and customers supporting the town's
much-debated private security force. Sgt. L. Simicich of the private security
force took a call at the guards' office in the former Sussex Police Station.
"They're security guards hired to augment state police," said Mayor Peter
Horvath of Sussex, N.J. "The state police are our police force. The guards are
here to provide a uniformed presence to deter anything." He said the state
threatened the public's safety by discussing the guards' lack of powers.
(Photographs by Norman Y. Lono for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              883 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 25, 1983, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

REAGAN AIDE BELITTLES WOMAN WHO RESIGNED

BYLINE: By STEVEN R. WEISMAN

SECTION: Section A; Page 14, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 381 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, Aug. 24


Larry Speakes, the White House spokesman, today ridiculed a Justice Department
official who resigned after assailing the Administration's record on women's
rights. He said she had ''played an important role'' by dressing up as the
Easter Bunny in the White House Easter egg roll.

At a regular daily briefing here at the hotel where Mr. Reagan is spending the
week, Mr. Speakes said Barbara Honegger, who quit her job as a special assistant
in the Justice Department's civil rights division Monday, had had the task of
making sure ''that all the visitors to the White House, the children, had a good
time.''

''It was quite an admirable thing to do,'' Mr. Speakes said, amid reporters'
laughter. ''It's not easy to dress up in that hot bunny suit. I've never done
it, and I'm sort of ashamed to admit it.''

Mr. Speakes's comments were the latest by Administration officials to the effect
that Miss Honegger was an insignificant official who has exaggerated her role in
the Administration. Tuesday, Tom DeCair, a Justice Department spokesman,
characterized Miss Honegger as a ''low-level munchkin,'' whose salary was
$37,000 a year.

(In Washington, The Associated Press quoted Miss Honegger as saying, ''You think
they'd try to do this to a man? I can't believe it.'' She said had never been to
a White House egg roll, and that Mr. Speakes's comments showed that
Administration officials ''are real scared, not of what I have done, but of what
they have not done.'')

Described as Project Head

Miss Honegger, in Washington, has produced a letter from a superior describing
her as the ''project director'' of a review by the Attorney General of Federal
laws with the aim of eliminating discriminatory provisions.

Mr. Speakes said today, however, that she had not been the director, but simply
one of several people working on that project.

Miss Honegger, who worked in the 1980 Reagan campaign, said in an article
published in The Washington Post on Sunday that she had become convinced Mr.
Reagan did not care about women's rights.


Miss Honegger's actions have dismayed Presidential aides, although some had
earlier privately expressed skepticism that the law project was sufficient to
prove that Mr. Reagan had a solid record on women's rights.



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              884 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 7, 2007 Saturday
                                Regional Edition

America's D.C.

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 157 words


John Kelly's March 28 Metro column ["With Friends Like Louie, Who Needs to
Vote?"]  offered humorous but specious evidence of why Rep. Louie Gohmert
(R-Tex.) can't claim the District of Columbia as his own.

By contrasting the District's rich resources with the smaller festivals, museums
and amenities of Gohmert's 1st  Congressional District, Kelly proved Gohmert's
point that all Americans have a stake in the District. The Smithsonian receives
70 percent of its budget from American taxpayers (not to mention donations from
across the country). American taxpayers helped construct Metrorail. The National
Cherry Blossom Festival generates $150 million from tourists for District
coffers.

I doubt that any D.C. funds support the 1st  District's Heritage Syrup Festival
or Ellen Trout Zoo. It's too bad that Kelly chose to belittle people in another
neck of the woods whose taxes support the District in a big way.

-- Katy Smith

Greenville, S.C.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              885 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                    December 3, 2000, Sunday, Final Edition

BOOK WORLD RAVES; Here's a grand bundle of literary good cheer, a sweep through
the books that, for one reason or another, won our reviewers' praise this year.
We have culled quotes from full reviews as well as roundups; not only from
Sunday Book Worlds but from reviews printed in the Style Section of The Post.
Our "Raves" list next year will include those favorably reviewed works of 2000
printed after today.

SECTION: BOOK WORLD; Pg. X08

LENGTH: 12491 words



Nonfiction


Memoir


An American Story. By Debra Dickerson (Pantheon). Daughter of sharecroppers
studies her way out of her North St. Louis 'hood, joins the Air Force, finishes
college and ascends to Harvard Law School. --Maureen Corrigan


Baltimore's Mansion. By Wayne Johnston (Doubleday). Author of the celebrated
novel The Colony of Unrequited Dreams, Johnston found material to match his
skills in his native land, Newfoundland. He looks back in eloquent and sorrowful
regret. --Christopher D. Ringwald


A Blessing Over Ashes: The Remarkable Odyssey of My Unlikely Brother. By Adam
Fifield (Morrow). The most riveting passages cover the years Soeth spent as a
forced laborer for the Khmer Rouge. Fifield describes his brother's harrowing
experiences in the killing fields with cinematic dispatch. --Jabari Asim (JA)


The Caregiver. By Aaron Alterra (Steerforth). Alterra describes tending his
wife, Stella, as Alzheimer's takes away more and more of her memory and sense of
self. . . . There's no posturing, no self-congratulation. . . . Only the facts,
carefully arranged, sparely and beautifully written. --Juliet Wittman


Driving Mr. Albert: A Trip Across America with Einstein's Brain. By Michael
Paterniti (Dial). The result is lyrical without being corny, and funny without
condescension. In an era when too much of our "humor" is downright mean, marked
by a desperate need to insult or belittle others, Paterniti recalls the
embracing ecumenism of Twain's Life on the Mississippi. --Curt Suplee


A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius. By Dave Eggers (Simon & Schuster).
Despite the occasional high-hat, this will resonate with people of a certain age
who long to relive the brief but memorable promise of the slacker, pre-boom
1990s. --Adam Mazmanian


Life So Far. By Betty Friedan (S&S). [Her] book is by an actual human, about a
real human life. . . . I found this an immensely touching, beguiling and
engaging book. --CS


Lying. By Lauren Slater (Random House). It is not entirely clear whether the
author really has epilepsy at all . . . although the disease is the book's
central metaphor. Slater makes it seem an enticing, seductive condition, a world
full of sweet scents and dreamlike visions. --Reeve Lindbergh


A Personal Odyssey. By Thomas Sowell (Free Press). Sowell always had a knack for
stirring up dissent. Long before his days as a professor, economist and
syndicated columnist, he frequently found himself at the center of controversy.
--JA


Through the Burning Steppe. By Elena Kozhina (Riverhead). A tribute to her
mother's endurance. . . . the writing displays its own stoic self-restraint, and
understated setting down of memories and impressions that makes every page all
the poignant and devastating. --Michael Dirda (MD)


A Walk Toward Oregon. By Alvin M. Josephy Jr. (Knopf). Josephy has written a
cinematic history of his place in the century, concluding with the improbable
rediscovery and triumph of Indian studies. He is a man who plainly loves
storytelling. --Michael Olmert


Social Issues


As Nature Made Him. By John Colapinto (HarperCollins). One of two male identical
twins had his genitals mutilated during a botched circumcision. Rather than
subject the child to phallic reconstructive surgery, [the doctor] pushed the
child's bewildered parents to consent to . . . raise their little boy as a girl.
--Chris Bull


The Ballad of Little River: A Tale of Race and Restless Youth in the Rural
South. By Paul Hemphill (Free). All the characters' stories suggest how close to
the throat poverty holds Little River, but the book also demonstrates how
several black families . . . have successfully loosened that grip. --Valerie
Sayers


Bobos in Paradise: The New Upper Class and How They Got There. By David Brooks
(S&S). He has identified the salient characteristics of this new elite, and he
describes them with accuracy and wit. . . . It is an "elite that has been raised
to oppose the elites" . . . "it mingles 1960s rebellion with 1980s achievement,"
Bob Dylan with Ronald Reagan. --Jonathan Yardley (JY)


Flux: Women on Sex, Work, Love, and Life. By Peggy Orenstein (Doubleday). Social
scientists have long charted the changes in women's lives: the record number
entering college and the workforce, delaying marriage, divorcing or remaining
single, having fewer children later in life or none at all. . . . Orenstein
captures the voices of women living these trends. --Phyllis Moen


In Glory's Shadow: Shannon Faulkner, The Citadel, and a Changing America. By
Catherine S. Manegold (Knopf). The Citadel had its beginning in the white fear
of slave uprisings in the antebellum South, and Manegold carefully shows how the
forces of violence and white male supremacy have shaped it every step of the
way. --Judy Mann


Ordinary Resurrections. By Jonathan Kozol (Crown). The book is often deeply
moving and beautifully written, and ought to put an end, once and for all, to
the deterministic nonsense that says . . . that an author who is white, Jewish,
Ivy League-educated, male and in his sixties cannot possibly understand the
lives of the less educated. --Richard D. Kahlenberg


Mollie's Job: Life and Work On the Global Assembly Line. By William M. Adler
(Scribner). The most affecting pages of Mollie's Job depict this single mother's
struggle to support three children on a paycheck of less than $ 50 a week.
--Samuel G. Freedman


Newjack: Guarding Sing Sing. By Ted Conover (RH). Conover, an anthroplogist by
training and a journalist by trade, immerses himself in whatever culture he
decides to study. . . . We are often richer for the result, and Newjack is about
as good as it gets--by turns gripping, funny, frightening and sad. --John
Schwartz


On the Rez. By Ian Frazier (FSG). A welcome new look at a talented writer. He
works hard to avoid the cliches that too often mar America's occasional attempts
to come to terms with its Indians. --Ray Suarez


Biography


America's Queen: The Life of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis. By Sarah Bradford
(Viking). Compulsively readable. Bradford is especially good at portraying two
related aspects of Onassis's life: Jackie's relationships with men and her
quest, through them, for money. --Charlotte Hays


American Dreamer: The Life and Times of Henry A. Wallace. By John C. Culver and
John Hyde (Norton). The irony of Wallace's life is that a man who loved rural
America and its people so much that he devoted his life to perfecting a kind of
rural paradise ended up destroying it. --Richard Pearson


Bruce Chatwin. By Nicholas Shakespeare (Doubleday). Shakespeare makes plain that
all the major books, even though based on actual figures and places, are
fictionalized, reimagined to make the best possible story, spruced up, Bruced
up. --MD


Burt Lancaster. By Kate Burford (Knopf). Lancaster was always straining upward,
and, as Burford acknowledges, his talent wasn't always up to the strain. He
could be stolid and colorless and, often as not, miscast. --Louis Bayard


Eugene O'Neill. By Stephen A. Black (Yale). It's a particular pleasure to read
[Black's] loving elucidation of the crucial comic elements in . . . works that
are profoundly misunderstood if we fail to see the almost Shakespearean
acceptance of human folly and failure that balances their more evident
bleakness. --Wendy Smith


George Moore. By Adrian Frazier (Yale). A major, extensively researched and
densley written biography. . . . It reveals Moore's disturbed heart and soul,
his urgent need for sexual gratification . . . his obsessive need to recast his
creative masks in his many revised editions. --Karl Beckson


Georgiana, Duchess of Devonshire. By Amanda Foreman (RH). What is most
fascinating about Foreman's book, winner in 1998 of the Whitbread Prize, is how
her subject penetrated the social, artistic and power elite of the late 18th
century. --Susan Davidson


Greenspan. By Justin Martin (Perseus). This sprightly biography makes . . . a
compelling companion to [Bob Woodward's] Maestro. Greenspan dropped out of the
Juilliard School of Music . . . gave up jazz for the classroom . . . and became
expert at analyzing the economy's manifold moving parts. --Daniel Gross


Herbert von Karajan. By Richard Osborne (Northeastern Univ.). Osborne's massive
new biography . . . is as ambitious and eternally fascinating as its subject.
Karajan . . . was perhaps the most significant performing artist in Central
European classical music from the mid-1950s until his death in 1989. --Tim Page


Hirohito and the Making of Modern Japan. By Herbert P. Bix (Harper). [This]
highly readable and massively researched biography is all but certain to shatter
the old images. Above all, it is likely to change our understanding of the role
Hirohito played in the initiation and conduct of World War II, and his role,
direct and indirect, in constricting Japanese political development throughout
his 63-year reign. --Gar Alperovitz


Ho Chi Minh. By William J. Duiker (Hyperion). A major scholarly achievement, a
very important addition to the literature not only on the wars for Vietnam but
on the history of colonialism. It is the most authoritative account of Ho's life
we are likely to have for a long time to come. --Frederik Logevall


John Ruskin: The Early Years; John Ruskin: The Later Years. By Tim Hilton
(Yale). Hilton has obviously spent much of his maturity in the study of Ruskin's
life and work; his 1,000 pages will be honored and consulted after most of this
year's bestsellers have been long forgotten. As enthralling a story as any
triple-decker Victorian sensation novel. --Michael Dirda (MD)


The Knox Brothers. By Penelope Fitzgerald (Counterpoint). This unassuming genius
was born not a Fitzgerald but a Knox. Her father and her three uncles were among
the most charismatic and witty, eccentric and strong-willed personalities of the
century. Penelope Fitzgerald relates the lives of these uncommon men with an
affection and pride. --MD


M: The Man Who Became Caravaggio. By Peter Robb (Henry Holt). He evokes with
uncanny flair Caravaggio's partners in crime, such as the architect Onorio
Longhi . . . the secretive Knights of Malta, and the paranoid, gaudy atmosphere
of Rome in 1600. --John Loughery


Mailer. By Mary V. Dearborn (Houghton). Now, without lifting a finger to assist,
he gets a wonderful biography. Mary Dearborn, over-supplied with ugly material,
has laid it out with order, wit and a fine sense of social history. --Brenda
Maddox


Mao. By Philip Short (Holt). A 782-page tome, rich in detail and dense in
description. Nowhere has the story of the late Chinese leader been told with
greater authority. --Anne F. Thurston


Marcel Proust. By Jean-Yves Tadie (Viking). Plenitude . . . characterizes
Tadie's massive life of the novelist. As the editor of the recent Pleiade
recension of the Recherche, Tadie posseses an unrivaled knowledge of Proustian
manuscripts and source material. --MD


Oscar Wilde. By Barbara Belford (RH). Belford's highly readable and often droll
prose reveals her delight with language, as in her description of Oscar's
mother, Lady Wilde, whose "talent for affinities" at her salon resulted in her
"putting people together, although . . . it was often a collision." --Karl
Beckson


Robert Kennedy. By Evan Thomas (S&S). In his magisterial new biography, Thomas
brilliantly paints the picture of a troubled yet earnest man . . . a man of
paradoxes. Kennedy was "childlike" yet "prematurely aged," "ruthless" yet "shy
and uncertain," . . . "inarticulate but urgent and sincere." --Thomas Sugrue


Royal Survivor: A Life of Charles II. By Stephen Coote (St. Martin's). He had
betrayed most principles, lied about practically everything. . . . And somehow,
he emerges from Coote's rich and complex tapestry of lies, religious nastiness,
sex and skulduggery an enormously likeable figure. --Diana McLellan


Seeing Mary Plain: A Life of Mary McCarthy. By Frances Kiernan (Norton). Kiernan
has done a wonderful thing here, invented a new form of gender-based,
mind-expanding biography. Seeing Mary Plain is to Mary McCarthy and women what
Richard Ellmann's James Joyce was to that author and to male-generated
literature. --Carolyn See


Sergio Leone. By Christopher Frayling (Faber and Faber). Anyone who cares for
these violent and poetic films will want to take a look at Frayling's
painstaking biography of their progenitor. Not only is it packed with useful
insights, but it also tangentially chronicles much of the postwar Italian film
industry. --MD


W.E.B. Du Bois. By David Levering Lewis (Holt). Lewis starts his marvelously
detailed narrative in the fall of 1919, when the country began to "cool off"
from the 25 major race riots that raged through the "Red Summer" of that
terrible year. Seventy-six black men and women had been lynched. --Michael R.
Winston


U.S. Politics


America Divided: The Civil War of the 1960s. By Maurice Isserman and Michael
Kazin (Oxford). Full of pointed injections of reality. After their non-studious
student radical days Isserman . . . focused on the Left, Kazin on conservative
movements. This is a knowing and highly readable narrative. --Evan Thomas


America's Forgotten Majority: Why the White Working Class Still Matters. By Ruy
Teixeira and Joel Rogers (Basic). Timely and trenchant. . . . The authors argue
that the media and the political community in general have talked too much about
boutique elements of the electorate while ignoring its core. --Ronald D. Elving


The Breach: Inside the Impeachment and Trial of William Jefferson Clinton. By
Peter Baker (Scribner). In a tour de force of reportorial diligence, Baker--a
Washington Post White House correspondent--reconstructs the in-house debate over
what the president should say to the nation after his testimony to the grand
jury. --Godfrey Hodgson


It Didn't Happen Here: Why Socialism Failed in the United States. By Seymour
Martin Lipset and Gary Marks (Norton). Read Lipset and Marks carefully enough
and you may find yourself thinking that a Third Way between collectivism and
individualism is prefigured well in the America that never took to socialism.
--Jim Sleeper


The Right Moment: Ronald Reagan's First Victory. By Matthew Dallek (Free). No
one had quite so dim a view of the conservative insurgency as California
governor Edmund "Pat" Brown. The antagonist of Dallek's gripping story, Brown
was broadsided by the 1960s and never quite understood what happened. --Thomas
Sugrue


Law, Crime, Enforcement


The Dragon Syndicates. By Martin Booth (Carroll & Graf). An enormous
contribution to clarifying our thinking. In painstaking detail, he describes the
origins, the men, the organization, the objectives, the means and the influence
of the triads, the secretive Chinese syndicates that have become a global
phenomenon. --James R. Lilley


Red Mafiya: How the Russian Mob Invaded America. By Robert I. Friedman (Little,
Brown). Through interviews with law enforcement officials and Russian mobsters
and research into classified intelligence reports, Friedman does a first-rate
job of showing why FBI Director Freeh has said that the Russian mob poses an
"immense" threat. --Peter H. Stone


The Unwanted Gaze: The Destruction of Privacy in America. By Jeffrey Rosen (RH).
In elegant and graceful prose, Rosen examines the technological, cultural and
legal ways in which our right and ability to keep our private lives private . .
. have, as a practical matter, ceased to exist. --Michael Mello


Business and the Economy


The Informant. By Kurt Eichenwald (Broadway). Eichenwald['s] suspenseful tale
introduces lying, embezzling ADM vice president Mark Whitacre, who wears an FBI
wire to prove that ADM and other giant companies fixed the price of lysine (a
feed additive used to fatten chickens) and citric acid. --Russell Mokhiber


Maestro: Greenspan's Fed and the American Boom. By Bob Woodward (S&S). Woodward
effectively [relates] Greenspan's gradual mastery of the sometimes Byzantine
course of institutional intrigue at the Fed. . .. Woodward is at his best when
he paints Greenspan as a Washington player. --Daniel Gross


When Genius Failed: The Rise and Fall of Long-Term Capital Management. By Roger
Lowenstein (RH). In some ways the ideal parable for the idiocy of markets.
Staffed by two Nobel-winning economists, founded by a Wall Street superstar, and
led by a fire-eating libertarian, Long-Term was a direct translation of the free
market faith at its most doctrinaire. --Thomas Frank


Foreign Affairs


Reflections on a Ravaged Century. By Robert Conquest (Norton). For all the
intellectual seriousness, even solemnity, of the issues discussed, this is one
of those increasingly rare and precious social science books. . . . One is loath
to skip even a line. --Leon Aron


Sale of the Century: Russia's Wild Ride from Communism to Capitalism. By
Chrystia Freeland (Crown Business). Freeland writes in a sprightly style . . .
she can be quite adroit at summing a person up with three quick adjectives, as
in this sketch of Yeltsin: "crude, mercurial, and intuitive." In her numerous
interviews she catches the reformers in the coils of their self-deception.
--Richard Lourie


Thunder From the East. By Nicholas D. Kristof and Sheryl WuDunn (Knopf). A
masterful job of describing Asia's anguish and ambition. Concentrating on China,
Japan, Thailand, Indonesia and South Korea, the authors deftly use stories of
hardship and pluck to illustrate the forces shaping Asia today. --Mark Weston


U.S. History


America's Library. By James Conaway (Yale). Among the book's many pleasures is a
refreshing freedom from the contemporary vice of Thomas Jefferson-bashing.
Conaway makes clear how important Jefferson was in the early history of the
Library of Congress. --Charles Monaghan


Inheriting the Revolution: The First Generation of Americans. By Joyce Appleby
(Harvard). Appleby documents, in precise and persuasive detail, the evolution
and elaboration of assumptions about what it is to be an American that we now
take completely for granted. --Jonathan Yardley


Our Vietnam. By A.J. Langguth (S&S). Moves adroitly from the confused scenes of
fighting inside Vietnam to the highest counsels of war in national capitals and
then back again to focus on scenes of individual courage and evil behavior. . .
. It is the best book yet on our perverse crusade to make Vietnam safe for
democracy. --Lloyd C. Gardner


Reflections in Black: A History of Black Photographers. By Deborah Willis
(Norton). Willis rewards readers with her diligent research, the culmination of
more than 25 years of work as a curator and author. Her text adds insight to the
photographs and is strongest in . . . the fascinating history of early
photographers. --Esther Iverem


World History


The Black Book of Communism. By Stephane Courtois et al. (Harvard). Werth's
excellent 235 pages on "cycles of violence" in the Soviet Union is the most
compelling section of the book. . . . [It] lays bare the roots of terror in the
earliest days of the Soviet regime. --Jeffrey Herf


A Concise History of the Crusades. By Thomas Madden (Rowman & Littlefield).
Intended as a brief overview of the entire phenomenon. In little more than 200
pages, in crystal-clear and economical prose, he does a superb job of
exposition. --James Reston Jr.


From Dawn to Decadence: 500 Years of Western Cultural Life. By Jacques Barzun
(Harper). Barzun is conversational, wise and rich in entertaining detail; he
restores color to faded memories of history and paints in the mural where bits
were missing. Yes, there is prejudice; but it is too frankly stated to be
insidious and too intelligent to be dull. --Sebastian Mallaby


One Palestine, Complete. By Tom Segev (Metropolitan). Indeed a book of pressing
relevance. The period it portrays, 1917-48, is when the violent struggle between
Jews and Palestinians took form. . . . an antidote to myths. --Gershom Gorenberg


One World Divisible: A Global History. By David Reynolds (Norton). He has an eye
for the shocking detail: In six months of fighting in 1971, 500,000 Bengalis
died in their war of secession from Pakistan. --Sebastian Mallaby


Military History


Cassidy's Run. By David Wise (RH). The [U.S.] data leaked to mislead the Soviets
instead helped them develop a super nerve gas called Novichok, which a Moscow
scientist told Wise is "eight, maybe ten times more toxic" than any . . . in the
U.S. arsenal. --Robert Sherrill


Deliver Us From Evil: Peacekeepers, Warlords and a World of Endless Conflict. By
William Shawcross (S&S). He demonstrates that, more often than not, the desire
of the U.N.'s powerful members to halt or contain conflicts and alleviate
suffering runs up against competing political, economic and strategic interests
that limit collective action. --Thomas W. Lippman


Flags of Our Fathers. By James Bradley with Ron Powers (Bantam). One of
Washington's premier landmarks . . . depicts six Marines . . . hoisting an
American flag on the island of Iwo Jima. Bradley's principal aim was to rescue
these forgotten boys--one of them his father. --Richard Harwood


MacArthur's War: Korea and the Undoing of an American Hero. By Stanley Weintraub
(Free). To Weintraub . . . blame for the debacle in the first months of fighting
falls squarely on MacArthur. . . . Weintraub paints a damning professional and
personal portrait. --Thomas H. Henriksen


Way Out There in the Blue: Reagan, Star Wars and the End of the Cold War. By
Frances FitzGerald (S&S). Sixty billion dollars and 17 years after Reagan
proposed a new system of defences to make ballistic missiles "impotent and
obsolete," we have, as FitzGerald reports in convincing detail, essentially
nothing to show for it. --Thomas Powers


Science and Technology


Betrayal of Trust. By Laurie Garrett (Hyperion). For those who shop early for
the holidays, [this] should be on your list. . . . a well-crafted and
meticulously documented treatise on global public health. --Charles van der
Horst


Einstein's Unfinished Symphony. By Marcia Bartusiak (Joseph Henry). Bartusiak
has never written a bad book, and [this] is her best yet. It deals with the most
startling consequence of the general theory of relativity: the prediction of
gravitational radiation, ripples in the fabric of space-time itself. --John
Gribbin


Genome. By Matt Ridley (Harper). Why are researchers already so confident that
decoding the genome will be a scientific watershed, a Rosetta Stone likely to
teach us what makes us human? Matt Ridley's marvelous new book goes a long way
toward answering that question. --Susan Okie (SO)


Human Natures. By Paul Ehrlich (Island Press). Ehrich lays out a richly detailed
history of human evolution (both biological and cultural), emphasizing how
environmental degradation, changes in farming practices and growth of human
societies have shaped human nature. --Mark Parascondola


Ingenious Pursuits. By Lisa Jardine (Doubleday). It was new technology--the
microscope, the vacuum pump, the telescope, the pendulum clock, the
spring-balance watch--that made possible the explosion of knowledge that took
place in the 17th and early 18th centuries. --Susan Okie


Jacobson's Organ: The Remarkable Nature of Smell. By Lyall Watson (Norton).
Great fun to read. The author does not restrict himself to biology but brings in
witnesses from linguistics, anthropology, history and literature. --John
Derbyshire


Lucifer's Legacy. By Frank Close (Oxford). Designed to prepare the reader for
pondering the Really Big Question of whether nature itself is inherently
asymmetrical at dimensions far smaller than the atom. That requires some
understanding of the history of 20th-century physics, which Close provides in a
brisk and engaging outline. --Curt Suplee


The Lying Stones of Marrakech. By Stephen Jay Gould (Harmony). The gems in this
collection are essays that consider how scientists' prejudices, pet theories and
mental habits determine what they see and learn. Gould . . . excels at exploring
how researchers of the past made their discoveries and what they missed. --Susan
Okie


The Mating Mind. By Geoffrey F. Miller (Doubleday). Describes how humans (as
well as great apes and peacocks) choose their sexual partners. Selecting mates
on the basis of a heritable characteristic (such as colorful feathers) molds the
progressive development of that characteristic in future generations. --Phyllis
Moen


The Monk in the Garden: The Lost and Found Genius of Gregor Mendel. By Robin
Marantz Henig (Houghton). We have libraries filled with works by and about
Darwin, but we have almost nothing on Mendel. . . . Her book is a loving tribute
to a man we will sadly never know much about, either as a person or a scientist.
--Michael Shermer


Nabokov's Blues. By Kurt Johnson and Steve Coates (Zoland). Some readers may
find themselves delving into the infinite complexity of these enthralling
creatures more deeply than they care to. . . . [it is] bound to charm and edify
anyone who loves Nabokov, natural history and, especially, butterflies. --Donald
Smith


The River: A Journey to the Source of HIV and AIDS. By Edward Hooper (Little,
Brown). This book should help us to understand that those who invite people to
participate in clinical trials today must be committed to entering into a full,
respectful partnership with both people and their communities. --Charles van der
Horst


Zero. By Charles Seife (Viking). Seife does a splendid job of unfolding . . .
systems developed by various cultures, such as the base-60 system of the
Babylonians (who brought us the 60-minute hour) and the magnificent zero
invented by the Maya, who were, alas, unknown in Europe. --Curt Suplee


Religion and Philosophy


How We Believe. By Michael Shermer (W.H. Freeman). Shermer tries to separate the
two realms, religion and science, by confining each one to its place, and by
offering some theories about why religion persists: the human storytelling
impulse, the connections of stories and myth to morals. . . --Michael Novak


Jew Vs. Jew. By Samuel G. Freedman (S&S). Freedman's tour de force of a final
chapter is his most persuasive. He writes that we are on the verge of a Jewish
reformation that will reshape the categories of Jewish life. --David Brooks


Judging Jehovah's Witnesses. By Shawn Francis Peters (Univ. of Kansas). The
Witnesses suffered grievously in the war fervor of the 1940s. Authorities and
mobs--often in cahoots--beat, harassed and boycotted Witnesses for alleged
subversion. By 1946, 4,000 Witnesses were in jail for refusing military service.
--Chrisopher D. Ringwald


Little Saint. By Hannah Green (RH). Green's story of the enrichment of her
Christian faith . . . is a profoundly evangelical work. It will be appreciated
by all those who nurture the suspicion that the musty modern world needs to have
its doors and windows opened to the wonders of transcendence. --George Weigel


Papal Sin. By Garry Wills (Doubleday). An extraordinary indictment of the Church
on the threshold of the third millenium--"broadside" would not be too strong a
word--and Wills has no qualms about charging the Church with . . . cavalier
disregard for the "truth." --Tad Szulc


Terror in the Mind of God. By Mark Juergensmeyer (Univ. of California). His
basic question is simple but profound: If religion is supposed to preach peace,
harmony and closeness to God, why does it frequently appear linked to deadly
violence? --Jonathan Groner


Essays and Literary Criticism


The Dons. By Noel Annan (Univ. of Chicago). Should provide night-table diversion
for anybody who has ever yearned for the dreaming spires of Oxford or Cambridge.
--Michael Dirda


How to Read and Why. By Harold Bloom (Scribner). High-handed as his curricular
pretensions may seem, there is a redeeming vein of humility in Bloom. The great
literary artist is . . . always greater than the great literary critic. --John
Sutherland


Shakespeare's Language. By Frank Kermode (FSG). In a study that exemplifies the
virtues we've long admired . . . Frank Kermode takes his cue from a statement .
. . by British theater director Sir Richard Eyre: "The life of the plays is in
the language, not alongside it or underneath it." --John F. Andrews


Music


The Life of Schubert. By Christopher H. Gibbs (Cambridge). As incredibly
productive as Schubert was (as many as 150 songs in a single year, more than a
thousand works, in various formats, without reaching his 32nd birthday), he made
time for an active social life. . . . One night of carousal in 1820 led to his
arrest.

--Richard Freed


Marian Anderson. By Allan Keller (Scribner). The woman who emerges from these
pages is shy, gracious, restrained and ultimately rather lonely, yet imbued with
the dignity and gentle modesty that sometimes accompany true greatness. --Tim
Page


Myself When I Am Real: The Life and Music of Charles Mingus. By Gene Santoro
(Oxford). Exhaustively reported, and as such provides the most thorough
examination yet of the important artist who is perhaps best described as an
American original. --Jabari Asim


Puccini. By Michele Girardi (Univ. of Chicago). This is no dry academic exercise
but a vivid and thoroughly credible representation of a fascinating career that
spanned and largely defined a remarkable era in the history of opera; it is
likely to remain definitive for a long time. --Richard Freed


Berlioz, Volumes One and Two. By David Cairns (Univ. of California). Cairn's
work is truly an epic, as large in design as his subject's "La Damnation de
Faust" or "Romeo et Juliette." --Sudip Bose


Movies, the Arts, Popular Culture


The Beatles Anthology. By the Beatles (Chronicle). What makes this oral history
of the band gripping is not only the documentation of their spectacular rise and
rancorous fall but the ample evidence that each Beatle was smart and self-aware
(yes, Ringo too). --Steve Futterman


Which Lie Did I Tell?: More Adventures in the Screen Trade. By William Goldman
(Pantheon). Aspirants and aficionados alike ought to be queuing up outside
bookstores all over America to lay hands on it. It's that good. --Carolyn Banks


Writing in the Dark, Dancing in the New Yorker. By Arlene Croce (FSG). Her
descriptions of Mikhail Baryshnikov, Suzanne Farrell . . . Ruolf Nureyev . . .
and many others record in a wholly appropriate way some of the most
beautiful--and ethereal--moments in the cultural history of the 20th century.
--Rick Whitaker


Sports


It's Not About the Bike. By Lance Armstrong with Sally Jenkins (Putnam). At a
time when the sport sections are dominated by overpaid thugs and bigoted
loudmouths, Armstrong is a down-to-earth athlete with a truly compelling story.
Only Tiger Woods comes close--and Tiger doesn't risk death during the U.S. Open.
--Bill Gifford


Past Time: Baseball as History. By Jules Tygiel (Oxford). Tygiel . . . writes
with predictable authority about the complex and still unresolved history of
race relations in the game, but his most provocative essays are discussions of
how it adjusted to the challenges of the Depression and World War II. --Jonathan
Yardley (JY)


How to Win at Golf Without Actually Playing Well. By Jon Winokur (Pantheon). As
witty a book as you're apt to find on any sport. . . . Winokur is not just
funny, he's devilishly funny. --John Greenya


Travel and Adventure


Barrow's Boys. By Fergus Fleming (Atlantic Monthly). A rollicking narrative. . .
. This book about the search for the Northwest Passage . . . credits the
underemployment of England's naval officers at the end of the Napoleonic Wars
for the surge in risky voyages. --Grace Lichtenstein


Chasing Che: A Motorcycle Journey. By Patrick Symmes (Vintage). His book is an
unusual ethnography in reverse. For once, the locals and the poor are left to be
themselves, and the gaze is turned instead to the travelers that fantasize about
them. --Edgardo Krebs


Ghosts of Cape Sabine: The Harrowing True Story of the Greely Expedition. By
Leonard F. Guttridge (Putnam). Moves with the pace and texture of a finely tuned
novel, deserves to become a classic in the literature of exploration. Reading
it, you can practically feel the chill. --Tom Chaffin


A Goose in Toulouse: Culinary Adventures in France. By Mort Rosenblum
(Hyperion). Like the Michelin chefs he visits on our behalf, Rosenblum has a
faultless sense of balance: Local color is always appropriately seasoned with
information. . . . We meet the predictable truffle hunter, butcher, provincial
restaurateur. But we also enter little-known worlds. --Nancy McKeon


Highlanders. By Yo'av Karny (FSG). An excellent--and exhaustive--study that
educates us about a region that is famously difficult for Westerners to
understand. But he does more than simply explain. . . . He makes his journey
into the Caucasus a personal one as well. --Laura Ciolkowski


In Siberia. By Colin Thubron (Harper). The land begins to possess the
author--not as with a typical travel writer, in the sense that he loves it but
in a far more sinister fashion. . . . Fellow travelers mistake him for a
down-at-heel Estonian. --Adam Goodheart


Sacred Monkey River. By Christopher Shaw (Norton). He takes us to the Usumacinta
River basin that separates Mexico and Guatemala, meandering through some of the
last untouched forest on the continent, alive with the broth of natural wonders
and political turmoil, in the form of the violent Zapatista rebellion. --Mark
London


True Summit: What Really Happened on the Legendary Ascent of Annapurna. By David
Roberts (S&S). Roberts . . . plumbed his own background as an outdoorsman and
summoned up the reading of his boyhood. . . . [this] is the informed work of a
man who is both climber and bookworm. --Dennis Drabelle


Nature and the Environment


The Astonishing Elephant. By Shana Alexander (RH). Her interest in the beast is
not just physical. Elephants, she muses in her introduction, are of "mystic
importance to man." --Ted Rose


Earth Rising. By Philip Shabecoff (Island). Shabecoff makes no bones about his
contempt for the environmental Cossacks who served in the Reagan administration
and in the 104th Congress. His story dives into the nuances of Washington
activism, backlash and bureaucratic sclerosis. --Chip Brown


A Fish Caught in Time: The Search for the Coelacanth. By Samantha Weinberg
(Harper). Given the coelacanth, we can never be wholly sure that Earth doesn't
harbor saber-toothed tigers or Loch Ness monsters or fairies at the bottom of
the garden. You just never know. --Michael Dirda (MD)


Hope Is the Thing With Feathers. By Christopher Cokinos (Tarcher/Putnam). Within
"the span of my life," writes Cokinos, "up to one-fifth of the species on this
ground, this planet, will likely be gone. It's as if we live in a house from
which, each hour, we remove a foundation stone, a joist, a rafter." --Elizabeth
Grossman


Tigers in the Snow. By Peter Mathiessen (North Point). Seeks to mobilize readers
against the impending extinction of what tiger specialist George Schaller calls
"one of the most beautiful and dramatic animals this world has ever known."
--Mark Hertsgaard


General Fiction


Afterburn. By Colin Harrison (FSG). There are great pleasures to be derived from
the plot itself--secrets that we never so much as begin to suspect, near misses,
and, yes, an ending that is enormously satisfying . . . extraordinary, maybe
even a masterpiece. --Carolyn Banks


All the Names. By Jose Saramago (Harcourt). From a Nobel laureate . . . a highly
enjoyable minor work. And what's not to like about that? Readers don't always
want to break out the ropes and pistons for a full-scale expedition up another
literary Alp. --MD


The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay. By Michael Chabon (RH). Chabon takes
us everywhere: to the back streets of Prague, the headquarters of the
Aryan-American league, a gay party, an Alaskan military outpost during the war.
. . . Ah, but there are so many good things in this novel. --MD


Anil's Ghost. By Michael Ondaatje (Knopf). Anil has not returned to Sri Lanka
since she left it to study abroad and her parents were killed in a car accident.
Now she is home but not of it; she has an invitation from the government but is
not sure whom to trust. --Shashi Tharoor


Being Dead. By Jim Crace (FSG). Crace is an extravagantly gifted writer unlike
anyone else I can think of, and his new book is a rare interweaving of writerly
panache and common human feeling. --John Crowley


The Blind Assassin. By Margaret Atwood (Doubleday). Manages to cover more than
100 years of Canadian history through the unfolding of one family's fortunes.
There are several mysteries, tales within tales . . . in short, the whole
novelistic rag-and-bone shop. --MD


Blonde. By Joyce Carol Oates (Ecco). Norma Jeane's secret myth, in fact, is an
utterly corny one: She is the Beggar Maid yearning to become the Fair Princess
who will one day be claimed by the Dark Prince. . . but Oates takes it, uses it
without sentimentality and makes it powerfully convincing. --Joyce Johnson


Blue Angel. By Francine Prose (Harper). Zingy literary entertainment, mixing
satire with an "American Beauty"-like account of a good man in over his head .
--MD


The Cabal and Other Stories. By Ellen Gilchrist (Little, Brown). Gilchrist is
uninterested in familiar kinds of poetic justice and resolution. Everyone gets
socked by fate and circumstance, and human strategies can't control the
unpredictable forces of nature. --Jana Kollias


Chaos Theory. By Gary Krist (RH). It can be read as a thriller, and as such it
reads quite well, but it is also about larger subjects: the complex interaction
between the city of Washington and the suburbs that surround it . . . the
fragile balance of relations between blacks and whites. --JY


Conditions of Faith. By Alex Miller (Scribner). This is an amazing book. The
reader can't help but offer up a prayerful thank-you: Thank you, God, that human
beings still have the audacity to write like this. --Carolyn See (CS)


The Color of Summer. By Reinaldo Arenas (Viking). The novel is a work of savage
satire . . . a vituperative, blasphemous, demonic book that incinerates a host
of icons--the Pope, Christ, Fidel Castro and Garcia Marquez are among the
figures it lampoons with feral glee. --Jaime Manrique


Dream Stuff. By David Malouf (Pantheon). The heightened, near hallucinatory
clarity of Malouf's prose is well suited to describing dreams (and dreamlike
events) and portraying character with profound psychological depth. --Greg
Varner


Dressing Up for the Carnival. By Carol Shields (Viking). Along with being an
important work, Dressing Up for the Carnival is an endlessly levitating
entertainment. --Abby Frucht


Eduard's Homecoming. By Peter Schneider (FSG). Years before the Wall came down,
Eduard, a biologist, had fled Berlin's claustrophobia for California's sun and
sprawl. He is drawn back into the city's orbit, in the 1990s, by an unexpected
bequest: He has inherited an apartment building in East Berlin. --Adam Kirsch


The Feast of Love. By Charles Baxter (Pantheon). He has created a world not very
different from one of those panoramic town scenes of Bruegel or Stanley
Spencer--each character fully realized yet part of the larger whole--that one
does not so much look at as step into. --Robert Clark


The Fiction of Leroi Jones/Amiri Baraka. (Lawrence Hill). As this welcome
collection makes clear, Baraka is above all a master synthesist, expertly mixing
Black Mountain School experiments with form, boisterous Beat iconoclasms,
post-bop riffs and the obsessive sifting of his own personal struggles. --Jabari
Asim (JA)


Fierce Invalids from Hot Climates. By Tom Robbins (Bantam). From its title's
opening riff, on loan from Rimbaud, to its last parrot-call in Bangkok, Tom
Robbins's new novel revels in eye-popping contrast. --Richard Grant


The Fifth Elephant. By Terry Pratchett (Harper). Trying to summarize the plot of
a Pratchett novel is like describing "Hamlet" as a play about a troubled guy
with an Oedipus complex and a murderous uncle. . . . You've got to read this
book! --Barbara Mertz


Fortune's Rocks. By Anita Shreve (Little, Brown). We follow the author as she
constructs a sexual affair--which will soon turn into a "great" and
all-encompassing "love"--between Olympia and . . . John Haskell, a married man
in his middle forties with four children. --CS


A Friend of the Earth. By T.C. Boyle (Viking). The menu for Los Angeles circa
2025 [is] the setting of T.C. Boyle's enticingly gruesome eighth novel . . . In
Boyle's fiction, the fastest way to understand a society's heart is to look at
its stomach. --Lisa Zeidner


The Gates of the Alamo. By Stephen Harrigan (Knopf). It comes as no surprise
that a gifted Texas writer such as Stephen Harrigan has returned to his
touchstone to tell a riveting new story, in much the same way that writers have
so often returned to the story of Creation. --Ron Franscell


Gertrude and Claudius. By John Updike (Knopf). [Updike] has used prose fiction
to put stage drama at a distance . . . Indeed, for most of its short and
well-toned length, Gertrude and Claudius is also "Hamlet" without direct
allusion to Shakespeare. --Katherine Duncan-Jones


Grievance. By K.C. Constantine (Mysterious). No way at all that a few hundred
words are going to do justice to this deeply affecting novel. And I do mean
novel--not mystery, whodunit, police procedural, thriller or any of the other
code-words we use to slot a book into the genre ghetto. --MD


A Hole In the Earth. By Robert Bausch (Harcourt). Its strengths lie in its
depiction of the disparities between what men know and what they feel, between
their sense of duty and their desires, and the ambiguous distances that arise
between intention and act, the baffling imperatives that seem to drive men's
lives. --Robert Clark


House of Leaves. By Mark Z. Danielewski (Pantheon). Danielewski's achievement
lies in . . . using his impressive erudition to recover the mythological and
psychological origins of horror, and then enlisting a full array of avant-garde
literary techniques to reinvigorate a genre. --Steven Moore


How the Dead Live. By Will Self (Grove). Verges on a kind of loony surrealism .
. . Self is wonderful at creating an afterlife that is both drab and hilarious.
It is full of crummy neighborhoods, dull people and mind-numbing jobs the dead
do to keep themselves in cigarette money. --Jonathan Carroll


The Human Stain. By Philip Roth (Houghton). Some of these set pieces are
stunning: The long second chapter of the book, revealing the true history of
Coleman Silk, is as brilliant as anything Roth has ever written. --James Hynes


If I Told You Once. By Judy Budnitz (Picador). Combining folk tale, haunting
evocations, hallucinations and dreams, this wildly imaginative epic explodes the
boundaries between reality and fantasy. . . . the book contains stories within
stories, like a series of Russian dolls. --Lelia Ruckenstein


In America. By Susan Sontag (FSG). Panoramic, reaching from the drawing rooms in
Krakow to deserts in California with so many compelling stops in between that
the narrative arc becomes an arcade. The scope of the tale is vast, and there is
largesse in the telling, the sheer happiness of art. --Richard Lourie


In the Gloaming. By Alice Elliott Dark (S&S). Effective, and affecting. Much of
Dark's territory--an East Coast WASP enclave called Wynnemoor--may be John
Cheeverville, but Dark's soft-pedaled juxtaposition of comfortable existences
with nasty surprises recalls Rachel Ingalls, or a mild-mannered Roald Dahl.
--Kevin Allman


An Invisible Sign of My Own. By Aimee Bender (Doubleday). This novel is light as
a zephyr and unique as a snowflake. It's like a fairy tale, only it's not; it's
like reality, only it's not; there's not a "believable" thing in it really, but
everything in it rings absolutely true. --CS


The Last Samurai. By Helen DeWitt (Talk Miramax). The novel is self-consciously
experimental--[it] will crown DeWitt this year's It Girl of postmodernism--but
then the best art often is to some degree. DeWitt is formidably intelligent but
engagingly witty . . . she is a joy to read. --Steven Moore


Laura. By Larry Watson (Pocket). In its hard-won affirmation of the resilience
of family love in the face of the darker forces of human nature, [this] is a
beautifully realized work of fiction by a courageous and clear-eyed writer.
--Howard Frank Mosher


Lieutenant-Colonel de Maumort. By Roger Martin du Gard (Knopf). [The novel] is
so well-wrought that it doesn't seem outlandish to hope that with its
publication Martin du Gard will finally receive his due in the English-speaking
world. --Dennis Drabelle


Madame. By Antoni Libera (FSG). Replete with erudition, subdued humor and
sorrowful political satire, an aria to all things French, as well as an almost
courtly love story and a paean to the power of art--what more can one ask of a
novel? Stendhal himself would have loved [it]. --MD


Make Believe. By Joanna Scott (Little, Brown). As the novel opens, in the
moments just after a car crash, 3-year-old Bo Templin hangs upside-down,
suspended by his seat belt, trying to puzzle out where he is and why. . . .
Scott's writing soars: It's elegant, rich and completely spellbinding. --Deborah
Sussman Susser


The Married Man. By Edmund White (Knopf). Myriad enticements--a convincing love
story, a winning portrait of gay Paris in the 1980s, a satire of American
university life, a semi-autobiographical portrait of the artist, an unsparing
AIDS chronicle--but above all it displays a masterly command of tone. --MD


Marrying the Mistress. By Joanna Trollope (Viking). This is not a story of
"love" or "lust" between two characters. It's the author's contention that
unless we find ourselves to be childless orphans living alone in furnished rooms
pursuing lives of utter celibacy, whatever we do impinges totally on other
people. --CS


Mr. Phillips. By John Lanchester (Putnam). The ideal reader should be past 35,
well read, thoughtful about life's purposes, appreciative of a certain stylistic
severity, sympathetic to the male preoccupation with women's bodies and, not
least, endowed with a real liking for deadpan humor. --MD


Morgan's Run. By Colleen McCullough (S&S). McCullough really shines at
scene-setting . . . . She may not be able to produce a credible hero to save her
life . . . but she can conjure up a tavern or courtroom scene or the below-decks
hell of a convict ship in all its grainy, teeming, Hogarthian detail.
--Elizabeth Ward


Mummy's Legs. By Kate Bingham (S&S). To say that she writes prose like a poet is
not quite, or not simply, to say that her prose is poetic . . . but also to note
her scrupulous fidelity to the image, the precision of her language and the
pressure she brings to bear on homely details. --Greg Varner


The Natural Order of Things. By Antonio Lobo Antunes (Grove). A saga of two
families told in a series of hallucinatory interior monologues, some comic, some
tragic, all lyrical. --Michael Mewshaw


The New City. By Stephen Amidon (Doubleday). Stands as a kind of modern-day
"Othello," a powerful and perceptive novel about an ideal of racial harmony
"killed by a single malignant drop of suspicion." --Gary Krist


O.K. By Paul West (Scribner). This novel, his 19th, affirms again that he's
deserving of plaudits, the whole works. It's sassy, erudite and so on-target for
a shoot-'em up. --Nicholas Flokos


Only Yesterday. By S.Y. Agnon (Princeton). This is a work so rich and allusive,
so real and yet so strange, that despite its exalted place in the canon of the
20th century's major artists, it's not surprising that no one had undertaken
until now the formidable challenge of translating it [from Hebrew] into English.
--Tova Reich


Pagan Babies. By Elmore Leonard (Delacorte). On the one hand, it is a spoof
bordering on slapstick of penny-ante crooks, drifters at the margins of
conventional society and tinhorn mobsters. On the other hand, it gives us a man
who goes off to a foreign land to do one thing and ends up doing quite another.
--JY


The Plato Papers. By Peter Ackroyd (Doubleday). To me the particular stylistic
triumph of Ackroyd's book lies in its perfect emulation of the diction found in
English versions of Plato's dialogues--simple, clear and noble, with a
philosophic calm suffusing every sentence. --MD


Plowing the Dark. By Richard Powers (FSG). Powers knows the field as thoroughly
as if he had been working for Microsoft for the past 10 years. --Steven Moore


Portrait of an Artist As an Old Man. By Joseph Heller (S&S). A fascinating look
at the creative life of one of the most important writers of American postwar
literature. For even though the work is billed as a novel, it is as confessional
as Heller's two previous memoirs. --Steven Moore


Prodigal Summer. By Barbara Kingsolver (Harper). This lush, bountiful,
opinionated new [book] is a novel of social conscience, pitting the traditional
farm ethic that insists the Creator gave us this land to milk, milk as we see
fit, against an environmentalist outlook, a science-based approach that
ultimately reveals a supporting layer of mysticism. -- Daniel Woodrell


The Royal Family. By William T. Vollman (Viking). Frequently as funny as a primo
Lenny Bruce routine yet spiked with poignant dramatic crises and frustrated love
affairs, bounded on either end by impossible yet necessary quests, Wiiliam
Vollman's funky, salivary, spermatic, bloody, tearful novel successfully
illustrates his total artistic committment to embracing raunchy, sacred life in
all its holy infamy. --Paul Di Filippo


Shadows of Glory. By Owen Parry (Morrow). Parry's common soldier is the
immensely likable Welshman Abel Jones, a major in the U.S. Army who has recently
returned from the front lines of the [Civil] war. When rumors spread about a
potential insurrection among the Irish immigrants of upstate New York . . . he
is dispatched to investigate. --Sudip Bose


The Tale of Murasaki. By Liza Dalby (Doubleday). Rings so true . . . that one is
inclined to indulge Dalby in all she has dreamed or imagined: the personalities
of Murasaki's family and her elderly husband, Nobutaka; the circumstances of her
courtship . . . her passionate friendships with other women; her retirement from
the world at the end of her improbably brief life. -- Elizabeth Ward


A Trip to the Stars. By Nicholas Christopher (Dial). Most of these characters,
and others of similar single-mindedness, live in the fantastical Hotel Canopus
in the desert outside Las Vegas. --Susan Dooley


Vertigo. By W.G. Sebald (New Directions). Sebald is extremely--how shall I say
it?--European and this, the first of his memoir-novels, demands a liking for
digressive travel writing and somber reminiscence. --MD


Waiting. By Ha Jin (Pantheon). Poignant, the first work of Jin's to elicit a
wide range of responses from the reader rather than simple horror or rueful
amusement. More subtle and complex than his earlier fiction, it is his best work
to date, a moving meditation on the effects of time upon love. --Gregory Feeley


Where I'm Bound. By Allen B. Ballard (S&S). [A] rousing Civil War novel . . . in
clear, strong prose, Ballard gives us a searching look at the immmense efforts
to end slavery undertaken by the African-American men who fought with the Union
army, knowing that their cause gave the war true meaning. --William S. McFeely


Wild Decembers. By Edna O'Brien (Houghton). The story proceeds toward a climax
that is as inevitable as the love that grows between Breege and Mick. It is
Irish to the quick, violent and sad and, in a strange way, beautiful. Just like
the novel itself. --JY


Winter Range. By Claire Davis (Picador). She's . . . found her special effects
in the insanely beautiful and trying landscape of eastern Montana. Her task is
to make all that seem like just another version of our mysterious American
reality, and she succeeds in that admirably. --Carolyn See (CS)


With Your Crooked Heart. By Helen Dunmore (Atlantic Monthly). Dunmore's smashing
new novel . . . tells the story of two criminal brothers and the woman whose
undying love for both of them leads to tragedy and murder. --Georgia Jones-Davis


Wyoming. By Barry Gifford (Arcade). The novel's 34 vignettes sketch the bare
outlines of Roy and Kitty, abandoned in Florida by an absent father with
apparent mob ties. . . the talk is keen and occasionally deeply poetic. --Ron
Franscell



Short Stories

Anthropology. By Dan Rhodes (RH). Each story is 101 words long. Although
Rhodes's gimmick may sound like those mathematical experiments favored by
Georges Perec and other writers associated with France's Oulipo group, his
fiction more closely resembles the sardonic monologues of stand-up comedians.
--Jabari Asim (JA)


The Bridegroom. By Ha Jin (Pantheon). The real charm . . . comes from the
realization that his characters--living in China's unattractive Muji City, not
far from the ugly industrial center of Harbin--are stuck in lives very much like
ours. --CS


Don't Tell Anyone. By Frederick Busch (Norton). My favorite piece is "A Handbook
for Spies." Willie Bernstein is an English instructor in the '60s. He is dodging
the draft and trying to figure out who he is, so hapless that he doesn't even
know that his instructor status is itself a draft deferment. --David Guy


More Stories From My Father's Court. By Isaac Bashevis Singer (FSG). Many of
them read like the newspaper sketches they were--colorful, slight, occasionally
humorous pieces. But a number are more substantial, using a child's naive
perspective to cast serious doubts on the basic principles of his Jewish world.
--Adam Kirsch


The Quick and the Dead. By Joy Williams (Knopf). [A] masterful short story
writer with a mordant eye for extreme situations steeped in everyday realism . .
. [this book] showcases Williams's economical hand at character development and
deft command of constantly shifting points of view. --Lisa Tuttle


The Rose Garden. By Maeve Brennan (Counterpoint). Brennan's prose is crisp,
clear, deceptively simple, full of vivid descriptions of persons and places.
--Nina King


The Sagas of Icelanders. Ed. by Jane Smiley, et al. (Viking). Blunt, grim,
fatalistic and forever cognizant of a desperate struggle for life against death,
these sagas will not be to everybody's taste. But those who take to The Saga of
Icelanders will likely never forget them. --Tim Page



First Novels

Bee Season. By Myla Goldberg (Doubleday). Goldberg has a particular story to
tell, but she's simply too restless, too curious an observer, to train her lens
in one direction. Characters keep nudging each other in and out of the
spotlight. . . . --Louis Bayard


Diamond Dogs. By Alan Watt (Little, Brown). The plot hangs on a single moment,
when Neil, party-wary and more than half drunk, speeds home with his lights
off--and "accidentally" hits one of the very geeks he had been teasing.
--Sanford Pinsker


Drowning Ruth. By Christina Schwarz (Doubleday). Schwarz pays meticulous
attention to her characters, but . . . the stars of her book are the beautifully
imagined lake in summer and winter, the desolate farmhouse . . . the schools of
dead fish that fetch up against the lake shore when a murder is about to occur.
--CS


Like Normal People. By Karen E. Bender (Houghton). This graceful and beguiling
first novel centers on an extended family and its complicated dynamics. At the
core of these dynamics, the troubling, erratic star of the galaxy, is Lena, who
is "mildly mentally retarded." She is also lively, enterprising and very funny.
--Roxana Robinson


Lost. By Lucy Wadham (Carroll & Graf). When a young widow took her two sons for
a vacation on the Mediterranean island where her husband grew up, little did she
imagine that the paradise of her imagination would turn into an overheated,
intrigue-riddled dystopia of the sort that certain Graham Greene novels once
explored. --Sanford Pinsker


Lost Geography. By Charlotte Bacon (FSG). In the rural wildness of Saskatchewan,
Margaret Evans, a young country nurse, finds herself alone when a desperately
sick man stumbles in through her door. He's quite beautiful and from somewhere
else entirely . . . a lovely, intellectually ambitious story. --CS


Money, Love. By Brad Barkley (Norton). Readers who hear echoes of Huck Finn's
adventures along the Mississippi shore towns will not be wrong. The result is a
novel filled to the brim with fall-down funny scenes and vividly etched,
unforgettable characters. --Sanford Pinsker


The Question of Bruno. By Aleksandar Hermon (Doubleday). Hermon's brilliant and
explosive debut is an example precisely of the power of words to capture
harrowing experience--in this case, the Balkan conflict set against a larger
backdrop of 20th-century bloodshed. --Laura Winters


The Romantics. By Pankaj Mishra (RH). This supple first novel offers continual
evidence of the quick intelligence behind it. Mishra's humanity and emotional
clarity are rare in so young a writer. But it is his prose that is so winning.
--Marie Arana


White Teeth. By Zadie Smith (RH). Like a postmodern Charles Dickens, she has a
flair for facial features, dress, dialogue, accents and human frailty. Her rich
storytelling and wicked wit are suited to the sights and smells of the world
that England has inherited. --Esther Iverem



Historical Novels

Been Here and Gone. By David Dalton (Morrow). Coley Williams, a 102-year-old
bluesman, has seen it all, and he tells it in style. He is the fictional
narrator of David Dalton's painstaking and passionate recreation of the life of
blues in America. --Juliet Wittman


Come Twilight. By Chelsea Quinn Yarbro (Tor). A bewitching tale. Once again,
Saint-Germain does not disappoint in his amazing devices and disguises. And once
again, avid readers of the series have cause to hope that he will never know
true death. --Brian Jacomb


The Golden Age. By Gore Vidal (Broadway). Seen up close, the political scene of
any age teems with human motives, conflicts, collusions and betrayals. The
principal charm . . . is its up-close view of American national politics in the
years of war and upheaval between 1939 and 1954. --Roderick MacLeish


The Heartsong of Charging Elk. By James Welch (Doubleday). Welch turns tradition
on its head. It is not the indigenous people who are visited by colonists here.
He sends Charging Elk, an Oglala Sioux, off to France with Buffalo Bill's Wild
West show in 1889. . . . [but he] falls ill and is separated from the company in
Marseille. With no knowledge of the language or people, he is truly a stranger
in a strange land. --Daniel McMahon


Jane Austen's Charlotte. By Julia Barrett (M. Evans). Barrett develops these
characters with the same sharp eye, sympathy and wit that Austen brought to
their creation. Any transition between the one writer and the other appears
seamless, the style consistent, the later insights pithy and appropriately
barbed. --Linda Barrett Osborne


Ladysmith. By Giles Fodden (Knopf). This is a highly accomplished historical
novel, superbly researched, rendered with skill and confidence. It dramatizes
the slow descent of the besieged town under a constant hail of Boer bombs into
near-primitiveness. --Neil Gordon


Master of the Crossroads. By Madison Smartt Bell (Pantheon). In 1995, Bell gave
us the much-praised All Souls' Rising, the first in a projected trilogy about
the revolution and about Toussaint Louverture, the enigmatic former slave who
led the first uprisings in 1791. . . . This is even grander than its predecessor
and an even greater achievement. --Sudip Bose


Nowhere Else on Earth. By Josephine Humphreys (Viking). An extravagant gift to
the lovers of language: Along with telling a grand story, Humphreys writes a
beautiful sentence. Word by perfect word, she has distilled to a splendid
coherence the complexities of history and the human heart. --Susan Dodd


A Tinker's Damn. By Darryl Wimberley (MacMurray & Beck). Lafayette County, Fla.,
was once paradise on Earth. At least that's the impression one gets from Carter
Buchanan, the protagonist of Wimberley's enthralling new novel. In [it], Carter
recalls growing up in the Sunshine State in the late 1920s. --Jabari Asim


Two Moons. By Thomas Mallon (Pantheon). Cynthia allows herself to be drawn into
the orbit of the powerful and corrupt Roscoe Conkling, "The War God," the
powerful and corrupt senator from New York . . . whom she first glimpses on her
astrologer's doorstep. --Katherine Weber


Wainewright the Poisoner. By Andrew Motion (Knopf). There are really two fine
books here, the fancied autobiography and the documentary history, serially
chasing each other throughout the length of this volume. It's a detective story
cum confession. It may also be the first Gothic nonfiction novel. --Michael
Olmert


The Years With Laura Diaz. By Carlos Fuentes (FSG). Each chapter is labeled with
the year in which the action occurs, so there is a clear progression from
beginning of century to end. . . . Fuentes composes a tale from within the head
of Laura, whose fascinating version of events will long be remembered in the
literature of Mexico. --Rudolfo Anaya



Suspense

The Bear and the Dragon. By Tom Clancy (Putnam). When China attempts to
destabilize Russia in order to invade Siberia and seize its precious gold and
oil reserves, the proverbial crisis hits the ventilator . . . suffice to say
that those who like heart-stopping action in their thrillers will not be
disappointed. --Carlo D'Este


Big Ugly. By William Weld (S&S). Mullally is a unique and totally refreshing
protagonist . . . "Wrongdoing," he admits without rationalization, "is
exciting," and Mullally has done just about all of it, up to and including the
murder of his partner. --Allen Barra


Birdman. By Mo Hayder (Doubleday). A frightening book. Its details are
horrifying, and in the last 50 pages, as the conclusion is acted out before us,
we can scarcely breathe because of their cumulative effect. --Carolyn Banks


Hot Springs. By Stephen Hunter (S&S). The book represents the kind of
first-rate, straight-up action novel that traditionally used to be available for
male readers at the start of the summer, but that a recent lamentable genteel
trend in publishing has made rare then or any other time. --David Morrell


The Last Precinct. By Patricia Cornwell (Putnam). That Kay! What a gal! The only
bad things that haven't happened to her in her life are dyslexia and mumps.
She's pushing 50, her sister can't stand her, her mother is "difficult" and her
lover has recently been murdered . . . --CS


Lying With the Enemy. By Tim Binding (Carroll & Graf). A great place for a
murder, and at a great time: the small island of Guernsey, the only part of the
British Isles to have been occupied by German troops. The novel begins after the
Battle of Stalingrad, which marked the turning of the Nazi tide. --AB


Magic Terror. By Peter Straub (RH). [Straub] is one of the few fin-de-siecle
writers whose stories can stand alongside the works by 20th-century masters of
the macabre such as King, Robert Aickman, Shirley Jackson and Edith Wharton.
--Elizabeth Hand


Mouth to Mouth. By Michael Kimball (Avon). The writing is taut, at times almost
beautiful, as Kimball paints the scenery for what should have been an idyllic
summer but has become, instead, a horrific death-watch, full of foreboding.
--John Greenya


Rough Draft. By James W. Hall (St. Martin's). It's alternately funny and moving
and scary--not an easy combo for any writer, but Hall manages to pull it off.
This is a thoroughly satisfying thriller. --Carolyn BanksB


Shame the Devil. By George P. Pelecanos (Little, Brown). A retelling of the 1997
Starbucks murders. Instead of coffeeshop employees shot dead by a robber,
workers are murdered in 1995 when a heist at a pizza joint (and gambling front)
goes bad. --Rob Pegoraro


Sins of the Brother. By Mike Stewart (Putnam). The atmosphere is down-home
Alabama, and Stewart has all the details right, from the tony Mobile law office
his hero, Tom McInnes leaves . . . to small-town life in Cooper's Bend, where
Tom's brother, a drug dealer, is murdered. --Allen Barra


Void Moon. By Michael Connelly (Little, Brown). A suspenseful cat-and-mouse game
between a spunky heroine--we learn, in time, that Cassie had a high-minded
reason for returning to crime--and a sadistic killer who is not without his own
fascination. --Patrick Anderson



Mysteries

Atom. By Steve Aylett (Four Walls Eight Windows). If Raymond Chandler had gulped
a handful of hallucinogens before sitting down to write a whodunit, something
like Atom would likely have resulted. --Jabari Asim (JA)


Blood Country. By Mary Logue (Walker). After Claire's husband is killed in front
of their house . . . Claire leaves her job as a policewoman and finds refuge in
the quiet of Fort St. Antoine, a small town nestled in the limestone bluffs of
Wisconsin. But that life, too, is disrupted by violence large and small. --Paul
Skenazy (PS)


Blood Rain. By Michael Dibdin (Pantheon). In the final paragraph of this superb
novel, all of Zen's assumptions about the case he's been working on--as well as
his expectations for his own future--are reduced to rubble. --Maureen Corrigan
(MC)


Blue Deer Thaw. By Jaime Harrison (Hyperion). This is fine writing, whether the
subject is Etruscan erotica, the bone-chilling Montana cold or hangovers. Once
again, Harrison has given us a wonderful portrait of a town and its residents.
--PS


Deep South. By Nevada Barr (Putnam). Pigeon arrives at her new post along
Mississippi's Natchez Trace Parkway just in time for the prom-night murder on
federal property of a high-school girl. --Richard Lipez (RL)


Do or Die. By Grace F. Edwards (Doubleday). Like its predecessors . . . a quick,
enjoyable read--well written, well plotted and engrossing throughout. My only
problem with Edward's series is she doesn't write them fast enough. --JA


Driving Lessons. By Ed McBain (Carroll & Graf). The flesh, as always in a McBain
novel, is his recounting of the slow, tedious, seemingly inefficient progress of
police detection, from the process of identifying the body . . . to the problem
of how to account for a glass of cola found in the car. Add some cunning folds .
. . and you've got an unassuming little gem of a tale. --PS


Ellipsis. By Stephen Greenleaf (Scribner). Greenleaf is as good with a sentence
as he is with twisting these stories around and through each other. The
intricate tale convincingly joins the death threats and bomb with [San Francisco
private eye John] Tanner's private world. --PS


The Empty Chair. By Jeffrey Deaver (S&S). Avoids the one-surprise-too-many
syndrome and offers up the very best of Deaver, thanks to a plot that emphasizes
human motive over cloak-and-dagger twists. --Katy Munger (KM)


Half Moon Street. By Anne Perry (Ballantine). Perry's main meat is social
change, and in [her latest Victorian potboiler] she does her usual deft job of
illustrating how it can unhinge some people criminally. --RL


He Shall Thunder in the Sky. By Elizabeth Peters (Morrow). Peters is surely the
grand dame of historical mysteries. Her latest offering is the 12th Peabody
story, and each of them offers a complex plot . . . that takes the reader on a
ride that steadily builds to a brilliant climax of long-kept secrets revealed.
--Marthe Arends


The Hook. By Donald Westlake (Mysterious). What saves [it] is its expert and
merciless lampooning of modern, corporatized book publishing, which is only
incidentally about writing and reading and far more about marketing and
"product." --RL


Hot Six. By Janet Evanovich (St. Martin's). There's something ultimately winning
about Evanovich's style: She's like the Milton Berle of mystery writers. She'll
do just about anything--verbal pratfalls, snappy one-liners, zit jokes--to get a
reader to laugh. --MC


The Last King of Texas. By Rick Riordan (Bantam). Although [this] offers up some
of the more popular conventions of today's P.I. series--breezy asides, a violent
sidekick, a hero who takes a licking and keeps on ticking--Riordan combines
deeper emotional subcurrents with nonstop action. --KM

Little Miss Evil. By Lev Raphael (Walker). Nick finds himself attracted to a
woman for the first time in his life, and not just to any woman; she's a
flamboyant, leopard-skin clad, va-va-voom of a babe. --KM


The Missing Words. By Margot Livesey (Knopf). People drink a lot of tea in [this
book], and it is the sort of old-fashioned tale that Maugham would have
admired--its thrills are understated, delicious and not to be missed. --Patrick
Anderson


Moment of Truth. By Lisa Scottoline (Harper). Scottoline is actually much better
than Grisham: wittier, not so lardy, more ready, in the absence of Proustian
layers of personal or social detail and fresh insights into human existence, to
get to the point. --RL


The Night Listener. By Armistead Maupin (Harper). Takes Hitchcock one step
further, building a literary house of mirrors, window-dressing it as a mystery
and leaving the reader guessing from the second page. --Kevin Allman


Perish Twice. By Robert B. Parker (Putnam). A plot rife with radical feminists,
lesbian alliances, prostitutions, rescues by ex-husbands and all sorts of red
flags to readers sensitive to the credentials of this most macho of authors. The
hell of it is, the book works. --KM


Purple Cane Road. By James Lee Burke (Doubleday). Carmouche, the unlikable man
in charge of electrocutions in Louisiana, was hacked to death in his kitchen,
supposedly by a neighbor woman, Letty Labiche, in revenge for his years of
molesting her and her twin sister. Letty is to be executed in three weeks unless
new evidence appears or there is a reprieve from the governor. --PS


A Rag, a Bone and a Hank of Hair. By Jonathan Gash (Viking). Much of the
pleasure . . . comes from the bountiful lore on antiques. In this entry in the
series, we get a short history of porcelain, as well as the background of the
word "patina," which originally meant "a flattish dish used in the Eucharist."
--RL


The Remorseful Day. By Colin Dexter (Crown). Chief Inspector Strange presses
[Inspector] Morse to investigate. He's on leave and reluctant to become involved
after Yvonne Harrison is discovered nude, tied to the bedposts and stabbed to
death in her home. --RL


Scavenger. By Tom Savage (Dutton). This is prime cat-and-mouse storytelling,
written with clean elegance rather than prurient excess. Even the paragraphs
devoted to the murderer's mind are elevated above the ordinary, thanks to the
author's stylish touch. --KM


The Sibyl in Her Grave. By Sarah Caudwell (Delacorte). The first of the novel's
three corpses is that of a newcomer to the village, Isabella del Camino. She was
an apparently successful clairvoyant and "psychic counselor" and a person of
uncommon bad taste. --Nina King


Smoke Eaters. By Christine Andreae (Minotaur). Filled with agreeably complicated
characters and "an extreme adventure" storyline--a gargantuan forest fire that
threatens all the flora, fauna, and foolhardy humans . . . in its path. --MC


The Sugar House. By Laura Lippman (Morrow). Lippman's ability to provide a solid
and entertaining mystery enriched by larger insights is well illustrated [in
this book], which finds resilient reporter-turned P.I. Tess Monaghan
investigating the year-old murder of an unknown girl. --KM


The Whole Truth. By Nancy Pickard (Pocket). Marie Lightfoot . . . is covering
the trial of Raymond Raintree, a diminutive, repulsive man about to be convicted
of the brutal killing of a young girl and the removal of her pineal gland in a
gruesome postmortem operation. --PS



Science Fiction


Dark Matter. Ed. by Sheree R. Thomas (Warner). Includes fiction by Samuel R.
Delany and Octavia E. Butler--the two best-known black American sf writers--and
most of the few other established genre figures. But it also expands along other
axes . . . nobody interested in speculative fiction or black literature should
pass it up. --Gregory Feeley


Eater. By Gregory Benford (AvonEos). Powered by a black hole at its center, the
Eater consists of an intricate web of gravitic and electromagnetic forces.
Tenuous yet unimaginably powerful, ultra-intelligent yet utterly ammoral, the
Eater has plans for Earth that might be best summarized by the word "harvest."
--Paul Di Filippo (PDF)


Galveston. By Sean Stewart (Ace). Josh is the most unpleasant protagonist since
Brom Hellstrom, the almost pathologically unlikeable anti-hero of Samuel
Delany's classic Triton (and I mean that as a compliment). --Elizabeth Hand


Manifold: Time. By Stephen Baxter (Ballantine/Del Ray). He's one of the more
important sf writers to emerge in the 1990s, and readers who don't mind
pessimistic sf will find [this] to be a very good book. --Martin Morse Wooster
(MMW)


Starfire. By Charles Sheffield (Bantam Spectra). It's 2053, and remnants of the
Alpha Centauri explosion are once again headed towards Earth. Can Earth
military--and its space station, Sky City--manage to save the planet?"

--MMW


Vanishing Acts. By Ellen Datlow (Tor). Ironic that Datlow's splendid new
original anthology . . . is organized around the theme of extinction, since the
format itself is endangered . . . A damn shame, since a volume like Vanishing
Acts can do so much. --PDF



Poetry

American Poetry: The Twentieth Century. (Library of America). If ever something
was made to put a stop to all discussion of the only work you would want to have
with you on a desert island, it is this two-volume set. --Thomas M. Disch


Pastoral. By Carl Phillips (Graywolf). What some might hear as fussiness in his
construction is to my ear a kind of rapture with language; he seems genuinely
intent on reimagining the whole world from his own careful articulated Eden.
--Rafael Campo






LOAD-DATE: December 03, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              886 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 10, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

A Martyr Of Auschwitz

SECTION: Section 6; Page 86, Column 4; Magazine Desk

LENGTH: 164 words


It appears to me that Susanne Batzdorff misunderstands the concept of martyrdom.
Martyrdom is not the desire to die. Rather it is the belief that there is
something more important even than one's own life, to wit, one's convictions,
one's principles or what one perceives to be the truth.

Sister Teresa Benedicta refused to abandon her sister to save her own life,
though the evidence demonstrates she did everything in her power to avert both
of their deaths. Courage, true courage, is the preparedness to risk all that one
loves, above all, one's own life, for a greater good. How much greater was
Sister Teresa's courage that she voluntarily faced death while joyously
embracing life?

It was just this kind of courage, and, yes, perhaps even martyrdom, that led to
the establishment of the state of Israel. Why then is Ms. Batzdorff prepared to
belittle Sister Teresa's sacrifice and thereby to deny to her the reward she so
richly deserves?
BONNIE C. BRENNAN
  Brooklyn

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              887 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                             March 30, 2014 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Richard Layritz also helped beautify Victoria

BYLINE: Penny Stevens, Times Colonist

SECTION: COMMENT; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 266 words

DATELINE: Victoria


Re: "Victoria's parks benefited from Herb Warren's passion," March 16.

While I do not wish to belittle the contributions of Herb Warren to Victoria's
horticultural splendour, I feel compelled to raise awareness about the
importance of an earlier pioneer, Richard Emil Layritz, whose local legacy lives
on in the form of many flowering boulevard trees in downtown Victoria.

Layritz arrived in Victoria in the late 1880s with just enough money to put a
downpayment on 10 acres on Wilkinson Road. He started his nursery business, but
after a few years the local economy was crippled by a smallpox epidemic,
followed by the collapse of the Point Ellice Bridge, so Layritz followed the
Klondike gold rush. He returned after a year with enough savings to pay off his
debts and buy more land on Ash Road in Gordon Head.

During the early 1900s, hard work paid off, and Layritz developed a thriving
business in growing and shipping nursery products. Known worldwide, he shipped
more than 300 different varieties of rhododendrons throughout the United States.
His roses helped develop the "rose city" of Portland, and his fruit-tree stock
helped establish the Okanagan fruit industry. Layritz's spring flowering trees
lined the fledgling city of Victoria, and many still stand today.

Toward the end of his life, Layritz and later his wife, donated 15 acres for the
purpose of creating Little League Baseball diamonds. If you visit the wonderful
fields at Layritz Park, just off Wilkinson Road, take a moment to acknowledge
the efforts and legacy of this hard-working pioneer and entrepreneur.

Penny Stevens

Victoria

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Times Colonist
                              All Rights Reserved


                              888 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                             March 29, 2011 Tuesday

Non-believers belittle Leafs Nation;
For some Torontonians, nothing's more fun than mocking team's futility

BYLINE: Chloé Fedio Toronto Star

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S4

LENGTH: 550 words


Daniel D'Aloisio is a lifelong Torontonian but he cheers for the Montreal
Canadiens - and he says his 2-year-old son will, too.

"My brother-in-law bought him a Leafs baby outfit and I said, 'That's going to
stay in the box. That's not going to go on him.' I refused to have that on him.
My son is a winner - not a loser," D'Aloisio said.

The Leafs used to be winners - the team has brought the Stanley Cup home 13
times - but this season will mark the 44th year of championship drought.

While Leafs Nation holds on to the futile hope that their team can inch up to
eighth place, another group of hockey fans plans to celebrate the club's sixth
consecutive season without a playoff berth.

"They're such a garbage organization. They don't deserve to make the playoffs,"
said D'Aloisio, who was born and raised in Etobicoke. "I see them as a joke. You
have to be over 50 to remember when the Leafs won a Cup. I'm surprised the city
is not up in arms."

Phillip Spackman has been a Detroit Red Wings fan all his 29 years, even though
he grew up in Caledon, just north of Toronto.

"It's easy to make fun of the Leafs," Spackman said. Like anyone born after
1967, he's never seen the Leafs win a Stanley Cup. Spackman welcomes Toronto's
absence from the playoffs if it means more Detroit fans.

"I think a lot of fans are disenfranchised with the Leafs and they jump teams
come playoff time," Spackman said. "It's kind of a running joke."

How does Henry Kisiel feel about the Leafs?

"I hope their plane crashes tonight. Does that sum it up?" he said.

Kisiel has been living in Toronto for 16 years but his allegiance lies with his
hometown team, the Canadiens. He sits in the Habs section at Schuey's Bar Grill
in Etobicoke - Leafs fans have their own section, too - and looks forward to a
Toronto-free playoffs.

"I'll probably buy all the Leafs fans at the bar skunk beer," Kisiel said. "I'm
happy they're not going to make the playoffs. I'm not surprised, though."

Toronto-born Rob Boast used to cheer for the Leafs - "I didn't know any better"
- but now he loves to see them lose. The 51-year-old bet a friend a home-cooked
meal that the Leafs wouldn't make the playoffs. Boast is as confident as his
name - he promised another friend $10,000 if the Leafs win the Cup this year.
(He just gets $100 if they don't win.)

Toronto is seven points behind the Buffalo Sabres for the eighth and final
playoff berth in the Eastern Conference. With six games to go in the regular
season, the Leafs still have a mathematical chance but naysayers on Twitter hold
little hope Toronto will beat Buffalo on Tuesday night.

"Can't wait for (Tuesday) night's Leafs game. Gonna bring my waffles haha,"
wrote @cyfawcett.

"Does Toronto even have an NHL team?" wrote @leakyrelando

"Being a Leafs fan is good for you. Every spring you're allowed to have a good
long cry in public," wrote @chriscorrigan.

"Toronto citizens who have long waited for a Stanley Cup, emotionally divorce
yourself from the Maple Leafs - you'll be happier," wrote @kalofagas.

Jack Cruz moved to Toronto from Windsor 30 years ago but said he'll never be a
Leafs fan. Still, he said the playoff void is disappointing.

"The mood of the city goes with its hockey team and since I'm an upbeat,
positive kind of guy, the constant nonsense from the Leafs is ridiculous," Cruz
said.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Toronto's Phillip Spackman is fiercely loyal to the Wings and Danforth
Ave.'s Detroit Eatery, also below. "It's easy to make fun of the Leafs," he
says. STEVE RUSSELL/TORONTO STAR STEVE RUSSELL/TORONTO STAR

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2011 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              889 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            August 11, 2007 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

What My Father the Rabbi Saw in Nixon

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 240 words


To the Editor:

Frank Rich (''Patriots Who Love the Troops to Death,'' column, Aug. 5) chose to
belittle the efforts of my father, Rabbi Baruch Korff, with a simplistic
supposition that reflects neither the depth nor the significance of his
motivation.

Dedicated to guaranteeing Israel's right to exist, my father saw in President
Richard M. Nixon an ally who, at the onset of the Yom Kippur War, countered Arab
attacks by creating emergency financial and military supply lines to Israel,
despite the fact that Arab nations were imposing an international oil embargo
and some of America's closest allies refused to facilitate America's arms
shipments.

Nixon's decision was a defining moment in Israel's survival. Nixon continued to
stand by Israel as the Soviet- and Arab-dominated United Nations enacted its
Zionism equals racism resolution.

My father's allegiance extended beyond President Nixon to the presidency itself;
he wrote in 1974 that a sustained campaign of defamation against the chief
executive erodes the foundations of our political system. The assault against
the office of the president has transcended ordinary partisanship to tear at the
fabric of our nation's political life.

Let's hope that Mr. Rich's efforts to discredit one man's commitment to defend
that in which he believes does not diminish the will of others to defend their
beliefs or to stand with our leaders in crisis.  Zamira Korff

Boston, Aug. 9, 2007

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              890 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             April 10, 2005 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

The "St. Terri' Nonsense

BYLINE: J. KELLY LANGE

SECTION: COMMENTARY; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 500 words


By J. KELLY LANGE

"Saint Theresa Schiavo?" was the heading of Cal Thomas' April 3 commentary in
The Tampa Tribune. Calling Schiavo "St. Terri" is about as ridiculous as calling
Rodney King a civil rights icon.

In his column, Thomas, a conservative commentator/analyst for the Fox News
Channel, willfully belittles the reverence that Catholics hold for their saints.
To him, it is permissible to disparage the worthiness of historic Catholics
figures as long as it promotes his viewpoint.

Under normal circumstances, such deceitfulness would be appalling, but with the
death of the Holy Father, his words are unconscionable.

Though the protocol used to decide sainthood is somewhat mysterious, there are
nonetheless some publicly understood guidelines. And, interestingly enough, no
Republican nor member of the Moral Majority (which is neither) was called upon
to establish the standards.

To paraphrase Catholic text, there are several official steps to sainthood:

The first requires that the candidate be long deceased.

Step two is to be deemed "venerable," which recognizes that the deceased person
lived a heroic and virtuous life.

The next step is to be recognized as "blessed" and therefore beatified. This
step requires one miracle, acquired through an individual's intercession, in
addition to personal attributes of charity and heroic virtue.

Finally, two more provable miracles are necessary to be declared a canonized
saint.

Another avenue -- the one Thomas was dubiously steering toward -- involves a
candidate considered as a martyr, one who willingly died for his or her faith in
Jesus Christ. In this case a miracle is not required.

With all due respect to Terri Schiavo, who by all accounts was a wonderful human
being, dying after 15 years on artificial life support hardly constitutes
martyrdom.

Apparently not satisfied with mocking 1.5 billion Catholics, Thomas stumbles
along in a stupor and berates the American judicial system for, of all things,
upholding the law. He does so by stating that Terri Schiavo was "condemned to
death by federal courts that refused to intervene to save her life."

Somebody give this guy a cup of coffee, and when he sobers up, explain to him
that she was condemned to die either by the God he so easily evokes, as a direct
result of her own eating disorder, or through the alleged medical malpractice
that left her in a vegetative state.

As for the courts, most Americans believe they performed exactly as our Founding
Fathers expected them to, even in the face of indisputable abuses of power and
lunacy.

In the wake of Schiavo's death, I feel certain of two things. First, that both
the Holy Father and Schiavo have gone on to a better place, a place beyond the
mayhem and where circus-type buffoonery is never, ever allowed. And second, that
being brain-dead is contagious, though mainly on the right.

J. Kelly Lange is a Tampa writer and business consultant.

Copyright © 2005, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: OTHER VIEWS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2005 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              891 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   October 6, 1998, Tuesday, JOURNAL EDITION

German court may try Le Pen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11a

LENGTH: 637 words


The European Parliament voted today to lift the immunity of France's National
Front leader Jean-Marie Le Pen so a German court can try him for calling the
Holocaust ''a detail'' of history. The European Union assembly, meeting in
Strasbourg, France, voted 420-20 to lift Le Pen's parliamentary immunity, with
six abstentions. The request came from prosecutors in Munich in April, after the
far-right leader told a news conference ''the gas chambers were a detail in the
history of the Second World War.''

An article of the German criminal code makes it an offense to belittle the
Holocaust. If tried and convicted, Le Pen could face up to five years in prison.
In a speech to the Parliament before the vote, Le Pen said a decision against
him would be an attack on his right to free speech. He said his comments had not
denied or minimized the Holocaust and had been distorted by the Munich
prosecutors. THE AMERICAS Lobbying intensifies for cutting tax burden Canada
should cut its personal income tax take by 20 percent over the next seven years
to reduce the brain drain that has seen many top graduates leave for the United
States, the country's most influential business lobby says. The Business Council
on National Issues, which represents 150 chief executives from Canada's largest
corporations, said the high and rising tax burden was hurting the country's
competitiveness and reducing economic growth. Finance Minister Paul Martin has
signaled his intention to cut personal taxes next year and lobbying is
intensifying. MIDDLE EAST Albright, Netanyahu hold talks on accord U.S.
Secretary of State Madeleine Albright held more than two hours of inconclusive
talks today with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on prospects for a
West Bank accord with the Palestinians. There was no report of progress, and a
senior Israeli official, David Bar-Ilan, said Yasser Arafat's Palestinian
Authority had done nothing in the runup to a planned Washington summit this
month to rout terrorists on land under its control. ASIA High court acquits
Marcos in graft case The Philippine Supreme Court acquitted former first lady
Imelda Marcos of corruption today, saving her from a 12-year jail term and
overturning the only case in which she had been found guilty of graft during her
late husband's rule. The court ruled 8-5, with one judge abstaining, to acquit
the widow of former President Ferdinand Marcos. Imelda Marcos, 69, and her late
husband have been accused of stealing billions of dollars during his presidency.
They were ousted in a 1986 ''people power'' revolt, and Ferdinand Marcos died
three years later in exile in Hawaii. Britain, China pledge more cooperation
China and Britain declared a comprehensive partnership today, opening a new
chapter in relations after the smooth handover of Hong Kong 15 months ago. After
talks today between British Prime Minister Tony Blair and Chinese Premier Zhu
Rongji, the two governments pledged to increase cooperation across the board ---
from environmental protection to closer ties between their militaries. Blair is
the first British prime minister to visit China in seven years. Mubarak seeks to
defuse crisis Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak pressed ahead today on his
diplomatic mission to avoid a military confrontation between neighbors Turkey
and Syria over Kurdish rebels. Despite calls for calm from its neighbors, Turkey
has kept up its tough rhetoric, accusing Damascus of supporting the rebels that
have been fighting for autonomy in southeast Turkey for more than a decade.
Mubarak arrived today in Ankara and met with Turkish President Suleyman Demirel.
Turkey has reportedly sent 10,000 troops to its border with Syria, and
newspapers have speculated that its forces could raid rebel camps in the
Syrian-controlled Bekaa Valley of Lebanon.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Final

GRAPHIC: Photo :
 France's National Front leader Jean-Marie Le Pen shows scorn today
 after the European Parliament voted to lift his immunity. He called Nazi
 gas chambers "a detail" of history. / CHRISTIAN LUTZ / Associated Press

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                              892 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    January 4, 1996, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

FULL HOUSE FOR GAMES;
N. Korea accepts Olympic invitation;
 International rivalry: IOC belittles Jimmy Carter's efforts to get reclusive
nation to Atlanta.

BYLINE: Melissa Turner; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: FOREIGN OLYMPICS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 415 words


With North Korea's belated acceptance Wednesday, each of the 197 nations invited
by the IOC has agreed to bring teams to the Atlanta Olympics ensuring an
historic 100 percent turnout.

The acceptance came in a letter to IOC President Juan Antonio Samaranch from the
president of the North Korean national Olympic committee, Myong Chol Park.

North Korea's acceptance marks the first time in the post-war era that all
nations affiliated with the IOC have agreed to compete in the Olympics.

North Korea and Afghanistan had been the only countries failing to reply by the
original Nov. 15 deadline. Afghanistan sent its acceptance last month, a delay
attributed by the IOC to "communications problems."

But nothing had been heard from North Korea. Former President Jimmy Carter
intervened in December with a letter to North Korean leader Kim Jong-il.

Samaranch had contacted the North Korean Olympic committee several days later to
renew the invitation.

At the time, the IOC said Carter had not been asked to intercede and had no
authority to invite countries to the Games. But officials also said they would
welcome a team from North Korea, no matter who brought them to the table.

Now both Carter and the IOC are taking credit for ensuring that a full
contingent of teams is present at the Atlanta Games.

North Korea boycotted the 1984 and 1988 Olympics but competed at the 1992
Barcelona Games, which had the previous record turnout of 169 countries.

The IOC was quick Wednesday to say that it was Samaranch's efforts that the
North Koreans were responding to, not Carter's.

"They replied to the letter sent by the IOC president," said Fekrou Kidane, IOC
director of international cooperation."How can Carter invite an Olympic
committee to the Olympic Games? We have our own way to deal with it."

But Carter Center officials contended that the former president's efforts
"reopened the lines of communication between the North Koreans and the IOC."

Carter spokeswoman Carrie Harmon said Carter was traveling and had not
personally received word that the North Koreans had accepted the invitation. She
also said that Carter had encouraged North Korean government officials to
"respond to the IOC through the proper channels."

The Olympic community once branded Carter as a pariah, when as president he led
a U.S. boycott of the 1980 Moscow Olympics to protest the Soviet invasion of
Afghanistan.

Kidane said the North Koreans apologized for the delay.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              893 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   July 7, 1993, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

LETTERS FROM READERS

SECTION: ST. CHARLES; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 699 words


Landfill Study (REST) In a study prepared by Thomas J. Aley, dated Jan. 18, at
the request of the St. Charles County Commission, he summarized a 20-page report
of his study of the proposed landfill site and of St. Peters' application for a
permit by stating: "1. The site is hydrologically unsuited to use as a sanitary
landfill because of the volume of leachate which would be created, the presence
of an adjacent active quarry and the presence of karst development in the
limestone units exposed in the upper portions of the quarry pit.  2. The
applicant has failed to characterize groundwater flow directions in the vicinity
of the landfill and to indicate how they will change with the placement of the
proposed side liner and with activities and conditions in the adjacent active
quarry.  3. The applicant has not demonstrated to a reasonable degree of
scientific certainty that the proposed leachate traction system will function as
designed.  4. The applicant has not designed an adequate groundwater monitoring
system.  5. The applicant has not demonstrated to a reasonable degree of
scientific certainty that the specified daily cover materials in concert with
the gas and odor collection system will function in a manner capable of
preventing appreciable escape of landfill gases and odors and the potential
creation of a public nuisance.  6. The application is not compatible with modern
landfill requirements and the provisions of the EPA regulations promulgated on
Oct. 9, 1991." While St. Peters Alderman Jack Hunt, at a recent board meeting,
tried to belittle Aley's credibility by commenting that he was only a
hydrologist, the truth is that he is a hydrogeologist with 27 years of
professional experience in groundwater and surface water hydrology, pollution
control investigation and land management issues particularly in soluble rock
areas.  In trying to determine if there would be migration of contaminated
liquids known as leachate into the groundwater around a landfill site, obviously
the person who could best make this determination would be someone who
understands both underground water systems and the geology of a given area.  As
stated in his resume, Aley has done site investigations and in some instances
given testimony regarding 21 municipal landfill sites in Arkansas, Missouri,
Wisconsin and Alabama pertaining to site suitability and probability of
groundwater contamination.  Even though the members of the St. Peters Board of
Aldermen have chosen to dismiss Aley's work with a wave of their hands, the
final decision makers at the Missouri Department of Natural Resources apparently
gave credence to his work when they chose to deny St. Peters a landfill permit.
When Aley's report, together with his resume, which includes a listing of
numerous publications written by him and awards received by him in his field,
were presented to the aldermen, they chose to ignore or make sarcastic jokes
regarding his credentials rather than accept his work for what it is, that of an
expert and a professional.  Norrea Tushaus St. Charles Landfill Debate Over the
past four years, Penny Bennett and her Hate St. Peters group of four to five
people have written many letters and sent them to newspapers; some were just
copies of old letters.  Anyone can take excerpts from letters by the Department
of Natural Resources (DNR) and come up with a good argument, but it all comes
down to the DNR typing up a press release and a permit for the landfill at the
quarry. The department had decided the permit should be issued, or the press
release and permit would not have been typed up.  David Shorr is the director,
and he took it on his shoulders to reject it because of funding to his
department. The quarry had been approved twice before by DNR for a landfill
site.  Bennett always attacks Mayor Tom Brown. Brown has been a good mayor. Just
look how St. Peters has prospered and still cut taxes. I can't say enough good
things about Brown for all the long hours he has put in on city business.  Brown
has always pushed for aggressive construction projects like the RecPlex. Any
city would be fortunate to have Tom Brown as its mayor.  Donald Aytes St. Peters

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: LETTERS

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              894 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           November 23, 1992, Monday

POLITICS Senate race an omen of worse to come?

BYLINE: By Tom Baxterpolitics; elections; congress; georgia; opinion

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Section B; Page 2

LENGTH: 566 words


There is a Moby Dick and Captain Ahab quality to the contest that will be
decided Tuesday between Wyche Fowler and Paul Coverdell. In defiance of all the
new Camelot talk, this race has erased the smiley- face afterglow of the recent
election and replaced it with a dark question mark: Is this what our politics is
turning into?

The Nov. 3 election seemed to have an uplifting quality about it, in part
because Bill Clinton withstood a more withering personal attack than Michael
Dukakis, and because of Ross Perot's efforts to keep the campaign on the issues.
But throughout this year, sober voices have pointed out that politics overall
steadily continues to grow nastier. And here, rising from the waves like the
undying white whale, is a race that proves them right.

What we have observed in the runoff is another step in the rise of Bozo
Politics: a process that insidiously belittles all those who participate in it
and makes the job they are striving for not worth having.

Fowler and Coverdell both have courtly, unoffending manners, and do not seem at
all likely candidates for a race as raw as this has turned out to be. But Bozo
Politics does that. When a race comes to hinge solely on who can make the other
look worse, everybody's going to look pretty bad.

Whoever wins Tuesday will take office with the uneasy realization that the
crucial margin was made up of people who voted for him not because they like
him, but because they want him to be beholden to them. Even for the most
politically ambitious, that has got to be a pretty grim prospect.

That will be so no matter who wins, because neither Fowler nor Coverdell has
wasted much time trying to build a thorough case for why they should be elected.
There has simply been too much name-calling to do.

Bozo Politics is mean, but it isn't smart. Asked in the WAGA-TV debate what he
could do to fix the economy that his opponent couldn't, Fowler managed to answer
the question without making the rather obvious point that he would be a Democrat
on the Budget Committee. Being a big deal in Washington doesn't play these days,
so neither of these candidates - one an incumbent senator, the other the former
director of the Peace Corps - makes much of what they might only recently have
boasted of.

Richard Russell and Walter George were not quite the marble saints that
posterity has made them, but either of them would have blanched at the
back-to-back debates on Atlanta television Sunday night. It was not only that
both debates lapsed at times into pure name-calling, but the degree to which the
nastiness crept into every question, from notch babies to gun control.

It would be one thing if this were a tough race about ideas, which it could be.
There is enough distance between Fowler and Coverdell to have a real argument
about how the country ought to be run. But you will search in vain for
ideological purity in this race.

Fowler's best line Sunday night may have been when he said people had voted "to
get rid of just what you've heard this last half-hour." They did - but getting
rid of it is going to take more than one vote. Both candidates in this race have
been guilty of a style of politics that focuses on the marginal, the personal
and the past, at the expense of the essential, the universal and the future.
This has not been an uplifting race, but it may be a timely warning of worse to
come.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH923330186

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              895 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           September 15, 2006 Friday

Cartoon in poor taste

SECTION: PUBLIC FORUM; Opinion

LENGTH: 182 words


Including a cartoon that not only advocates killing Muslims but also attempts to
belittle Islam simply highlights the poor taste of the Salt Lake Tribune
editorial board.

Like all major religions, Islam is divided into several sects and divisions,
although there are not nearly as many sects/divisions as seen in Christianity.
The diagram (depicted in the cartoon) represents a gross misunderstanding of
Islam by linking such groups as Hamas and Hezbollah as legitimate
sects/divisions of Islam. Many of the sects listed represent political
organizations and are not different religious groups. This would be like
including groups such as the Ku Klux Klan on a chart of Christianity.

Attempting to link terrorist organizations such as al-Qaida to legitimate
Islamic schools of thought represents an indirect attempt to incriminate over 1
billion people in the world.

If The Salt Lake Tribune is truly interested in promoting peace and freedom in
America and the world, it should begin by conveying the truth rather than by
instigating hate and promoting misunderstanding.

Irfan Galaria

Salt Lake City

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              896 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          September 19, 2007 Wednesday
                                Regional Edition

A Voting Test for the High Court

BYLINE: Richard L. Hasen

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A23

LENGTH: 844 words


At a private conference next Monday, the Supreme Court will consider whether to
hear a challenge to Indiana's new law requiring voters to show photographic
identification at the polls. The court should take the case, both to correct a
troubling partisan divide among lower-court judges over the constitutionality of
such laws and to reject a pernicious opinion by  federal Judge Richard A. Posner
that belittles the right to vote.

It is no secret that a partisan divide over election administration has emerged
since the 2000 Florida debacle. Republican state legislators push for laws that
they say will prevent voter fraud, and Democratic legislators push for laws they
say will prevent voter intimidation and remove barriers to voting. Every state
legislature that has passed a voter identification law since 2000 has done so
along party lines.

Less well known is that a partisan divide has also emerged in the courts. The
Michigan Supreme Court, for example, recently voted 5 to 2 to uphold that
state's voter identification law, with all five Republican justices voting to
uphold and both Democrats concluding that the law is unconstitutional.

That vote came on the heels of the decision by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the
7th Circuit regarding  the Indiana law. Democrats and the American Civil
Liberties Union argued that Indiana's law, passed by the state's
Republican-controlled legislature, would have a disparate impact on the poor and
minorities, who are least likely to have proper voter identification or to be
able to afford the documentation (such as a certified copy of a birth
certificate) necessary to procure it. Although the law allows someone to file an
"indigency affidavit" in lieu of producing ID, the process is burdensome. A poor
voter in Gary, for example, would have to cast a provisional ballot at a polling
place, then make a 30-minute car trip within 10 days to file an affidavit in the
county seat. There's no public transportation or government subsidy available to
help the voter get there.

Indiana  has conceded that there have been no cases in state  history of voter
impersonation  that an ID law would have prevented. While there is a history of
voter fraud through absentee ballots, such ballots -- often favored by
Republicans -- were not covered by the new law.

A three-judge panel of the 7th Circuit split: The two Republican-appointed
judges voted to uphold the law and the one Democratic appointee dissented. When
the entire 7th Circuit considered whether to rehear the case, the court again
split, almost perfectly along party lines.

Judge Posner's majority opinion declared the benefits of voting "elusive," given
the small chance that one could cast a decisive ballot in an election, and he
analogized voter fraud to the crime of "littering." He did not discuss at all
the burdens the law placed on indigent voters. Posner did not care that Indiana
produced no evidence of voter fraud by impersonation. He said such fraud
occurred in other states but failed to support this claim with any evidence. And
a federal district court in Georgia relied on Posner's opinion in ruling Sept. 6
that the state did not need to produce any evidence of voter fraud to justify
its new voter ID law.

Posner regarded it as important that the plaintiffs did not produce any voters
who claimed to be disenfranchised by the law. Plaintiffs did submit a report
from a political scientist showing that such disenfranchisement would occur, but
they were denied the chance to prove the claim in a trial.

I don't believe that the judicial partisan divide reflects a conscious attempt
by judges to benefit their political parties. Rather, judges come to these cases
with the same partisan worldviews as the rest of us about the credibility of
voter fraud and vote-suppression claims.

By hearing the Indiana case, the Supreme Court can help lower courts escape this
divide by providing clear guidance on how to balance competing claims about
voter fraud and disenfranchisement. The court can also use the case to reaffirm
the importance of the right to vote. The justices should hold that in the
absence of evidence of actual impersonation fraud or serious potential for fraud
at the polls, states cannot pass voter ID laws that place onerous burdens on the
poor or anyone else.  If states want to require ID, they must pay all the costs
of a voter identification program and accommodate those who cannot obtain
necessary supporting documents through no fault of their own.

Many accused the Supreme Court of partisanship in deciding Bush v. Gore, and
some voting rights advocates fear that the court could make things worse if it
takes the Indiana case. Perhaps, but this case gives the court the opportunity
to prove that when it comes to issues of election administration, it is ready to
stand up for the right recognized in Bush v. Gore to be free of "arbitrary and
disparate treatment" in the administration of elections.

Richard L. Hasen, a professor at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles, writes a blog
on election law at http://electionlawblog.org.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              897 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             April 16, 2007 Monday

Athletic directors hear Duke speaker

BYLINE: Deseret Morning News sports staff

LENGTH: 1021 words


The state's high school athletic directors gathered in St. George this past
weekend to discuss a number of issues facing administrators and coaches.

As part of the 27th Annual UIAAA State Conference, Dr. Greg Dale, PHD in
psychology and the sports psychologist for Duke University, spoke to the group
about being effective leaders.

"Do you motivate people or do you inspire people?" Dr. Dale asked in his
presentation on leadership. "Motivation is short-term and requires constant
effort."

On the other hand, inspiration allows others to buy into your vision and they
will do what you ask because they have confidence in you.

"People have to follow willingly," he said. "Leadership is really about
capturing people's hearts."

He offered them seven characteristics of effective leaders and asked them to
assess whether they possessed these attributes and whether or not their coaches
did as well. The characteristics were: character, competency, commitment,
caring, confidence building, communicator, and consistent.

When it comes to building confidence he said leaders understand that "people
don't make mistakes on purpose. Avoid making criticism personal."

"When you belittle and embarrass, you're destroying the one thing you're
depending on when the going gets tough and that's their pride," he said.

PAYSON PICKS COACHES: Payson High School officials stayed in-house in hiring a
new head football coach and went out of house to find a new head girls
basketball coach.

Jared Woolstenhulme, a four-year assistant under former head coach Colby Knight,
will take over the Lions football program. Woolstenhulme, a graduate of Cyprus
High and Utah State University, coached Payson's defensive line for one year and
has been the offensive line coach for the past three seasons.

Woolstenhulme said the Lions will still use the Jet offense, which is a Wing-T
based offense, and a 3-4 attacking defense that looks for big plays and tries to
force turnovers. Woolstenhulme said he'll emphasize academics, fitness,
commitment and discipline.

"Good coaches should have the ability and knowledge to switch offensive and
defensive strategies based on the personnel of the team," Woolstenhulme said.
"They should have a well thought out offensive game plan with strategies in
place well before the start of each season."

Tara Swift, an assistant at Timpanogos High last season, will take the helm of
Payson's girls basketball program. Swift graduated from Lakota West High in West
Chester, Ohio and she earned a degree in exercise science and health education
from Brigham Young University.

"Ms. Swift comes highly recommended and has been part of the coaching staff for
several developmental programs at BYU and at Lakota West High School in Ohio. We
are pleased to welcome Ms. Swift to our staff," Payson vice-principal Ben Ford
said.

ANOTHER HONOR: Provo's Chris Collinsworth, this year's Deseret Morning News 4A
boys basketball MVP, was recently named the Gatorade Utah Boys Basketball Player
of the Year.

Collinsworth, whose signed with BYU, averaged 16.6 points this year to help lead
Provo to the 4A state championship. Collinsworth also maintains a 3.7 GPA.

SOFTBALL STANDOUT COMMITS: Bear River senior pitcher Erica Park committed to
play softball for Salt Lake Community College. Park is an honor student,
standout in volleyball and basketball, as well as a four-year starter for the
softball team.

HOOPSTER HEADS EAST: Ogden basketball standout Cha Jung will play for Otero
Junior College in La Junta, Colo., next fall. The three-sport athlete said she's
looking forward to continuing her basketball career in college.

"It'll be fun," Jung said. "I'm excited."

SAN DIEGO BOUND: West Jordan tight end Brock Christensen recently committed to
play football for the University of San Diego.

MAUGHAN HEADED FOR BOISE: Murray High volleyball standout Sadie Maughan signed a
letter of intent on Friday to play volleyball at Boise State University.

The 6-foot-4 middle blocker averaged 11 kills and five blocks during her senior
season.

"Sadie Maughan is a great unknown," said Boise coach Robin Davis. "We are so
excited to have her at Boise State. I think she has the potential to play right
away in the middle for us. What I like most about her is the athletic
intelligence she possesses."

HOOVER HITS A MILESTONE: The Cottonwood baseball team went 3-1 and won the
consolation bracket of the prestigious Phil Nevin Baseball Classic in Fullerton,
Calif. The tournament featured three of last year's top-10 high school teams in
the country. The Colts' 3-1 victory over Mater Dei High School of Santa Ana,
Calif., gave coach Jon Hoover No. 500 in his coaching career.

"I have just been blessed with some great kids over the years," said the state's
all-time winningest baseball coach. "I think one characteristic of all my teams
is that they were all willing to work hard and they had a goal in mind and went
after it." Games of the week

SOFTBALL: Weber (4-1, 7-2) at Layton (5-0, 11-1): Two top offensive teams meet
in one of the state's most competitive regions.

SOFTBALL: Grand (7-0, 11-1) at Manti (7-0, 9-5): Double-header pits 2A's top
teams against each other in region play.

BASEBALL: Timpanogos (9-2) at Lone Peak (9-5), today: The winner could share
first place at the end of the day, while the loser could drop to last.

BASEBALL: Murray (9-3) at Cottonwood (8-3), Tuesday: Two of the top-5 teams in
4A meet for the inside track to the top of Region 6.

BASEBALL: Juan Diego (12-4) at Carbon (10-3), Tuesday: It is still early, but
the Region 8 title may be up for grabs in this one.

BASEBALL: Gunnison (14-3) at San Juan(7-7), Friday: A doubleheader between the
two teams that met in the 2A championship last year.

SOCCER: Alta (2-5-1) at Jordan (7-2): Huge animosity exists between these
neighbors and traditionally-strong soccer programs.

SOCCER: Rowland Hall (8-0) at St. Joseph (6-4): Top-ranked Rowland Hall faces
two stiff tests against the Jayhawks this week.

SOCCER: Roy (6-4) at Bonneville (5-3-2): Grudge match will mean much more than
bragging rights for the first time in years. Contributing:Amy Donaldson, Mike
Black, James Edward and Jim Rayburn

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              898 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                   April 1, 2005 Friday MORNING FINAL EDITION

NO LACK OF BLAME IN DONOVAN DEBACLE;
POINT FINGERS AT MLS, CITY, DONOVAN HIMSELF

BYLINE: ANN KILLION column

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 698 words


Jilted. Scorned. Rejected. Back-stabbed.

Just when you thought, Earthquakes fans, that you couldn't sink any lower,
Thursday's news conference came along.

One-time Earthquakes star Landon Donovan made a U-turn in Germany and headed
back to Major League Soccer. But he headed to San Jose's biggest rival, the Los
Angeles Galaxy.

It's not an April Fools' joke, because it happened on the last day in March.It's
just one more body blow to the Earthquakes. One more black mark against the
league's integrity.

Earthquakes fans are feeling depressed. And they're also feeling very, very
suspicious.

Donovan left the team that Anschutz Entertainment Group fervently wants to
unload. A team the league belittles. And, voila, he ends up with the Galaxy! The
team AEG just happens to adore. The team MLS worships. Go figure.

"I understand the perception is out there that the Earthquakes are getting
screwed," Quakes General Manager Alexi Lalas said Thursday. "Conspiracy
theorists abound."

And Lalas' voicemail was full of messages from them. It doesn't help that Lalas
was once a Galaxy player himself, a guy some Earthquakes fans view as less
general manager than AEG henchman.

This smells rotten. It stinks that the Galaxy had promised Donovan a spot -- as
he said Thursday -- in December, before he left for Germany. It stinks that AEG
President Tim Leiweke, who couldn't find his way to San Jose without a Sherpa,
showed up to gush over Donovan's welcome. It stinks that the league just
recently came out with clarification on allocations, weeks after the Earthquakes
used the one they were given for Donovan, thus losing their rights to him. This
all looks bad. It makes the Earthquakes look like fools. It makes MLS lose even
more credibility. It smells of tampering and under-handedness. Conflict of
interest? Welcome to MLS.

But, to be fair to Lalas, who could have predicted that Donovan's new European
career would have lasted all of 10 weeks? The team got an allocation for Donovan
-- confusing though it might have been -- and the Earthquakes used it because
they figured they had to move on.

Indeed, if you want to lay this on anyone, you have to lay it on Donovan. He
didn't want to come back to San Jose. He wanted to go to Los Angeles. He grew up
there. His family is there. More important, the love of his life, Bianca
Kajlich, is there. Donovan is a big enough star that he can dictate where he
wants to go.

"You can bet that if Landon Donovan wanted to return to San Jose, Landon Donovan
would be in San Jose," Lalas said. "We have to come to terms with the fact that
the player who has been put up on a pedestal wants no part of returning."

But, as we all know, much of that can be blamed on AEG and the league. The San
Jose franchise has long been batted around, treated like a second-class citizen.
You always got the feeling the league wanted to see Donovan somewhere else. The
Quakes have never had stability and are constantly under threat of moving or
being sold.

Another part of that blame can be hung on the city of San Jose, which has never
acted as though the Earthquakes have any particular value, while groveling for a
make-believe baseball team.

The situation was clearly wearing on Donovan. He grew tired of being one of the
few people who cared about the Earthquakes. Why would he want to come back,
especially now that the team has been completely remade?

It will be interesting to see if Donovan's reputation is damaged by his leaving
Europe a second time, this time after only a few weeks. His defection certainly
doesn't enhance the image of American players, who have made significant inroads
into European soccer. Some will call him soft, unable to handle the best
competition in the world.

But Donovan has never cared much about his image or what others expect of him.
What he has always cared most about is being happy. For a while, he was happy in
San Jose. Now, he says, he'll be happy with the Galaxy. The Earthquakes fans,
meanwhile, are miserable and rejected, with their one-time hero transformed into
the enemy.

Not that they couldn't see it coming. San Jose is full of conspiracy theorists
for good reason.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: NICK UT -- ASSOCIATED PRESS
Landon Donovan, who played four seasons with the Earthquakes before leaving for
a 2 1, 2-month stint in Germany, returned to his native Southern California to
play for the Los Angeles Galaxy.

                     Copyright 2005 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              899 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                          El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)

                           September 17, 2002 Tuesday

:Teacher of the day;
Simply praising students smooths day, teacher finds

SECTION: LOWER VALLEY; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 210 words


Monday through Thursday, the El Paso Times profiles an El Paso or Las Cruces
teacher who is nominated as Teacher of the Day.

Name: Armando Rueda.

Age: 28.

School: Clint Junior High.

Educational background: Bachelor of arts degree from Grinnell College in
Grinnell, Iowa.

Number of years teaching: 7.

Current position: Eighth-grade science teacher and coach of eighth-grade
basketball and seventh- and eighth-grade softball.

Activities outside of teaching: weightlifting, playing golf, watching Cowboys
games.

The hardest lesson I have learned: Not to belittle a student because you'll lose
their interest.

People would be surprised if they knew I: Dressed like Lita of the WWF and wore
female clothing for a TAAS rally.

If I could change one thing about my job, it would be: Cut down on paperwork.

Most gratifying experience as an educator: Watching average students excel and
succeed.

Why I became a teacher: To make a difference in my occupation.

The most challenging aspect of teaching young people today is: As teachers, we
sometimes raise children without family backing. We do everything a parent does.

The best teaching tool I have used and would recommend to a colleague is: Simple
praise and giving compliments go a long way.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Rueda

                   Copyright 2002 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              900 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                     Marin Independent Journal (Marin, CA)

                           August 21, 2002 Wednesday

Candidate seeks apology

BYLINE: By Gary Klien, IJ reporter

SECTION: MARIN

LENGTH: 610 words


for comments at fund-raiser

Sausalito man called Thurmond 'troglodyte' at Democrats' benefit

A Republican candidate for U.S. Senate from South Carolina demanded an apology
yesterday over remarks made about Sen. Strom Thurmond during a recent Democratic
fund-raiser in Sausalito.

Citing an article in Friday's editions of the Marin Independent Journal, U.S.
Rep. Lindsey Graham said his Democratic opponent, Alex Sanders, should "renounce
and apologize" for the remarks of his Sausalito host, who called the 99-year-old
Thurmond a "political troglodyte."

The comments were made by John Luongo, a former computer executive who hosted
the $10,000-a-head fund-raiser Thursday at his luxury Sausalito houseboat
modeled after the Taj Mahal. A statement issued by the Graham campaign yesterday
called Sausalito "a ritzy, suburb of San Francisco and Marin County [that] most
recently made headlines as the home of American Taliban John Walker Lindh."

"According to dictionary.com, troglodyte is, 'a member of a fabulous or
prehistoric race of people that lived in caves, dens or holes,' " the statement
said. "It also means, 'a person considered to be reclusive, reactionary, out of
date, or brutish.'"

"These remarks are offensive to Sen. Thurmond and his legacy of public service,"
Graham said. "They have no place in this campaign. It is not acceptable to
continually belittle Sen. Thurmond who has dedicated his entire life to South
Carolina and our nation."

Thurmond, who is retiring in January after 48 years in the Senate, has a
conservative record that includes a presidential bid on a segregationist
platform. Sanders, a 64-year-old former judge and president of the College of
Charleston, is waging an uphill battle for the seat against Graham, 46, a
four-term congressman who helped lead the impeachment drive against President
Clinton.

With Democrats in control of the Senate by only one seat, and several close
races expected around the country, Sanders and Graham have found fund-raising
support outside South Carolina. After a fund-raising appearance in San Francisco
last Thursday, Sanders appeared at Luongo's three-story houseboat to collect
checks of $10,000 or more from about 30 elite guests, including James Hormel,
the former U.S. ambassador to Luxembourg; Martha Whetstone, former regional
director of the Department of Housing and Urban Development; and Roberta
Achtenberg, a former San Francisco supervisor and Clinton appointee to HUD.

Luongo, who made the comments about Thurmond during a speech introducing
Sanders, could not be reached yesterday for reaction to Graham's statement.

Kevin Bishop, a spokesman for the Graham campaign, said Luongo's comments have
been widely discussed in the South Carolina media.

"Senator Thurmond is revered in this state," Bishop said. "To call him a
troglodyte has ruffled a lot of feathers. It's already generating a buzz here in
South Carolina."

But Chad Clanton, a spokesman for Sanders, said he has received no local media
calls about Graham's demand for an apology.

"I'd say this is more of the hysterical campaign Lindsey Graham is running,"
Clanton said. "Alex Sanders respects Strom Thurmond. They've been friends for
years. Lindsey Graham is hysterical. He repeatedly says he's going to run a
positive campaign, and then he turns around and blasts negative facts about Alex
Sanders.

"Lindsey Graham himself has had recent fund-raisers in California and New York,
but he forgot to mention that," Clanton added. "This is one of the realities of
campaigning today. You have to go out of state to raise money."

Contact Gary Klien via e-mail at gklien@marinij.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

    Copyright 2002 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication


                              901 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 29, 1998, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Where Children Play, Grown-Ups Often Brawl

BYLINE: By BILL DEDMAN

SECTION: Section A; Page 10; Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 969 words

DATELINE: STURGEON BAY, Wis.


From the second inning on, the father coaching at first base for the Lions Club
was on the umpire's case for refusing to call a balk on the opposing pitcher. A
balk, any of an assortment of illegal movements by the pitcher, is not often
called on 11-year-olds.

"You can't call it if you don't see it," the umpire, Clayton J. Haen, explained
in an interview. "Besides, this is Little League!"

By the end of the night at Sturgeon Bay Little League, Mr. Haen had four
stitches, and the first-base coach, Thomas N. Torstenson, was in handcuffs. Mr.
Torstenson, a 46-year-old carpenter, was charged with punching out Mr. Haen, 60.
If convicted of substantial battery, a felony, he could serve up to two years in
prison.

Call it Little League rage. Adult misbehavior is becoming a familiar blight on
children's games in all sports, say league officials, coaches and parents.
Fathers yell at coaches. Mothers belittle players. And umpires are attacked.

Game officials have long taken verbal abuse, of course. But now they are shoved
and spat on, even stabbed and shot. While no official records are kept, assaults
on umpires are reported two or three times a week to the National Association of
Sports Officials, which represents game officials ranging from youth leagues to
professional sports. The association, perceiving a relentless increase in these
attacks, will soon announce a new benefit for its 19,000 members: assault
insurance.

Although cases of violence against game officials have been logged in every
sport and at every level, the association says the most dangerous place to call
a strike or a foul is anywhere children play.

"Assaults are so much more common at the Little League levels" than elsewhere,
said Barry Mano, president of the association, based in Racine, Wis. "Parents
and coaches have lost perspective on what sports is about. It's getting bad
enough that we need to send a message that we're not going to roll over."

In Wagoner, Okla., last year, a 36-year-old tee-ball coach was convicted of
choking a 15-year-old umpire during a game. In Riverdale, Ga., a coach shot a
father in the arm after the father had complained that his son was not pitching
enough.

Indeed, dealing with adult violence has become as much a part of running a youth
league as working the concession stand. In Houston, leagues use criminal
background checks to weed out volunteers for violence, alcohol abuse, sexual
abuse and theft. A league in suburban Chicago has a zero-tolerance policy
against yelling. A few leagues have quit keeping score, hoping to tamp down
competitive fervor.

Umpires, meanwhile, are seeking protection from the law. Statutes that set high
minimum penalties for assaults on them have been adopted by 12 states, and
sports officials here hope that Wisconsin will soon join the list.

Here in Sturgeon Bay, an old shipbuilding town of 9,000 people tucked along Lake
Michigan in Wisconsin's northeastern corner, baseball is taken seriously, from
tee-ball to adult hardball. It took the town only three days to raise $12,000
for electronic scoreboards for the Little League.

On June 29, the Lions Club team was losing again to the best team in the league.
The Lions Club pitcher was 11-year-old Tyler Torstenson. His father, Tom, was
coaching at first base, carefully watching the opposing pitcher.

"He's definitely balking," spectators heard Mr. Torstenson say. He thought the
opposing pitcher was not keeping his hind foot on the pitching rubber as
required by Little League Rule 8.05(g).

Behind the plate was Mr. Haen, a former dairy farmer and longtime umpire paid
$15 a game. ("We have difficulty finding umpires anymore," said the manager of
the Lions Club squad, Robert J. Schlicht, a 48-year-old city alderman. "Fifteen
dollars isn't worth it.")

After the Lions Club had lost, 9-6, the teams shook hands. But Mr. Torstenson,
witnesses say, cursed the umpire in front of the children, shoved him and
followed him into the equipment room. The coach's wife, Becky Torstenson, a
child-support enforcement officer, tried to get between them.

"He must be left-handed," Mr. Haen said, "because he came around her shoulder
and got me in the eye."

After the police had taken Mr. Torstenson away, his wife and son returned to
give Mr. Haen a hug. Mr. Haen was back umpiring the next night, given a standing
ovation by the parents and the players. Mr. Torstenson, who has been banned from
Little League for life, has not yet entered a plea and declined to discuss the
incident.

Why do adults misbehave at children's games?

Sports psychologists cite several factors, most of them connected with an
overemphasis on winning. Some parents believe that competition helps prepare
children to succeed. Others fear that their children will not be able to handle
failure. Many suffer from what sports psychologists call "achievement by proxy."

It would help, umpires say, if leagues improved their selection, training and
certification of coaches.

The Sturgeon Bay Little League does not require background checks for adult
volunteers. So the league did not know that in 1986, Mr. Torstenson was
convicted of "endangering the safety of another." Court records show that by the
account of witnesses, he barely missed hitting his pregnant former wife with his
pickup after a child-support hearing.

"Checks are not necessary," said Wisconsin's Little League chairman, Harlan K.
Balkansky, a steel executive. "You know what's going on with your neighbors. No
matter what safeguards you put in, something like this can happen."

Mr. Schlicht, the Lions Club manager and alderman, had vouched for Mr.
Torstenson.

"He's extremely good with kids," Mr. Schlicht said. "He's a good coach. He's
been a plate umpire himself. But he still believes the pitcher was balking."


LOAD-DATE: July 29, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: After Clayton J. Haen had refused to call a balk in a Little
League game, he was punched squarely in the face by the father of one of the
players. (Jeffrey Davis for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              902 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                           October 26, 2006 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Canada pulled into fray of U.S. campaign: Republican ad criticizes our role in
world

BYLINE: Alexander Panetta and Beth Gorham, The Canadian Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 435  words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


The Canadian government has lodged a complaint with the Bush administration over
a Republican election ad that belittles Canada as a global freeloader.

Canada's ambassador to Washington registered his displeasure over a Senate
election ad from Tennessee that implied Canada doesn't pull its weight in
international matters.

Michael Wilson expressed Canada's concerns in a phone call Wednesday to a White
House official, said a Canadian government source.

The Republican National Committee said Wednesday that it would phase out the ad
-- but it's unclear whether the move came before or after Wilson's phone call.

Although the Conservative government enjoys a warm relationship with the Bush
administration, a Canadian official wasn't shy about condemning the ad. "We
would like to remind the Republicans that Canada is playing an important role in
rebuilding Afghanistan," the official said.

But the Tory complaint may have more to do with politics up north than it does
with rescuing Canada's reputation in Tennessee.

The Bush administration is very unpopular in Canada, especially in urban areas
where the Tories need to curry support if they hope to win a majority
government.

The television ad's chief target is Democratic Senate candidate Harold Ford Jr.,
who just made the cover of Newsweek and is fighting Republican Bob Corker in a
pivotal race of the do-or-die fight to control the upper house of Congress.

Various actors in the 30-second spot suggest Ford is a tax-and-spend playboy, a
gun-control supporter, and soft on terrorism and nuclear threats to the United
States.

One man in the ad says: "Canada can take care of North Korea. They're not busy."

Prime Minister Stephen Harper's opponents have been eager to exploit his
closeness to the U.S. president for their own political gain as they approach
the next election.

One Liberal MP mocked the Tories campaign slogan from the last election: Stand
Up For Canada.

"Is this what Canadians should be expecting as the outcome of cozying up to Mr.
Bush by the prime minister and his Conservatives?" asked Liberal MP Omar
Alghabra.

Canada-watchers in Washington were puzzled.

"It's unfortunate, it's over the top," said Scotty Greenwood, of the Canadian
American Business Council.

"I would turn their attention to Afghanistan if they don't think Canada's busy."

In Washington, Canada has aggressively promoted its contribution in Afghanistan,
where 43 Canadians have been killed since 2002 and more than 2,200 troops are
stationed.

The Canadian embassy has blitzed busy subway stations in the U.S. capital with
giant posters depicting Canadian soldiers in Afghanistan.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2006 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              903 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                          September 9, 2015 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

BRILLIANT;
Obnoxious, disrespectful and...

BYLINE: PATSHEEHAN

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 49

LENGTH: 374 words


RICKY HATTON would love to floor Floyd Mayweather - but just like when he was
fighting he can't find a way to do it.

The former world champion was stopped by Mayweather when they clashed for the
WBC world welterweight title in Las Vegas in 2007.

Hatton was left reeling by how cocky Mayweather, who calls himself The Best
Ever, tried to belittle him in the build-up to the bout and it has left a bitter
taste ever since.

But as much as the Hitman would love to stuff loudmouth Mayweather's words down
his throat he feels he can't because the man known as 'Money' keeps delivering.

Manchester's Hatton will watch Mayweather go for his 49th straight win on
Saturday night here in Sin City at the MGM Grand Garden Arena against huge
underdog Andre Berto.

He admitted: "I didn't think much of him in the build-up to our fight and my
feelings haven't changed really. Maybe I shouldn't say that because at the time
I didn't have the chance to meet him personally.

"All I got to know was him being obnoxious. He was complimentary after the fight
but he was also disrespectful.

"I don't think there is a way to knock him because he can back up what he says
about himself.

"If there was a way to knock him then I would - but he is the best."

Mayweather is getting more than his usual amount of stick for picking what they
perceive is an 'easy' bout against Berto - a former two-time world champion, but
Hatton added: "If he has picked an easy fight maybe he deserves one.

"Look at all the people he has fought. There aren't many 'names' he hasn't
boxed.

"I wouldn't say he has ducked anyone or picked anyone at the right time.

"He has fought everyone."

Mayweather has aliented a lot of American fans after being accused of assaulting
a girlself friend and doing time for domestic violence.

Many also believe Mayweather is too arrogant and his self proclaimed title TBE -
The Best Ever - has annoyed even more who look to Muhammad Ali as a role model.

Hatton, said: "Muhammad Ali did a lot more for boxing than just what he did in
the ring.

"He has to be the best.

"But even if I thought I was better than him I wouldn't be man enough to say it.

"Everyone has their own views on boxing but I think the best three of all time
were Ali, Sugar Ray Robinson and Floyd Mayweather."

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FAN ... but Ali's best says Ricky HattonMOUTHING OFF ... champ
Mayweather has always had plenty to say

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN


                    Copyright 2015 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              904 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                           February 27, 2014 Thursday
                                2 Tampa Edition

TAMPA MAN CONVICTED OF MAKING HARASSING CALLS TO SHERIFF'S OFFICE

SECTION: LOCAL; TALK OF THE BAY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 347 words


Deputies say Keith Lukas called dispatchers nearly 3,000 times in a year and a
half, harassing and belittling them. On Tuesday, he was convicted on one count
of making "repeated harassing phone calls," the Hillsborough County Sheriff's
Office said. It was the conclusion deputies were hoping to see. They filed a
complaint with prosecutors after being inundated with calls from Lukas to a
nonemergency line between May 2012 and December 2013. Deputies say the calls
were abusive. Lukas would complain about how he was mistreated by deputies. He'd
use vulgar language and belittle dispatchers. He'd often call back repeatedly in
one day. Deputies say Lukas, 43, of Tampa pleaded no contest and was sentenced
to probation. Under the terms, he can't call the Sheriff's Office unless he has
a legitimate need.

* * *

Tampa Air Marshal field office to close

Tampa's Federal Air Marshal Service field office is slated to close by the end
of the year, the Transportation Security Administration says. The office is one
of six nationwide that will be closed, according to CBS News. San Diego's office
will also close this year, followed by Phoenix and Pittsburgh in 2015 and
Cincinnati and Cleveland in 2016, the network reported. No positions will be
eliminated, according to a statement provided by the TSA to the Tampa Bay Times.
The agency said the changes "will not adversely impact" the ability of sky
marshals to help provide security aboard flights. The number of plainclothes
marshals aboard planes is a secret. But citing an internal document, CNN
reported that the number has thinned in the past three years because of budget
cuts.

* * *

School Board meetings at 3 p.m. again

Starting March 18, the Hillsborough County School Board will go back to meeting
at 3 p.m. Meetings this year had alternated between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. to
accommodate people who cannot be there at 3. But board members found the
schedule was confusing and kept staff at work too late into the evening.
Recognition meetings, where students and community organizations receive awards,
will still take place at 5:30 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Lukas

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2014 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              905 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       The Janesville Gazette (Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 9, 2011 Friday

Cyberbullying expert to speak to teens, public at Milton school

BYLINE: Neil Johnson, The Janesville Gazette, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 494 words


Dec. 09--MILTON -- It could be as elaborate as a fake Facebook page that damages
someone's reputation or belittles his or her physical appearance.

It could be as simple as a text message that threatens harm to someone.

Whatever form it comes in, most teens have the savvy to make life hard for their
peers using more than words or actions. These days they've got technology as a
weapon.

According to Dr. Justin Patchin, a national expert on teen use of technology and
social networking, one in five middle school students reports being a victim of
cyberbullying.

Patchin will be at Milton Middle School on Monday to give a presentation to
students on cyberbullying. The Milton School District and the Milton Police
Department are hosting the appearance, which also includes an evening
presentation that is open to the public.

Patchin, who teaches criminal justice at UW-Eau Claire, has studied
cyberbullying extensively. He is director of the Cyberbullying Research Center,
a national organization that studies adolescent cyberbullying, and he has
written articles and books on teen use and misuse of technology and social
networking.

The goal of Patchin's presentations is to explain to students, parents and
adults what cyberbullying is, how it impacts teens and how to handle it.

The Cyberbullying Research Center defines cyberbullying as "willful and repeated
harm inflicted through the use of computers, cell phones, and other electronic
devices."

Patchin elaborates on why it's a serious issue: "Bullying is bullying. Let's
establish that. But cyberbullying can potentially be worse than any typical
schoolyard bullying," said Patchin.

That's because it can be done anonymously, any time, anywhere -- even when the
person being bullied isn't aware of it.

That can embolden teens that otherwise might never bully someone in person.

"Kids will say things online they would never say in the real world. With
technology, you're accessible around the clock, and you can't escape it,"
Patchin said.

Patchin has heard from students around the world who report cyberbullying as a
major source of stress. He says children as young as third grade report being
bullied through technology.

Statistics show the problem peaks in the teen years, once students have gained a
grasp of how technology works and how to use it to bully their peers.

Patchin's goal is to for parents and adults to be armed with the same knowledge
so they can spot abuse if their child is being bullied -- or is bullying others
-- through technology.

Patchin also wants parents and students to understand that cyberbullying can
involve intervention by school officials and police, and he wants them to know
how and when to pursue those channels.

"Everybody from police to parents to school staff needs to be on the same page
with this," Patchin said.

___ (c)2011 The Janesville Gazette (Janesville, Wis.) Visit The Janesville
Gazette (Janesville, Wis.) at www.gazetteextra.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20111209-JG-Cyberbullying-expert-to-speak-to-teens-public-at-Milton-school-1209-
20111209

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JG


                     Copyright 2011 The Janesville Gazette


                              906 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                            February 15, 2008 Friday

Group identity OK

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 463 words


Group identity OK

Conservative talk shows across the airwaves in Southern California were trying
to belittle the Barack Obama victories this month. Accusations were made that
Obama was playing the race card and that his candidacy as a presidential hopeful
was igniting a new nationalism among black voters to go to the polls.

Well, conservative talk show critics a revolt did take place at the polls this
year in American politics. Group identity and voting at the ballot box resulted
in a tight race between the two top Democrat contenders, Hillary Clinton and
Obama.

In this country where many in political circles talk that group identity and
nationalism has no place and everyone is supposed to be color blind, this
primary season holds many lessons. Voting according to one's own nationality is
not as bad as infighting among one's own social group.

America has a long road to travel until all are treated equal. Until that time,
voting to support a candidate based on group identity should not be a sin. So
long as the candidate is all inclusive, such as the case of presidential hopeful
Barack Obama.

John Mendoza
Pomona

Hillary and earmarks

You probably won't see this story in your local media anytime soon. According to
Citizens Against Government Waste, Sen. Hillary Clinton personally ushered 261
earmarks through Congress last year - nearly 200 more earmarks than the other
leading presidential candidates combined.

Her "earmarks" include more than $300,000 for the Gay Men's Health Center of New
York and $1.5 million for the Abyssinian Development Corp. ADC is a Harlem-based
nonprofit organization whose leader gave her presidential campaign a major
endorsement.

Something to think about.
Phyllis Slayden
La Puente

Philosophical divide

Re letters claiming God has the right to allow killing of animals and prohibit
abortion: Dave Matson opines that God did not create the earth for man and that
man is just the strongest animal which exploits the weaker animals. He says that
abortion is just the lesser of two evils. Doug Roberts writes that "we"
(atheists?) should proclaim to religious people, whose God condemns abortion,
that their God is an abominable murderer for killing the first born of Egypt at
the time of the Exodus.

What this argument comes down to is, who should determine for society what is
good and what is evil? What should society's moral guide be, the opinions of
secularists such as Matson and Roberts, or the Bible, considered the word of God
by the majority of the population which is Christian?

We can also see clearly that this represents this country's culture war. This
conflict is forcing us to choose one side or the other. Society will be ruled by
somebody's values, either Christian or non-Christian. There is no neutral
ground.

Ross Yerkes
Los Angeles

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              907 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                    Wilkes Barre Times Leader (Pennsylvania)

                             May 19, 2007 Saturday

Dismissed Catholic school teachers deserve severance pay

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 384 words


Reading that 118 teachers lost their jobs in the Catholic community is certainly
a hardship not only on these individuals but for family and friends.

To know that they will not even receive a severance package is brutal.

And to state that they will receive pay during the summer, as though it was
being bestowed upon them, belittles the fact that they earned that money. It
simply gets spread out over a period of time to cover family expenses that occur
during the summer, as is customary for all teachers whether public, private or
parochial.

In the past I asked that an audit be done on the Catholic Church. But we are so
used to hearing that it can't be done, it is looked at as an impossibility. So
people give and give and give. And the Catholic government just buys and buys
and buys. It has become the largest landowner in New York City, other cities and
other nations.

In Australia alone the Catholic government is worth about $110 billion. The
Catholic government (Vatican) is expanding its embassies into many other
countries. Because of its extreme wealth it no longer needs to serve the
Catholic flock.

The Catholic government will survive, whether or not it continues to receive
donations from its followers. Closed buildings can be converted   and are being
converted   into rentals that will provide the church with untold amounts of
money.

The money from those rentals, or the selling of some of these properties, could
be given as severance pay to these teachers. But instead all this money goes to
the bishop.

I also asked what the bishop does with the almost $12 million he collected
through the bishop's appeal. I called the Internal Revenue Service and found it
is in a trust. I hope there is some concerned Catholic that may shed light on
this trust, or that some reporter may check into this trust and publish where
this money goes and who controls it.

In any event, there are opportunities for Catholics to honor and help those
teachers who have given their all to promote Catholicism and yet were dumped
like trash on the public domain.

I would hope that Catholics, instead of donating to the bishop's appeal, create
a fund so that these teachers and families will get some assistance. After all,
charity begins at home   and not in a trust controlled by the bishop.

Bob Washick Conyngham

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Wilkes Barre Times Leader
                              All Rights Reserved


                              908 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                     The Guardian (London) - Final Edition

                                 April 20, 2005

G2: Real lives: Bubbles of Kabul: Blonde and giggly, Marla Ruzicka was at first
easy to dismiss. Yet, single-handedly, the idealistic aid worker secured
millions of dollars' worth of compensation from America for the victims of its
wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. After her death in a bomb attack in Baghdad last
weekend, Rory Carroll mourns his friend

BYLINE: Rory Carroll

SECTION: Guardian Features Pages, Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1655 words


It was Christmas in Kabul and she walked into the Mustafa hotel looking like a
rumpled doll. Blonde hair streaked out from a black headscarf and dust shrouded
a beaten-up coat. She dumped her backpack on the floor and beamed around a lobby
filled with the smell of tobacco and stewed mutton and the stares of Afghan
guards and western reporters, all male. "Hi! I'm Marla!"

It was an exclamation more than a statement. This was indeed Marla, a
25-year-old Californian with no satellite phone, very little cash, a shoestring
organisation and an impossible mission, but any anxieties she may have felt were
concealed by a toothy grin. It was December 2001.

She had come, she said, to document civilian casualties of the recently
concluded US-led campaign to oust the Taliban. She not only wanted to find them
- difficult enough amid lawless chaos - she wanted Washington to compensate
them, to take responsibility for mistakes in its post-September 11 offensive.

It was easy, at first, to patronise and belittle, and many reporters did. She
gushed and fawned and giggled. Everything seemed either cool or awesome. She
complained about broken nails, wondered whether the market on Chicken Street
sold conditioner and asked about parties. Planet Marla was located in a
parallel, ditzy universe.

After rising at 4am one morning, the hotel dark and slumbering, I was taken
aback to see Bubbles, as she had been nicknamed, waiting in the corridor.
"Thanks for letting me come." I hadn't mentioned the trip, nor invited her, but
she wedged between a colleague and me for the ride to Qalaye Niazi, a village
recently attacked by American bombers on the grounds it harboured fugitive
members of the Taliban and al-Qaida. The Pentagon had claimed a clean hit with
no collateral damage, but amid the debris were bloodied children's shoes, the
scalp of a woman with braided grey hair, and wedding decorations. Survivors said
dozens of men, women and children had died. Marla wrote it all down, asked lots
of questions and returned to Kabul silent and thoughtful.

Last Saturday, almost three and a half years later, a journey which started in
the Afghan winter ended on a balmy spring afternoon in Baghdad. A suicide car
bomber attacked a convoy of SUVs on the airport road. Marla Ruzicka and her
colleague Faiz Al Salaam, 43, were separate from the convoy but their ordinary
car took the force of the blast, killing them both.

She had summoned the foreign press corps to a party that night at the Hamra
hotel and her failure to show was our first inkling that something was wrong.
The next morning the deaths were confirmed. Marla suffered burns to 90% of her
body. A medic who treated her at the scene reported her last words: "I'm alive."

Her friends, a global community since she befriended pretty much everyone she
met, are stunned. There is a hush around the Hamra hotel, low-voiced huddles
swapping Marla stories. The best is one that relates how she came to be taken
seriously, touched countless lives and changed US policy.

Tributes have flowed. "Everyone who met Marla was struck by her incredible
effervescence and commitment," said Kenneth Roth, executive director of Human
Rights Watch. "She was courageous and relentless in pursuit of accurate
information about civilians caught up in war."

Senator Patrick Leahy, a Vermont Democrat, said it was Marla's idea to put a
special fund in last year's foreign aid bill to compensate Iraqis whose
businesses had been bombed by mistake. "Just from the force of her personality,
we decided to take a chance on it." Leahy said $ 10m was added to the foreign
aid bill last year and another $ 10m had been set aside for next year. A
memorial will be held in Washington this week and the senator will pay tribute
from the Senate floor. "I said to her father this morning: 'A lot of people
spend their whole lives and do not begin to accomplish what she's done.'"

It is not difficult to reconcile Bubbles of Kabul with the human rights heroine
whose face has filled newspapers and television screens during the past few
days. Marla did not change. The lobbying grew more polished and sophisticated
but she was as bubbly at the beginning as the end. What changed was that
powerful people took notice.

She was born in Lakeport, near San Francisco, with her twin brother Mark the
youngest of six children of Clifford and Nancy Ruzicka, middle-class
Republicans. She was suspended for leading a school protest against the first
Gulf war and as a student at Long Island University visited Cuba, Guatemala,
Costa Rica and Israel, including Palestinian areas. Police carted her away when
she whipped off a sarong with a protest slogan at a speech by George Bush, then
governor of Texas.

On behalf of Global Exchange, a San Francisco-based advocacy group that is run
by Medea Benjamin, she visited Afghanistan in 2001 to document cases of wounded
and bereaved civilians. The US government was not counting them and much of the
media and other human rights groups balked at visiting remote, dangerous areas
to interview survivors.

Some of us called it Marla's mad mission. After a break I returned to Kabul in
April 2002 and found the wide-eyed wonder of December transformed into a
networking queen who knew all the journalists, peacekeepers, aid workers and
politicians. She had lured Bianca Jagger to the capital. Marla would totter
around parties in heels and slinky dresses, vodka in hand, making introductions.
The socialising bordered on the frenzied and sometimes ended with Marla slumped,
but not before the room had been worked for anything useful for an unofficial
survey which confirmed 824 dead.

The US embassy loathed Marla, not least for the day she assembled dozens of
mostly Pashtun tribesmen, some bandaged and limping, in front of its walls to
demand compensation. The stunt received wide coverage. Marla was becoming a
media star, popping up on CNN and becoming the subject of a biography. Publicity
for the cause, she said, relishing the attention.

Boyfriends came and went, but she often hinted at loneliness. In a recent online
journal entry she wrote: "I am young, and new at this and developing ways to
cope, but in honesty I have tried red wine a little too much for medicine,
deprived myself of sleep and felt extremely inadequate." The furious energy
never abated. Lobbying, travelling, kickboxing and partying were her therapy.

After Afghanistan she founded her own NGO, the Campaign for Innocent Victims in
Conflict (Civic), rented an office in Washington DC and forged ties with
congressmen such as Leahy. When Donald Rumsfeld testified at a Senate hearing,
she engaged him on his way out and quietly made her case, figuring it would be
more effective than protesting.

She was in Baghdad for the March 2003 invasion and mobilised 150 volunteers to
visit hospitals and attempt to make the first proper list of people killed or
injured by US forces. Their total of more than 2,000 dead formed the basis for
subsequent estimates which touched 20,000. For a time she stayed at the Guardian
house before worsening security forced her and the correspondents into the Hamra
hotel.

Counting became a means to gain attention and help for casualties who would
otherwise be ignored. In an essay sent to Human Rights Watch shortly before she
died, Marla wrote: "A number is important not only to quantify the cost of the
war, but to me each number is also a story of someone whose hopes, dreams and
potential will never be realised, and who left behind a family."

Some Iraqis were bemused by the blonde who would burst from a black ankle-length
abaya , worn to disguise herself as a local, hugging and kissing their children,
but she won the respect of families who were given the hope of financial and
medical aid.

It would not have been possible without Faiz Al Salaam, a commercial pilot with
Iraq Air who had become Marla's driver, fixer and translator. A witty, urbane
man, he recently became a father and hinted at quitting his perilous sideline.
Last June, Marla wrote about the airport road in her online journal: "The ride
is not pleasant. Military convoys passing every moment. Faiz and I hold our
breath."

The target of Saturday's attack appears to have been a convoy of civilian
contractors who happened to be passing the couple when the bomber struck.
Witnesses described the car of Faiz and Marla bursting into flames. A French
national also died and six people were injured. Faiz's relatives identified
Marla's body but have yet to retrieve his corpse, possibly because it was so
badly damaged.

Friends had advised Marla against returning to Baghdad. But the 28-year-old said
she needed to collect fresh stories for fundraising and so checked back into the
Hamra last month, bearing cheese, chocolate and cigars for fellow guests. She
knocked on the doors of the few people she did not know. "Hi! I'm Marla!"
Helping the relatives of an infant whose parents were killed when their vehicle
was hit by what was believed to be an American rocket became a particular
passion. She praised individual US commanders for wanting to do the right thing
but complained about bureaucratic obstacles.

Last Friday, Marla left a telephone message to her parents: "Mom and Dad, I love
you. I'm OK." Her mother, Nancy, said they were worried but knew better than to
tell their children to do anything. "We were supportive and just reminded her to
be careful."

At a Marla-instigated gathering that same night, her last, she was in her
element, taking people aside for chats, raving about the food and promising to
quit smoking any minute. To my eyes she had not aged a day since Kabul but she
batted away the remark. Something about the air in Baghdad dried the skin, she
said, rubbing her temples. "Once I hit 30 I'm going to get old really quickly."
The thought struck her as funny and she laughed.


LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2005 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              909 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                    February 03, 2004 Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Homophobic slurs at Holy Cross

BYLINE: TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 158 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


- Homophobic messages scrawled on a wall in a building were found Sunday at the
College of the Holy Cross, prompting the college to restate its stance against
such behavior.

Ricardo Surita, director of judicial affairs, said the graffiti was found by
students who brought it to the administration's attention.

''We have no information leading to the person or persons who did this,'' he
said yesterday. ''If people choose to make comments to degrade or belittle, it's
disappointing. That's behavior the college does not condone in any way, shape or
form,'' Mr. Surita said.

The college has had problems with hate graffiti in the past, most recently in
October when racial slurs were written on a hallway wall of a senior residence
hall. A student rally was held the following month to protest the behavior.

A year ago, homophobic graffiti aimed at specific individuals was found on
campus. A march was held at the college in protest.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2004 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              910 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   Daily Star

                               December 30, 2003

CUFF COPS GAVE ME BRUISES; WHACKO JACKO

BYLINE: by GARY NICKS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 398 words


MICHAEL JACKSON shows off the bruises he claims cops made as they arrested him
over child sex allegations.

Speaking on TV the pop star, pulls up his sleeve and says his shoulder was
dislocated and wrists severely bruised by officers who "manhandled me very
roughly".

Jacko, 45, said he was humiliated during his arrest last month and locked in a
stinking toilet block for 45 minutes.

He told interviewer Ed Bradley on US show 60 Minutes: "They did it to try and
belittle me, to try and take away my pride.

"They manhandled me very roughly. My shoulder is dislocated.

"It's hurting me very badly. I'm in pain all the time."

He said the injuries happened, ". . .

with the handcuffs, the way they tied them too tight behind my back.

"They put it in a certain position, knowing that it's going to hurt and affect
my back.

"Now I can't move. It keeps me from sleeping at night." Jackson was arrested at
his Neverland ranch in California last month and charged with molesting cancer
victim Gavin Arvizo, 13.

In his first TV interview since the arrest, he said police had turned his home
upside down and he would not live there again.

Jackson - on GBP 2million bail - said his bedroom had been trashed.

He added: "They had 80 policemen in one bedroom. That's really overdoing it.

"They took knives and cut open my mattresses. They had the whole house to
themselves to do whatever they wanted."

Jacko again said he saw nothing wrong with sleeping with children.

"What's wrong with sharing your bed?" he said.

"If you're going to be a paedophile, if you're going to be Jack the Ripper, if
you're going to be a murderer, it's not a good idea.

"That I am not. That's not how we were raised.

"I didn't sleep in the bed with the child. Even if I did, it's okay."

He added: "Before I would hurt a child, I would slit my wrists."

Asked how his behaviour looked to others, Jackson replied: "People think sex.
They're thinking sex. My mind doesn't run that way.

"When I see children, I see the face of God. That's why I love them so much."

Jackson, who paid GBP 16million to the family of alleged abuse victim Jordy
Chandler 10 years ago, said Gavin's parents are after cash.

But Jacko still believes he is "a good boy at heart".

District Attorney Thomas Sneddon insisted the singer was treated fairly while in
custody.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2003 Express Newspapers


                              911 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              Western Daily Press

                                  June 1, 2001

Award-winning ideas

SECTION: Jobs, Pg.1

LENGTH: 551 words


NAPOLEON once criticised us as being a national of shopkeepers. He said it to
belittle us - we were at war after all - but ironically this has turned out to
be one of our country's great strengths.

For many years now the consensus of informed opinion is that our economic future
lies not in the huge conglomerates but in small cornershop type businesses.

Consider how many of these giant international concerns, who were seen as
saviours when they opened or took over businesses in high unemployment areas,
have since thrown thousands of people onto the dole queue, seemingly on a whim
of some accountant in Detroit or wherever.

Ofcourse small businesses have a frightening history of closure, but if they can
manage to last the first difficult couple of years they often grow into
solidly-based medium- sized companies who can make a real and vital difference
to the employment market.

To maintain this situation we need entrepreneurs to come up with new ideas and
the willingness and ability to turn these into successful businesses.

And a good source of these looks likely to here in Bristol.

The Bristol Business School, which is part of the University of the West of
England, has been at the forefront of encouraging the entrepreneurial skills of
its students.

Undergraduates on the School's Business Studies course have to do a small
business module which includes preparing a full business plan for a "virtual"
company.

The most impressive business plan is rewarded with a cash prize by Bristol
-based accountants Solomon Hare who specialise in the enterprise sector.

Top prize went to a group of students under the name New Image, whose Art Cafe
Bar offered an on-line sandwich delivery and food ordering service targeted at
business customers. The Bar would also feature displays by local artists,
photographers and sculptors .

Said Lyndsey Chivers, marketing manager at Solomon Hare: "All the business plans
demonstrated innovative and creative approaches to business and we were very
impressed by the hard work the students had put into their projects."

One of the projects in the module was The Innovative Advertising Agency who came
up with a scheme to produce a vinyl adhesive sticker which went on to the bottom
of pint glasses on which they can sell advertising.

While many manufacturers have failed to find a material that will stick at a
cost effective price, the Agency sourced a vinyl material that will last a month
and will withstand the wear and tear of washes for that time.

Cyclestop came up with a project that would provide commuting cyclists with safe
storage for their bikes while they were at work, coupled with changing
facilities, showers, rest area, the services of a mechanic and more.

One group had the service s of an expert on their team. Al Fresco planned a
mobile fresh pasta alternative to the usual burger and chips at outside shows
and events and one of their members was Toby Gritten, who is currently a chef at
the well known Bells Diner in Montpelier.

Leader of the course's small business module, Gill Wilkins, said: "There are a
lot of very enterprising minds on this course and we are pleased that commercial
businesses such as Solomon Hare are recognising them at such an early stage in
their career."

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                      Copyright 2001 Bristol United Press


                              912 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                THE BRISTOL POST

                                  May 31, 2001

Award-winning ideas

SECTION: JOBS, Pg.1

LENGTH: 551 words


NAPOLEON once criticised us as being a national of shopkeepers. He said it to
belittle us - we were at war after all - but ironically this has turned out to
be one of our country's great strengths.

For many years now the consensus of informed opinion is that our economic future
lies not in the huge conglomerates but in small cornershop type businesses.

Consider how many of these giant international concerns, who were seen as
saviours when they opened or took over businesses in high unemployment areas,
have since thrown thousands of people onto the dole queue, seemingly on a whim
of some accountant in Detroit or wherever.

Of course small businesses have a frightening history of closure, but if they
can manage to last the first difficult couple of years they often grow into
solidly-based mediumsized companies who can make a real and vital difference to
the employment market.

To maintain this situation we need entrepreneurs to come up with new ideas and
the willingness and ability to turn these into successful businesses.

And a good source of these looks likely to here in Bristol.

The Bristol Business School, which is part of the University of the West of
England, has been at the forefront of encouraging the entrepreneurial skills of
its students.

Undergraduates on the School's Business Studies course have to do a small
business module which includes preparing a full business plan for a "virtual"
company.

The most impressive business plan is rewarded with a cash prize by Bristol
-based accountants Solomon Hare who specialise in the enterprise sector.

Top prize went to a group of students under the name New Image, whose Art Cafe
Bar offered an on-line sandwich delivery and food ordering service targeted at
business customers.The Bar would also feature displays by local artists,
photographers and sculptors .

Said Lyndsey Chivers, marketing manager at Solomon Hare: "All the business plans
demonstrated innovative and creative approaches to business and we were very
impressed by the hard work the students had put into their projects."

One of the projects in the module was The Innovative Advertising Agency who came
up with a scheme to produce a vinyl adhesive sticker which went on to the bottom
of pint glasses on which they can sell advertising.

While many manufacturers have failed to find a material that will stick at a
cost effective price, the Agency sourced a vinyl material that will last a month
and will withstand the wear and tear of washes for that time.

Cyclestop came up with a project that would provide commuting cyclists with safe
storage for their bikes while they were at work, coupled with changing
facilities, showers, rest area, the services of a mechanic and more.

One group had the service s of an expert on their team.Al Fresco planned a
mobile fresh pasta alternative to the usual burger and chips at outside shows
and events and one of their members was Toby Gritten, who is currently a chef at
the well known Bells Diner in Montpelier.

Leader of the course's small business module, Gill Wilkins, said: "There are a
lot of very enterprising minds on this course and we are pleased that commercial
businesses such as Solomon Hare are recognising them at such an early stage in
their career."

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                      Copyright 2001 Bristol United Press


                              913 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               April 04, 2000, Tuesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

In Miami, they have themselves to blame

BYLINE: MARY JO MELONE

SECTION: CITY & STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 551 words



Nice people are not supposed to tell these jokes, even though they are a staple
of Florida conversations:

Would the last American to leave Miami turn out the lights?

Or, in another variation . . . take the flag with him?

We've had it drummed into our heads over the last several years that telling
jokes like these is a sign of insensitivity.

Oh yes.

Jokes like these give aid and comfort to those blockheads in the English-only
crowd.

Absolutely.

They belittle the cultural contributions of the thousands of fine and decent
people who risked their all, and left everything familiar behind, when they fled
Castro and resettled in Miami.

For sure.

I, too, have been a dutiful student and have swallowed whole these pieces of
contemporary etiquette.

So how come I can't get those jokes out of my head?

Because Alex Penelas, the mayor of Miami-Dade, has mistaken himself for an
archduke.

And because guys like Al Gore, George Bush, Bob Graham and Connie Mack are
behaving like footmen for Penelas' golden coach.

Last week, Penelas was jumping up and down, all but threatening riots if the
federal government took 6-year-old Elian Gonzalez away from his Miami relatives
and returned him to his father in Cuba.

And last weekend, our esteemed Sen. Mack, for instance, was among those bleating
that maybe Juan Miguel Gonzalez was an unfit parent.

You can understand Gore and Bush. Not relate. But understand. A man with a lust
to be president can get quite unashamedly craven. Same with Graham, although
maybe you get just half as craven when you want to be vice president.

But what does Mack want? An ambassadorship from Bush if he helps Bush carry
Florida while aiding and abetting in the current frenzy?

It began to look Monday as though the lunatics were falling away from the front
of the parade. Elian's Miami relatives finally began to talk with immigration
officials about how, once his father lands in the United States, to turn the boy
over.

Without riots.

But even if Elian's story ends as peaceably as a fairy tale, the damage has been
done.

To too many people in the rest of the country, people ignorant of language,
appearances and customs they don't comprehend, the hysteria over Elian Gonzalez
only enriches the stereotypes in their heads, about how South Florida is its
very own banana republic.

The rest of us are responsible for the way we think.

You bet.

But Alex Penelas and the hardliners who have been screeching since the moment
Elian Gonzalez came ashore four months ago are responsible for the way they
behave.

And they've behaved like a mob.

I've tried to argue myself out of thinking this. Told myself that if I were
living in Miami-Dade County, not Hillsborough, I'd see the other side up close,
get my hands around it, see, smell and taste it and identify with it.

But it doesn't work.

Cubans aren't the first to suffer and die on the way to the United States. And
the contest for greatest human tragedy is a heat. Let's talk to other recent
arrivals, like the Bosnians, the Vietnamese, the Nicaraguans, the Haitians, the
Romanians, the Mexicans, the Chinese. Let's find out what happened to the
families separated, the parents killed, the little boys lost, and why no
American city has ever been on the verge of erupting for any of them.


LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY & STATE; METRO & STATE; TAMPA & STATE

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              914 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                              May 24, 1998, Sunday

Depression drugs make record sales for; Over-prescription 'belittles mental
illness', John Morrish is told

BYLINE: John Morrish

SECTION: NEWS; Page 6

LENGTH: 614 words


SOARING sales of drugs that act on the central nervous system - especially
anti-depressants - have made them one of the fastest-growing sectors of the
global pharmaceutical market. Figures just published show that sales increased
worldwide by 13 per cent last year.

A report by the health information company IMS Health last week showed that
sales of drugs for the central nervous system increased in the year to February
to a world total of $ 25.5bn (pounds 16bn). Many of these drugs were for
physical ailments with no psychiatric component. But sales of anti- depressants,
worth $ 435m in Britain last year - 20 per cent up on 1996 - continue to rise.

To Kay Redfield Jamison, the leading authority on manic depression and other
mood disorders, this is a clear indication of overprescription and the use of
drugs as an easy solution to emotional trauma. In the wake of the Prozac hype,
she believes, mental illness is being belittled.

Dr Jamison, professor of psychiatry at the Johns Hopkins University school of
medicine in Maryland and author of Manic-Depressive Illness, the standard
textbook on the subject, is worried that the Prozac phenomenon "can trivialise
very severe mental illness by making it all look like the same thing. You know,
'You're a little depressed, that means you need medicine.' Well, of course, you
don't. I think we're trivialising human nature and trivialising medicine".

She adds: "I think there's no question that there has been overprescription of
anti-depressant medication, but overwhelmingly, if you look at the epidemiology,
people have been underprescribed. There are far more people with severe
depression who don't get treated at all than people who have mild depression who
are getting medication they don't need to be on.

"And these are not benign drugs. These are very major drugs with major impacts
on the brain. People shouldn't be on them unless they need them."

Dr Jamison is in a better position to speak about these matters than many
psychiatrists. In 1996 her autobiography, An Unquiet Mind, revealed that
throughout her rise to the heights of American psychiatry and eminence as an
authority on manic depression, she herself suffered terribly with the condition
of mood swings from depression to elation and even psychosis. She once attempted
to commit suicide during a bout of depression.  After two severe manic episodes
she discovered that wild spending had left her $ 30,000 in debt.

Her candour has brought her a strong following among sufferers and their
relatives. Last week she was in London to give a talk on illness and creativity
at the Royal Festival Hall. "Most of the questions I get, no matter what the
topic, tend to be clinical. 'What about this drug?  What's the illness likely to
turn into? Does it get worse?'"

She subscribes to an unambiguously medical model of mental illness, especially
manic depression. "Absolutely," she insists. "It's a medical disease. It's just
unfortunate that the symptoms are behavioural and cognitive and involve mood, so
it looks less biological than it is."

Dr Jamison accepts the value of psychotherapy - "It's not an either/or
situation," she says - but she believes that drug treatment is the life-saver.
Not to prescribe lithium to a manic depressive, she says, is tantamount to
malpractice.

In future, she expects genetic research to have a great impact on the treatment
of mental illness, particularly manic depression, which has a strong inherited
component. So far, she says, "there are regions on several chromosomes where it
is very likely genes indicative of manic depression will be found".

Focus, page 26


LOAD-DATE: May 27, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Independent Print Ltd


                              915 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       January 5, 1998 Monday 1ST EDITION

Nothing wrong with two champs

BYLINE: Terry Frei

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C-01

LENGTH: 657 words

We're hearing that Nebraska was handed the No. 1 ranking in the coaches' poll,
and a share of a "split" national championship, as a retirement present for Tom
Osborne.

Like so many bandwagon views, there is an element of truth in that - but it's
also oversimplistic.

Let's start with the sort of acknowledgement that should be obvious, but so
often gets trampled by the '90s sports-talk, you-gotta-take-a-stand mentality:
There are reasonable cases to be made for both Nebraska and Michigan as the
"true" No. 1. Choosing one isn't trashing the other.

Sure, we could use the entire left-hand side of this page to make a resounding
case for either team and tick off the partisans of the other. That might even be
fun, especially since:

The Huskers' fans are No. 1 in paranoia and half the Nebraska Alumni Association
has moved to Denver; and,

There will be at least one Michigan alum in every Denver-area office today,
claiming the coaches' vote was as crooked as if the Tammany Hall machine
"recruited" 11 dead coaches to vote for the Huskers.

The cases are being made all over America as we speak.

Pick Michigan? Belittle the Huskers for that soft nonleague schedule and the
quirky win at Missouri. (Of course, if that is the standard, the University of
Colorado should stop claiming a share of the '90 national championship because
of the fifth-down win in Columbia. And if you take away style points from
Nebraska because you don't like the behavior of a few Huskers and Osborne's
handling of the miscreants, you also should disown the, ahem, "disciplined" Bill
McCartney-coached CU renegade teams that revived the Buffs' program.)

Pick Nebraska? Cite the decisive Orange Bowl victory over Tennessee and note
that Michigan's conference, the Big Ten, wasn't impressive in the bowls.

I could write an entire column, backing either choice - and have myself
convinced by the time I was done. Instead, I'll settle for giving you credit for
knowing that, and summarizing my theoretical choice. If I had a vote in the AP
poll, I would have put Nebraska No. 1, on a very simple basis. Picturing a Jan.
17 meeting between the two teams in the L.A. Coliseum, my guess is Nebraska 27,
Michigan 17. Two fine teams, great game, no disgrace for either.

Sentiment has nothing to do with that guess.

Maybe some of the coaches who had Nebraska at No. 1 agreed, simply, that the
Huskers probably are better. Maybe sentiment was a factor for some. But this was
neither a heinous miscarriage of justice nor the result of a monolithic voting
bloc among the coaches.

In the coaches' poll, Nebraska had 32 first-place votes, Michigan 30. That's a
major swing from the final regular-season poll, when Michigan's edge in
first-place votes was 53 1/2 to 8 1/2. Yet if this had been an overwhelming rush
of pro-Osborne sentimentality, Nebraska would have had even more first-place
votes. Taken in combination with all the other justifications, including
Nebraska's impressive Orange Bowl performance, there was just enough of that
so-long-Tom feeling to push Nebraska over the top in the coaches' poll.

This implied assumption that all of the eight coaches who kept Nebraska alone at
No. 1, or the 24 who moved the Huskers up to No. 1 alone, did so for sentimental
reasons is absurd. In fact, at least some of those 30 Michigan votes came from
men whose scales ultimately were tipped by anti-Nebraska feelings, whether mild
or virulent. There is no united "We Love Tom" movement among Osborne's peers.

More significant, depending on exactly when each of the voting coaches made his
decision, the coaches either knew or assumed Michigan would remain in the top
spot in the AP media poll. They understood they would be creating a "split"
decision if they lifted Nebraska to No. 1 in their poll. A few coaches decided
that a split championship was the only fair conclusion in this final pre-Super
Alliance season.

Got a problem with that?

I don't.

LOAD-DATE: January 06, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 1998 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              916 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           August 27, 1997, Wednesday

A successful marriage requires respect between loving mates

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; LETTERS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 438 words



Re: A 60-year celebration of marriage, friendship, by Bette Smith, Aug. 17.

I was pleased to read about marriages that have lasted six decades. Fifty
percent of marriages end in divorce. Of those that remain married, how many  are
happy marriages? Domestic violence cases and spouse abuse are increasing.  Yes,
there are plenty of people married to the wrong person. They stay married
because of the kids, money situations or simply because they are used to their
spouse, even though the marriage is loveless.

Marriage takes maturity - people should not react before they reflect.  Spouses
who will criticize and belittle their mates constantly will destroy a  marriage.
And to bad-mouth your mate to family and friends is asking for a  failed
marriage. No love is kept alive by a divisive pattern of behavior. The  recipe
for a stable marriage in one word is respect. Love cannot be kept alive  via a
pattern of disrespect.

I do believe that when it comes to love, soul mates are out there. There  are
men and women who meet and know immediately and instinctively that this is  the
person for them. There is both a physical and mental attraction that is  too
deep and mysterious to understand. These are the couples that are meant to  be
and are envied by all who married out of money, because of pregnancy or  simply
because of the societal pressure to be married.

Robert B. Fleming, St. Petersburg

Police response to theft

shows little concern

      On a recent morning at 7 I went to the front porch door as usual to
retrieve the Times. The door was open and the screen slashed. Upon checking I
discovered that the Sony color TV was missing. I phoned the police and was
informed that they no longer respond to such thefts. I was told to phone back
after 4 p.m. when it was likely an officer would be available so I could
register my complaint.

I was astounded. I related my reaction to the mayor's office and later  received
a police phone call to report the theft. This house has been in my  family for
55 years. I retired here 30 years ago and have always bragged about  my St.
Pete. This is not the way my St. Pete reacts to its citizens.

I have the serial number and model of this TV for pawn shop checking. The  type
of entry should have been noted to perhaps prevent other more serious  crimes.
(The TV belonged to my wife who died in a nursing home last November.  It is of
no consequence.) The dismal action of the Police Department does not  represent
the St. Pete I have known all these years.

Harold F. Lee, St. Petersburg

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                    Copyright 1997 Times Publishing Company


                              917 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             American Medical News

                               September 24, 2012

Stigmatizing obesity undercuts effectiveness of public health campaigns

BYLINE: By Charles Fiegl, amednews staff. Posted Sept. 24, 2012.

SECTION: HEALTH

LENGTH: 1178 words



HIGHLIGHT: Adults respond more favorably to efforts that emphasize healthy
behaviors than ones that focus on weight and belittle obese people, a new study
says.


 By Charles Fiegl,amednews staff.Posted Sept. 24, 2012.

In some instances, however, the messages in obesity-prevention campaigns make
people who are an unhealthy weight feel bad about themselves because they seem
to shame the obese, said a study published online Sept. 11 in the International
Journal of Obesity.

One example is a Georgia campaign that said, Being fat takes the fun out of
being a kid. A majority of the 1,014 study participants considered the message
stigmatizing.

By stigmatizing obesity or individuals struggling with their weight, campaigns
can alienate the audience they intend to motivate and hinder the behaviors they
intend to encourage, said lead study author Rebecca Puhl, PhD. She is director
of research at the Rudd Center for Food Policy and Obesity at Yale University in
New Haven, Conn.

To address this problem, Puhl recommends that primary care physicians discuss
with patients inaccurate or potentially stigmatizing obesity-prevention
information they hear about or read. She also encourages doctors to make sure
the educational materials they have on wellness in their offices promote
specific healthy behaviors people should adopt, such as eating a variety of
fruits and vegetables each day, rather than focusing on just losing weight.

Messages that focus on promoting specific health behaviors are likely to be more
effective than messages focused on weight, Puhl said.

A report published online Aug. 20 in Circulation found that some public health
approaches can be effective. They include health warnings on cigarette packages,
policies that make nutritious food more affordable and improving sidewalk design
to encourage physical activity.

When it comes to obesity, Ovidio Bermudez, MD, encourages physicians to briefly
address the importance of a healthy diet, exercise and a good body image at
every patient visit, even if the individual is a healthy weight.

If we get across to patients the message that nutrition, physical activity,
wellness and self-acceptance are important aspects of health, I believe we will
make a difference in reducing obesity and eating disorders, said Dr. Bermudez,
who specializes in psychiatry and adolescent medicine. He is chief medical
officer at the Eating Recovery Center in Denver.

Personal empowerment

One in three U.S. adults is obese, as are 17% of children and adolescents,
according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The prevalence of
obesity in youths has nearly tripled from 1980, when about 6% were obese.

For the journal study, researchers issued online surveys to 1,014 U.S. adults 18
and older in July 2011 to gauge reactions to messages from major
obesity-prevention campaigns implemented in Australia, the United Kingdom and
the U.S. The initiatives were identified through Internet searches, assessing
published reports and examining information from public health organizations
such as the CDC.

Each participant was randomly assigned 10 messages from a total of 29.
Individuals were asked to answer 13 questions that assessed their perceptions of
the messages relevance, helpfulness, likability and whether it induced
motivation to engage in healthy behaviors or promoted stigmatization of obese
people.

Participants also were asked to rate how positive or negative each message was
by using adjectives provided by researchers. Positive adjectives included the
words effective, motivating and informative. Negative descriptors included
complex, confusing and stigmatizing.

Researchers found that 36.5% of participants were considered to be a normal
weight, 33.4% were overweight and 26.5% were obese. The remaining adults were
considered underweight, which is defined as a body mass index lower than 18.5.

Participants responded more favorably to obesity-related health campaigns that
emphasize specific health behaviors and personal empowerment for health compared
with campaigns that imply personal blame and stigmatize the obese.

The most-stigmatizing message came from Australia: Childhood obesity is child
abuse. The study found that 62.4% of participants considered the statement
denigrating.

The least-stigmatizing message was the first ladys campaign urging the nations
youth to Move every day! Just 28.9% described it as disparaging.

A United Kingdom campaign   Eat well. Move more. Live longer.   received the
most positive reaction and the most positive description by participants.
Additionally, 85.3% of adults said they probably would comply to its health
recommendations.

Its very clear that negative messaging to the public, where shame, blame and
stigma are the intent or driving forces, do not work, Dr. Bermudez said.

In some instances, participants weight status impacted how they perceived a
health message. For example, obese adults were more likely to view the U.S.
message Skip seconds  Lose your gut as stigmatizing compared with nonobese
individuals.

Organizations that develop obesity campaigns should be mindful of people who are
obese and are very vulnerable to stigma and prejudice, Puhl said. More
systematic research is needed to help guide the content and messaging of these
campaigns to make sure theyre helping and that theyre not detrimental to the
publics health.

Negative obesity-prevention campaigns send wrong message

Some efforts aimed at preventing obesity shame people who are an unhealthy
weight and stigmatize obesity. People respond most favorably to messages that
emphasize specific health behaviors and personal empowerment for health, a study
says.

Most stigmatizing

 By Charles Fiegl,amednews staff.Posted Sept. 24, 2012.

By Charles Fiegl,amednews staff.Posted Sept. 24, 2012.

By Charles Fiegl,amednews staff.Posted Sept. 24, 2012.

By Charles Fiegl,amednews staff.Posted Sept. 24, 2012.

By Charles Fiegl,amednews staff.Posted Sept. 24, 2012.

Least stigmatizing

Move every day!   United States Eat well. Move more. Live longer.   United
Kingdom Take a small step to get healthy.   United StatesEat a variety of
colorful fruits and vegetables every day.   United States Fact: Even drinks that
look healthy can still be packed with sugar and calories. Check the label.   New
York

Source: Fighting obesity or obese persons? Public perceptions of obesity-related
health messages, International Journal of Obesity, Sept. 11
(ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22964792/)

By Charles Fiegl,amednews staff.Posted Sept. 24, 2012.

Weblink

Fighting Obesity or obese persons? Public perceptions of obesity-related health
messages, International Journal of Obesity, published online Sept. 11
(www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22964792/)

Prevalence of Obesity in the United States, 2009-2010, National Center for
Health Statistics Data Brief No. 82, January
(www.cdc.gov/nchs/data/databriefs/db82.pdf)

Information on overweight and obesity, Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention (www.cdc.gov/obesity/)

Population Approaches to Improve Diet, Physical Activity, and Smoking Habits: A
Scientific Statement from the American Heart Association, Circulation, published
online Aug. 20 (www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/22907934/)

By Charles Fiegl,amednews staff.Posted Sept. 24, 2012.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 American Medical Association
                              All Rights Reserved


                              918 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 7, 1998, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

A Pentagon Report Now Belittles the Menace Posed by Cuba

BYLINE: By STEVEN LEE MYERS

SECTION: Section A; Page 13; Column 1; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 559 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 6


This just in from the Pentagon: Cuba is not, after all, much of a threat to
national security.

The Pentagon's intelligence report, like all matters Cuban, ignited controversy
on Capitol Hill. Even before its release, Speaker Newt Gingrich protested to the
Pentagon that Fidel Castro remained "a dangerous and unstable tyrant."

In the report, the Pentagon concludes that the collapse of the Soviet bloc in
1991 gravely eroded the size and power of Cuba's military, leaving it barely
able to support itself, let alone attack its neighbors.

The nation, once a flash point for nuclear war between the United States and the
Soviet Union, now poses "a negligible threat to the U.S. or surrounding
countries," said an unclassified version of the report released today.

The Pentagon's analysis, ordered by Congress last year, was no surprise, given
Cuba's economic implosion after the end of Soviet-era subsidies. But it still
provoked anger among Cuba's critics in Congress, who accused the Clinton
Administration of softening its stand toward President Fidel Castro.

Representative Lincoln Diaz-Balart, a Cuban-born Republican from Florida, said
the Pentagon had "blatantly minimized" what he called "asymmetric threats" posed
by Mr. Castro's Government, including its support for drug traffickers.

In March, after Pope John Paul II's visit to Cuba, President Clinton announced
an easing of some American restrictions on aid, allowing Cuban-Americans to send
money directly to relatives in Cuba and loosening regulations on providing
humanitarian supplies. Asked at a news conference today whether he would
consider additional gestures, Mr. Clinton said Cuba's rulers had not yet shown
"whether they really wish to have a rapprochement."

He added that the Helms-Burton Act, which tightened sanctions on Cuba in 1996,
restrained him from more humanitarian gestures, but that he could never "accept
some of the anti-democratic and, frankly, clearly anti-human-rights policies of
the Government."

When drafts of the Pentagon's views first circulated this spring, they raised
such an outcry that the report's release was delayed while Secretary of Defense
William S. Cohen oversaw its completion. A senior defense official said Mr.
Cohen did not alter the report's conclusions. But in a letter to Senator Strom
Thurmond, a South Carolina Republican who is chairman of the Armed Services
Committee, he addressed concerns raised by critics, citing Cuba's "continued
dictatorship" and noting its failure to apologize for shooting down two unarmed
planes piloted by Cuban-Americans in 1996.

The report said Cuba's army could no longer mount "effective operations" since
most of its equipment is in storage. It said the navy could not operate in force
outside of territorial waters, while the air force, with fewer than two dozen
Soviet-era MIG jets still able to fly, could not even defend Cuban airspace
against a large attack. In fact, the report said, the military "must now grow
its own food and raise money to pay for some of its own expenses."

The report also offered what may be the most understated reason that Cuba's
military has never posed much of a threat to its big neighbor to the north: "The
Cubans almost certainly calculate that any attack on U.S. territory or forces
would draw a swift, forceful U.S. reaction."

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              919 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                    November 11, 2015 Wednesday 6:42 PM GMT

Republican debate: all the candidates' promises, from flat taxes to firings;
Whether calling for the creation of no-fly zones or pledging not to push
grannies off cliffs, the Republican presidential contenders had a lot to offer

BYLINE: Nicky Woolf in New York

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 879 words


Between the swipes at Hillary Clinton and the jibes at one another, the latest
Republican debate delivered more ardent promises than the average romcom.

Here, from the serious to the downright strange, is a cheat-sheet of all of
those commitments in full:

The main debate:

                       Real estate mogul Donald Trump

Build a wall. "A wall will be successful ... We have no choice if we're going to
be a country."

Deport all illegal immigrants. "They're going to have to go out, and they will
come back, but they are going to have to go out and hopefully they get back...
We have no choice."

Make our military "bigger, better, stronger than ever before so that nobody
messes with us".

Drop the Trans-Pacific Partnership.

Related:  Rightwing pundits belittle mainstream praise of Bush and Kasich at
debate

Neurosurgeon Dr Ben Carson

Make ISIS look like losers by taking "the energy field" outside Anbar in Iraq.
"Take that from them... We could do that, I believe, fairly easily."

Florida senator Marco Rubio

"More welders and less philosophers."

Expand child tax credits.

Repeal Dodd-Frank.

Texas senator Ted Cruz

Pull back "the armies of regulators that have descended like locusts".

No grannies to be pushed off cliffs under a Cruz administration.

Impose a 10% income tax rate above $36,000; business flat tax of 16%.

Abolish five [four] departments: the IRS; the Department of Commerce; the
Department of Energy, the Department of Commerce [again]; and the Department of
Housing and Urban Development.

Eliminate sugar subsidies - take that, Florida.

Veto "any statute that exempts members of Congress".

Former Florida governor Jeb Bush

Repeal "every rule that Barack Obama has in terms of work in progress, every one
of them". Repeal the clean power act. "Repeal the rules."

Allow illegal immigrants who don't break the law to pay a penalty and earn legal
status over time.

Create a no-fly zone in Syria.

Former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina

Go to zero-base budgeting; go to a three-page tax code ; top-to-bottom review of
every regulation on the books.

Pass the Reins act to give Congress more oversight on spending.

Repeal Obamacare. "It's tens of thousands of pages long; no one can possibly
understand it."

Conduct "very aggressive" military exercises in the Baltic states, and rebuild
the Sixth Fleet "right under [Vladimir Putin's] nose". Put "a few thousand more"
troops into Germany.

Create a no-fly zone in Syria.

Ohio governor John Kasich

Move Medicare from 7% growth to "about" 5% growth. Freeze non-defence
discretionary spending for eight years.

Offer tax cuts amounting to "$11tn, $12tn".

Create a no-fly zone on the Turkey-Syria border and the Jordan-Syria border.
"Anybody flies in the first time, maybe they can fly out. They fly in there a
second time, they will not fly out."

Cut off funding for radical clerics in Saudi Arabia.

No more public criticism of Israel.

Kentucky senator Rand Paul

Flat tax of 14.5% for corporations and individuals. Abolish the payroll tax.

Cut taxes 1% across the board, "and the budget just balances after 5 years".

No arms to ISIS.

Repeal the Clean Power Act.

And the undercard debate:

                       New Jersey governor Chris Christie

Get rid of "special interest" tax deductions; fire a "a whole bunch" of IRS
agents.

Executive order for no more regulation by "any government agency or department"
for his first 120 days in office.

Declare cyberwar on China - "cyberwarfare like they have never seen before". Fly
Air Force One over China's artificial islands in the South China Sea. "They'll
know we mean business."

Get rid of all tax deductions and loopholes; fix highest tax rate at 28% and
lowest at 8%.

Former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee

Shut down the IRS - "Completely eliminate them."

No sandwiches for ISIS (sadly he did not develop this point); but send food to
Syrians. And make Saudi Arabia "step up" to do the rest.

Move the healthcare plan for Congress and the president over to the Veterans'
Administration.

Get rid of all taxes on work and savings, replace with 'fair tax' on purchases;
get rid of estate tax and capital gains tax.

Fire Janet Yellen from the Federal Reserve.

Former Pennsylvania senator Rick Santorum

Create a 20% flat tax on both corporations and individuals, along with a $2,700
family tax credit.

Cut the gas tax to three to five cents and "send the rest back to the states".

Repeal Dodd-Frank.

Stand up "at the bully pulpit and talk about the dignity of being a welder".

Allow veterans access to private, as opposed to VA, healthcare and replace the
VA with "a group of centers of excellence".

Louisiana governor Bobby Jindal

Fix the top rate of tax at 25%, then 10%, then 2%.

Fire "some of the VA bureaucrats" and send "somebody" to jail over the scandal.

Give Chris Christie a ribbon and a juice box for his "participation".

Fire "everybody in DC, in both parties".

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              920 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            January 27, 2013 Sunday
                                TWO STAR EDITION

ALL THE PRESIDENT'S WORDS

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; THE WORD; Pg. B-6

LENGTH: 683 words


Barack Obama's inaugural address will go down in the history books. But will any
of its word and phrases end up in the dictionary?

We don't expect Mr. Obama, however silver-tongued, to have a lasting effect on
the lexicon. True, his predecessor, George W. Bush, was known for hatching
words, but they were generally laughed off as disfluent gaffes:
"misunderestimate," "analyzation," "embetterment."

It wasn't always thus. As Paul Dickson, a prolific writer about the English
language, demonstrates in his new book, "Words from the White House," presidents
have historically taken a leading role in coining, or at least popularizing, new
words and phrases. This was especially true in the early years of the Republic,
when the American language, along with the national identity, was subject to
lively reinvention. But nowadays, we've democratized that reinvention. On
language, for better or worse, we no longer expect our presidents to lead the
way.

No one embodied the neologizing spirit more than Thomas Jefferson. In fact, he's
credited with the earliest known example of the word "neologize": "Necessity
obliges us to neologize," he wrote in an 1813 letter to the grammarian John
Waldo. "I am a friend to neology," he told John Adams seven years later. "It is
the only way to give to a language copiousness and euphony."

Jefferson contributed such words as "belittle," "Anglophobia," and "odometer."
The Oxford English Dictionary records more than a hundred words for which he
supplies the first known use. Recent research has added to the list: His
memorandum books from the 1780s reveal that Jefferson paid for an "ottoman" and
obtained a "pedicure."

Now that regional newspapers from throughout American history are being scanned
and digitized, some words that Mr. Dickson presents as presidential firsts can
be antedated by less celebrated sources. "Caucus" had long been thought to first
appear in a 1763 diary entry by John Adams describing a "Caucas Clubb" in
Boston, but researchers recently have found an article in the Boston Gazette
three years earlier referring to a political club called "the New and Grand
Corcas." (Because 18th-century New Englanders were already dropping their r's,
"corcas" would have been pronounced the same as "caucus.")

Theodore Roosevelt brought to the fore such colorful expressions as "lunatic
fringe," "muckraker," "mollycoddle," and "trust-busting." Dickson calls
Roosevelt "the top man" among presidential wordsmiths because of "the quality
and sharpness of his constructions."

By contrast, Warren G. Harding was never considered very sharp, wordwise. H.L.
Mencken compared Harding's verbiage to "a string of wet sponges" and "tattered
washing on the line." Nonetheless, Harding is credited with the famous phrase
"the founding fathers," as well as two words that stick with us today:
"normalcy" and "bloviate." The alliterative Harding declared in the 1920
campaign that America needed "not nostrums, but normalcy," popularizing a
previously rare alternative to "normality." And he self-effacingly described his
own speaking style as "bloviating," a pseudo-Latin word for long-windedness that
had been popular in Harding's native Ohio.

Ultimately, presidents need not be Jeffersonian neologists, as long as they
(with help from speechwriters) tap into the rich reservoirs of American English
to express themselves. In Obama's case, such expressiveness can include
ambitious, high-flying terms like "new foundation" (a slogan from early in his
first term) and "Sputnik moment" (from his 2011 State of the Union). But it can
also be more earthy, as when he described Washington lawmakers in the summer of
2009 as "all wee-weed up."

Presidential language, while still closely watched, no longer exerts the impact
it once did. In part, that is because modern presidents are exceedingly careful
about what they say, which puts a damper on linguistic innovation.

Turning word creation into a game that anyone can play fits the American
egalitarian impulse. In the process, though, we've lost the lexical leadership
that we once could get from the neologizer in chief.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Ben Zimmer is the executive producer of VisualThesaurus.com and
Vocabulary.com. He can be reached at benzimmer.com/contact./

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              921 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 29, 2008 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

An Irascible Firebrand, Finally Quieted by Term Limits

BYLINE: By SUSAN SAULNY

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; LINCOLN JOURNAL; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 964 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN, Neb.


The senior senator of Nebraska's unicameral Legislature is going out just the
way he came in nearly four decades ago: obstinately, and with a whole lot to say
in his T-shirt and jeans.

It is time to retire from lawmaking, or so the new rules about term limits
dictate.

''I have to remind people as they show great sadness that I'm not dying, I'm
just getting out of the Legislature,'' said the senator, Ernie Chambers, 70.
''But a lot of people are going to be very happy when my absolute last day
arrives. In fact, there will probably be so much joy in this corner of the world
that it will be picked up on the Richter scale. I'm not liked at all.''

Liked or not, Mr. Chambers, a black, divorced, agnostic former barber from Omaha
with posters of Malcolm X and Frederick Douglass decorating his office, managed
to rise to an ultimate level of power in a mostly rural, white conservative
state on little more than sheer determination to do so.

In many ways, he could be the model of the antipolitician: he does not like
coalition-building, negotiating or even socializing. He belittles and berates
his colleagues. His office does not use call waiting. His name is not on his
locked door in the majestic Capitol building here, and visitors have been known
to pound their fists numb trying to get an audience.

And he refuses to wear anything more formal than his Levi's.

Yet, from the office of Gov. Dave Heineman, a Republican, on down, there is
praise for Mr. Chambers as being one of the most effective elected officials in
the state -- one who is already a part of history books in the Nebraska schools.
First elected in 1971 to represent the north side of Omaha, a minority district,
he is the state's only black senator and widely regarded as the dean of the
body. That is, until now.

He is packing up, largely against his will. He firmly believes that term limits
came about in an effort to end his admittedly pesky tenure.

''They mentioned my name and said we've got to get rid of him,'' Mr. Chambers
said in an interview, referring to the proponents of a petition drive for term
limits. But on second thought, he added: ''I wouldn't have wanted to die on the
floor. That would have given my enemies too much pleasure.''

Nonetheless, friends and beleaguered colleagues agree that the Nebraska
Legislature is not going to be the same without him. An occasional  opponent on
the issues, Senator Don Priester, addressed Mr. Chambers in front of the entire
body. ''You taught me a lot of life lessons on this floor over my last 16
years,'' Mr. Priester said, adding, ''You have continually challenged, cajoled,
and used stories to bring us out and to think, and to question whether or not we
have practiced what we preach.''

Mr. Chambers is regarded as a master of process, procedure and the filibuster,
and his power derived from being as much a bill-killer as law-maker. Some
thought him a bully. He would filibuster anything he did not like unless
concessions were made to appease him, or he might nitpick at the details of a
bill until it fell apart under the weight of his scrutiny.

His tenure made him the senior member by a wide margin; the next-longest-serving
senator has been in office about half as many years.

He took special interest in American Indians, poor urban blacks, small farmers
and women's rights. He was unbending in his opposition to the death penalty,
nibbling away at it over the years and managing to secure bans for minors and
those with mental difficulties.

In perhaps his biggest strategic victory, he opposed the Legislature's switching
from the electric chair to lethal injection as a means of execution, leaving
Nebraska as the sole  state with the chair as its only method of execution. In
February, the Nebraska Supreme Court ruled electrocution unconstitutional,
effectively suspending executions in the state.

Whether Mr. Chambers is correct or not in his assessment of how term limits came
to be, supporters of the law frequently mentioned him as a reason to vote for
the state constitutional amendment. But he is not the only casualty. A large
group of senators were forced out two years ago. By early next year, 15 other
veterans will be gone, including Mr. Chambers.

''There's nobody else they feared enough to get term limits for,'' he said.
''They'd get rid of everybody else to get rid of me.''

Regardless, it is a huge turnover in a body known for its slow deliberation and
consistency. It is probably also one of the most intimate institutions, being
the only one-house, nonpartisan legislature in the nation, and also the smallest
with only 49 members. The Nebraska limits, which were approved by voters in
2000, bar senators from serving more than two consecutive four-year terms, but
they can return after sitting out one term.

In the last days, any disapproval of Mr. Chambers or his tactics is well hidden.
There was nothing but effusive praise everywhere.

There were flowers, even tears.

A lot of the memorializing and back-slapping was directed toward the one man who
wanted none of it, Mr. Chambers.

''I feel no sentimentality, no nostalgia,'' he said.

He fled the floor before the customary goodbyes began. He was not there when the
body voted unanimously to name the judicial conference room in his honor or as
more than a dozen of his colleagues offered personal testimonials about why he
deserved the rare tribute.

On one of Mr. Chambers's last days actually legislating, Mr. Heineman's office
called to invite him to be part of the governor's escort procession onto the
floor of the Legislature. Mr. Chambers's answer was a resounding no.

''I don't do things like that,'' Mr. Chambers grumbled after the call. ''No
ceremonies. That's not what I'm here about. I tell you, I'm a loner.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Ernie Chambers, the senior senator of Nebraska's unicameral
Legislature, is retiring after nearly four decades of berating colleagues. ''I'm
not liked at all,'' he said. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JEFF BEIERMANN/OMAHA WORLD-HERALD)
Mr. Chambers, in trademark T-shirt and jeans, filibustering the State
Legislature in 1987. (PHOTOGRAPH BY ASSOCIATED PRESS)
  A former barber from Omaha, Mr. Chambers rose to power in a mostly rural,
conservative state. (PHOTOGRAPH BY NATI HARNIK/ASSOCIATED PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                              922 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                November 1, 2000 Wednesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

BUSH IS THE CLEAR CHOICE ON SO MANY ISSUES, HE HAS REAL SOLUTIONS AND THE BETTER
RECORD FOR HIGH TECH

BYLINE: E. FLOYD KVAMME

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 857 words


THE Mercury News' "clear choice" for president in its editorial on Sunday is
disturbingly myopic and in many respects lacking in the kind of imagination and
research one would expect of Silicon Valley's newspaper.

Here are a few areas that miss the mark:

* Social Security. Not a single word is devoted in your 920-word endorsement to
this, the defining domestic issue of the next Congress and White House. No
wonder: Vice President Gore won't admit that the Social Security system is
broken -- even after a bipartisan Social Security advisory panel spent two years
(before the last presidential election) highlighting the problems.

By contrast, Gov. George W. Bush faces this reality with a real solution -- one
that recognizes that public market returns during any 30-year period over the
last two centuries exceed anything Social Security has to offer. In the New
Economy, a Bush presidency places greater faith in Chuck Schwab than Uncle Sam
for return on investment.

* Resume. You belittle Bush's public service. Why, then, did 70 percent of
Texans vote to re-elect him, why did 23 Democratic mayors back him, and why are
a score of Texas Democrats now actively campaigning for him? By contrast, Gore's
tenure has been marked by one of the worst partisan periods in modern times. The
Mercury News also takes exception to Bush's experience both in the oil patch and
with the Texas Rangers. Need I remind you that this kind of real-world
experience is directly related to what we do here in Silicon Valley -- start
entrepreneurial companies and market them?

* Texas. Many other aspects of your endorsement show little grasp of Bush's
Texas record, like his judicial appointments of both conservative and moderate
judges or his education record, praised not only by Texas parents but also by,
among many others, the Clinton administration.

Like our valley, he has created an entrepreneurial heaven that now leads the
nation in high-tech exports and is second in high-tech employment.

Bush is also truly reinventing government. For all of his purported technology
prowess, Gore's reinvention made essentially no use of the Internet.

Peter Drucker writes, "In any institution other than the federal government, the
changes being trumpeted as reinventions would not even be announced." Bush has
been a national leader in using technology to make government more responsive
and citizen-centered. In fact, a recent Brown University study ranked Texas
number one in the nation for its e-government program.

* Silicon Valley. If, as you write, "Gore's policies fit Silicon Valley as well
as those of the more laissez-faire Bush," why are Silicon Valley's leading CEOs
backing Bush by a factor of greater than five to one? The answer is, because
Bush is the better candidate on those issues you believe belong to Gore. Sure,
in his latest incarnation, Gore is a free-trader, but only if organized labor
agrees. He supports tort reform, but only if the trial bar signs on. He favors
more choice in education, as long as he can pacify the teachers' unions.

To Silicon Valley's technology companies, speed matters. We can't afford the
months of triangulating, nor can we afford the delays that government"targeting"
imposes if we are to remain competitive.

The Gore agenda does not "fit" Silicon Valley because it inserts the lumbering
hand of government in too many areas and slows our competitive engine.

* Worldwide business climate. Perhaps the most disturbing reason you give for
your endorsement is the "eight years of prosperity" you attribute to the "astute
leadership" of the Clinton/Gore team. Sure, Silicon Valley and America have had
prosperity, but that prosperity came not as a result of any government mandate.
It was the direct result of the continuous building on what the personal
computer brought to American business and consumers.

Our technology companies saw the opportunity to build worldwide leadership
positions, and many now garner more than 50 percent of their revenue from
job-creating exports. Other industries have also sought to improve export
revenue. But this administration has not fostered improved international
economic relations, or, for that matter international relations at all.

It's no wonder that our balance of payments deficit has slipped from $40 billion
in 1992 to a projected $400 billion this year.

Your readers should know that not every tech-savvy newspaper in America is
smitten with Al Gore. In fact, the Seattle Times, which endorsed both Bill
Clinton and Michael Dukakis in past elections, supports Bush this time around.
The Times writes, "On a wide range of issues, Gore shows an instinctive reach to
government for nearly all solutions." Its endorsement concludes, "This time and
under these circumstances, we believe the overpowering need for integrity and
civility in office, for a realistic balance between government and commerce, for
a new, bipartisan era to confront the needs of the nation all point to the
election of George W. Bush."

The Seattle Times is right. We need a new tone in Washington and a new leader.
We need George W. Bush.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Opinion
E. Floyd Kvamme is a Silicon Valley venture capitalist.

GRAPHIC: Drawing;
DRAWING: KEITH

                     Copyright 2000 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              923 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Sports can bring out fans' worst

BYLINE: CAM COLE, Postmedia News; Vancouver Sun

SECTION: SPORTS; CAM COLE; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 957  words


Maybe it's a dangerous confession for someone in this line of work, but the fact
is, it's been a long time since I understood what makes the unswervingly devoted
fan tick.

What is it about fanaticism in support of a team that causes selective
blindness? Why is our guy always innocent and their guy always guilty? Why is it
inconceivable that any member of this glorious team of (your hometown here)
could have done something heinous?

Why does a victory by my team over yours mean that I must thump my chest, as if
I had something to do with the result, and shout you down and belittle you, and
your city?

Why do we "serenade" the opposing goalie after he's let one in, when he is the
one person in the best position to stick it in our ear if he is motivated by
that kind of premature celebrating?

How does a loss in the Stanley Cup final morph into a riot that does tens of
millions of dollars in property damage?

And why does an error that costs a team an important game make the perpetrator a
worthless human being, subject to homophobic or racist or just plain stupid
cruelty and death threats, from fans of his own team?

Some of these questions must be occurring to anybody with a working brain in San
Francisco on Monday, and in Baltimore, their football teams beaten Sunday and
denied berths in the Super Bowl, each offering clear and obvious human
sacrifices to cover up the sins of the losing side.

In San Francisco, a poor performance by 49ers QB Alex Smith, who threw every
second pass into the dirt, got a free ride because two muffed punt returns by
Kyle Williams - a fourth-quarter bouncing kick that glanced off his knee when he
ought to have stayed miles away from it, the other an overtime fumble - gifted
the New York Giants exactly half their points, including the winning field goal,
in a 20-17 victory.

In New England, the Baltimore Ravens failed to take full advantage of a rare
lousy day by Patriots QB Tom Brady, and receiver Lee Evans allowed a touchdown
pass to be jarred from his weak grasp.

But it was kicker Billy Cundiff running late onto the field, head coach John
Harbaugh not calling a timeout, and the kicker yanking a simple 32-yard field
goal wide left that finally allowed the Patriots to escape with a three-point
victory.

Registered Twitter account holders - rarely under their own names, of course,
(cowardly anonymity being an unfortunate hallmark of the medium) but traceable
all the same by a police department, if it wanted to go to the trouble - reacted
to the Williams gaffes Sunday with posts like these (and ones much worse that
are unprintable):

"I hope you, youre (sic) wife, kids and family die, you deserve it"

"If you had just gotten cancer and died like Jo Pa the 49ers would be in the
super bowl."

"Jim Harbaugh, please give KyleWilliams_10 the game ball. And make sure it
explodes when he gets in his car."

The Joe Paterno reference - the 85-year-old, recently fired Penn State head
coach died of lung cancer on Sunday - was a classy touch, wasn't it?

Cundiff ? The Ravens told him not to even look at his Twitter account.

But from the bottom of the media barrel, ESPN's Stephen A. Smith opined: "This
is why Kickers are hated. That boy Cundiff would NOT fly home with my team. He'd
fly commercial."

Now, these are quite clearly the dregs of the sports-fan/ media pool, and the
many others who haven't utterly lost their minds are in the majority. But it
doesn't take many of the former to make you wonder about the fate of humanity.

How did the worst of them get so far over the line that they don't even know
where the line is anymore? Does no one's home have a mirror?

Or is it all right to utter such hate, if it's only the Internet?

It's tempting to say: "Hey, it's Americans, you know what they're like," but
tell that to Paul McCallum, the B.C. Lions' Hall of Fame-bound kicker who missed
an 18-yard field goal in the 2004 playoffs while with Saskatchewan.

The 31-year-old Regina tire salesman who twice threatened to burn down
McCallum's house - including once to his wife's face - lived only a few doors
away. He had two small children. He was handed a suspended sentence, 18 months
probation and 100 hours of community service, and lost his job. That's not
rational thinking.

Two years ago, the Roughriders lost a Grey Cup on the game's last play when they
had too many men on the field, giving Montreal kicker Damon Duval a mulligan on
his missed field goal, and he made it the second time.

Linebacker Sean Lucas, we now know, was the 13th man, but at the time, the team
knew damned well what would happen if he were ever conclusively identified, so
special teams coach Kavis Reed (now the Edmonton Eskimos' head coach) took the
bullet - and it's hardly an exaggeration to say he, and the Roughriders who
stayed admirably mum, may have saved Lucas from being assaulted or worse.

The hatred between the fan bases is so visceral, it's almost incomprehensible.
Boston-Montreal is no better. Fanaticism in, clear thinking out.

It's not healthy.

The reaction on Penn State's campus to Paterno's death - coming a few months
after he was fired for reacting inadequately to years of warning signs (and an
eyewitness account) that a longtime former assistant, Jerry Sandusky, appeared
to be a sexual predator with an affinity for young boys - doesn't augur well for
a university as a place to develop students' critical faculties.

A vigil for the dead coach, and the usual blather on Twitter, makes it seem that
students at PSU blame everything but lung cancer for his death. It wasn't age or
illness, it was the board of trustees who fired him. Or it was the media who
told the Sandusky story. They killed him. He died of a broken heart, and no one
will convince the true believers otherwise.

It's simpler that way.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CONTRA COSTA TIMES, MCT; Some fans can cross the line into the
offensive in support of their teams.; DOUG KAPUSTIN MCCLATCHY-TRIBUNE NEWS
SERVICE;  Ravens kicker Billy Cundiff bore the brunt of fans' vitriol after he
missed a short goal against the Patriots on Sunday.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              924 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 6, 1993, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Waste, Inefficiency and Deja Vu

SECTION: Section 1; Page 20; Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 407 words


On his 43d day in office President Clinton summoned seven Senators, six
Representatives and the White House press corps to proclaim a "terribly
important initiative." He's going to root out bureaucratic waste.

Sounds worthy -- and familiar.

The initiative is a six-month "national performance review" of the whole Federal
Government, challenging "the basic assumptions of every program."

Putting the Vice President in charge wasn't a bad idea; Vice Presidents need
something to do. Opening up toll-free phone numbers for public input was
sensible, too. But the President taxes credulity when he suggests that he's
reinventing the wheel or even, in the current political jargon, reinventing
government.

He acknowledges that the bureaucracy has been re-examined before -- by, among
others, two Hoover Commissions, a Grace Commission and a Packard Commission. But
Mr. Clinton belittles their contributions by saying his review "will not produce
another report just to gather dust in some warehouse."

Vice President Gore should first get a dust rag and take a good look at the
widespread waste already identified by those and other commissions, as well as
the General Accounting Office and several committees of Congress. And the Grace
Commission lives on. Its successor organization, Citizens Against Government
Waste, has just issued its third annual "Pig Book," enumerating 66 pork-barrel
projects in last year's appropriations bills, at a cost of $700 million.

Examples: a $25 million supercomputer for the University of Alaska to study how
to trap energy from the aurora borealis, sponsored by Senator Ted Stevens of
Alaska. An additional $13 million for the Steamtown National Historic Site in
Scranton, Pa. And $2 million for a covered skywalk in downtown Tacoma, Wash.
Called "Walk on the Mountain," it offers a distant view of Mount Rainier; but,
the report asserts, "only on Tacoma's 57 clear days a year."

President Clinton's performance review will have no trouble uncovering waste.
The problem has always been, and will be this time, stopping it. It's hard
enough trying to kill individual projects like supercomputers and skywalks. It
is harder still to get at things like the fringe benefits bestowed on Federal
employees.

Mr. Clinton cannot be faulted for his lofty intent, "to redesign, to reinvent,
to reinvigorate the entire national Government." But hold the applause until Mr.
Gore shows some results.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              925 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                          November 18, 2009 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

What's a parent to do when teacher is the bully?

BYLINE: KATHY MITCHELL and MARCY SUGAR, Creators Syndicate

SECTION: NEWS; Annie's Mailbox; Pg. B26

LENGTH: 365  words


Dear Annie: We were relatively happy with our children's education until our
oldest started Grade 5. His teacher is mean and degrading and belittles students
daily. What's worse, she seems to get pleasure from her horrible treatment. We
have talked to the principal. We have been told we need to talk to the teacher
to try to fix this problem. Our son is on a waiting list to be moved out of the
class. It is very apparent that the teacher is protected against any
ramifications of her terrible behaviour. I have searched for some type of
advocacy group that would help support the children and have come up empty. How
do we take a stand against the public school system and the unions that protect
the teachers?

Frustrated

Dear Frustrated: Did you take the principal's advice and speak to the teacher?
You'd be surprised how many times these issues can be defused by respectfully
asking the teacher how you can help your child do better in her class. It's
wonderful that you are a forceful advocate for your child. Every parent should
be. Until your son can be transferred, we urge you to explain that he will
encounter difficult people in life, including teachers, and it will help to
learn the coping skills.

Dear Annie: After 20 years of marriage, my wife and I separated, with the plan
that I would undergo therapy to discover why I had become disconnected from her.
We agreed that after eight months we would attend joint counseling sessions.
After six months, I discovered she had had sex with a man and then later with a
woman. She stated, "We're separated, so I feel free to date and do not regret
it." I consider this adultery. What do you think?

Husband of a Sudden

Bisexual

Dear Husband: A legal separation often gives spouses tacit permission to date
others. But you have a bigger problem. If your wife is bisexual, your marriage
may not be reconcilable. If she isn't already in counseling, you should make it
a condition of your continued efforts to save the relationship. Provided, of
course, you still want to.

- Email questions to anniesmailbox@comcast.net or write to: Annie's Mailbox,
P.O. Box 118190, Chicago, Ill., 60611. Visit www.creators.com to learn more
about Annie's Mailbox.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              926 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      Northern Daily News (Kirkland Lake)

                           August 24, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Social media wins gold for backlash to sexism

BYLINE: Craig and Marc Kielburger, Northern Daily News (Kirkland Lake)

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 586  words


As the Rio Olympics draw to a close, there's a new satirical spectator sport,
parsing the nightly highlight reels that belittle the achievements of female
athletes.

It's called "Olympic media sexism bingo" using a card posted by comedian Megan
Ford on her Twitter account. If a sportscaster remarks on a female athlete's
fashion instead of her forehand, mark your card. Ditto if a female athlete older
than 21 is called a girl. Or if a commentator says a woman is performing "as
good as a man." Mark your card.

Sexism bingo is one of many recent examples of social media users piling into
the ring to take gender stereotypes - in sports and other media - down for the
count.

Women have been responsible for some of the most memorable moments of the 2016
Summer Olympic Games. These moments were marred by enough sexist commentary to
win the bingo game many times over. Women's accomplishments were relentlessly
diminished, compared to and credited to men. Still, for every biased and
demeaning comment, social media took offenders to task, to the degree that
sexism itself became a headline story of the Games.

While social media is often seen as the domain of trolls, Rio was an incredible
demonstration of its power to combat small-minded discrimination.

When Hungarian swimmer Katinka Hosszu broke a world record to take gold in the
400-metre event, cameras panned to her husband and coach. "Here's the man
responsible," said NBC reporter Dan Hicks. Twitter lit up with a backlash that
forced Hicks on the defensive, awkwardly admitting he regretted his statement.

After Corey Cogdell took bronze in trapshooting, the Chicago Tribune robbed her
of her identity with the tweet: "Wife of a Bears' lineman wins a bronze medal"
(Cogdell's husband is NFL player Mitch Unrein). Faced with a social media
uproar, the Tribune penned a second article praising Cogdell's accomplishments.

Canadian kayaker Adam Van Koeverden deserves a medal for using his blog to call
out rower Adam Kreek for sexist comments about tennis player Eugenie Bouchard.
"If men don't call out men when we are being sexist, then we are not a part of
the solution, and the problem persists," Van Koeverden wrote.

But the Olympics aren't the only example. Social media also is giving the red
card to sexism in advertising.

Earlier this year, LG Canada ran an ad campaign for washers with slogans like,
"Less washing time means more shopping time." A deluge of online criticism
forced the appliance maker to apologize for the stereotyping. Meanwhile, an
Irish ad campaign for Sprite was savaged on social media this month for
offensive slights like "She's seen more ceilings than Michelangelo."

Consumers today have an unprecedented platform to counter gender stereotyping in
advertising, says Lisa Kimmel, CEO of PR firm Edelman Canada. "You can speak up
through social media and, perhaps more importantly, speak with your wallet."

More than 60 per cent of Canadians say they would be less likely to buy a
product from a company that runs sexist ads, according to the 2016 Consumer
Perspectives on Advertising survey.

A virtual mob can deliver consequences to any sportscaster or advertiser that
doesn't think before they speak.

That puts the ball in your court. When you hear sexist or demeaning comments,
don't just put a mark on your bingo card. Get online and tweet about it.
Consider it a goal scored for a more respectful society.

Craig and Marc Kielburger are the co-founders of the WE movement, which includes
WE Charity, ME to WE Social Enterprise and WE Day.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Northern Daily News (Kirkland Lake)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              927 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Northumberland Today.com

                             August 22, 2016 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Social media wins gold for backlash to sexism

BYLINE: Craig And Marc Kielburger, Northumberland Today.Com

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 587  words


As the Rio Olympics draw to a close, there's a new satirical spectator sport,
parsing the nightly highlight reels that belittle the achievements of female
athletes.

It's called "Olympic media sexism bingo" using a card posted by comedian Megan
Ford on her Twitter account. If a sportscaster remarks on a female athlete's
fashion instead of her forehand, mark your card. Ditto if a female athlete older
than 21 is called a girl. Or if a commentator says a woman is performing "as
good as a man." Mark your card.

Sexism bingo is one of many recent examples of social media users piling into
the ring to take gender stereotypes - in sports and other media - down for the
count.

Women have been responsible for some of the most memorable moments of the 2016
Summer Olympic Games. These moments were marred by enough sexist commentary to
win the bingo game many times over. Women's accomplishments were relentlessly
diminished, compared to and credited to men. Still, for every biased and
demeaning comment, social media took offenders to task, to the degree that
sexism itself became a headline story of the Games.

While social media is often seen as the domain of trolls, Rio was an incredible
demonstration of its power to combat small-minded discrimination.

When Hungarian swimmer Katinka Hosszu broke a world record to take gold in the
400-metre event, cameras panned to her husband and coach. "Here's the man
responsible," said NBC reporter Dan Hicks. Twitter lit up with a backlash that
forced Hicks on the defensive, awkwardly admitting he regretted his statement.

After Corey Cogdell took bronze in trapshooting, the Chicago Tribune robbed her
of

her identity with the tweet: "Wife of a Bears' lineman wins a bronze medal"
(Cogdell's husband is NFL player Mitch Unrein). Faced with a social media
uproar, the Tribune penned a second article praising Cogdell's accomplishments.

Canadian kayaker Adam Van Koeverden deserves a medal for using his blog to call
out rower Adam Kreek for sexist comments about tennis player Eugenie Bouchard.
"If men don't call out men when we are being sexist, then we are not a part of
the solution, and the problem persists," Van Koeverden wrote.

But the Olympics aren't the only example. Social media also is giving the red
card to sexism in advertising.

Earlier this year, LG Canada ran an ad campaign for washers with slogans like,
"Less washing time means more shopping time." A deluge of online criticism
forced the appliance maker to apologize for the stereotyping. Meanwhile, an
Irish ad campaign for Sprite was savaged on social media this month for
offensive slights like "She's seen more ceilings than Michelangelo."

Consumers today have an unprecedented platform to counter gender stereotyping in
advertising, says Lisa Kimmel, CEO of PR firm Edelman Canada. "You can speak up
through social media and, perhaps more importantly, speak with your wallet."

More than 60 per cent of Canadians say they would be less likely to buy a
product from a company that runs sexist ads, according to the 2016 Consumer
Perspectives on Advertising survey. A virtual mob can deliver consequences to
any sportscaster or advertiser that doesn't think before they speak.

That puts the ball in your court. When you hear sexist or demeaning comments,
don't just put a mark on your bingo card. Get online and tweet about it.
Consider it a goal scored for a more respectful society. Craig and Marc
Kielburger are the co-founders of the WE movement, which includes WE Charity, ME
to WE Social Enterprise and WE Day.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Northumberland Today.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              928 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                Barrie Examiner

                            August 20, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Social media wins gold for backlash to sexism

BYLINE: Craig and Marc Kielburger, The Barrie Examiner

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 597  words


As the Rio Olympics draw to a close, there's a new satirical spectator sport,
parsing the nightly highlight reels that belittle the achievements of female
athletes.

It's called "Olympic media sexism bingo" using a card posted by comedian Megan
Ford on her Twitter account. If a sportscaster remarks on a female athlete's
fashion instead of her forehand, mark your card. Ditto if a female athlete older
than 21 is called a girl. Or if a commentator says a woman is performing "as
good as a man." Mark your card.

Sexism bingo is one of many recent examples of social media users piling into
the ring to take gender stereotypes - in sports and other media - down for the
count.

Women have been responsible for some of the most memorable moments of the 2016
Summer Olympic Games. These moments were marred by enough sexist commentary to
win the bingo game many times over. Women's accomplishments were relentlessly
diminished, compared to and credited to men. Still, for every biased and
demeaning comment, social media took offenders to task, to the degree that
sexism itself became a headline story of the Games.

While social media is often seen as the domain of trolls, Rio was an incredible
demonstration of its power to combat small-minded discrimination.

When Hungarian swimmer Katinka Hosszu broke a world record to take gold in the
400-metre event, cameras panned to her husband and coach. "Here's the man
responsible," said NBC reporter Dan Hicks. Twitter lit up with a backlash that
forced Hicks on the defensive, awkwardly admitting he regretted his statement.

After Corey Cogdell took bronze in trapshooting, the Chicago Tribune robbed her
of her identity with the tweet: "Wife of a Bears' lineman wins a bronze medal"
(Cogdell's husband is NFL player Mitch Unrein). Faced with a social media
uproar, the Tribune penned a second article praising Cogdell's accomplishments.

Canadian kayaker Adam Van Koeverden deserves a medal for using his blog to call
out rower Adam Kreek for sexist comments about tennis player Eugenie Bouchard.
"If men don't call out men when we are being sexist, then we are not a part of
the solution, and the problem persists," Van Koeverden wrote.

But the Olympics aren't the only example. Social media also is giving the red
card to sexism in advertising.

Earlier this year, LG Canada ran an ad campaign for washers with slogans like,
"Less washing time means more shopping time." A deluge of online criticism
forced the appliance maker to apologize for the stereotyping. Meanwhile, an
Irish ad campaign for Sprite was savaged on social media this month for
offensive slights like "She's seen more ceilings than Michelangelo."

Consumers today have an unprecedented platform to counter gender stereotyping in
advertising, says Lisa Kimmel, CEO of PR firm Edelman Canada. "You can speak up
through social media and, perhaps more importantly, speak with your wallet."

More than 60 per cent of Canadians say they would be less likely to buy a
product from a company that runs sexist ads, according to the 2016 Consumer
Perspectives on Advertising survey.

A virtual mob can deliver consequences to any sportscaster or advertiser that
doesn't think before they speak.

That puts the ball in your court. When you hear sexist or demeaning comments,
don't just put a mark on your bingo card. Get online and tweet about it.
Consider it a goal scored for a more respectful society.

Craig and Marc Kielburger are the co-founders of the WE movement, which includes
WE Charity, ME to WE Social Enterprise and WE Day. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey
Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Barrie Examiner
                              All Rights Reserved


                              929 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Brantford Expositor

                            August 20, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Social media wins gold for backlash to sexism

BYLINE: Craig And Marc Kielburger, Brantford Expositor

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 597  words


As the Rio Olympics draw to a close, there's a new satirical spectator sport,
parsing the nightly highlight reels that belittle the achievements of female
athletes.

It's called "Olympic media sexism bingo" using a card posted by comedian Megan
Ford on her Twitter account. If a sportscaster remarks on a female athlete's
fashion instead of her forehand, mark your card. Ditto if a female athlete older
than 21 is called a girl. Or if a commentator says a woman is performing "as
good as a man." Mark your card.

Sexism bingo is one of many recent examples of social media users piling into
the ring to take gender stereotypes - in sports and other media - down for the
count.

Women have been responsible for some of the most memorable moments of the 2016
Summer Olympic Games. These moments were marred by enough sexist commentary to
win the bingo game many times over. Women's accomplishments were relentlessly
diminished, compared to and credited to men. Still, for every biased and
demeaning comment, social media took offenders to task, to the degree that
sexism itself became a headline story of the Games.

While social media is often seen as the domain of trolls, Rio was an incredible
demonstration of its power to combat small-minded discrimination.

When Hungarian swimmer Katinka Hosszu broke a world record to take gold in the
400-metre event, cameras panned to her husband and coach. "Here's the man
responsible," said NBC reporter Dan Hicks. Twitter lit up with a backlash that
forced Hicks on the defensive, awkwardly admitting he regretted his statement.

After Corey Cogdell took bronze in trapshooting, the Chicago Tribune robbed her
of her identity with the tweet: "Wife of a Bears' lineman wins a bronze medal"
(Cogdell's husband is NFL player Mitch Unrein). Faced with a social media
uproar, the Tribune penned a second article praising Cogdell's accomplishments.

Canadian kayaker Adam Van Koeverden deserves a medal for using his blog to call
out rower Adam Kreek for sexist comments about tennis player Eugenie Bouchard.
"If men don't call out men when we are being sexist, then we are not a part of
the solution, and the problem persists," Van Koeverden wrote.

But the Olympics aren't the only example. Social media also is giving the red
card to sexism in advertising.

Earlier this year, LG Canada ran an ad campaign for washers with slogans like,
"Less washing time means more shopping time." A deluge of online criticism
forced the appliance maker to apologize for the stereotyping. Meanwhile, an
Irish ad campaign for Sprite was savaged on social media this month for
offensive slights like "She's seen more ceilings than Michelangelo."

Consumers today have an unprecedented platform to counter gender stereotyping in
advertising, says Lisa Kimmel, CEO of PR firm Edelman Canada. "You can speak up
through social media and, perhaps more importantly, speak with your wallet."

More than 60 per cent of Canadians say they would be less likely to buy a
product from a company that runs sexist ads, according to the 2016 Consumer
Perspectives on Advertising survey.

A virtual mob can deliver consequences to any sportscaster or advertiser that
doesn't think before they speak.

That puts the ball in your court. When you hear sexist or demeaning comments,
don't just put a mark on your bingo card. Get online and tweet about it.
Consider it a goal scored for a more respectful society.

Craig and Marc Kielburger are the co-founders of the WE movement, which includes
WE Charity, ME to WE Social Enterprise and WE Day. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey
Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Brantford Expositor
                              All Rights Reserved


                              930 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Brockville Recorder & Times

                            August 20, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Social media wins gold for backlash to sexism

BYLINE: Craig and Marc Kielburger, The Brockville Recorder &; Times

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 597  words


As the Rio Olympics draw to a close, there's a new satirical spectator sport,
parsing the nightly highlight reels that belittle the achievements of female
athletes.

It's called "Olympic media sexism bingo" using a card posted by comedian Megan
Ford on her Twitter account. If a sportscaster remarks on a female athlete's
fashion instead of her forehand, mark your card. Ditto if a female athlete older
than 21 is called a girl. Or if a commentator says a woman is performing "as
good as a man." Mark your card.

Sexism bingo is one of many recent examples of social media users piling into
the ring to take gender stereotypes - in sports and other media - down for the
count.

Women have been responsible for some of the most memorable moments of the 2016
Summer Olympic Games. These moments were marred by enough sexist commentary to
win the bingo game many times over. Women's accomplishments were relentlessly
diminished, compared to and credited to men. Still, for every biased and
demeaning comment, social media took offenders to task, to the degree that
sexism itself became a headline story of the Games.

While social media is often seen as the domain of trolls, Rio was an incredible
demonstration of its power to combat small-minded discrimination.

When Hungarian swimmer Katinka Hosszu broke a world record to take gold in the
400-metre event, cameras panned to her husband and coach. "Here's the man
responsible," said NBC reporter Dan Hicks. Twitter lit up with a backlash that
forced Hicks on the defensive, awkwardly admitting he regretted his statement.

After Corey Cogdell took bronze in trapshooting, the Chicago Tribune robbed her
of her identity with the tweet: "Wife of a Bears' lineman wins a bronze medal"
(Cogdell's husband is NFL player Mitch Unrein). Faced with a social media
uproar, the Tribune penned a second article praising Cogdell's accomplishments.

Canadian kayaker Adam Van Koeverden deserves a medal for using his blog to call
out rower Adam Kreek for sexist comments about tennis player Eugenie Bouchard.
"If men don't call out men when we are being sexist, then we are not a part of
the solution, and the problem persists," Van Koeverden wrote.

But the Olympics aren't the only example. Social media also is giving the red
card to sexism in advertising.

Earlier this year, LG Canada ran an ad campaign for washers with slogans like,
"Less washing time means more shopping time." A deluge of online criticism
forced the appliance maker to apologize for the stereotyping. Meanwhile, an
Irish ad campaign for Sprite was savaged on social media this month for
offensive slights like "She's seen more ceilings than Michelangelo."

Consumers today have an unprecedented platform to counter gender stereotyping in
advertising, says Lisa Kimmel, CEO of PR firm Edelman Canada. "You can speak up
through social media and, perhaps more importantly, speak with your wallet."

More than 60 per cent of Canadians say they would be less likely to buy a
product from a company that runs sexist ads, according to the 2016 Consumer
Perspectives on Advertising survey.

A virtual mob can deliver consequences to any sportscaster or advertiser that
doesn't think before they speak.

That puts the ball in your court. When you hear sexist or demeaning comments,
don't just put a mark on your bingo card. Get online and tweet about it.
Consider it a goal scored for a more respectful society.

Craig and Marc Kielburger are the co-founders of the WE movement, which includes
WE Charity, ME to WE Social Enterprise and WE Day. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media
Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Brockville Recorder & Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              931 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               Chatham Daily News

                            August 20, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Social media wins gold for backlash to sexism

BYLINE: Craig And Marc Kielburger, The Chatham Daily News

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 597  words


as the rio Olympics draw to a close, there's a new satirical spectator sport,
parsing the nightly highlight reels that belittle the achievements of female
athletes.

it's called "Olympic media sexism bingo" using a card posted by comedian megan
Ford on her twitter account. if a sportscaster remarks on a female athlete's
fashion instead of her forehand, mark your card. ditto if a female athlete older
than 21 is called a girl. Or if a commentator says a woman is performing "as
good as a man." mark your card.

Sexism bingo is one of many recent examples of social media users piling into
the ring to take gender stereotypes - in sports and other media - down for the
count.

women have been responsible for some of the most memorable moments of the 2016
Summer Olympic games. these moments were marred by enough sexist commentary to
win the bingo game many times over. women's accomplishments were relentlessly
diminished, compared to and credited to men. Still, for every biased and
demeaning comment, social media took offenders to task, to the degree that
sexism itself became a headline story of the games.

while social media is often seen as the domain of trolls, rio was an incredible
demonstration of its power to combat small-minded discrimination.

when hungarian swimmer Katinka hosszu broke a world record to take gold in the
400-metre event, cameras panned to her husband and coach. "here's the man
responsible," said NBC reporter dan hicks. twitter lit up with a backlash that
forced hicks on the defensive, awkwardly admitting he regretted his statement.

after Corey Cogdell took bronze in trapshooting, the Chicago Tribune robbed her
of her identity with the tweet: "wife of a Bears' lineman wins a bronze medal"
(Cogdell's husband is NFl player mitch unrein). Faced with a social media
uproar, the Tribune penned a second article praising Cogdell's accomplishments.

Canadian kayaker adam Van Koeverden deserves a medal for using his blog to call
out rower adam Kreek for sexist comments about tennis player eugenie Bouchard.
"if men don't call out men when we are being sexist, then we are not a part of
the solution, and the problem persists," Van Koeverden wrote.

But the Olympics aren't the only example. Social media also is giving the red
card to sexism in advertising.

earlier this year, lg Canada ran an ad campaign for washers with slogans like,
"less washing time means more shopping time." a deluge of online criticism
forced the appliance maker to apologize for the stereotyping. meanwhile, an
irish ad campaign for Sprite was savaged on social media this month for
offensive slights like "She's seen more ceilings than michelangelo."

Consumers today have an unprecedented platform to counter gender stereotyping in
advertising, says lisa Kimmel, CeO of Pr firm edelman Canada. "you can speak up
through social media and, perhaps more importantly, speak with your wallet."

more than 60 per cent of Canadians say they would be less likely to buy a
product from a company that runs sexist ads, according to the 2016 Consumer
Perspectives on advertising survey.

a virtual mob can deliver consequences to any sportscaster or advertiser that
doesn't think before they speak.

that puts the ball in your court. when you hear sexist or demeaning comments,
don't just put a mark on your bingo card. get online and tweet about it.
Consider it a goal scored for a more respectful society.

Craig and Marc Kielburger are the co-founders of the WE movement, which includes
WE Charity, ME to WE Social Enterprise and WE Day. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey
Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Chatham Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              932 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          Cornwall Standard Freeholder

                            August 20, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Social media wins gold for backlash to sexism

BYLINE: Craig and Marc Kielburger, Cornwall Standard Freeholder

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 597  words


As the Rio Olympics draw to a close, there's a new satirical spectator sport,
parsing the nightly highlight reels that belittle the achievements of female
athletes.

It's called "Olympic media sexism bingo" using a card posted by comedian Megan
Ford on her Twitter account. If a sportscaster remarks on a female athlete's
fashion instead of her forehand, mark your card. Ditto if a female athlete older
than 21 is called a girl. Or if a commentator says a woman is performing "as
good as a man." Mark your card.

Sexism bingo is one of many recent examples of social media users piling into
the ring to take gender stereotypes - in sports and other media - down for the
count.

Women have been responsible for some of the most memorable moments of the 2016
Summer Olympic Games. These moments were marred by enough sexist commentary to
win the bingo game many times over. Women's accomplishments were relentlessly
diminished, compared to and credited to men. Still, for every biased and
demeaning comment, social media took offenders to task, to the degree that
sexism itself became a headline story of the Games.

While social media is often seen as the domain of trolls, Rio was an incredible
demonstration of its power to combat small-minded discrimination.

When Hungarian swimmer Katinka Hosszu broke a world record to take gold in the
400-metre event, cameras panned to her husband and coach. "Here's the man
responsible," said NBC reporter Dan Hicks. Twitter lit up with a backlash that
forced Hicks on the defensive, awkwardly admitting he regretted his statement.

After Corey Cogdell took bronze in trapshooting, the Chicago Tribune robbed her
of her identity with the tweet: "Wife of a Bears' lineman wins a bronze medal"
(Cogdell's husband is NFL player Mitch Unrein). Faced with a social media
uproar, the Tribune penned a second article praising Cogdell's accomplishments.

Canadian kayaker Adam Van Koeverden deserves a medal for using his blog to call
out rower Adam Kreek for sexist comments about tennis player Eugenie Bouchard.
"If men don't call out men when we are being sexist, then we are not a part of
the solution, and the problem persists," Van Koeverden wrote.

But the Olympics aren't the only example. Social media also is giving the red
card to sexism in advertising.

Earlier this year, LG Canada ran an ad campaign for washers with slogans like,
"Less washing time means more shopping time." A deluge of online criticism
forced the appliance maker to apologize for the stereotyping. Meanwhile, an
Irish ad campaign for Sprite was savaged on social media this month for
offensive slights like "She's seen more ceilings than Michelangelo."

Consumers today have an unprecedented platform to counter gender stereotyping in
advertising, says Lisa Kimmel, CEO of PR firm Edelman Canada. "You can speak up
through social media and, perhaps more importantly, speak with your wallet."

More than 60 per cent of Canadians say they would be less likely to buy a
product from a company that runs sexist ads, according to the 2016 Consumer
Perspectives on Advertising survey.

A virtual mob can deliver consequences to any sportscaster or advertiser that
doesn't think before they speak.

That puts the ball in your court. When you hear sexist or demeaning comments,
don't just put a mark on your bingo card. Get online and tweet about it.
Consider it a goal scored for a more respectful society.

Craig and Marc Kielburger are the co-founders of the WE movement, which includes
WE Charity, ME to WE Social Enterprise and WE Day. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey
Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Cornwall Standard Freeholder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              933 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily Observer (Pembroke)

                            August 20, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Social media wins gold for backlash to sexism

BYLINE: Craig And Marc Kielburger, Daily Observer (Pembroke)

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 597  words


As the Rio Olympics draw to a close, there's a new satirical spectator sport,
parsing the nightly highlight reels that belittle the achievements of female
athletes.

It's called "Olympic media sexism bingo" using a card posted by comedian Megan
Ford on her Twitter account. If a sportscaster remarks on a female athlete's
fashion instead of her forehand, mark your card. Ditto if a female athlete older
than 21 is called a girl. Or if a commentator says a woman is performing "as
good as a man." Mark your card.

Sexism bingo is one of many recent examples of social media users piling into
the ring to take gender stereotypes - in sports and other media - down for the
count.

Women have been responsible for some of the most memorable moments of the 2016
Summer Olympic Games. These moments were marred by enough sexist commentary to
win the bingo game many times over. Women's accomplishments were relentlessly
diminished, compared to and credited to men. Still, for every biased and
demeaning comment, social media took offenders to task, to the degree that
sexism itself became a headline story of the Games.

While social media is often seen as the domain of trolls, Rio was an incredible
demonstration of its power to combat small-minded discrimination.

When Hungarian swimmer Katinka Hosszu broke a world record to take gold in the
400-metre event, cameras panned to her husband and coach. "Here's the man
responsible," said NBC reporter Dan Hicks. Twitter lit up with a backlash that
forced Hicks on the defensive, awkwardly admitting he regretted his statement.

After Corey Cogdell took bronze in trapshooting, the Chicago Tribune robbed her
of her identity with the tweet: "Wife of a Bears' lineman wins a bronze medal"
(Cogdell's husband is NFL player Mitch Unrein). Faced with a social media
uproar, the Tribune penned a second article praising Cogdell's accomplishments.

Canadian kayaker Adam Van Koeverden deserves a medal for using his blog to call
out rower Adam Kreek for sexist comments about tennis player Eugenie Bouchard.
"If men don't call out men when we are being sexist, then we are not a part of
the solution, and the problem persists," Van Koeverden wrote.

But the Olympics aren't the only example. Social media also is giving the red
card to sexism in advertising.

Earlier this year, LG Canada ran an ad campaign for washers with slogans like,
"Less washing time means more shopping time." A deluge of online criticism
forced the appliance maker to apologize for the stereotyping. Meanwhile, an
Irish ad campaign for Sprite was savaged on social media this month for
offensive slights like "She's seen more ceilings than Michelangelo."

Consumers today have an unprecedented platform to counter gender stereotyping in
advertising, says Lisa Kimmel, CEO of PR firm Edelman Canada. "You can speak up
through social media and, perhaps more importantly, speak with your wallet."

More than 60 per cent of Canadians say they would be less likely to buy a
product from a company that runs sexist ads, according to the 2016 Consumer
Perspectives on Advertising survey.

A virtual mob can deliver consequences to any sportscaster or advertiser that
doesn't think before they speak.

That puts the ball in your court. When you hear sexist or demeaning comments,
don't just put a mark on your bingo card. Get online and tweet about it.
Consider it a goal scored for a more respectful society.

Craig and Marc Kielburger are the co-founders of the WE movement, which includes
WE Charity, ME to WE Social Enterprise and WE Day. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey
Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Daily Observer (Pembroke)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              934 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                             Kingston Whig-Standard

                            August 20, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Social media wins gold for backlash to sexism

BYLINE: Craig And Marc Kielburger, The Whig-Standard

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 597  words


As the Rio Olympics draw to a close, there's a new satirical spectator sport,
parsing the nightly highlight reels that belittle the achievements of female
athletes.

It's called "Olympic media sexism bingo" using a card posted by comedian Megan
Ford on her Twitter account. If a sportscaster remarks on a female athlete's
fashion instead of her forehand, mark your card. Ditto if a female athlete older
than 21 is called a girl. Or if a commentator says a woman is performing "as
good as a man." Mark your card.

Sexism bingo is one of many recent examples of social media users piling into
the ring to take gender stereotypes - in sports and other media - down for the
count.

Women have been responsible for some of the most memorable moments of the 2016
Summer Olympic Games. These moments were marred by enough sexist commentary to
win the bingo game many times over. Women's accomplishments were relentlessly
diminished, compared to and credited to men. Still, for every biased and
demeaning comment, social media took offenders to task, to the degree that
sexism itself became a headline story of the Games.

While social media is often seen as the domain of trolls, Rio was an incredible
demonstration of its power to combat small-minded discrimination.

When Hungarian swimmer Katinka Hosszu broke a world record to take gold in the
400-metre event, cameras panned to her husband and coach. "Here's the man
responsible," said NBC reporter Dan Hicks. Twitter lit up with a backlash that
forced Hicks on the defensive, awkwardly admitting he regretted his statement.

After Corey Cogdell took bronze in trapshooting, the Chicago Tribune robbed her
of her identity with the tweet: "Wife of a Bears' lineman wins a bronze medal"
(Cogdell's husband is NFL player Mitch Unrein). Faced with a social media
uproar, the Tribune penned a second article praising Cogdell's accomplishments.

Canadian kayaker Adam Van Koeverden deserves a medal for using his blog to call
out rower Adam Kreek for sexist comments about tennis player Eugenie Bouchard.
"If men don't call out men when we are being sexist, then we are not a part of
the solution, and the problem persists," Van Koeverden wrote.

But the Olympics aren't the only example. Social media also is giving the red
card to sexism in advertising.

Earlier this year, LG Canada ran an ad campaign for washers with slogans like,
"Less washing time means more shopping time." A deluge of online criticism
forced the appliance maker to apologize for the stereotyping. Meanwhile, an
Irish ad campaign for Sprite was savaged on social media this month for
offensive slights like "She's seen more ceilings than Michelangelo."

Consumers today have an unprecedented platform to counter gender stereotyping in
advertising, says Lisa Kimmel, CEO of PR firm Edelman Canada. "You can speak up
through social media and, perhaps more importantly, speak with your wallet."

More than 60 per cent of Canadians say they would be less likely to buy a
product from a company that runs sexist ads, according to the 2016 Consumer
Perspectives on Advertising survey.

A virtual mob can deliver consequences to any sportscaster or advertiser that
doesn't think before they speak.

That puts the ball in your court. When you hear sexist or demeaning comments,
don't just put a mark on your bingo card. Get online and tweet about it.
Consider it a goal scored for a more respectful society.

Craig and Marc Kielburger are the co-founders of the WE movement, which includes
WE Charity, ME to WE Social Enterprise and WE Day. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey
Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Kingston Whig-Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              935 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               London Free Press

                            August 20, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Social media wins gold for backlash to sexism

BYLINE: Craig And Marc Kielburger, London Free Press

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. E2

LENGTH: 597  words


AS the Rio Olympics draw to a close, there's a new satirical spectator sport,
parsing the nightly highlight reels that belittle the achievements of female
athletes.

It's called "Olympic media sexism bingo" using a card posted by comedian Megan
Ford on her Twitter account. If a sportscaster remarks on a female athlete's
fashion instead of her forehand, mark your card. Ditto if a female athlete older
than 21 is called a girl. Or if a commentator says a woman is performing "as
good as a man." Mark your card.

Sexism bingo is one of many recent examples of social media users piling into
the ring to take gender stereotypes - in sports and other media - down for the
count.

Women have been responsible for some of the most memorable moments of the 2016
Summer Olympic Games. These moments were marred by enough sexist commentary to
win the bingo game many times over. Women's accomplishments were relentlessly
diminished, compared to and credited to men. Still, for every biased and
demeaning comment, social media took offenders to task, to the degree that
sexism itself became a headline story of the Games.

While social media is often seen as the domain of trolls, Rio was an incredible
demonstration of its power to combat small-minded discrimination.

When Hungarian swimmer Katinka Hosszu broke a world record to take gold in the
400-metre event, cameras panned to her husband and coach. "Here's the man
responsible," said NBC reporter Dan Hicks. Twitter lit up with a backlash that
forced Hicks on the defensive, awkwardly admitting he regretted his statement.

After Corey Cogdell took bronze in trapshooting, the Chicago Tribune robbed her
of her identity with the tweet: "Wife of a Bears' lineman wins a bronze medal"
(Cogdell's husband is NFL player Mitch Unrein). Faced with a social media
uproar, the Tribune penned a second article praising Cogdell's accomplishments.

Canadian kayaker Adam Van Koeverden deserves a medal for using his blog to call
out rower Adam Kreek for sexist comments about tennis player Eugenie Bouchard.
"If men don't call out men when we are being sexist, then we are not a part of
the solution, and the problem persists," Van Koeverden wrote.

But the Olympics aren't the only example. Social media also is giving the red
card to sexism in advertising.

Earlier this year, LG Canada ran an ad campaign for washers with slogans like
"Less washing time means more shopping time." A deluge of online criticism
forced the appliance maker to apologize for the stereotyping. Meanwhile, an
Irish ad campaign for Sprite was savaged on social media this month for
offensive slights like "She's seen more ceilings than Michelangelo."

Consumers today have an unprecedented platform to counter gender stereotyping in
advertising, says Lisa Kimmel, CEO of PR firm Edelman Canada. "You can speak up
through social media and, perhaps more importantly, speak with your wallet."

More than 60 per cent of Canadians say they would be less likely to buy a
product from a company that runs sexist ads, according to the 2016 Consumer
Perspectives on Advertising survey.

A virtual mob can deliver consequences to any sportscaster or advertiser that
doesn't think before they speak.

That puts the ball in your court. When you hear sexist or demeaning comments,
don't just put a mark on your bingo card. Get online and tweet about it.
Consider it a goal scored for a more respectful society.

Craig and Marc Kielburger are the co-founders of the WE movement, which includes
WE Charity, ME to WE Social Enterprise and WE Day. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media
Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 London Free Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              936 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Niagara Falls Review

                            August 20, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Social media wins gold for backlash to sexism

BYLINE: Craig And Marc Kielburger, Niagara Falls Review

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 597  words


As the Rio Olympics draw to a close, there's a new satirical spectator sport,
parsing the nightly highlight reels that belittle the achievements of female
athletes.

It's called "Olympic media sexism bingo" using a card posted by comedian Megan
Ford on her Twitter account. If a sportscaster remarks on a female athlete's
fashion instead of her forehand, mark your card. Ditto if a female athlete older
than 21 is called a girl. Or if a commentator says a woman is performing "as
good as a man." Mark your card.

Sexism bingo is one of many recent examples of social media users piling into
the ring to take gender stereotypes - in sports and other media - down for the
count.

Women have been responsible for some of the most memorable moments of the 2016
Summer Olympic Games. These moments were marred by enough sexist commentary to
win the bingo game many times over. Women's accomplishments were relentlessly
diminished, compared to and credited to men. Still, for every biased and
demeaning comment, social media took offenders to task, to the degree that
sexism itself became a headline story of the Games.

While social media is often seen as the domain of trolls, Rio was an incredible
demonstration of its power to combat small-minded discrimination.

When Hungarian swimmer Katinka Hosszu broke a world record to take gold in the
400-metre event, cameras panned to her husband and coach. "Here's the man
responsible," said NBC reporter Dan Hicks. Twitter lit up with a backlash that
forced Hicks on the defensive, awkwardly admitting he regretted his statement.

After Corey Cogdell took bronze in trapshooting, the Chicago Tribune robbed her
of her identity with the tweet: "Wife of a Bears' lineman wins a bronze medal"
(Cogdell's husband is NFL player Mitch Unrein). Faced with a social media
uproar, the Tribune penned a second article praising Cogdell's accomplishments.

Canadian kayaker Adam Van Koeverden deserves a medal for using his blog to call
out rower Adam Kreek for sexist comments about tennis player Eugenie Bouchard.
"If men don't call out men when we are being sexist, then we are not a part of
the solution, and the problem persists," Van Koeverden wrote.

But the Olympics aren't the only example. Social media also is giving the red
card to sexism in advertising.

Earlier this year, LG Canada ran an ad campaign for washers with slogans like,
"Less washing time means more shopping time." A deluge of online criticism
forced the appliance maker to apologize for the stereotyping. Meanwhile, an
Irish ad campaign for Sprite was savaged on social media this month for
offensive slights like "She's seen more ceilings than Michelangelo."

Consumers today have an unprecedented platform to counter gender stereotyping in
advertising, says Lisa Kimmel, CEO of PR firm Edelman Canada. "You can speak up
through social media and, perhaps more importantly, speak with your wallet."

More than 60 per cent of Canadians say they would be less likely to buy a
product from a company that runs sexist ads, according to the 2016 Consumer
Perspectives on Advertising survey.

A virtual mob can deliver consequences to any sportscaster or advertiser that
doesn't think before they speak.

That puts the ball in your court. When you hear sexist or demeaning comments,
don't just put a mark on your bingo card. Get online and tweet about it.
Consider it a goal scored for a more respectful society.

Craig and Marc Kielburger are the co-founders of the WE movement, which includes
WE Charity, ME to WE Social Enterprise and WE Day. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey
Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Niagara Falls Review
                              All Rights Reserved


                              937 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                North Bay Nugget

                            August 20, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Social media wins gold for backlash to sexism

BYLINE: Craig And Marc Kielburger, North Bay Nugget

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 597  words


As the Rio Olympics draw to a close, there's a new satirical spectator sport,
parsing the nightly highlight reels that belittle the achievements of female
athletes.

It's called "Olympic media sexism bingo" using a card posted by comedian Megan
Ford on her Twitter account. If a sportscaster remarks on a female athlete's
fashion instead of her forehand, mark your card. Ditto if a female athlete older
than 21 is called a girl. Or if a commentator says a woman is performing "as
good as a man." Mark your card.

Sexism bingo is one of many recent examples of social media users piling into
the ring to take gender stereotypes - in sports and other media - down for the
count.

Women have been responsible for some of the most memorable moments of the 2016
Summer Olympic Games. These moments were marred by enough sexist commentary to
win the bingo game many times over. Women's accomplishments were relentlessly
diminished, compared to and credited to men. Still, for every biased and
demeaning comment, social media took offenders to task, to the degree that
sexism itself became a headline story of the Games.

While social media is often seen as the domain of trolls, Rio was an incredible
demonstration of its power to combat small-minded discrimination.

When Hungarian swimmer Katinka Hosszu broke a world record to take gold in the
400-metre event, cameras panned to her husband and coach. "Here's the man
responsible," said NBC reporter Dan Hicks. Twitter lit up with a backlash that
forced Hicks on the defensive, awkwardly admitting he regretted his statement.

After Corey Cogdell took bronze in trapshooting, the Chicago Tribune robbed her
of her identity with the tweet: "Wife of a Bears' lineman wins a bronze medal"
(Cogdell's husband is NFL player Mitch Unrein). Faced with a social media
uproar, the Tribune penned a second article praising Cogdell's accomplishments.

Canadian kayaker Adam Van Koeverden deserves a medal for using his blog to call
out rower Adam Kreek for sexist comments about tennis player Eugenie Bouchard.
"If men don't call out men when we are being sexist, then we are not a part of
the solution, and the problem persists," Van Koeverden wrote.

But the Olympics aren't the only example. Social media also is giving the red
card to sexism in advertising.

Earlier this year, LG Canada ran an ad campaign for washers with slogans like,
"Less washing time means more shopping time." A deluge of online criticism
forced the appliance maker to apologize for the stereotyping. Meanwhile, an
Irish ad campaign for Sprite was savaged on social media this month for
offensive slights like "She's seen more ceilings than Michelangelo."

Consumers today have an unprecedented platform to counter gender stereotyping in
advertising, says Lisa Kimmel, CEO of PR firm Edelman Canada. "You can speak up
through social media and, perhaps more importantly, speak with your wallet."

More than 60 per cent of Canadians say they would be less likely to buy a
product from a company that runs sexist ads, according to the 2016 Consumer
Perspectives on Advertising survey.

A virtual mob can deliver consequences to any sportscaster or advertiser that
doesn't think before they speak.

That puts the ball in your court. When you hear sexist or demeaning comments,
don't just put a mark on your bingo card. Get online and tweet about it.
Consider it a goal scored for a more respectful society.

Craig and Marc Kielburger are the co-founders of the WE movement, which includes
WE Charity, ME to WE Social Enterprise and WE Day. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey
Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 North Bay Nugget
                              All Rights Reserved


                              938 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                              Owen Sound Sun Times

                            August 20, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Social media wins gold for backlash to sexism

BYLINE: Craig and Marc Kielburger, Owen Sound Sun Times

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 597  words


As the Rio Olympics draw to a close, there's a new satirical spectator sport,
parsing the nightly highlight reels that belittle the achievements of female
athletes.

It's called "Olympic media sexism bingo" using a card posted by comedian Megan
Ford on her Twitter account. If a sportscaster remarks on a female athlete's
fashion instead of her forehand, mark your card. Ditto if a female athlete older
than 21 is called a girl. Or if a commentator says a woman is performing "as
good as a man." Mark your card.

Sexism bingo is one of many recent examples of social media users piling into
the ring to take gender stereotypes - in sports and other media - down for the
count.

Women have been responsible for some of the most memorable moments of the 2016
Summer Olympic Games. These moments were marred by enough sexist commentary to
win the bingo game many times over. Women's accomplishments were relentlessly
diminished, compared to and credited to men. Still, for every biased and
demeaning comment, social media took offenders to task, to the degree that
sexism itself became a headline story of the Games.

While social media is often seen as the domain of trolls, Rio was an incredible
demonstration of its power to combat small-minded discrimination.

When Hungarian swimmer Katinka Hosszu broke a world record to take gold in the
400-metre event, cameras panned to her husband and coach. "Here's the man
responsible," said NBC reporter Dan Hicks. Twitter lit up with a backlash that
forced Hicks on the defensive, awkwardly admitting he regretted his statement.

After Corey Cogdell took bronze in trapshooting, the Chicago Tribune

robbed her of her identity with the tweet: "Wife of a Bears' lineman wins a
bronze medal" (Cogdell's husband is NFL player Mitch Unrein). Faced with a
social media uproar, the Tribune penned a second article praising Cogdell's
accomplishments.

Canadian kayaker Adam Van Koeverden deserves a medal for using his blog to call
out rower Adam Kreek for sexist comments about tennis player Eugenie Bouchard.
"If men don't call out men when we are being sexist, then we are not a part of
the solution, and the problem persists," Van Koeverden wrote.

But the Olympics aren't the only example. Social media also is giving the red
card to sexism in advertising.

Earlier this year, LG Canada ran an ad campaign for washers with slogans like,
"Less washing time means more shopping time." A deluge of online criticism
forced the appliance maker to apologize for the stereotyping. Meanwhile, an
Irish ad campaign for Sprite was savaged on social media this month for
offensive slights like "She's seen more ceilings than Michelangelo."

Consumers today have an unprecedented platform to counter gender stereotyping in
advertising, says Lisa Kimmel, CEO of PR firm Edelman Canada. "You can speak up
through social media and, perhaps more importantly, speak with your wallet."

More than 60 per cent of Canadians say they would be less likely to buy a
product from a company that runs sexist ads, according to the 2016 Consumer
Perspectives on Advertising survey.

A virtual mob can deliver consequences to any sportscaster or advertiser that
doesn't think before they speak.

That puts the ball in your court. When you hear sexist or demeaning comments,
don't just put a mark on your bingo card. Get online and tweet about it.
Consider it a goal scored for a more respectful society.

Craig and Marc Kielburger are the co-founders of the WE movement, which includes
WE Charity, ME to WE Social Enterprise and WE Day. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey
Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Owen Sound Sun Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              939 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              Scottish Daily Mail

                           November 28, 2015 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Edmund runs out of steam as he is given harsh lesson

BYLINE: MARTIN SAMUEL

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 119

LENGTH: 859 words


DAVID GOFFIN  31666

V

KYLE EDMUND  66210

KYLE EDMUND sat with a towel over his head for what seemed like a very long
time. Leon Smith, the Great Britain coach, tried to coax him out from under the
material. Still he hid.

The noise inside the Flanders Expo arena would have permeated, though - a sound
he has never experienced on a tennis court - and may never experience again.

Here was Davis Cup tennis in the raw. We sneer at the competition in this
country, belittle its value. To Edmund, it will have felt as insignificant as a
bear pit does to the bears.

Edmund is a Davis Cup rookie, this Final being his first experience of it, and
no player in that position has ever finished on the winning side. Yet, briefly,
he stood on the brink of a remarkable feat.

He was two sets and one game up on David Goffin, the Belgian No1, a reversal of
expectation that left the locals speechless.

The controller of the giant screens insisted on framing them with his
'dance-cam'. The plan was to capture happy tennis fans, capering in time to the
beat, but all he could locate were rows of solemn Belgian faces.

The Davis Cup format is simple. The top seeds beat their inferior opposition on
day one, setting up their head-to-head pairings as the final-day climax. For
Goffin, world No 16, to fall to Edmund, ranked 100, had taken all rhythm and
reason from the occasion. Worse, Goffin was playing execrably. He lost the first
set 6-3, the second 6-1. Edmund's forehand was running him ragged.

It appeared the pressure of the home crowd and an inferior opponent had got to
him. The odd confident soul in Union Jack attire was pondering bringing that
Eurostar return ticket forward to Saturday night. If Edmund won, the Murrays
would surely do the rest.

Yet there is a good reason those who have long followed the misfortunes of Great
Britain's tennis team have what is known as a 'Didsbury' rule. In 1994, at the
Northern Club, just south of Manchester, Jeremy Bates was leading 6-0, 6-3 and
coasting through the third set against a Romanian 17-year-old, Razvan Sabau. The
statistically minded were searching for the fastest Davis Cup victory by a
British player. You can guess the rest.

A mystifying series of reverses resulted in a 7-6 tiebreak defeat in the third,
before Sabau finished it off 6-2, 6-2. Since then, a whispered 'Didsbury' has
been the warning whenever confidence gets too high. Even so: 6-3, 6-1 and a
sublime drop shot at the net to hold serve in the third.

And then, of course, it all went a bit Didsbury. There is a reason why Goffin is
ranked 16 and Edmund 100. It is because a top-20 player can work out his
opponent's strengths and find a way to get past them; it is because the inferior
player does not have the experience or the arsenal to change strategy when that
happens.

Gradually, the action began to take a more predictable course. The pressure
started to crowd in on Edmund, too. Before the game, he had compared it to a
match he had played on an outside court of the French Open against a local.

It really is nothing like that. It is nothing like anything he will have been
through in tennis. It is the first tee at the Ryder Cup, a penalty kick at the
away end. It is boisterous, partisan, a little nuts.

Some people have tambourines and drums, dressed as ladybirds. There is a brass
section and a truly raucous crowd from Stirling University. There are people
here who would be given an exclusion order if they ever came within two miles of
the All England Club.

Later, Andy Murray would be warned twice over 'audible obscenities' - although
how the umpire could hear himself think, let alone any of the players curse, was
unclear.

The supporters are respectful of the tennis - mostly, although there was the odd
ejection - but it takes a particular personality to thrive in this environment
and maybe Edmund hasn't got that. Murray has in abundance.

Having asked the crowd to be quieter during play, he was taunted with shushing
noises on his serve. Saving set point in the third, he appeared to give the
locals a little bit back. He once said he would thrive in a football crowd
environment. He is certainly unafraid of one.

There is no shame in Edmund losing to Goffin, particularly not having taken him
the distance, but his decline was sharp and startling. It was as if he suddenly
realised what was at stake, what he was about to do and the effect it could have
on his team.

With Goffin in the ascendancy, he had no answer. He won one of the last 15 games
of the match and that was that.

It was left to Murray to restore British optimism, as most knew he would. Ruben
Bemelmans was no fool, but nor was he about to spring a shock. Murray won in
straight sets.

So it's down to him, again, in all likelihood: with his brother Jamie in the
doubles today, and then first against Goffin tomorrow. Win both of those matches
and Great Britain will take home a Davis Cup for the first time since 1936.

One slip, though, and it will all be on the last. A second outing for Edmund? It
is hard to see how Smith could risk him. A towel only affords so much protection
from the reality of Davis Cup tennis and by tomorrow it is going to be of no use
at all.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Agony: Edmund lost after being two sets ahead

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMLscot


                    Copyright 2015 Associated Newpapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              940 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                             August 2, 2015 Sunday

Snapshots from the nation's press

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 623 words


Hillary joins climate debate

Hillary Rodham Clinton has promised a series of initiatives to address the
challenge of climate change. The first installment, unveiled this week in Iowa,
calls for an aggressive expansion of wind, solar and other carbon-free energy
sources so that they provide one-third of America's electricity by 2027 --
enough, she says, to power every home in the country.



 Mrs. Clinton at least is willing to confront global warming, which her
prospective Republican opponents have been doing their best to avoid, belittle
and deny. But as solutions go, setting goals isn't much. Getting there is the
tough part. And even then, renewables can be only part of a comprehensive energy
strategy.

 The plan's centerpiece is a huge, sevenfold bump in solar-generated power,
which, despite the sharp drop in the price of solar panels, now provides only a
tiny fraction of the nation's energy. Renewable energy sources overall furnish
just 13 percent of America's electricity (natural gas, coal and nuclear power
account for nearly all the rest), with hydropower at 6 percent, wind power at
4.4 percent and the remainder coming from geothermal, biomass and solar (less
than 1 percent).

 Mrs. Clinton would enlarge and make permanent existing tax incentives for wind
and solar power that are now perilously dependent on periodic congressional
renewal. She would open more federal land to wind and solar installations. She
would streamline the permitting process so it doesn't take years to get another
offshore wind farm up and running, and help build a transmission system capable
of carrying wind and solar energy from remote locations. She pledges full
support for President Obama's forthcoming plan to shut down old coal-fired power
plants, which would almost certainly force states to turn to cleaner sources of
energy.

 There is no mention, however, of the one mechanism that would guarantee a shift
in the way the country produces and consumes energy, namely putting a price on
carbon emissions, presumably with a tax. Mrs. Clinton has already been through
the carbon pricing wars in Congress (including an ill-fated cap and trade bill
she supported in 2008) and apparently sees it as a lost cause in the current
political environment.

 If the global warming's worst consequences are to be avoided, a big chunk of
the world's fossil fuels will have to stay in the ground. A big test of Mrs.
Clinton's commitments will be whether and how she addresses this reality.

 --New York Times



 Proceed with caution on bag ban

 Americans use an estimated 100 billion plastic bags every year. In Minnesota,
along with wrappers and shrink wrap, the bags accounted for about 192,600 tons
of statewide trash in 2013, according to the Minnesota Pollution Control Agency.


 Some Minneapolis retailers have expressed legitimate concerns about a city-only
plastic bag ban, arguing that a statewide solution would be the best way to keep
shoppers from simply crossing a city border to avoid the ban. Other stores have
said their costs would increase because they pay more for paper than plastic,
and that increase likely would result in higher prices. It's also worth noting
that paper bags take more energy to produce.

 Those concerns need a full airing, but they do not negate the need to reduce
plastic bag use. Without question, the bags have morphed into an environmental
hazard. Like polystyrene foam (commonly known as Styrofoam), most are not
biodegradable and will stay in landfills for decades or centuries.

 The proposal for a city ban starts an important environmental discussion in
Minneapolis. Because of the widespread impact on consumers and business,
however, it's a discussion that needs to proceed with caution.

 --Minneapolis Star Tribune

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              941 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 13, 2014 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Reclaiming the Words That Smear

BYLINE: By ASHLEY PARKER; Kitty Bennett contributed research..

A reporter in the Washington bureau of The New York Times.

SECTION: Section SR; Column 0; Sunday Review Desk; NEWS ANALYSIS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 959 words


AMES, Iowa -- ''UNBECOMING.'' ''Miss Congeniality.'' Not sufficiently
''ladylike.'' In politics, these words and phrases have long been used to
belittle female candidates. But now, female politicians are increasingly trying
to rethink -- and reclaim -- how language shapes how they are perceived.

Recently, Senator Claire McCaskill, Democrat of Missouri, trained her sights on
a single word -- ''ladylike.'' ''Ladylike,'' Ms. McCaskill told an audience at
Iowa State University last month, means, ''Speak out, be strong, take charge,
change the world'' -- all traits she thinks female leaders, or even the first
female president, should have, and characteristics she believes are ''very, very
ladylike.'' The term had a very different meaning when, during her 2012
re-election campaign, her opponent, Todd Akin, then a representative, described
her performance during a debate as not particularly ''ladylike,'' and ''very
aggressive.''

Ms. McCaskill joins a long line of powerful women who are trying to use
gender-based words to their advantage. Bella S. Abzug, a feminist and antiwar
activist, first ran for Congress in 1970 with the slogan ''This woman's place is
in the House -- the House of Representatives!''

In 2002, when Mitt Romney ran for governor of Massachusetts against Shannon
O'Brien and described her debate performance as ''unbecoming,'' Ms. O'Brien
derided him as a sexist, and Hillary Rodham Clinton and Teresa Heinz Kerry held
a rally on her behalf, praising all the ''unbecoming women'' who turned out in
support. And Senator Patty Murray, Democrat of Washington, began her political
career after a state lawmaker dismissed her as ''just a mom in tennis shoes.''
The insult prompted Ms. Murray to run for the Senate -- and she adopted ''mom in
tennis shoes'' as a campaign motto she still uses.

''The history of social movements is full of things that were a pejorative being
reclaimed,'' said Kathleen Hall Jamieson, the director of the Annenberg Public
Policy Center at the University of Pennsylvania. ''It's a powerful means of
subverting the original use, and it invites reflection on the intention of the
original use. It's a jujitsu move.''

Ms. McCaskill said she hoped that reclaiming the word ''ladylike'' would
encourage more women to run for office. The ''ladylike'' message is one she said
she wished she had heard as a young woman.

''I wanted to be validated in the fact that I had ambition and the fact that I
was aggressive about the things I believed in and that I was highly
opinionated,'' Ms. McCaskill said in an interview. ''I wanted someone to tell me
that it was not only O.K. but it was terrific, and I think the more of us that
reinforce that message, the more women we're going to have running for president
in the next decade.''

Some are pushing back in other ways. In the corporate world, Sheryl Sandberg,
the chief operating officer of Facebook, recently began a ''Ban Bossy'' campaign
with the Girl Scouts of the U.S.A., to discourage the use of a word she says is
used to put down assertive young girls.

As women increasingly take on high-profile roles in politics -- the current
113th Congress boasts a record number of women, with 20 in the Senate and 82 in
the House -- scholars and campaign operatives say attacking sexism head-on is
likely to become a more common, and effective, tactic.

''The more female candidates there are, the easier it is for any individual one
of them to talk about these issues and try to find new ways of dealing with
it,'' said Deborah Tannen, a linguist at Georgetown University.

Sexist statements also can be used to rally the base. The day that Mr. Akin made
his comments about ''legitimate rape,'' Emily's List, a political action
committee that backs female candidates who support abortion rights, raised
$280,000 off his remarks.

''We know that running a campaign on being a woman isn't the way to win, but
that there's a way to turn around sexist attacks and use it as a sticking point
to drive home your agenda,'' said Marcy Stech, national press secretary at
Emily's List.

Celinda Lake, a Democratic pollster, said that research she had done as part of
''Name It, Change It,'' a nonpartisan project to end sexist coverage of female
candidates, found that while sexist coverage hurt female politicians, responding
to it could benefit them. Sometimes, even the mere hint of sexism is enough to
hurt the candidate perpetrating the language. As a candidate in 2008, Barack
Obama faced a swift backlash after he quipped that Mrs. Clinton was ''likable
enough'' during a debate. And Senator Amy Klobuchar, Democrat of Minnesota, was
called ''Miss Congeniality'' and a ''prom queen'' by her male opponent and his
campaign team during her 2012 re-election fight, comments she largely chose to
ignore. ''I think it worked to my advantage because the people in Minnesota
decided how they felt about it themselves,'' Ms. Klobuchar said.

Many Republicans dismiss the so-called war on women, arguing that their party's
economic agenda is one that will appeal to women. But Katie Packer Gage, a
founder of Burning Glass, a team of all-female political operatives working with
Republicans on messaging to women, nonetheless offers a warning to Republican
candidates: ''The Democrats are going to try to manufacture a Todd Akin
moment,'' she said.

The current effort to aggressively confront sexism, said Ms. Lake, the
Democratic pollster, has taken on a newfound urgency with the possibility of a
Hillary Clinton candidacy.

''A lot of Democratic women are really eager to call this out now because they
want to create a different kind of environment for Hillary to run in,'' she
said. ''It's just like, 'This is our candidate, this is our leader, and we're
just not going to take it anymore.' ''

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/04/13/sunday-review/reclaiming-the-words-that-smear.
html

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWING (DRAWING BY KELLY BLAIR)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News Analysis

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              942 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Boston Standard

                           January 16, 2014 Thursday

BROWNE ON THE BALL: "Who are ya?" Fresh faces hindered the Pilgrims, but can
they be blamed?

LENGTH: 561  words


"Who are ya?" It's that famous football chant sung on terraces across the
nation.

It's a bid to belittle and demean the opposition, sometimes meant with malice,
sometimes shouted as a joke and - on other occasions - a tongue-in cheek swipe
from the minnows facing the game's big boys.

But on Saturday you could almost excuse the Boston United faithful - the Greene
Army, as they have recently dubbed themselves - from chanting it towards their
own team.

That's because those who turned up at Keys Park frankly wouldn't recognise a
third of the squad they were cheering if they were to share a taxi home with
them.

With illness, injuries and suspensions rife in the Pilgrims' side, four new
faces were handed debuts for the club at Hednesford on Saturday.

And when you stick players who don't even know each others' names, and have
never trained together, into a side the inevitable will always happen.

Hednesford were by no means a side at the top of their game, but they still
comfortably beat Boston's rag-tag bunch 4-2.

At times there was hope. At times it was so bad you just had to laugh.

Indeed, some did chuckle when Pa Sulay Njie was substituted to taunts of
cheerio' from his own fans.

But it would be cheap of me to sit here right now and point the finger of fun at
Njie, Dan Pritchard, Brad Gascoigne or Liam Agnew.

It would be particularly easy and cowardly to give them a roasting, especially
as I'm unlikely to cross paths with most of them ever again.

Instead, I think it would be right to commend those lads for daring to give it a
go.

It's better to try and to fail than to always wonder.

And most importantly, from a Boston United perspective, they did the club a
massive favour.

OK, it didn't work out for them, but it was never going to was it?

Tottenham chucked tens of millions on established players this summer, and
they're still looking like a team who don't know their Arsenal from their elbow.

So what chance did Boston ever have?

Instead, those lads should be thanked for crossing the country at such short
notice, just as Dennis Greene should be commended for his frantic phone calls
all day Friday, scrambling to get a squad together.

General manager John Blackwell should also get a thumbs up for his efforts in
sorting out all the paperwork until the late hours on Friday night.

There's always something commendable about - to steal chairman David Newton's
phrase - doing things properly'.

When the Pilgrims faced liquidation it would have been easy to have gone bust
and began afresh, like so many other clubs have done.

It would have been easier to re-form lower down the leagues, debt free with a
legion of still-loyal fans.

It would have been easy to attract better players and new fans with cash in the
coffers and momentum from  three seasons of pretty-much assured promotions.

Instead, the Pilgrims - to their credit and financial detriment - refused to cut
corners, finding themselves demoted twice anyway, and still laden with debts of
more than £1million

On Saturday, it would have been easy to give in and say there was no chance the
game could be played.

They could have taken the fine, re-grouped and played the match at a time when
they were closer to full strength.

But instead, they did the right thing, just with the wrong personnel.

Boston United: On Saturday you were terrible... but you can still be terrible
with a certain sense of pride.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MBSP


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              943 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             May 23, 2007 Wednesday

Protect children from abusive father

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Features

LENGTH: 409 words


DEAR AMY: We have two children, 4 and 1. My husband is verbally abusive. He
swears in front of the children, belittles us and is controlling.

He was angry the other day and charged at me and acted as though he were going
to throw a solid concrete planter at me in front of the children.

I immediately left the home that day with our children and returned home the
following day, but only because he said that it is best to put the kids back in
their home.

I work only on the weekends, and I need him to watch the children.

What do I do? -- Worried

Dear Worried: I know that this is challenging and that you need child care while
you work, but in my view you shouldn't leave your husband alone them.

You need to find a safe place where you can stay -- with a friend, family member
or at a shelter. If you need additional help, counselors at the National
Domestic Violence Hotline are available 24 hours a day: ndvh.org; 800-799-SAFE
(799-7233).

Dear Amy: I work as a pharmacist and, although my job has never been easy, I've
somehow managed to get by.

The last couple of weeks have been really hard for me.

I've had to deal with complaints from customers, nurses, co-workers and
supervisors.

Lately I had to take a few days off work because I was so depressed and felt I
was about to have a nervous breakdown.

I've thought about leaving and pursuing my passions.

I've always wanted to learn musical theater, Web design and stock investing.

I make more than six figures as a pharmacist and have a lot of debts.

If I go into something else, I don't know if I can pay off my debts or even
afford my same lifestyle. Any advice? -- Frustrated Pharmacist

Dear Frustrated: Your triad of dreams tells me that you don't really know what
you want.

And that's OK.

Sometimes, when everything seems to come tumbling down all at once, it is a sign
that you are not in good enough shape to make a big decision such as dropping
your job to pursue a dream -- or three.

Attend to your mental health by finding a counselor to speak with. A therapist
can help you deal with your issues one by one so you won't feel overwhelmed. You
may need to cut down your work hours until you feel able to cope.

Community theater and community college are great resources where you can
audition your interests and develop your dreams, but do this on the side while
working and paying down your debt.

Send questions to askamy@tribune.com or Ask Amy, Chicago Tribune, TT500, 435 N.
Michigan Ave., Chicago, IL 60611.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              944 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           The Ledger (Lakeland, FL)

                             August 27, 2006 Sunday

ARE YOUTH SPORTS TOO SERIOUS?;
YOUTH BASEBALL

BYLINE: LISA COFFEY The Ledger

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 361 words


Steve Ayersman has curbed a lot of hecklers.

He's even thrown people out of the park and issued a trespass warning in
Highland City.

At times, the district director of the local Babe Ruth chapter of baseball does
think youth sports have become too competitive.

''You have coaches who are too competitive and so are the kids and so are the
parents,'' Ayersman said. ''A parent will sit back there and belittle the
umpire, but they are not willing to go on the field or join an organization and
help.''

Youth sports always gets the spotlight at this time of the year, especially with
the Little League World Series coming to an end today with Columbus, Ga.,
meeting Japan for the championship.

''I don't think it's worse than what I've seen in 35 years,'' said Little League
District 4 administrator John Tucker, who also was a league president in Maine
and with Haines City Little League.

''Kids have many more activities than they used to have. I do think parents do
carry it to an extreme.''

Jon Jon Blackmon and Austin Barnett were right in the thick of the season as
Dixie Youth All-Stars from East Lakeland and competitive players on the Lakeland
Rawlings Renegades.

The two played in the Dixie Youth World Series and also took part in the
Cooperstown Dreams Park baseball series earlier this summer.

''The games can be too competitive,'' said Barnett, 12, a McKeel Academy eighth
grader.

Tucker has followed his leagues' players and his grandchildren in the sport.

''I do think parents do carry it to an extreme,'' he said. ''It's not
necessarily a Little Leauge issue. Some of these kids have personal trainers and
some have pitching coaches. I do think that's a bit over the top for a
12-year-old.''

Locally, many believe players haven't gone overboard. Still, like Ayersman, some
have taken little league and recreational sports too far.

''It's too competitve,'' Ayersman said.

''Almost all the sports are. There's AAU travel teams. Those are for kids who
are more talented. Some of them are on the league teams. You get complaints from
the parents about playing time. Travel ball is talking away from recreation
league players. There's not such thing as rec ball anymore.''

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: WEB PUBLICATION


             Copyright 2006 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              945 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                   September 28, 2005 Wednesday Home Edition

OUR OPINIONS: Heroes can be human;
Revelations in Ashley Smith's book show she's not perfect, but that shouldn't
belittle her contributions

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 14A;

LENGTH: 331 words


Face it: Tina Turner is almost never wrong. But when she sang, "We don't need
another hero" for Mel Gibson's last "Mad Max" movie, Turner stopped rolling on
the river and was simply all wet.

We do need another hero. In fact, our appetite for heroes is insatiable.
Sometimes we make heroes out of people who are not particularly heroic (while
overlooking others who are quietly heroic every day of their lives).

Twenty-four-hour cable news and unchecked bloggery feed this heroine addiction.
Often abetted by newspapers and radio, both have an uncanny ability to take a
normal person and turn him or her into a packaged good, a piece of media
merchandise that gains notice while losing humanity. Perhaps it is no surprise
that a two-dimensional medium produces a one-dimensional person.

But the truth is that we tend to like them like that.

So Monday, we learned that Ashley Smith's blow-by-blow account of her captivity
by Brian Nichols includes a new blow. Smith's book, "Unlikely Angel," reports
that she gave Nichols crystal methamphetamine during the night when the accused
courthouse shooter held her captive in her apartment.

Now, most of us don't have crystal meth lying around the house, even for use in
an emergency. And the fact is that nothing good ever comes of making, using or
possessing this insidious drug. Smith had led us to believe that she dealt with
Nichols by fixing him some pancakes and reading "The Purpose-Driven Life" to
him. The dope revelation confirms that we didn't know about everything that
happened that night. Perhaps we still don't.

And perhaps that's not the point. Smith has laid claim to a $70,000 reward from
the state of Georgia, and she has laid claim to being "Atlanta's hostage hero"
(part of the subtitle of her book). But she has never laid claim to perfection.
Perhaps it is enough that she is alive, that she aided in Nichols' arrest and
that no one else died that night. Perhaps it is enough that she is human.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: In her new book, Ashley Smith says she gave crystal meth to accused
killer Brian Nichols.

                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              946 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 22, 1999, Friday, Late Edition - Final

CABARET REVIEW;
Who's at Feinstein's? Why, It's Feinstein!

BYLINE: By STEPHEN HOLDEN

SECTION: Section E; Part 2; Page 44; Column 4; Leisure/Weekend Desk

LENGTH: 298 words


To describe Michael Feinstein as the consummate variety-show entertainer of
1960-something is not to belittle this diehard nostalgist who served his
apprenticeship as Ira Gershwin's secretary. Since making his New York cabaret
debut more than a decade ago, Mr. Feinstein has added multiple layers of show
business savvy to the boyish, slick-haired singer and pianist.

In his latest incarnations he is a saloonkeeper (he is a guiding force and
namesake behind Feinstein's at the Regency, the elegant new supper club in the
Regency Hotel) and band singer. (He has just released an album, "Big City
Rhythms" for Concord Jazz, in which he swings forcefully with the Maynard
Ferguson Big Band.)

At Tuesday's opening-night performance of a four-week engagement at the club
that bears his name, Mr. Feinstein was backed by the same pop-jazz sextet that
recently accompanied Rosemary Clooney there. What he delivered was an
ultra-polished lounge show that at various moments evoked the heydays of Danny
Kaye, Mel Torme, Eddie Fisher, Liberace and Al Jolson. The most amusing comic
turn was "Girl Talk," a slinky pop-jazz period piece by Neal Hefti and Bobby
Troup that almost lived up to Mr. Feinstein's description of it as "the last
great male chauvinist song written in the 60's."

Although Mr. Feinstein's essence still lies in ballads originating at the piano
(a smoothly crooned medley of "Someone to Watch Over Me" joined with "In a
Sentimental Mood" was especially impressive), he has done his big-band homework.
Much of the show found him stepping out from the behind the piano and belting
numbers like "Come Back to Me" and "Too Marvelous for Words" with a strength and
dynamic suppleness that had eluded him several years ago when he did the same
thing at Carnegie Hall.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Michael Feinstein appears at his namesake club at the Regency
Hotel. (Rahav Segev)

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              947 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                     November 18, 1998 Wednesday 2D EDITION

Dear Dr. Mad: Children want and deserve daddies

BYLINE: By Kathleen Parker

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-11

LENGTH: 640 words

I'm the first to admit, I've been an idiot at least half my life. Others more
perseverant apparently are committed to remaining idiots all their lives and -
in a breathless stroke of good fortune for me - to writing me long, insulting
letters.

One who comes to mind is "Dr. Mad," a Colorado obstetrician-gynecologist who
wrote recently to condemn me for numerous offenses, including my annoying
tendency to proffer unpopular opinions, particularly those deemed contradictory
to WomanThink.

Dr. Mad specifically was angered by a column in which I questioned the wisdom of
voluntary single motherhood a la Jodie Foster.

" ... Not only I am surprised that a woman would voice such an opinion, but your
opinions themselves belittle a woman's strength and ability to raise a family,"
said Dr. Mad. "Who are you to make such judgments and to opine that such women
and families constitute an 'AmericanTragedy'?"  Sigh     Where to begin, where
tobegin?

Concerning the issue of how a woman - versus a man, presumably - could voice
such an opinion, recent research indicates that women do, in fact, have brains,
which sometimes produce opinions at variance with others of the same sex.

As to the question of who am I, specifically, to make such judgments - opining
all over the place - the answer is: I'm a columnist. That's what I do. Ob-gyns
deliver babies and artificially inseminate wonderful women who want to become
pregnant without the nuisance of a man. I write opinions, which, unpleasant as
this sounds, involves making judgments. In a nutshell.

As for all those women out there who think they're ready to become parents and
don't need a man, I stick to my original verdict: American Tragedy.

The column in question is worth rehashing given this woman's letter, which makes
clear just how dangerously we're living. Even well-educated people apparently
are clueless when it comes to families and what children need.

Focus, now, and breathe deeply: Children want daddies.

What I wrote wasn't precisely about Jodie Foster. She was merely a convenient
vehicle for illustrating a larger point. In fact, as I said before, I like and
admire Jodie Foster, which, I know, means a lot to her. What I don't like or
admire is our tendency to worship anything a celebrity does, even when the
action is not, in fact, a great idea for the teeming masses.

The impetus behind the column was a People magazine cover featuring a beaming
(pregnant) Foster and the headline: "And Baby Makes Two," which produced in me
symptoms resembling morning sickness and this thought: Why, when fatherless-ness
is a national crisis, are we celebrating single motherhood?

Not single motherhood as results from divorce or death, but single motherhood
that results from a voluntary decision to get pregnant, give birth and rear a
child without a father.

It can be done, but should it? Dr. Mad indirectly answered the question with one
of her own:

"As a single, successful, 34-year-old woman, I am faced with the difficult
question as to whether my desire to be a parent is stronger than my aversion to
being a single parent. I was once married and my husband cheated on me. Because
I chose not to tolerate that behavior and left him, should I now be precluded
from having children?"

The word that leaps off the page, of course, is "desire." That's the operative
motivation behind most things these days, including bringing fatherless babies
into the world. I desire, therefore I will.

What Dr. Mad and other aspiring single mothers don't realize is that wanting a
child isn't enough.

Yes, a single woman can certainly be a good mother. But a single mother can
never be a good father. It takes a man to do that, and children know this even
if we don't. Kathleen Parker is a columnist for the Orlando Sentinel. E-mail her
at: kparker@kparker.com

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 1998 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              948 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 19, 1994, Tuesday, Final Edition

AROUND THE NFL

From News Services

SECTION: SPORTS; PAGE E8; AROUND THE NFL

LENGTH: 193 words


DALLAS'S WASHINGTON:

Cowboys SS James Washington, runner-up in the Super Bowl MVP balloting behind RB
Emmitt Smith, isn't unhappy that the Jimmy Johnson era is over.

"He was a great coach for a young team, but we had guys leaving the team who
didn't want to play for him," he said.

Washington said new coach Barry Switzer "tells you where you stand. Barry knows
what he can do and he doesn't have to intimidate players or belittle them for
control.

"Jimmy had to be in control. He had to have that element of fear going."

SIGNINGS:

The Falcons signed OL Lance Zeno, who played for the Buccaneers and the Packers
last season. ...

The Giants signed free agent S John Booty, a six-year veteran who has played
with the Jets, Eagles and Cardinals. ...

Dolphins T Richmond Webb signed a three-year contract extension that makes him
one of the highest-paid offensive linemen in the NFL. The deal will pay Webb an
average of $ 2.7 million per season.

OBITUARY:

DE Jerry Mays, who retired from the Chiefs following their 1970 Super Bowl
victory, died Sunday at his home near Lake Lewisville in Texas following a long
battle with cancer. He was 54.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS, OBITUARY

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              949 of 996 DOCUMENTS

             Metropolitan News Enterprise (Los Angeles, California)

                           December 31, 2001, Monday

PERSPECTIVES (Column): Justice Miriam Vogel's Drive to Humiliate Colleagues
Backfires

BYLINE:  By ROGER M. GRACE

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 2162 words


Court of Appeal Justice Miriam Vogel of this district's Div. One has embarked on
a crusade. Her mission is to belittle and discredit her panel's presiding
justice, Vaino Spencer, and her newest colleague in the division, Robert
Mallano.

When either is the author of the majority opinion and she's on the panel hearing
the case, Vogel is prone to seize the opportunity to poke fun at the opinion
penned by her rival (as she apparently regards Spencer and Mallano).

Ironically, she desists from picking on her other Div. One colleague, Reuben
Ortega. The irony is that Ortega has made public mention of difficulties in
dealing with Vogel. At the June 28, 2000 retirement lunch for Justice William
Masterson, Ortega alluded to how easily Vogel is riled and said something along
the lines of: "Getting under Miriam's skin-that's good!"

But if Ortega were to write an opinion saying that X equals Z, and the judgment
were therefore reversed, and if Vogel agreed with the outcome, she would simply
concur in the opinion, without comment. If Spencer or Mallano wrote that X
equals Z, however, Vogel would be apt to write separately to comment on how
foolish an approach the majority took in resolving the case, that X is
irrelevant, and that Z is all that matters.

Her evident goal is to make fools of Spencer and Mallano. She's not succeeding.
Rather, she comes off looking like a silly brat, sticking her tongue out at the
grown-ups on the panel.

?

Vogel was appointed to Div. One in 1990. The appointment was a gift to her from
Gov. George Deukmejian on her 50th birthday. She has not proved an ideal
colleague. There are rumors of snippy, snotty internal memos from her. It's easy
to believe those rumors; snippy, snotty verbiage has oft appeared in her
opinions, sometimes aimed at parties, sometimes at colleagues.

Spencer is known to have been irate when Vogel, on June 30, 1992, ordered
publication of one of her own opinions. As you may recall, Vogel was the author
of a dissent, and the majority had opted not to publish their opinion, penned by
Spencer. Vogel explained in a footnote that she was the "majority" among the
dissenters, and could therefore order publication of her opinion. That puerile
reasoning did not impress the California Supreme Court, which countermanded her
publication order. For a time, Spencer and Vogel reportedly were not speaking to
each other, except when essential.

In recent years, it seemed that Vogel had simmered down. Masterson, a
white-haired gent with an unassuming and avuncular manner, reportedly had a
calming effect on her. But since he left, so have her senses.

She is now engaged in open warfare on Spencer, as well as on Mallano, who joined
the division on Aug. 18, 2000.

?

Any appellate jurist must, of course, expect critiques of the writing style or
organization used in his or her opinions. Such critiques are apt to appear in
law journals or newspapers, or be spoken at MCLE lectures or in cocktail party
conversations. But an assessment of how well, or how badly, a given opinion is
written is hardly to be anticipated in a concurring opinion. For one justice to
review the quality of an opinion penned by a colleague is unthinkable.

But Vogel has thought of it, and done it. She did on Friday in a concurring
opinion in a criminal case. The opinions in that case were not certified for
publication.

She also did it in two concurring opinions in civil cases filed Dec. 20.
Publication was ordered in both of those cases.

In each of the three instances, Spencer wrote the majority opinion, and Mallano
concurred.

Friday's case concerned error by Los Angeles Superior Court Judge William J.
Birney Jr.-conceded to be error by the Office of Attorney General. Birney had
inadvertently omitted the standard instruction on the presumption of innocence
and the people's need to establish guilt beyond a reasonable doubt. The harmless
error rule applied, the People insisted, because Birney did give equivalent
instructions. It urged that the appellant's conviction for car theft be upheld.

Spencer discussed relevant case law, including a United States Supreme Court
decision upon which the People relied, and concluded that there was per se
reversible error. She discussed two additional claims of instructional error for
guidance of the trial court on remand. The opinion comprised eight pages.

Vogel snorted in response:

"I concur because the trial court's failure to instruct the jury according to
CALJIC No. 2.90 constitutes a structural constitutional defect and compels
reversal per se. (People v. Phillips (1997) 59 Cal.App.4th 952, 954.) Since we
don't get paid by the word or even the page, I just don't understand why it has
to take eight pages to state the obvious."

While there is little to be said in favor of opinions that take the form of
rambling treatises, it must be borne in mind that there's a limit to how brief
an opinion may be. A state constitutional provision, Art. VI, 14, requires that
"[d]ecisions of the...courts of appeal that determine causes shall be in writing
with reasons stated." Spencer was not at liberty to simply proclaim: "Trial
judge failed to give CALJIC No. 2.90. Judgment reversed."

The eight-page opinion was neither rambling nor cursory. While some of the
factual recitation might have been trimmed, it remains that the recitation took
up only two pages. The rest of the opinion was comprised of relevant legal
discussion. The cause of maintaining public confidence in the judicial system
does require that an opinion say enough to evidence a comprehension of, and a
conscientious treatment of, the contentions put forth by both sides.

Vogel's barb that "we don't get paid by the word or even the page" was inapt
because the majority's opinion was not inordinately long. More significantly,
however, it was an inappropriate potshot. Vogel was not commenting on the legal
issues presented, but on the competence of the writer of the majority opinion.

In O'Byrne v. Santa Monica Hospital Medical Center (B143702), 01 S.O.S. 6029,
Vogel concurred in an opinion affirming a grant of summary judgment to a
hospital sued by a physician who was denied privileges. Vogel said she wrote
separately "for several reasons." Her main reason was to deride Spencer for
providing a lengthy recitation of facts where a more concise recitation would
have sufficed.

"First, most of the facts recited by the majority are irrelevant," Vogel began,
proceeding to pinpoint what she regarded as the salient facts. She continued:

"These facts are undisputed and I see no reason to recite the five pages of
minutia included in the majority opinion....As Justice Cardozo put it, a proper
statement of facts is one that is 'rigidly pared down' to those facts 'that are
truly essential as opposed to those that are decorative and adventitious.'."

Vogel then pointed to areas where she agreed with the majority.

A necessity for a separate opinion was nonexistent. The obnoxiousness of it was
patent. She used a judicial opinion as a vehicle for gratuitously assailing the
writing style of a colleague.

If Spencer's opinion was too long, thus creating an imposition on the reader,
what was to be served by appending a concurring opinion, adding more words for
the reader to wend through, while adding nothing of jurisprudential value?

In Morris v. Blank (B147087), 01 S.O.S 6018, the court reversed a summary
judgment granted to defendant Michelle Ann Blank in a Superior Court action
arising from a traffic accident with plaintiff Crystal Lynn Morris. The trial
judge, William A. MacLaughlin, held that Blank's dismissal with prejudice of her
municipal court action against Morris arising from the same accident, following
settlement by Morris' insurer, acted as a retraxit, barring Morris' Superior
Court action.

Spencer noted:

"In common law, a retraxit was 'a voluntary renunciation by plaintiff in open
court of his suit and cause thereof, and by it plaintiff forever loses his
action.'...In California, the same effect is now accomplished by a dismissal
with prejudice."

Under modern practice, Spencer said, "when there is a voluntary dismissal with
prejudice under Code of Civil Procedure section 581, the relevant question to be
asked when one of the parties to the dismissed litigation seeks to litigate
issues arising out of the same transaction is whether the litigation is barred
by res judicata or collateral estoppel, not retraxit. We hold that retraxit is
no longer applicable in this situation."

In a meticulously reasoned opinion, Spencer showed that under the facts, neither
res judicata nor collateral estoppel applied.

Vogel agreed with the result. However, she wrote: "I concur in the judgment but
write separately because I believe there is a more direct means to the same
end."

After launching into a statement of the facts from scratch, she proclaimed: "In
my view, the majority's detailed discussion about retraxit is confusing and
irrelevant." Vogel said the settlement by Morris' insurer was of no significance
because it looked like Morris had not approved it. She then tossed in: "For
these reasons, no purpose is served by the majority's attempted exegesis about
the rules of retraxit."

The discussion of retraxit was appropriate for two reasons:

First, MacLaughlin decided the case based on retraxit. The two issues presented
by the appellant were tied to retraxit. To eliminate a discussion of the
doctrine upon which the trial court's judgment was dependent and on which the
briefs on appeal were focused would have been odd, indeed.

Second, California cases were still mentioning retraxit-a term many lawyers
learned back in law school in a class on common law pleading, but which few
would be able to define today. The opinion served to announce the demise of the
doctrine in California.

Vogel's assertion that "the majority's detailed discussion about retraxit is
confusing and irrelevant" is wrong not merely because the discussion was
relevant, but because it was by no means confusing; it was set forth with
clarity.

Moreover, she did not merely set forth how she would have preferred to resolve
the case, but, again, critiqued Spencer's opinion.

Her reference to the majority's "attempted exegesis about the rules of retraxit"
was unduly sarcastic and uncollegial.

Another irony is that Vogel, on the very day she scored Spencer for an overly
long statement of facts, included a three-page statement of facts in a
concurring opinion, with much of the discussion repeating what Spencer had
already conveyed (in two pages). All that is needed in a concurring or
dissenting opinion is a recitation of those facts which were not already
mentioned and upon which the concurring or dissenting opinion relies.

Where a Court of Appeal opinion other than the majority opinion contains a
statement of facts which stands on its own, it suggests that the opinion was
intended by the author as the majority opinion, but that no other member of the
panel would sign it. If that's true here, it is understandable that neither
Spencer not Mallano would sign an opinion that skirts a discussion of the
doctrine upon which the case was decided below.

?

By no means do I suggest that one justice should never take issue with
utterances of another justice. Robust dissents-based on disagreement with
propositions of law-surely are to be encouraged. Drafts of dissents assist the
author of the majority opinion in refining his or her thinking. Published
dissents inspire critical examinations of the majority's opinion by other
panels, and may inspire the granting of review or enactment of legislation to
abrogate the holding. The voicing of disagreement, whether in a public square or
in a judicial opinion, is generally a healthy exercise of the democratic
prerogative of speaking up.

Vogel, by contrast, is engaged in the sick exercise of denigration without a
public purpose, a venting of the spleen for sake of self-satisfaction.

It is clear to a reader of Vogel's commentaries that she possesses enmity toward
Spencer and Mallano. Why it is she doesn't like them doesn't matter. What
matters is that she is abusing a privilege of office. Whenever a majority
opinion by one of Vogel's colleagues is certified for publication, Vogel
possesses the unfettered power to place in the Official Reports any observations
she might wish to commit to writing in the form of a concurring, concurring and
dissenting, or dissenting opinion. When she invokes that prerogative merely for
sake of slapping at a colleague, with no jurisprudential purpose, she is, I
submit, engaging in a form of misconduct.

In my next column, I'll discuss some more of Vogel's opinions over the past five
months in which she derided Spencer and Mallano, including one in which she
accused them of having "endorsed and encouraged a form of judicial extortion."




LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2001 Metropolitan News Company


                              950 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                             August 11, 2013 Sunday

A very small group with an agenda?

BYLINE: Debbe Hartridge/My Word

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 407 words


Both Michael Johnson, who was being considered for the post of Eureka police
chief, and Mayor Frank Jager belittle people who contacted the city with
concerns about Mr. Johnson's involvement with the 2006 Cherie Lyn Moore shooting
("Top EPD chief choice out," Times-Standard, Aug. 6, Page A1). These people are
described by Johnson as "a very small group with their own agenda" and Jager has
said "certainly those half dozen people don't speak for the whole community."

In 2011 the City of Eureka held two public meetings to get the community's
thoughts about qualities we hoped to see in Garr Nielsen's replacement. My
husband and I went to one of the sessions, representing NAMI-Humboldt (National
Alliance on Mental Illness). The 14 pages of notes shared by city staff from
those sessions include 10 references to having a chief who can work effectively
with situations involving mental illness.

After all that meticulously gathered input, I was taken aback to read in the
Times-Standard that the choice for the new chief was an officer who fatally shot
Cherie Lyn Moore, a mentally ill woman brandishing a flare gun. Following
Moore's death, our group worked with Humboldt County Mental Health and police
and other first responders to increase training for officers who deal with that
population. Since then, about 30 law enforcement professionals each year have
attended jointly sponsored crisis intervention training sessions.

I hasten to say that I have much respect for first responders. Personally, I can
think of many times when I've been helped to feel safer by the presence of a
police officer.

Maybe Johnson, who has withdrawn from the hiring process, could have been an
effective police chief for Eureka. I'm skeptical, but I could give him the
benefit of the doubt if he reached out to the mental health community. That
would take a level of respect and communication not shown by writing off those
who dare to raise concerns. Keep in mind that a few who have the time or the
nerve to speak out usually represent many others who didn't call or email.
According tonami.org , mental illness affects the lives of one in four adults in
the U.S. The website states: Because mental illness devastates the lives of so
many Americans, NAMI works every day to save every life. This is the agenda of
the aforementioned "very small group."

Arcata resident Debbe Hartridge lived in Eureka for 40 years and is a longtime
member of NAMI-Humboldt.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              951 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           December 1, 1990 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

IRAQ DEFIES UN AND PREPARES FOR WAR;
GULF WAR DEADLINE

BYLINE: PHILLIP McCARTHY Herald Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 783 words


NEW YORK, Friday: The prospect of war in the Persian Gulf loomed larger as the
United Nations approved a resolution yesterday authorising force against Iraq, a
move which Saddam Hussein had rejected just hours earlier.

In a defiant speech, the Iraqi President said his country was ready for war
against the international force led by the United States.

"If war breaks out, we will fight in a way which will make all Arabs and Muslims
proud," he said in a speech to Arab students in Baghdad. "We are determined not
to kneel down to injustice."

Dressed in battle fatigues and speaking belligerently, Saddam said: "We don't
underestimate the military might of the United States, but we belittle its evil
intentions. If Allah wills that war should take place, the Americans will find
that their Stealth plane is seen even by the shepherd in the desert, and is also
seen by Iraqi technology."

His address was broadcast on Government-run radio and television last night,
before the vote in New York, but it was clearly intended as a response to the
adoption of the Security Council resolution.

The resolution - adopted 12 to two with China abstaining - gives Saddam six
weeks to withdraw from Kuwait and release all foreign hostages.

While President Bush described the resolution as bringing the world "closer to
peace", it also sets the scene for a period of rising tension as the January 15
deadline approaches.

A statement from Iraq's ruling Revolutionary Command Council, read over Baghdad
Radio, rejected the ultimatum and vowed to teach the US and its allies a "hard
lesson, unprecedented in history".

It said the resolution was "illegal, null and void" because some of the
countries that voted for it had been under pressure from the US, which had used
"all forms of pressure, terrorism and bribes" to push it through.

The resolution does not mention "force" or "military action", talking instead of
countries opposing Iraq using "all necessary means".

But it was clear from the debate that both opponents and supporters saw force as
its implication.

Western diplomats interviewed in Baghdad after Saddam's speech said they were
surprised by his confrontational tone. He had previously clearly wished to
appear conciliatory toward the US and the other Western nations making up the
600,000-member multinational force massing in Saudi Arabia.

"We ask Allah to spare the human race the perils of war, but if fighting is
imposed on us, we shall fight in a way that will make us and other Arabs hold
our heads high," he said.

"We ask ourselves every day, 'Are we in the right?' and the answer is, 'We are
in the right and part of a great people and nation which will never be defeated
by threat and might'."

The US has more than 240,000 troops in the Gulf with 150,000 reinforcements on
the way. The Los Angeles Times reported today that another 300 war planes will
be sent, beginning this week, increasing the number of US aircraft in the region
to 1,200.

The Pentagon estimates that Iraq has 450,000 troops in Kuwait and southern Iraq.

The sponsors of yesterday's resolution depicted it as a final attempt to
persuade the Iraqis of the seriousness of Saddam's predicament in the face of an
international coalition that has not wilted, and to make clear that withdrawal
is the only way to avoid military defeat.

Whether and when the shooting begins may depend on diplomatic manoeuvring during
the six-week grace period.

Also important will be the outcome of the debate in the US and other countries
on the wisdom of resorting to force or allowing more time for Iraq to stew in
the economic sanctions imposed by the UN nearly four months ago.

A military response may also be triggered by any further aggression by Iraq or
if any of the hundreds of "human shield" hostages are harmed.

The UN resolution was a major coup in efforts by the US to maintain both Iraq's
status as a diplomatic pariah and keep together the international coalition
ranged against it as options for a solution diminish.

The US Secretary of State, Mr James Baker, who chaired the Security Council
meeting, has spent the past two weeks flying around the world to lobby for
support for the resolution.

He told the packed council chamber before the vote: "Our aim today must be to
convince Saddam Hussein that the just, humane demands of the council and the
international community cannot be ignored."

In a practical sense the resolution was well timed for the US, which is the
current president of the Security Council.

The Americans' month-long tenure ends today and the presidency passes to Yemen,
which was one of the two countries to vote against the resolution. The other
country opposed was Cuba, but as non-permanent members neither country has a
veto.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1990 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              952 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                            October 12, 2012 Friday

Biden lifts Democrat hopes with forceful VP debate performance

BYLINE: Ewen MacAskillguardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 881 words

ABSTRACT

Biden gives strong performance against Paul Ryan, repairing some of the
uncertainty after Obama's poor showing last week

FULL TEXT

Joe Biden dominated the vice-presidential debate against opponent Paul Ryan on
Thursday night with an aggressive and confident performance that gave heart to
the Democratic base but risked alienating undecided voters.

Biden's combative approach in Danville, Kentucky, went some way towards undoing
the damage done by Barack Obama's listless performance last week, scoring point
after point against Ryan in a 90-minute debate dominated by foreign issues such
as Iran, Afghanistan and Syria and domestic issues including tax and the
deficit.

But his demeanour may have proved divisive as he repeatedly dismissed Ryan,
talked over him, interrupted, laughed and at one point sighed, "Oh God".

Although the night on balance belonged to Biden, the disparity between him and
Ryan was not as pronounced as that last week between an aggressive Romney and a
passive Obama.

Much of the debate was on foreign policy, playing into Biden's strength as a
former chairman of the Senate foreign affairs committee. He was animated in
making his points in a way that Obama failed to do and the laughter may have
been deliberate, to try to belittle Ryan.

On Iran and Syria, Biden tried to portray Ryan as leaning towards taking the US
into another conflict, one that war-weary Americans did not want. "Facts
matter," he said, lecturing Ryan on the details of Iran's nuclear programme,
saying it was not yet close to achieving a weapons capability.

On domestic policy, Biden pushed Ryan on plans to cut the tax bills of the
wealthy, saying they did not need it, and also questioned how Ryan could get the
deficit down. Biden said no one in history managed to do this.

"With all due respect, that's a bunch of malarkey," Biden said of Ryan and
Romney's plans in general. "Not a single thing he said is accurate."

Ryan got in a hit when he got personal, noting that unemployment in Scranton,
Pennsylvania - Biden's hometown - had risen. But when Ryan went on to say,
"That's how things are going all across America," the vice-president
interrupted. "That's not how things are going. You don't read the statistics,"
he said, referring to the drop in unemployment to 7.8% announced on Friday.

Biden raised the secret video in which Romney was dismissive of 47% of the
population as freeloaders, a line that Obama singularly failed to bring up last
week, to the dismay of Democrats. Ryan said the 47% remark was not what Romney
had meant to say.

But Biden failed to unnerve his younger opponent or to force him into making any
gaffes. Ryan even succeeded in forcing Biden into making one error, potentially
serious, in relation to the Benghazi attack that left a US ambassador dead along
with three other Americans.

Biden said the Obama administration had been unaware that there had been a
request by security on the ground in Libya to at least keep the size of
protection team intact and preferably increase it. But a state department
official, giving evidence in front of a Congressional committee on Wednesday,
confirmed there had been such a request.

Ryan scored another point when he asked why the US ambassador to Paris was
protected by a marine detachment but not the ambassador in Libya. "Our
ambassador in Paris has a marine detachment guarding him. Shouldn't we have a
marine detachment guarding our ambassador in Benghazi, a place we knew there was
an al-Qaida cell with arms?" Ryan asked.

Republicans afterwards focused on Biden's behaviour, in particular what they
described as his incessant grinning and smirking, as potentially a vote-loser.
Brendan Buck, Ryan's press officer, in the Spin Room, said: "The big takeout
tonight is Joe Biden's dental work. There is a time for laughter. It is not
endearing to see a person laughing in a serious debate ... I do not think it
will play well with people who saw it on a splitscreen."

The pressure now switches to Obama to produce an equally good performance
against Romney when the two meet in the second of three presidential debates on
Tuesday in Long Island, New York. The president, who watched the debate on board
Air Force One, said: "I'm going to make a special point of saying that I thought
Joe Biden was terrific tonight."

Democratic party activists badly needed a lift after a week in which they have
expressed dismay and puzzlement over Obama's failure last week and the
subsequent dramatic and continuing slide in the polls.

The instant snapshots after the debate were mixed. CBS awarded the night to
Biden by 50% to Ryan's 31% but CNN put Ryan on 48% to Biden's 44% and CNBC 50%
to Ryan and 36% to Biden. These polls tend to be unreliable.

Both teams will now anxiously await the first serious polls, though it is
unlikely that a vice-presidential debate will make much impact on voter
intentions. The main benefit for Democrats is as a morale-booster.

Obama's main strategist, David Axelrod, claimed it was a clear win for Biden.
"It was like looking at the school principal debating the student president."

Asked about the risk of Biden's laughter alienating independent voters, Axelrod
insisted laughter was inevitable "when you are debating an opponent who is
seriously evading and distorting facts. You react to that."

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Guardian Unlimited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              953 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                            February 6, 2007 Tuesday

Loggerheads

BYLINE: New York Sun Editorial

SECTION: EDITORIALS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 887 words


Well, well, well. It seems that Governor Spitzer and Mayor Bloomberg, having
bought into the Campaign for Fiscal Equity and the idea that the problem with
our schools is a lack of money, are now fighting tooth and nail over the rest of
the budget. That was certainly the news yesterday out of Albany, where the mayor
hastened on his return from Europe to try to wheedle more money out of the
already strapped taxpayers of the state. We don't mean to belittle the mayor's
efforts. Given the world view he brings to the table, he's a terrific advocate
for the city. And he has been a marvelous manager of the money the city has. But
there was no disguising the fact that he and the governor - the two most
ambitious politicians in the state even, we would suggest, including Senator
Clinton - are at loggerheads.

***

The mayor began by remarking about how Mr. Spitzer has made "One New York" the
theme of his State of the State message. He then endorsed the stepped up funding
for city schools contained in the governor's executive budget, saying it was
"righting an historic wrong." Later in the speech the mayor rattled on about the
glories of all this. But the mayor promptly went on to assert that, in areas
other than schools, the governor's budget does not advance toward the goal of
One New York. He referred to the budget as "unjustly" eliminating $660 million
in state revenue-sharing funds to the city. He complained the budget was
"unfair" and that New York has been over the years nickel-and-dimed. For a
moment there one almost expected him to pitch a sleeping bag over a grate in
front of the governor's office.

But the mayor is no derelict and neither is New York City. On the contrary, much
of the mayor's argument has to do with the richness, the productiveness of the
city, which contributes, he said, nearly half - 48.6% - of the state's tax
revenues. "The continued strong performance of our economy is why the State is
enjoying its current budget surplus," the mayor asserted. "At the very least,"
he argued, "that means that the state budget should not undercut New York City's
economy, which to some extent this budget does." Then he offered this lecture:
"In government, when an agency or, in this case, a locality, is doing well,
policy makers often commit the error of cutting its funding. Successful
businesses, let me remind you, do exactly the reverse; they invest in their top
subsidiaries which this budget does not."

We would argue that there's a difference between investment and subsidy. It is
the latter primarily that the city is seeking. The mayor's argument illuminates
the fact that the city - and, for that matter, the state - have become mortgaged
to the rich. Given that, the more logical approach for the mayor is not to go
subsidy hunting but to address the tax disincentives to growth. And here the
mayor made some headway. He asserted flatly: "New York City's high taxes hurt
our ability to compete with other regions - other cities in this region." So he
asked for some tax relief, proposing the Legislature renew the $400 property tax
rebate. He also sought approval of an additional $250 million in "job-creating
local tax cuts" of various sorts, including new deductions and credits to the
Unincorporated Business Tax and targeted reductions in the General Corporate Tax
and some sales tax relief. He also proposed tax credits to qualified low-income
families with young children.

So far so good. But the best part of the mayor's presentation was when he
confronted the tax hikes the governor proposed after campaigning on a promise
that he wouldn't raise taxes. This refers to what the governor likes to call
"loophole" closures. If a neoconservative is someone who is mugged by reality
(as Irving Kristol once put it), the mayor has hit the first step - he knows
when he's getting mugged. "The revenues from plugging tax 'loopholes' promised
the City in the Executive Budget will in no way fully offset these losses," he
said yesterday, a reference to the losses of revenue-sharing aid. Added he: "Let
me remind you that the legislature voted these loopholes for economic incentive
reasons that haven't gone away." So the governor's scheme means that "double the
amount of money is taken out of New York City's economic businesses than the
numbers say. These are the same businesses that are so highly taxed, we're
working hard to keep them from leaving our city."

***

Mr. Bloomberg seems to be on to the flaw in the trade the governor has proposed.
Mr. Spitzer would allow the city to raise certain of its taxes in parallel with
the governor's own tax increases (or loophole closings). The Manhattan
Institute's fiscal expert E.J. McMahon says these complexities in corporate tax
rules "would represent a fairly substantial tax increase for New York City-based
corporations that have operations around the country and have transactions with
a lot of subsidiaries." In sensing the problem, the mayor has opened a bigger
fight with the new governor than is apparent from the civil tone of his
presentation in Albany. It's a far better fight for the mayor to have than
spending his time seeking subsidies from the state. It not only is a better deal
for the city, but it sets the mayor up for a tax-cutting campaign for the
presidency and leaves Mr. Spitzer the mantle of tax-raiser.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              954 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                              July 18, 2004 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Letters to the editor

SECTION: C; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1383 words

DATELINE: Lincoln, NE


NOT IDENTICAL

I am pleased that Attorney General Jon Bruning wrote to the Lincoln Journal Star
explaining his position regarding veterans' benefits (letter, July 14).

The attorney general's opinion has apparently confused the word "equivalent"
with "identical."

Nobody has ever said that a general discharge under honorable conditions was
identical to an honorable discharge. But it has been treated as equivalent under
the operative Nebraska statute for about a half century now.

On a federal level, people with general discharges are treated as equivalent to
people with honorable discharges for most purposes including: dependency and
indemnity compensation, pension for nonservice connected disability or death,
medical of honor roll pension, insurance, vocational rehabilitation, some
educational assistance, survivors' and dependents' educational assistance, home
and other loans, hospitalization and domiciliary care, medical and dental
service, prosthetic appliances, guide dogs and equipment for the blind, special
housing, automobiles, funeral and burial expenses, burial flag, burial in
national cemeteries, and headstone marker.

Many veterans' organizations accept people with general discharges: American
Legion, Disabled American Veterans, Veterans of Foreign Wars and others.

I am proud to say that among my clients I have totally disabled combat veterans
who received general discharges, and after my third return from Vietnam, one of
my jobs was to counsel people who could either take a general discharge for the
convenience of the service or appear before a board and request an honorable
discharge. I am astonished and heartsick that the Nebraska attorney general
would belittle and actually insult such brave and patriotic fighting men. During
those years, before anybody had ever heard of post-traumatic stress disorder,
many troubled combat veterans simply chose to sign their waiver and get on with
their lives.

I believe the attorney general's opinion was wrong in that it ignored
substantial history in both the federal system and the administration of the
state veterans' pension, and that for some reason it appears to have changed the
word "equivalent" to "identical."

In the law, equivalent and identical are not one and the same. Just ask anybody
who has tried to get in evidence of DNA tests, or fingerprints, or ballistic
tests.

John Stevens Berry Sr., Lincoln

BAN IS NO BIG DEAL

As a University of Nebraska-Lincoln graduate and former resident of Lincoln who
now lives in New York state, I don't see what the big deal is about this smoking
ban. The fact that smoking is addictive, unhealthy and causes a whole host of
health problems is beyond debate. The fact that secondhand smoke causes health
problems for those who routinely breathe it also is well established. These
points are underscored by two recent studies that appeared in the British
Medical Journal.

For a moment, let's consider the health of the workers in bars and restaurants
that allow smoking. Like those who live with a smoker, these people are exposed
to significant amounts of secondhand smoke. This exposure is involuntary, and
increases their risk for health problems such as coronary heart disease. In
California, bartenders had better respiratory health after a smoking ban was
implemented. The argument that they could "go work elsewhere" is facile,
simplistic and misleading. There should never have to be a choice between your
health versus your job. That's why we have workplace regulations in the first
place.

Furthermore, I live in a state where a smoking ban went into effect in 2003. As
a patron, I've observed that bars and restaurants appear to be doing just fine.
The gloom and doom economic predictions that opponents made were wrong. People
still have freedom to smoke, but they do it outside. That makes it more pleasant
for the rest of us nonsmokers, and I'm more likely to stay longer and spend more
money. I have many fun memories of the O Street bars, but clouds of secondhand
smoke are not one of them.

Aaron J. Saathoff, Ithaca, N.Y.

NOT COURAGEOUS

I see the president of the Lincoln-Lancaster County Board of Health thinks it
took courage to pass a smoking ban (letter, July 9). I'm not sure courage is the
word I would use. Pressure is a better word. I'm not sure just what kind of
clout those people over there at the health department have but obviously some
people on the council listened.

What Ken Svoboda did was backhanded and very crafty at the same time. The gee
golly, I don't know if this will pass or not was great showmanship. He knew he
had the votes before he did it. That's why he waited to hand out the paperwork
on it. Great job, Ken Svoboda!

Svoboda is right about one thing, though. More time was spent on the smoking ban
than needed to be.

I am not a smoker but I have a lot of friends who smoke, and they also patronize
bars and other places that permit smoking. I do have a spouse who has asthma but
she also thinks this ban is bad. We deal with it by staying away from most of
those places that could possibly trigger an asthma attack. I do not believe it
is government's (federal or state or local) place to tell my friends or anybody
else where they can or cannot light up.

Next thing you know they'll be telling us which businesses we can do business
with and the ones we can't. Come to think of it, I think they just did with this
ban!

What about the economic impact this will have on the community? It won't be a
plus. There will probably be businesses that close because of this goofy ban and
job loss as well. I thought the business of the elected officials was to help
the economy along, not to kill it.

Gary Burress, Lincoln

THANKS FOR THE HELP

I have heard many people complain about the streets being torn up for repair and
the inconveniences this causes. I received notice that my residential street was
about to be "rehabilitated," which would entail tearing up half of the street
and redoing the surface, the curbs and driveway approaches. This was needed, but
I was concerned about the project blocking all access to leaving my property
because I am currently involved in daily chemotherapy and radiation treatments.

I approached a workman who told me I needed to talk to "Ron," the crew
supervisor. I did this and explained my concerns to him. He said he would do
what he could to help. He immediately addressed the problem and made sure, as
they tore up the street, that a ramp was built across my driveway that allowed
me to get to and from the street. Even when it poured rain, and the ramp caused
a backing up of the water, keeping it from draining off freely, Ron said this
was no problem and they could bring out a pump and pump the water away.

I am a senior citizen and appreciated this kind and generous help to allow me to
resolve my problem. I would like to publicly thank this crew and their
supervisor, Ron. It gives me a fresh appreciation for the work they do to keep
our streets in good repair and for their consideration shown to the residents.

Thanks, guys.

Carol Christopher, Lincoln

IT'S THEIR CHOICE

This letter is in response to two recent letters to the editor concerning
recently constructed Allegrini Terrace and the Shadow Pines townhome
developments.

We are all fortunate to live in a society that allows its citizens to make
housing choices. Some choose to reside on acreages, some choose to live in the
city on estate-sized lots, some choose to live in the newly developing areas,
live along golf courses, live in multi-family areas, and yes, some choose to
live in existing and long-established neighborhoods.

The recent criticisms of the two townhome developments are unfair at best. These
projects both make excellent use of existing infrastructure. These projects
reduce urban sprawl by using the land as efficiently as possible, and yes,
waivers of the subdivision and zoning ordinances are sometimes required along
the way.

These developments provide housing for a particular niche of our diverse
population. As you can see by the fast-paced construction of these townhomes,
the "market" overwhelmingly accepts these developments. No one is forced to buy
or rent in these developments. They choose to live here.

Some choose to own their homes while others choose to rent; either way, we all
call them home.

Brian D. Carstens, Lincoln

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              955 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                    October 3, 2002 Thursday Toronto Edition

Brewers fire manager Royster: 'We got beat, we got beat often and I was fired'

SOURCE: The Associated Press

BYLINE: Arnie Stapleton

SECTION: Sports; Pg. S2

LENGTH: 180 words

DATELINE: MILWAUKEE

MILWAUKEE - Jerry Royster was fired as manager of the Milwaukee Brewers
yesterday, three days after the team completed its first 100-loss season.

The Brewers had the NL's worst record at 56-106 and easily surpassed their worst
mark of 64-98, set in 1969 when they were the Seattle Pilots. The Brewers
finished 41 games behind the Central Division-winning St. Louis Cardinals.

Milwaukee went 53-94 under Royster, who became interim manager when Davey Lopes
was fired on April 18.

Royster said he had taken over "an absolute mess."

"I didn't have enough to work with," he said yesterday from his home in Palm
Beach Gardens, Fla.

Royster said he didn't want to belittle his players.

"Do I think they played hard? Yeah, they played very hard. That wasn't an
issue," he said.

"It's just that we were short. We got beat, we got beat often and I was fired."

Royster is the sixth manager to be dismissed since the end of the season,
joining Chicago's Bruce Kimm, Detroit's Luis Pujols, Tampa Bay's Hal McRae,
Texas' Jerry Narron and the New York Mets' Bobby Valentine.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Sports

               Copyright 2002 National Post, All Rights Reserved


                              956 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 9, 1997, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Gephardt returns to party line Makes nice after slamming Clinton, Gore

BYLINE: Jill Lawrence

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 855 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- Never mind that last week, in a broadside against
President Clinton, Vice President Gore and nonliberal "New Democrats,"
House Minority Leader Dick Gephardt charged that the Democratic
Party had become a tactics-driven "money machine."

This week Gephardt and Clinton are the top draws at a New York
fund-raiser for Democratic House candidates. In the luxury of
Park Avenue's Waldorf-Astoria Hotel, bathed in the music of James
Taylor, the hatchet presumably will be out of sight if not mind.

When Gephardt takes center stage Wednesday night to introduce
Clinton, the Missouri Democrat "will talk about our hopes to
win back the House in 1998," says Gephardt's communications director,
Laura Nichols.


The joint appearance, coming after a flurry of conciliatory moves,
underscores Clinton's pre-eminence in his party and the risks
of taking him on. Whatever they may think of his policies or his
1996 fund-raising practices, Democrats depend on him to project
a favorable party image and raise money.

"The president is the most successful Democratic politician in
half a century. He's the only Democrat to be re-elected since
Roosevelt. He's the best asset the Democratic Party has. To try
to belittle his accomplishments seems to be counterproductive,"
says Al From, chairman of the Democratic Leadership Council, the
centrist group that Gephardt bashed in his speech.

Clinton is expected to raise $ 800,000 Wednesday night for the
Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, which helps House
candidates. By the end of this year, Clinton and Gore will have
raised about $ 3 million for the committee.

"The president is doing a great job for us," says committee
spokeswoman Stephanie Cohen. And for Gephardt. If Democrats take
the House, he would be in line to become speaker.

At times, last week seemed more like the middle of a presidential
campaign than three years before the first primary. Here was Attorney
General Janet Reno giving front-runner Gore a boost by deciding
against seeking an independent counsel to investigate his fund-raising.
There was Vermont Gov. Howard Dean telling Gore about his possible
plans for a 2000 run. Then came Gephardt with his hard-hitting
speech at Harvard University.

Until now Gephardt has set himself apart from Gore by aligning
himself with labor, liberals and environmental interests and by
opposing administration priorities such as the balanced-budget
agreement, favorable trade status for China and "fast-track"
trade negotiating authority.

The Harvard speech was more personal. With the White House and
centrist Democrats clearly in mind, Gephardt charged that the
nation's leaders had become calculating, poll-driven, small-time
thinkers unconcerned about the plight of those left behind in
the current good times.

Gephardt rebuked a questioner afterward for asking what a Gephardt
presidential campaign would look like. "Your question contains
assumptions that are horribly premature and not appropriate,"
he said.

But to many listeners, especially the irritated targets, Gephardt
seemed to be leaping ahead three years, right past a fundamental
fact: The whole House, a third of the Senate and 35 governors'
seats are at stake in 1998. White House and congressional Democrats
said sniping was no way to capture the House, now held narrowly
by Republicans.

"If you look at the seats that Democrats have to pick up, they
are swing seats in marginal districts, and the only Democrat that's
going to be successful" is a moderate 'new Democrat,' " says
Rep. Cal Dooley, D-Calif., head of a 41-member New Democrat Coalition
in the House.

He and others sent Gephardt a letter last week characterizing
his critique as "name-calling" that they found "troubling and
insulting." Dooley says the speech was "really out of character"
for Gephardt, who made a point of accommodating all viewpoints
when he became minority leader in 1995.

As for the presidential race, "it's going to be difficult for
him to attack the vice president and at the same time remain leader
of the Democrats in Congress," Dooley says. "He's going to have
to be a little more careful with his rhetoric."

Or else step down.

For the time being, Gephardt is following the first course. He
smoothed things over with Clinton in a telephone conversation
in which the president stressed the uncertainties of the 2000
field to underscore how premature it was to focus on that race.
The possibilities, Clinton mused, included everyone from Vermont's
Dean to Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry to Nebraska Sen. Bob Kerrey.
Better, the two men agreed, to worry about 1998.

By Friday morning, a day after talking to Clinton, Gephardt had
decided against making Sunday talk show appearances that inevitably
would have revived the feud. He's expected to praise Clinton on
Wednesday. "We certainly hope the speech is going to spark a
debate about the overall agenda for 1998 and the future," Nichols
says, "and not so much about any infighting between the White
House and this office."

LOAD-DATE: December 09, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Greg Gibson, AP

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              957 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 August 24, 1995 Thursday MORNING FINAL EDITION

APPLE TRIES TO BE HEARD ABOVE THE DIN

BYLINE: DEAN TAKAHASHI, Mercury News Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 1099 words


Apple Computer wants to take a bite out of Microsoft.

To counteract a barrage of Windows 95 publicity, Apple Computer Inc. has
launched its own ad campaign to promote its Macintosh personal computers. But
critics are skeptical that Apple can overcome the incredible media hype that has
followed Windows 95 and believe, at best, Apple might prevent its market share
from shrinking further.

"Taking potshots at Windows 95 is the appropriate thing to do," said Pieter
Hartsook, editor of Mac newsletter in Alameda. "They can't drag away all the
attention from the launch, but they can't just sit back and do nothing."

Michael Mace, a marketing director at the Cupertino-based company, says the
company is fighting Bill Gates' blitz with an ad budget that is double last
year's to entice potential Windows 95 buyers over to Apple's aisles in computer
stores.

Certainly, Apple can neither match Microsoft's marketing muscle nor its breadth
of products. But it has come up with an irreverent advertising campaign that
belittles Microsoft's program with the phrase, "Been there, done that" and a
companion series that points out some new feature on Windows 95 that's already
available on Macs. It ends with the sarcastic refrain, "Imagine that."

The campaign reflects the defensive posture of Apple, which still commands a
cult-like following among its users, and how much it has fallen in the computer
world. As recently as the early 1990s, the company claimed a market share of
more than 10 percent in the computer market. Today, that figure is about 8
percent, while computers based on Intel's microprocessors and Microsoft's
operating systems are used in more than 85 percent of the market.

Through a series of white papers, electronic publications, print advertisements
and even T-shirts, Apple has emphasized that the new features of Microsoft's
program, such as long file names and a nifty little waste can icon for deleting
files, have been part of the Macintosh landscape for years.

Microsoft counters that Windows 95 has closed the gap in ease of use between the
Mac and Windows. The Redmond, Wash., company says Windows 95 is now primed for
game players, multimedia, and has plug-and-play features that will finally make
it easier to install add-on equipment and new software on PCs.

Even if Apple wins any last-minute converts in the stores, it may not be able to
satisfy them. Michael Hagan, vice president at computer retail research firm ARS
Inc. in San Diego, said that recent surveys of computer stores show that Apple's
best-priced, most popular machines are in short supply.

"At this point, the Apple marketing and public relations waves are ahead of the
inventory," he said. "Retailers would love to have more Apple product on hand
because they make better profit margins on them."

The popular inexpensive machines in the consumer-oriented Performa line, for
instance, are scarce on store shelves while less popular, overpriced machines
are in plentiful supply, Hagan said. Mace acknowledged the shortage and said it
is frustrating.

"Windows 95 is not holding back our market share right now," he said. "It's our
own forecasting that is doing that."

The shortage problem plagued Apple in its previous quarterly report, when it
reported sales below analysts' estimates because it couldn't ship enough
computers. Apple sales grew 19.5 percent in the second quarter, which was below
the 25 percent industry average and well below the blow-out 55 percent growth
for Hewlett-Packard Co.

And the difficulty in filling store shelves may continue a bit longer because of
a shortage of key components.

Apple also will have to deal with the added headache of a second wave of
competitors' products from the IBM-compatible camp.

Apple will unveil its first PowerBook portable computers next week that use
chips developed by the Power PC alliance of IBM, Motorola Inc. and Apple.

For the longer term, Apple must combat impressions throughout the industry that
its days are numbered.

Even if Apple sustains a 20 percent growth rate, it still could fall behind in
market share if the industry as a whole grows faster than that. It continues to
have fans in the graphics and education markets, but the home consumer and
business markets are much bigger and have historically preferred using Windows.

The company plans to ship its next generation operating system, code-named
Copland, by mid-1996.

Also key to Apple's strategy is the development of OpenDoc, a new environment
for software applications that could allow programs from different platforms to
work together seamlessly, with the goal of melting away the barrier between the
Windows and Mac applications. Mace said OpenDoc applications will begin to ship
this fall.

"Copland and OpenDoc are extremely crucial to Apple," Hartsook said. "They have
to deliver on that by this time next year."

Another thing Apple needs is for software developers to write the leading-edge
games and multimedia programs for Macs that home users want. Many software
companies have abandoned the Macintosh and devoted all their energies to writing
programs for Windows because that is where the future sales base is expected to
be.

What good is the Performa's ability to run full-screen MPEG-1 standard (motion
picture experts group) video if there is no software that takes advantage of
that ability? Apple's answer has been to make it easier to license its programs
in an effort to attract top developers like Id Software, maker of the
top-selling game Doom. But the fact remains: PC users have been playing Doom II
for about a year now, while Mac users are just now getting their chance.

The Power PC alliance designed its own reduced instruction-set computing chips
to knock Intel's x86 microprocessors out of the market. But the RISC
architecture is falling short of expectations.

In its ads, Apple claims that its Power Macs can run IBM-compatible software,
but they do so through a layer of translation software called emulation. By its
nature, the emulation is so slow that it negates the advantage of the faster
microprocessor.

Apple will get help by licensing its operating system to companies such as Power
Computing Corp. and Radius Inc. But that will amount to less than 100,000 units
in the first year of Power Computing's sales.

IBM officials say they are negotiating to sell Power PC machines with the Mac
operating system next year. That depends on whether the common hardware
platform, which would use the same hardware to run either Mac or Windows
software, comes out on time next year.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: Apple's print ad campaign mimics the style of Microsoft's MS-DOS file
names.
[950824 BU 1E 1]

                     Copyright 1995 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              958 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                          September 8, 1994, Thursday

White House chief plans to axe Clinton's losing team

BYLINE: PATRICK COCKBURN in Washington

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS PAGE; Page 12

LENGTH: 498 words


A SHAKE-UP in President Bill Clinton's senior staff is expected within a week,
as the White House tries to improve the President's popularity before
Congressional elections in November.

With only 40 per cent of Americans approving of Mr Clinton, according to the
latest poll, the new White House chief of staff, Leon Panetta, is expected to
change staff members who deal with the media. After returning from a twelve-day
holiday in Martha's Vineyard yesterday, Mr Clinton is known to feel that he is
the victim of hostility from press and television, who belittle his
achievements. Dogged by allegations over business dealings and his sex life in
Arkansas, he needs to rebut Republican attacks on his character.

Mr Panetta asked for broad powers to hire and fire when he was appointed, and is
expected to seek changes in the White House communications staff. Among those
under threat are Deedee Myers, the White House spokeswoman and Mark Gearan, the
head of communications.

The White House fears heavy Democratic losses in Congress in November. This
would make it more difficult for Mr Clinton to pass his domestic agenda before
the 1996 presidential election. He is unlikely to salvage his health care
package, intended to be the centre-piece of his presidency. So he needs to
attack the Republicans as obstacles to reform.

Visits by President Nelson Mandela of South Africa and the Russian President,
Boris Yeltsin, before November, will boost Mr Clinton's standing. He may be
helped if the invasion of Haiti takes place and is a success.

No less than 52 per cent of Americans disapprove of the way Mr Clinton handles
his job and only 40 per cent approve, according to a Time magazine poll. Some 40
per cent say they will vote for the Republicans in the Congressional elections
and only 38 per cent for the Democrats.

The Democrats expect to lose three Senate seats and between 18 and 22 House
seats, but the losses may be worse. Democrats are trailing in former safe seats.
In Pennsylvania the election of Harris Wofford to the Senate in 1991 as an
advocate of health care reform started a trend which won Mr Clinton the
presidency a year later. This time, Senator Wofford's staff say Mr Clinton is a
liability.

A shake-up in the White House may be the prelude to other changes. The most
important would be the replacement of Warren Christopher as Secretary of State,
probably by Walter Mondale, a former vice-president and now ambassador to Japan.
''The problem about Christopher,'' said one White House aide, ''is that 30 years
ago you could have a Secretary of State who was a negotiator pure and simple,
but now you need somebody who looks and sounds forceful.''

A big problem for the administration is that the President and his wife do not
like sharing power with anybody. This led them to appoint people of limited
authority to key posts, such as Mr Clinton's old kindergarten friend, Mack
McLarty, as chief of staff, and Mr Christopher.


LOAD-DATE: September 08, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1994 Independent Print Ltd


                              959 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 4, 1982, Friday, Late City Final Edition

Index;
International

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 4; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1198 words


A black union runs up against South Africa's railway A2
China frees American accused of spying and orders her out A3
Two leaders of Spanish coup at- tempt get 30-year terms A3
Ex-Turkish Premier ordered freed from prison A4
Soviet tows shipborne antinu- clear group out of harbor A6
U.N. Council postpones vote on Falkland truce resolution A8
Argentine officials belittle the battle for Stanley A8
Argentina appeals to third world for support on Falklands A9
Weinberger acknowledges strat- egy on prolong nuclear war A10
Parley in Israel to go ahead de- spite reported Turkish threats A10
Around the World A11
France to dazzle visitors with Sun King's splendor A12
Reporter's Notebook: A sartorial surprise in Paris A12

Government/Politics
Nearly half the nation's bridges termed deficient or obsolete A14
New York enforcing new law on child safety seats in cars B2

Washington Talk
Briefing A18
A look at consumer product ex- perts as consumers A18

General
Around the Nation A14
Detroit gets ready for its first Grand Prix race A14
California officials irked at South Dakota crime policy A14
Expert describes Hinckley's brain as normal A21
Monsanto announces research agreement with university A21
Synanon suit against TV station settled out of court A21
Conference plans emergency food programs for the hungry B3

Weekend
Weekender Guide C1
Great Irish Fair set for Brooklyn waterfront C1
Guide to street fairs around town C14
Theater: Broadway C2

''The Arcata Promise'' C3
Dance: Eliot Feld Ballet back in town C3

Ethnic music and dance in Queens C7
Screen: At the Movies C12

''The Comeback Trail,'' a '74 comedy, at Thalia C10

''Star Trek II,'' with Ricardo Montalban, opens C12

''Hanky Panky,'' with Gene Wilder and Gilda Radner C12

''Poltergeist,'' from Steven Spielberg C16
Music: Summerpier opens jazz series with Billy Taylor C6

Dick Hyman at St. Peter's Church C6
Art: A Golden age of France at Met C1

Wifredo Lam exhibition at Modern C1

Rodin's ''Gates of Hell'' at Met C21

Auctions C28
Books: Publishing C30

''Eternal Curse on the Reader of These Pages'' reviewed C29
Restaurants C24
TV Weekend C30

Health/Science
A new rocket system for the space shuttle is unveiled A21
A new group is formed to study the world environment A21

Industry/Labor
Two arrested and 19 charged in sweatshop cases B3

Style
The Evening Hours B4
A ''king'' of night looks north B4
Jewish women assess a decade of religious gains B4

Sports
Lakers beat 76ers, 111-101, and lead final series, 3-1 A23
A par-72, 750-mile dream course A23
Yanks get 4 hits and lose to BLue Jays, 3-1 A23
Belmont Stakes draws a field of 11 A23
Miss Jaeger upsets Mrs. Lloyd, 6-3, 6-1, to gain French final A23
George Vecsey on a young jock- ey's life on the fast lane A26
Cameron's target is Evans's world 400-meter record of 43.86 A26
Dan Lloyd rejoins Giants after battling cancer A27

Features/Notes
Sports People A25

News Analysis
Linda Greenhouse on Justice O'- Connor and federalism A18
David Margolick discusses the visa controversy B1
Martin Tolchin on value and loss to having no budget B7

Editorials/Letters/Op-Ed
Editorials A30

Nine days to learn Blurred choice in New Jersey Peter Passell: a new
R.F.C.?Letters A30
William Safire: the two summit Reagans A31
Tom Wicker: meanwhile, back at the ranch A31
Willy Brandt: an East-West sum- mit meeting A31
Harold Lever: after Versailles, the deluge?  A31
Jean Daniel: France and Amer- ica A31

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: contents

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              960 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Vitriol reveals ugly side of sports fanatics; Reactions to players' miscues way
out of line

BYLINE: Cam Cole, Postmedia News

SECTION: SPORTS; Cam Cole; Pg. C7

LENGTH: 930  words

DATELINE: Vancouver


Maybe it's a dangerous confession for someone in this line of work, but the fact
is, it's been a long time since I understood what makes the unswervingly devoted
fan tick.

What is it about fanaticism in support of a team that causes selective
blindness? Why is our guy always innocent and their guy always guilty? Why is it
inconceivable that any member of this glorious team of (your hometown here)
could have done something heinous?

Why does a victory by my team over yours mean that I must thump my chest, as if
I had something to do with the result, and shout you down and belittle you, and
your city?

How does a loss in the Stanley Cup final morph into a riot that does tens of
millions of dollars in property damage?

And why does an error that costs a team an important game make the perpetrator a
worthless human being, subject to homophobic or racist or just plain stupid
cruelty and death threats, from fans of his own team?

Some of these questions must be occurring to anybody with a working brain in San
Francisco today, and in Baltimore, their football teams beaten Sunday and denied
berths in the Super Bowl, each offering clear and obvious human sacrifices to
cover up the sins of the losing side.

In San Francisco, a poor performance by 49ers QB Alex Smith, who threw every
second pass into the dirt, got a free ride because two muffed punt returns by
Kyle Williams - a fourth-quarter bouncing kick that glanced off his knee when he
ought to have stayed miles away from it, the other an overtime fumble - gifted
the New York Giants exactly half their points, including the winning field goal,
in a 20-17 victory.

In New England, the Baltimore Ravens failed to take full advantage of a rare
lousy day by Patriots QB Tom Brady, and receiver Lee Evans allowed a touchdown
pass to be jarred from his weak grasp. But it was kicker Billy Cundiff running
late onto the field, coach John Harbaugh not calling a timeout, and the kicker
yanking a simple 32-yard field goal wide left that finally allowed the Patriots
to escape with a three-point victory.

Registered Twitter account holders - rarely under their own names, of course,
but traceable all the same by a police department, if it wanted to go to the
trouble - reacted to the Williams gaffes Sunday with posts like these (and ones
much worse that are unprintable):

"I hope you, youre (sic) wife, kids and family die, you deserve it" "If you had
just gotten cancer and died like Jo Pa the 49ers would be in the super bowl."

"Jim Harbaugh, please give @ KyleWilliams_10 the game ball. And make sure it
explodes when he gets in his car."

The Joe Paterno reference - the 85-year-old, recently fired Penn State coach
died of lung cancer on Sunday - was a classy touch, wasn't it?

Cundiff? The Ravens told him not to even look at his Twitter account. But from
the bottom of the media barrel, ESPN's @StephenASmith opined: "This is why
Kickers are hated. That boy Cundiff would NOT fly home with my team. He'd fly
commercial."

Now, these are quite clearly the dregs of the sports-fan/media pool, and the
many others who haven't utterly lost their minds are in the majority. But it
doesn't take many of the former to make you wonder about the fate of humanity.

How did the worst of them get so far over the line that they don't even know
where the line is, anymore? Does no one's home have a mirror? Or is it all right
to utter such hate, if it's only the Internet?

It's tempting to say "Hey, it's Americans, you know what they're like," but tell
that to Paul McCallum, the B.C. Lions' Hall of Fame-bound kicker who missed an
18-yard field goal in the 2004 playoffs while with Saskatchewan.

The 31-year-old Regina tire salesman who twice threatened to burn down
McCallum's house - including once to his wife's face - lived just a few doors
away. He had two small children. He was handed a suspended sentence, 18 months
probation and 100 hours of community service, and lost his job. That's not
rational thinking.

Two years ago, the Roughriders lost a Grey Cup on the game's last play when they
had too many men on the field, giving Montreal kicker Damon Duval a mulligan on
his missed field goal, and he made it the second time.

Linebacker Sean Lucas, we now know, was the 13th man, but at the time, the team
knew damned well what would happen if he were ever conclusively identified, so
special-teams coach Kavis Reed (now Edmonton Eskimos head coach) took the bullet
- and it's hardly an exaggeration to say he, and the Roughriders who stayed
admirably mum, may have saved Lucas from being assaulted or worse.

In Vancouver, the Canucks-Boston Bruins hatefest in last year's Stanley Cup
final extended to fans and media.

The hatred between the fan bases is so visceral, it's almost incomprehensible.
Boston-Montreal is no better. Fanaticism in, clear thinking out.

It's not healthy.

The reaction on Penn State's campus to Paterno's death - coming a few months
after he was fired for reacting inadequately to years of warning signs (and an
eyewitness account) that a longtime former assistant, Jerry Sandusky, appeared
to be a sexual predator with an affinity for young boys - doesn't argue well for
a university as a place to develop students' critical faculties.

A vigil for the dead coach, and the usual blather on Twitter, makes it seem that
students at PSU blame everything but lung cancer for his death. It wasn't age or
illness, it was the board of trustees who fired him. Or it was the media who
told the Sandusky story. They killed him. He died of a broken heart, and no one
will convince the true believers otherwise.

It's simpler that way.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Thearon Henderson, Getty Images; Fans of the 49ers dressed as Joe
Montana and Jerry Rice pose in the parking lot prior to Sunday's NFC
championship game against the New York Giants in San Francisco.;;  Cundiff;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              961 of 996 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday
                                National Edition

Too far gone; The Twitter hatred directed at a few underperforming NFL players
this weekend makes one worry about the fate of humanity

BYLINE: Cam Cole, Postmedia News

SECTION: SPORTS; Cam Cole; Pg. S1

LENGTH: 1035  words


Maybe it's a dangerous confession for someone in this line of work, but the fact
is, it's been a long time since I understood what makes the unswervingly devoted
fan tick.

What is it about fanaticism in support of a team that causes selective
blindness? Why is our guy always innocent and their guy always guilty? Why is it
inconceivable that any member of this glorious team of (your hometown here)
could have done something heinous?

Why does a victory by my team over yours mean that I must thump my chest, as if
I had something to do with the result, and shout you down and belittle you, and
your city?

Why do we "serenade" the opposing goalie after he's let one in, when he is the
one person in the best position to stick it in our ear if he is motivated by
that kind of premature celebrating?

How does a loss in the Stanley Cup final morph into a riot that does tens of
millions of dollars in property damage?

And why does an error that costs a team an important game make the perpetrator a
worthless human being, subject to homophobic or racist or just plain stupid
cruelty and death threats, from fans of his own team?

Some of these questions must be occurring to anybody with a working brain in San
Francisco and Baltimore, their football teams beaten Sunday and denied berths in
the Super Bowl, each offering clear and obvious human sacrifices to cover up the
sins of the losing side.

In San Francisco, a poor performance by 49ers quarterback Alex Smith, who threw
every second pass into the dirt, got a free ride because two punt-return
mistakes by Kyle Williams - a fourthquarter bouncing kick that glanced off his
knee when he ought to have stayed miles away from it, the other an overtime
fumble - gifted the New York Giants exactly half their points, including the
winning field goal, in a 20-17 victory.

In New England, Baltimore failed to take full advantage of a rare lousy day by
Patriots quarterback Tom Brady, and Ravens receiver Lee Evans allowed a
touchdown pass to be jarred from his weak grasp. But it was kicker Billy Cundiff
running late onto the field, coach John Harbaugh not calling a timeout, and the
kicker yanking a simple 32yard field goal wide left that finally allowed the
Patriots to escape with a three-point victory.

Registered Twitter account holders - rarely under their own names, of course,
(cowardly anonymity being an unfortunate hallmark of the medium) but traceable
all the same by a police department, if it wanted to go to the trouble - reacted
to the Williams gaffes Sunday with posts like these (and ones much worse that
are unprintable):

"I hope you, youre [sic] wife, kids and family die, you deserve it"

"If you had just gotten cancer and died like Jo Pa the 49ers would be in the
super bowl."

"Jim Harbaugh, please give @KyleWilliams_10 the game ball. And make sure it
explodes when he gets in his car."

The Joe Paterno reference - the 85-year-old, recently fired Penn State coach
died of lung cancer on Sunday - was a classy touch, wasn't it?

Cundiff ? The Ravens told him not to even look at his Twitter account.

But from the bottom of the media barrel, ESPN's Stephen A. Smith opined on his
account (@StephenASmith): "This is why Kickers are hated. That boy Cundiff would
NOT fly home with my team. He'd fly commercial."

Now, these are quite clearly the dregs of the sports-fan/ media pool, and the
many others who haven't utterly lost their minds are in the majority. But it
doesn't take many of the former to make you wonder about the fate of humanity.

How did the worst of them get so far over the line that they don't even know
where the line is anymore? Does no one's home have a mirror?

Or is it all right to utter such hate, if it's only the Internet?

It's tempting to say, "Hey, it's Americans, you know what they're like," but
tell that to Paul McCallum, the B.C. Lions' Hall of Fame-bound kicker who missed
an 18-yard field goal in the 2004 playoffs while with Saskatchewan.

The 31-year-old Regina tire salesman who twice threatened to burn down
McCallum's house - including once to his wife's face - lived just a few doors
away. He had two small children. He was handed a suspended sentence, 18 months'
probation and 100 hours of community service, and lost his job. That's not
rational thinking.

Two years ago, the Roughriders lost a Grey Cup on the game's last play when they
had too many men on the field, giving Montreal kicker Damon Duval a mulligan on
his missed field goal, and he made it the second time.

Linebacker Sean Lucas, we now know, was the 13th man, but at the time, the team
knew damned well what would happen if he were ever conclusively identified, so
special teams coach Kavis Reed (now the Edmonton Eskimos' head coach) took the
bullet - and it's hardly an exaggeration to say he, and the Roughriders who
stayed admirably mum, may have saved Lucas from being assaulted or worse.

In Vancouver, the CanucksBoston Bruins hatefest in last year's Stanley Cup final
extended to fans and media, and anyone who maintained the slightest sense of
perspective in the wake of the Brad Marchand submarine hit on Sami Salo two
weeks ago would have been appalled at the savage nature of reactions from fans
of both teams - seeing the same incident through such different prisms, each
might as well have been blind.

The hatred between the fan bases is so visceral, it's almost incomprehensible.
BostonMontreal is no better. Fanaticism in, clear thinking out.

It's not healthy. The reaction on Penn State's campus to Paterno's death -
coming a few months after he was fired for reacting inadequately to years of
warning signs (and an eyewitness account) that a longtime former assistant,
Jerry Sandusky, appeared to be a sexual predator with an affinity for young boys
- doesn't argue well for a university as a place to develop students' critical
faculties.

A vigil for the dead coach, and the usual blather on Twitter, makes it seem that
students at PSU blame everything but lung cancer for his death. It wasn't age or
illness, it was the board of trustees who fired him. Or it was the media who
told the Sandusky story. They killed him. He died of a broken heart, and no one
will convince the true believers otherwise.

It's simpler that way.

ccole@vancouversun.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ray Stubblebine, Reuters; Billy Cundiff missed a last-minute field goal
on Sunday that would have sent the Ravens to overtime with the Patriots. But it
was his coach who failed to call a timeout before the kick.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              962 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Sports can bring out worst in fans; Niners', Ravens' goats subjected to abuse,
threats

BYLINE: Cam Cole, Postmedia News

SECTION: SPORTS; Cam Cole; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 1328  words


Maybe it's a dangerous confession for someone in this line of work but, the fact
is, it's been a long time since I understood what makes the unswervingly devoted
fan tick.

What is it about fanaticism in support of a team that causes selective
blindness? Why is our guy always innocent and their guy always guilty? Why is it
inconceivable that any member of this glorious team of (your hometown here)
could have done something heinous?

Why does a victory by my team over yours mean that I must thump my chest, as if
I had something to do with the result, and shout you down and belittle you, and
your city?

Why do we "serenade" the opposing goalie after he's let one in, when he is the
one person in the best position to stick it in our ear if he is motivated by
that kind of premature celebrating?

How does a loss in the Stanley Cup final morph into a riot that does tens of
millions of dollars in property damage?

And why does an error that costs a team an important game make the perpetrator a
worthless human being, subject to homophobic or racist or just plain stupid
cruelty and death threats, from fans of his own team?

Some of these questions must be occurring to anybody with a working brain in San
Francisco today, and in Baltimore, their football teams beaten Sunday and denied
berths in the Super Bowl, each offering clear and obvious human sacrifices to
cover up the sins of the losing side.

In San Francisco, a poor performance by 49ers QB Alex Smith, who threw every
second pass into the dirt, got a free ride.

Smith was let off the hook because two muffed punt returns by Kyle Williams - a
fourth-quarter bouncing kick that glanced off his knee when he ought to have
stayed miles away from it, the other an overtime fumble - gifted the New York
Giants exactly half their points, including the winning field goal, in a 20-17
victory.

In New England, the Baltimore Ravens failed to take full advantage of a rare
lousy day by Patriots QB Tom Brady and receiver Lee Evans allowed a touchdown
pass to be jarred from his weak grasp. But it was kicker Billy Cundiff running
late onto the field, head coach John Harbaugh not calling a timeout and the
kicker yanking a simple 32-yard field goal wide left that finally allowed the
Patriots to escape with a three-point victory.

Registered Twitter account holders - rarely under their own names, of course,
(cowardly anonymity being an unfortunate hallmark of the medium) but traceable
all the same by a police department, if it wanted to go to the trouble - reacted
to the Williams gaffes Sunday with posts like these (and ones much worse that
are unprintable):

"I hope you, youre (sic) wife, kids and family die, you deserve it"

"If you had just gotten cancer and died like Jo Pa the 49ers would be in the
super bowl."

"Jim Harbaugh, please give KyleWilliams_10 the game ball. And make sure it
explodes when he gets in his car."

The Joe Paterno reference - the 85-year-old, recently fired Penn State head
coach died of lung cancer on Sunday - was a classy touch, wasn't it?

Cundiff? The Ravens told him not to even look at his Twitter account.

But from the bottom of the media barrel, ESPN's Stephen A. Smith opined: "This
is why Kickers are hated.

That boy Cundiff would NOT fly home with my team. He'd fly commercial."

Now, these are quite clearly the dregs of the sports-fan/ media pool, and the
many others who haven't utterly lost their minds are in the majority. But it
doesn't take many of the former to make you wonder about the fate of humanity.

How did the worst of them get so far over the line that they don't even know
where the line is anymore? Does no one's home have a mirror?

Or is it all right to utter such hate, if it's only the Internet?

It's tempting to say "Hey, it's Americans, you know what they're like," but tell
that to Paul McCallum, the B.C. Lions' Hall of Famebound kicker who missed an
18-yard field goal in the 2004 playoffs while with Saskatchewan.

The 31-year-old Regina tire salesman who twice threatened to burn down
McCallum's house - including once to his wife's face - lived just a few doors
away. He had two small children. He was handed a suspended sentence, 18 months
probation and 100 hours of community service, and lost his job. That's not
rational thinking.

Two years ago, the Roughriders lost a Grey Cup on the game's last play when they
had too many men on the field, giving Montreal kicker Damon Duval a mulligan on
his missed field goal, and he made it the second time.

Linebacker Sean Lucas, we now know, was the 13th man, but at the time, the team
knew damned well what would happen if he were ever conclusively identified, so
special teams coach Kavis Reed (now the Edmonton Eskimos' head coach) took the
bullet - and it's hardly an exaggeration to say he, and the Roughriders who
stayed admirably mum, may have saved Lucas from being assaulted or worse.

In Vancouver, the Canucks-Boston Bruins hatefest in last year's Stanley Cup
final extended to fans and media, and anyone who maintained the slightest sense
of perspective in the wake of the Brad Marchand submarine hit on Sami Salo a
month ago would have been appalled at the savage nature of reactions from fans
of both teams - seeing the same incident through such different prisms, each
might as well have been blind.

The hatred between the fan bases is so visceral, it's almost incomprehensible.
Boston-Montreal is no better. Fanaticism in, clear thinking out.

It's not healthy.

The reaction on Penn State's campus to Paterno's death - coming a few months
after he was fired for reacting inadequately to years of warning signs (and an
eyewitness account) that a longtime former assistant, Jerry Sandusky, appeared
to be a sexual predator with an affinity for young boys - doesn't argue well for
a university as a place to develop students' critical faculties.

A vigil for the dead coach, and the usual blather on Twitter, makes it seem that
students at PSU blame everything but lung cancer for his death.

It wasn't age or illness, it was the board of trustees who fired him. Or it was
the media who told the Sandusky story. They killed him. He died of a broken
heart, and no one will convince the true believers otherwise.

It's simpler that way.

NINERS' WILLIAMS STANDS UP FOR GAFFES

SANTA CLARA, California Kyle Williams isn't holed up underground. He's not
sobbing in a dark room, the curtains cinched tight. He's not cowering over death
threats he received on Twitter.

Instead Williams on Monday was standing in front of his locker, answering
questions about the muffs heard 'round the football world a day earlier.

"You have to take full responsibility for it, which I do," he said while
encircled by microphones and television cameras. "It's something I made a
mistake on. I'll move through it. I promise you that."

Williams flubbed two returns against the Giants. The second occurred when he was
switching the ball from one hand to the other and led to New York's game-winning
field goal in overtime.

Williams didn't head home following his four-minute media session. He hung out
in the locker-room and acted like any other player clearing out his cleats and
jerseys the day after the season ended.

As Williams' Twitter account was filling with angry missives, even death
threats, hours after the game, guard Adam Snyder tweeted his own message: "hold
your head high bro. You had an amazing season. I'm proud to be your teammate."

Williams' support came from all corners of the locker room.

"I was that guy last year," said kicker David Akers. "I missed two kicks in a
playoff game, and it's tough. We're all competitors and we all give it
everything we have. Kyle's made a lot of big plays for us. He's just trying to
make plays out there. Weather conditions were horrible, I know he'll never give
any excuses for any of that, but I say this and I say it in the truest way."

Matthew Barrows, McClatchy-Tribune News

VISIT OUR SPECIAL SUPER BOWL WEBSITE

For more coverage of the Patriots-Giants matchup, go to ottawacitizen.com/
superbowl.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Paul Kitagaki Jr., Mcclatchy-Tribune News; San Francisco's Kyle
Williams sits dejected on the bench after his fumble in overtime against the
Giants on Sunday. His turnover led to the winning field goal for New York.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2012 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              963 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Sometimes sports brings out worst in fans

BYLINE: Cam Cole, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: SPORTS; Cam Cole; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 1009  words


Maybe it's a dangerous confession for someone in this line of work, but the fact
is, it's been a long time since I understood what makes the unswervingly devoted
fan tick.

What is it about fanaticism in support of a team that causes selective
blindness? Why is our guy always innocent and their guy always guilty? Why is it
inconceivable that any member of this glorious team of (your hometown here)
could have done something heinous?

Why does a victory by my team over yours mean that I must thump my chest, as if
I had something to do with the result, and shout you down and belittle you, and
your city?

Why do we "serenade" the opposing goalie after he's let one in, when he is the
one person in the best position to stick it in our ear if he is motivated by
that kind of premature celebrating?

How does a loss in the Stanley Cup final morph into a riot that does tens of
millions of dollars in property damage?

And why does an error that costs a team an important game make the perpetrator a
worthless human being, subject to homophobic or racist or just plain stupid
cruelty and death threats, from fans of his own team?

Some of these questions must be occurring to anybody with a working brain in San
Francisco today, and in Baltimore, their football teams beaten Sunday and denied
berths in the Super Bowl, each offering clear and obvious human sacrifices to
cover up the sins of the losing side.

In San Francisco, a poor performance by 49ers QB Alex Smith, who threw every
second pass into the dirt, got a free ride because two muffed punt returns by
Kyle Williams - a fourth-quarter bouncing kick that glanced off his knee when he
ought to have stayed miles away from it, the other an overtime fumble - gifted
the New York Giants exactly half their points, including the winning field goal,
in a 20-17 victory.

In New England, the Baltimore Ravens failed to take full advantage of a rare
lousy day by Patriots QB Tom Brady, and receiver Lee Evans allowed a touchdown
pass to be jarred from his weak grasp. But it was kicker Billy Cundiff running
late onto the field, coach John Harbaugh not calling a timeout, and the kicker
yanking a simple 32yard field goal wide left that finally allowed the Patriots
to escape with a three-point victory.

Registered Twitter account holders - rarely under their own names, of course,
(cowardly anonymity being an unfortunate hallmark of the medium) but traceable
all the same by a police department, if it wanted to go to the trouble - reacted
to the Williams gaffes Sunday with posts like these (and ones much worse that
are unprintable):

"I hope you, youre (sic) wife, kids and family die, you deserve it"

"If you had just gotten cancer and died like Jo Pa the 49ers would be in the
super bowl."

"Jim Harbaugh, please give @KyleWilliams_10 the game ball. And make sure it
explodes when he gets in his car."

The Joe Paterno reference - the 85-year-old, recently fired Penn State coach
died of lung cancer on Sunday - was a classy touch, wasn't it?

Cundiff ? The Ravens told him not to even look at his Twitter account.

But from the bottom of the media barrel, ESPN's @StephenASmith opined: "This is
why Kickers are hated. That boy Cundiff would NOT fly home with my team. He'd
fly commercial."

Now, these are quite clearly the dregs of the sports-fan/ media pool, and the
many others who haven't utterly lost their minds are in the majority. But it
doesn't take many of the former to make you wonder about the fate of humanity.

How did the worst of them get so far over the line that they don't even know
where the line is, any more? Does no one's home have a mirror?

Or is it all right to utter such hate, if it's only the Internet?

It's tempting to say "Hey, it's Americans, you know what they're like," but tell
that to Paul McCallum, the B.C. Lions' Hall of Famebound kicker who missed an
18-yard field goal in the 2004 playoffs while with Saskatchewan.

The 31-year-old Regina tire salesman who twice threatened to burn down
McCallum's house - including once to his wife's face - lived just a few doors
away. He had two small children. He was handed a suspended sentence, 18 months
probation and 100 hours of community service, and lost his job. That's not
rational thinking.

Two years ago, the Roughriders lost a Grey Cup on the game's last play when they
had too many men on the field, giving Montreal kicker Damon Duval a mulligan on
his missed field goal, and he made it the second time.

Linebacker Sean Lucas, we now know, was the 13th man, but at the time, the team
knew damned well what would happen if he were ever conclusively identified, so
special teams coach Kavis Reed (now Edmonton Eskimos' head coach) took the
bullet - and it's hardly an exaggeration to say he, and the Roughriders who
stayed admirably mum, may have saved Lucas from being assaulted or worse.

In Vancouver, the Canucks-Boston Bruins hatefest in last year's Stanley Cup
final extended to fans and media, and anyone who maintained the slightest sense
of perspective in the wake of the Brad Marchand submarine hit on Sami Salo a
month ago would have been appalled at the savage nature of reactions from fans
of both teams.

The hatred between the fan bases is so visceral, it's almost incomprehensible.
Boston-Montreal is no better. Fanaticism in, clear thinking out.

It's not healthy. The reaction on Penn State's campus to Paterno's death -
coming a few months after he was fired for reacting inadequately to years of
warning signs (and an eyewitness account) that a longtime former assistant,
Jerry Sandusky, appeared to be a sexual predator with an affinity for young boys
- doesn't argue well for a university as a place to develop students' critical
faculties.

A vigil for the dead coach, and the usual blather on Twitter, makes it seem that
students at PSU blame everything but lung cancer for his death. It wasn't age or
illness, it was the board of trustees who fired him. Or it was the media who
told the Sandusky story. They killed him. He died of a broken heart, and no one
will convince the true believers otherwise.

It's simpler that way.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mcclatchy-Tribune News Service; San Francisco 49ers player Kyle
Williams sits on the sideline after an overtime fumble in the NFC Championship
game against the New York Giants in San Francisco on Sunday. Williams's gaffes
in the game evoked some nasty comments online, including threats against both
the player and his family.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              964 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Why do fans lose their perspective?; Outpouring of hatred aimed at Billy
Cundiff, Kyle Williams crosses the line, and then some

BYLINE: Cam Cole, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: SPORTS; Cam Cole; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 1031  words


Maybe it's a dangerous confession for someone in this line of work, but the fact
is, it's been a long time since I understood what makes the unswervingly devoted
fan tick.

What is it about fanaticism in support of a team that causes selective
blindness? Why is our guy always innocent and their guy always guilty? Why is it
inconceivable that any member of this glorious team of (your hometown here)
could have done something heinous?

Why does a victory by my team over yours mean that I must thump my chest, as if
I had something to do with the result, and shout you down and belittle you, and
your city?

Why do we "serenade" the opposing goalie after he's let one in, when he is the
one person in the best position to stick it in our ear if he is motivated by
that kind of premature celebrating?

How does a loss in the Stanley Cup Final morph into a riot that does tens of
millions of dollars in property damage?

And why does an error that costs a team an important game make the perpetrator a
worthless human being, subject to homophobic or racist or just plain stupid
cruelty and death threats, from fans of his own team? Some of these questions
must be occurring to anybody with a working brain in San Francisco today, and in
Baltimore, their football teams beaten Sunday and denied berths in the Super
Bowl, each offering clear and obvious human sacrifices to cover up the sins of
the losing side.

In San Francisco, a poor performance by 49ers QB Alex Smith, who threw every
second pass into the dirt, got a free ride because two muffed punt returns by
Kyle Williams - a fourth-quarter bouncing kick that glanced off his knee when he
ought to have stayed miles away from it, the other an overtime fumble - gifted
the New York Giants exactly half their points, including the winning field goal,
in a 20-17 victory.

In New England, the Baltimore Ravens failed to take full advantage of a rare
lousy day by Patriots QB Tom Brady, and receiver Lee Evans allowed a touchdown
pass to be jarred from his weak grasp. But it was kicker Billy Cundiff running
late onto the field, coach John Harbaugh not calling a time out, and the kicker
yanking a simple 32-yard field goal wide left that finally allowed the Patriots
to escape with a three-point victory.

Registered Twitter account holders - rarely under their own names, of course
(cowardly anonymity being an unfortunate hallmark of the medium), but traceable
all the same by a police department, if it wanted to go to the trouble - reacted
to the Williams gaffes Sunday with tweets like these (and a lot of worse ones
that are unprintable):

"I hope you, youre [sic] wife, kids and family die, you deserve it"

"If you had just gotten cancer and died like Jo Pa the 49ers would be in the
super bowl."

"Jim Harbaugh, please give @KyleWilliams_10 the game ball. And make sure it
explodes when he gets in his car."

The Joe Paterno reference - the 85-year-old, recently fired Penn State coach
died of lung cancer on Sunday - was a classy touch, wasn't it?

Cundiff? The Ravens told him not to even look at his Twitter account.

But from the bottom of the media barrel, ESPN's @StephenASmith opined: "This is
why Kickers are hated. That boy Cundiff would NOT fly home with my team. He'd
fly commercial."

Now, these are quite clearly the dregs of the sports-fan/ media pool, and the
many others who haven't utterly lost their minds are in the majority. But it
doesn't take many of the former to make you wonder about the fate of humanity.

How did the worst of them get so far over the line that they don't even know
where the line is, anymore? Does no one's home have a mirror?

Or is it all right to utter such hate, if it's only the Internet?

It's tempting to say "Hey, it's Americans, you know what they're like," but tell
that to Paul McCallum, the B.C. Lions' Hall of Fame-bound kicker who missed an
18-yard field goal in the 2004 playoffs while with Saskatchewan.

The 31-year-old Regina tire salesman who twice threatened to burn down
McCallum's house - including once to his wife's face - lived just a few doors
away. He had two small children. He was handed a suspended sentence, 18 months
probation and 100 hours of community service, and lost his job. That's not
rational thinking.

Two years ago, the Roughriders lost a Grey Cup on the game's final play when
they had too many men on the field, giving Montreal kicker Damon Duval a
mulligan on his missed field goal, and he made it the second time.

Linebacker Sean Lucas, we now know, was the 13th man, but at the time, the team
knew damned well what would happen if he were ever conclusively identified, so
special teams coach Kavis Reed (now Edmonton Eskimos' head coach) took the
bullet - and it's hardly an exaggeration to say he, and the Roughriders who
stayed admirably mum, may have saved Lucas from being assaulted or worse.

Here in Vancouver, the Boston-Vancouver hatefest in last year's Stanley Cup
Final extended to fans and media, and anyone who maintained the slightest sense
of perspective after the Brad Marchand submarine hit on Sami Salo a month ago
would have been appalled at the savage nature of reactions from fans of both
teams - seeing the same incident through such different prisms, each might as
well have been blind.

The hatred between the fan bases is so visceral, it's almost incomprehensible.
BostonMontreal is no better. Fanaticism in, clear thinking out.

It's not healthy.

The reaction on Penn State's campus to Paterno's death - coming a few months
after he was fired for reacting inadequately to years of warning signs (and an
eyewitness account) that a longtime former assistant, Jerry Sandusky, appeared
to be a sexual predator with an affinity for young boys - doesn't argue well for
a university as a place to develop students' critical faculties.

A vigil for the dead coach, and the usual blather on Twitter, makes it seem that
students at PSU blame everything but lung cancer for his death. It wasn't age or
illness, it was the board of trustees who fired him. Or it was the media who
told the Sandusky story. They killed him. He died of a broken heart, and no one
will convince the true believers otherwise.

It's simpler that way.

ccole@vancouversun.com

Twitter.com/@rcamcole

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Paul Kitagaki Jr., Sacramento Bee; San Francisco 49ers Kyle Williams
muffed a pair of punt returns Sunday that allowed the New York Giants to score
both times in their 20-17 win over the 49ers. However, Williams was not the only
49er to have a bad game.; Doug Kapustin, Mct;  Ravens kicker Billy Cundiff
missed a field goal that would have tied Sunday's game.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              965 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   September 17, 1999, Friday, Final Edition

No Barrier to Floyd; Islands Windblown; Floods 'as Far as You Can See'

Marc Fisher, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 1165 words

DATELINE: WRIGHTSVILLE BEACH, N.C., Sept. 16



The worst of it hit at 3:38 in the morning, which was the moment when Darrell
McCall, moving from bedroom to bedroom of his beachfront house seeking a corner
safe from the rains of Floyd, saw the ocean marry the bay.

Hurricane Floyd was not the promised storm of the century, but it swept right
over the barrier islands, the thin tissue of land that separates the Atlantic
from the mainland. And McCall, one of perhaps six people who defied a mandatory
evacuation order to stay on the island Thursday morning, declines to join those
who would now belittle Floyd.

"It was a little different," said McCall, 59, who owns a nursery school as well
as several beach properties. "People say hurricanes sound like a freight train.
This one did, but it had another sound too: It made the wires whistle."

Gusts of up to 138 miles an hour did more than vibrate the overhead wires. Power
and phone lines lay strewn all around the island today, and despite Carolina
Power & Light Co.'s decision to import 7,000 linemen from 12 states, many areas
could expect to be without juice until the weekend. At least four people died in
North Carolina because of the storm, mostly from traffic accidents, state
officials said.

A few beach communities began late today to permit residents to return to check
their properties, but most said the evacuees would have to wait until at least
Saturday while crews sought to lift downed power lines and flush contaminated
water supplies.

McCall and his 83-year-old neighbor decided to ride out Floyd expressly so they
could get to work fixing up houses that have taken one big beating after another
in recent years. "My neighbor, he said he'd just as soon go this way as any
other, so he stayed," McCall said. "Me, I got work to do on the house."

But dealing with a flooded basement and a few lost shingles was about as bad as
it got on Wrightsville Beach, which took Floyd's most direct hit. One house lost
half its roof, the wood peeled back like a sardine can. Another lost a bunch of
windows. But that was it--except for widespread flooding that made roads
throughout North Carolina treacherous and often impassable. Gov. James B. Hunt
Jr. called it the worst flooding in state history.

The Tar River was recorded far above its 15-foot flood stage at the town of
Rocky Mount, officials said. "Literally, the entire town appears to be flooded,"
said Eric Tolbert, director of state Center for Emergency Management. "When
you're flying, as far as you can see, water."

Elsewhere in North Carolina, authorities said 700,000 people remained without
electricity by nightfall, down from 1 million in the morning. Telephone service
was cut off to entire counties in the southeastern portion of the state at times
during the day, and I-95 and I-40 remained impassable.

For Joseph Burney and his family, in Shallotte, N.C., just across the border
from Myrtle Beach, S.C., Floyd was about as bad as it could possibly have been.
Burney, wife Edna, son Reggie and grandson Damian abandoned their house and went
to a shelter when the water in the back yard rose four feet and started to lap
against the back door at 11 p.m. Wednesday.

Twelve hours later, Burney was sitting on a small tractor at the edge of an
acre-sized, Floyd-created lake watching Reggie and Michael McGriff, his
daughter's fiance, wading toward him from the house towing mattresses laden with
green plastic bags.

"The water was this high all through your house," McGriff told Burney, drawing
an imaginary line at the top of his thighs. "The computer looked like it made
it, but the sofa was floating around, your treadmill is underwater and there's
gas and oil floating on the water. You can smell it."

A few miles south, large swatches of Myrtle Beach were also underwater, but in
what was perhaps one of Floyd's crueler ironies, the oceanside amusement parks
and tourist hotels escaped virtually unscathed: "Didn't even break a glass,"
said Jason Devereaux, proprietor of the Pier 14 restaurant perched on stilts
extending 200 feet into the now placid Atlantic.

The effects of Floyd's winds were occasional along the coast of the Carolinas,
evident in a periodic broken telephone pole, a sheet metal facade peeled from
the front of a store or a street strewn with a green fuzz of shredded leaves.

The water damage, however, was pervasive. More than six inches of rain deluged
South Carolina and more than twice that drenched parts of North Carolina in a
little more than 24 hours. Highways along the coast were blocked with puddles
six feet deep. Abandoned cars lay on their sides in culverts.

The Wilmington area got one-third of its average annual rainfall in 24 hours, as
Floyd dumped 22 inches on the area. But despite wild winds, damage was spotty
and moderate.

Floyd pushed into the Carolinas Wednesday night, already diminished from its
Category 5 status. For more than eight hours, the storm was little more than a
lot of rain and a lot of wind.

The rain sizzled like a pan of bacon, the wind whooshed like a strong summer
breeze. And then, two hours into Thursday, as sudden as a blackout, Floyd's eye
wall made landfall. Even in the dark, the change was visible and dramatic: The
wind ratcheted up, from pleasant to painful, from calming to menacing.

But the wall--the most intense, tightest band of the storm before the
incomprehensible calm of the eye itself--announced itself most of all with an
otherworldly groan, a rumble that sounded more mechanical than natural, like a
supersized steam engine gone mad. Worse than its noise was its constancy. It
would not quit. It fought the wind and the rain for supremacy and it won
handily.

Trees bent and sometimes split. Rooftops, especially the flimsy metal ones on
gas stations, curled and flipped off. Parked cars shook like teenagers of yore
doing the Twist.

And then, the moan eased, the rain halted, and the wind slowly subsided. At
dawn, thick, low stratus clouds rolled across the skies so fast, they looked
like a TV newscast's time-lapse video of 24 hours of weather--in real time. Gray
and bulbous, the clouds looked low enough to ooze through most any house's
attic. Until they too stopped and the sky turned farina white.

It was over. By 10 a.m., the sun peeped through, liked the view and decided to
stay. As often happens following hurricanes, the day turned blissful--cloudless,
crisp, clear. Everywhere, crews lifted tree branches out of the way, homeowners
raked debris from their lawns and phone company workers labored to reconnect
customers. It was a mess, but not so bad that Wrightsville Beach supervisor
Billy Beasley couldn't take time to notice the steel gray of the bay water.

"You spend your whole life looking at this water, seeing certain colors
different times of the year," he said. "And then you see this murky dark color.
I never seen it before. It's something new in this world."


Staff writers Guy Gugliotta and Spencer Hsu contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              966 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                           April 19, 1995, Wednesday

Dear Mike Tyson; Mike Tyson is to make a pilgrimage to Mecca with Muhammad Ali.A
Muslim publisher and translator offers some words of advice to the convert

BYLINE: Abdal Hakim Murad

SECTION: FEATURES; Page  19

LENGTH: 474 words


So you're off to God's own House of Correction? Excellent: nothing like enduring
the austerities of the Mecca pilgrimage for inspiring penitence and stiffening
the moral fibres. By converting to Islam in your Indiana cell, you won a bout
with Old Nick - now you have a chance to earn that victory.

No doubt your travelling companion Muhammad Ali has told you why you are going.
The Hajj is about returning to the centre, focusing on unity, letting the
centripetal force of God win out for a few days over the dissipating trends of
the world. Caught up in its rites, milling with the millions around the Holy
Kaaba like moths around a candle, we forget the four points of the compass and
discover a liberating ability to connect with what lies beyond.

I hope this works for you. Like you, I was brought up in Christendom, and I
found my first Hajj so unfamiliar and astonishing that I prayed hardly at all.
Nowhere else, not even at Disney World, do so many people come together in one
place. Standing, praying, eating, talking with 2 million other men and women
from every race is a dazzling confirmation of one's own insignificance and of
the global fellowship that is Islam.

The Saudis have promised you red carpet treatment. Not because they belittle the
crime for which you were imprisoned - in fact, they routinely lop off people's
heads for it. But because they recognise that Islam celebrates forgiveness, a
virtue of which Mecca is the symbol. The Prophet was persecuted there by its
idolatrous citizenry, who tortured and killed many of his disciples; yet when he
returned as a conqueror 10 years on, he forgave those who had wronged him and
rejected revenge.

The journalists who hound you know nothing of this, of course. Mecca is, for
them, the Forbidden City, filled with weird Muslims and lamentably teetotal.
That symbolises something else: the interior wealth of Islam is unknown to them,
as is its capacity for melting and reforging the human soul. The only Muslims
they document are the mad fanatics who are worlds away from the piety of most
traditional believers.

Those who mock you for buying a house in Las Vegas and shopping at the mall in
Caesar's Palace do not believe in your repentance. With casual racism they
assume that devilment is in your heart, perhaps even inscribed upon your genes.
Only a matter of time, they smirk, before Iron Mike reverts to type.

But we believe in you, Mike. Malcolm X was slammed up for a whole string of
hideous crimes, yet he emerged, to the astonishment of hoods who knew him and
the bafflement of the press, as a moral paragon, a symbol of hope and
transformation for the West's ethnic underclass. Thirty years have passed, and
we need another such role model. Muslims, and especially black people, urge you
to succeed. Keep those hands up, Mike.


LOAD-DATE: April 19, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1995 Independent Print Ltd


                              967 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 28, 1991, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

RECORD BRIEF

BYLINE: By KAREN SCHOEMER

SECTION: Section 2; Page 27; Column 1; Arts & Leisure Desk

LENGTH: 215 words



The Kentucky Headhunters: 'Electric Barnyard'
Mercury 848054; cassette and CD.

"Iiiiyyyt's chitlin' time!" yowls the Kentucky Headhunters' lead singer, Ricky
Lee Phelps, at the start of "Electric Barnyard." Given their overalls, long
ropes of hair, twangy guitars and gritty blues riffs, the Kentucky Headhunters
could be the stereotypical Southern rock band. But even as they venerate
backwoods hicks, the Headhunters poke fun at them.

"Electric Barnyard," like the group's 1989 debut, "Pickin' on Nashville," is
plumb full of good-natured irony and devilish humor.

With its sweet-as-pie country harmonies, the Headhunters' version of Norman
Greenbaum's "Spirit in the Sky" playfully belittles early-70's psychedelia and,
implicitly, religious fundamentalism. "Diane," about the proverbial good woman
gone bad, sends up another aspect of Southern culture: "Sittin' in a honky tonk
redneck bar/ Watchin' some cat play the steel guitar."

The Headhunters' playing style is as raw and immediate as a roadhouse workout --
they slide easily between boogie, blues and rockabilly, making each as
pleasantly grimy as a roll in the hay. In the same way that the Replacements'
early records recast punk rock, the Headhunters take a tired genre and make it
come alive again.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Richard Young, left, and Ricky Phelps of the Headhunters (Beth
Gwinn/Retna)

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              968 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                              June 8, 2014 Sunday
                                TWO STAR EDITION

IN DEFENSE OF JEFFREY ROMOFF;
THE UPMC CEO SHOULD BE HERALDED FOR HELPING TO REINVENT PITTSBURGH, WRITES
DOCTOR

BYLINE: AMESH A. ADALJA

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 605 words


Almost daily, a headline, article, tweet or blog post attempts to publicly shame
Jeffrey Romoff, criticize his salary and belittle the health care empire that he
and Dr. Thomas Detre built. I may be in the minority, but I do not believe Mr.
Romoff deserves such a public shaming, as he has nothing to be ashamed about.

What Mr. Romoff, whom I have never met, has accomplished in the years of his
leadership at UPMC is the construction of a world-class health care system the
likes of which Pennsylvania - let alone Pittsburgh - has never known.

As someone who grew up in the Pittsburgh area, I personally witnessed the
transformation of health care in the region, which was due almost
single-handedly to the growth of UPMC.

In the health care industry, UPMC stands almost alone as capable of creating
value and profits that are reinvested in the system to allow it to soar to even
higher heights. Such ability not only provides unrivaled health care, it creates
jobs for tens of thousands of Pennsylvanians. For this achievement, UPMC should
be lauded; instead, it is condemned and targeted for looting by unions and
governments. Why this reaction?

It arises solely because people consider being profitable in the provision of
health care sacrilegious. As if transgressing biblical laws against usury, UPMC
broke the unwritten law of being successful in what has been considered
exclusively the province of altruism. If people are not sacrificing themselves
to provide health care, the conventional wisdom goes, they must be doing
something evil.

In fact, it is the exact opposite.

Health care is no different than any other industry. In fact, because of its
vital role, health care should be an industry in which success should be most
praiseworthy, given that financial viability is essential for continued
operations and the opportunity to purchase health care services. As such, for
UPMC to have billions in revenue and hundreds of millions in profits is
something that should celebrated, not derided.

Mr. Romoff's salary, set by UPMC's board, should not be an object of envy or an
indictment of his character. It should be viewed as a just reward for a job well
done, and it is dwarfed by the revenues earned with him at UPMC's helm. In fact,
since Mr. Romoff leads what then-city councilman and now- Mayor Bill Peduto
labeled the new steel mills of Pittsburgh, which feed the region's engine of
productivity, he should be viewed in the same spirit as Andrew Carnegie and
Henry Clay Frick who, not coincidently, have themselves unfortunately become
objects of scorn.

There is a story about Dr. Detre, the original architect of UPMC, that I think
is emblematic of how UPMC should be viewed. As he was being ridiculed for
leaving a prestigious academic medical center to come to Pittsburgh, he was
asked if planes even landed in Pittsburgh, which at the time, was in its
doldrums. Today, as Dr. Detre prophetically predicted, planes do indeed land
here - and they carry passengers from far and wide seeking care at one of the
best medical centers in the world (not to mention the scientists and physicians
who travel from around the globe to work at such a storied center).

Would people prefer that Mr. Romoff be an incompetent leader earning a smaller
salary, unable to uncover opportunities to provide profitable services? Or a
leader, such as he is, who earns profit by providing services that benefit
thousands of patients, physicians, nurses, allied health care workers and
scientists?

Thank you, Mr. Romoff, for instilling an ethos of excellence, innovation,
achievement and striving that I consider myself so lucky to be a part of.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Amesh A. Adalja, a native of Butler, is a physician board-certified in
infectious disease, critical care medicine, emergency medicine, and internal
medicine. He is a clinical assistant professor at UPMC.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Pam Panchak/Post-Gazette: UPMC president and CEO Jeffrey Romoff

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              969 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                           January 16, 2013 Wednesday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

GET TEACHERS' INPUTON NEW INITIATIVES

BYLINE: DAVID R. COLBURN, BRIAN DASSLE

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 686 words


The murder of 20 innocent schoolchildren and their six teachers in Newtown,
Conn., last month launched the latest national debate about guns, violence,
mental health, and the safety of students and teachers.

At front and center of this discussion is the role of our teachers and the
suggestion by some that we ought to arm them.

We currently ask teachers to educate, socialize and serve as substitute parents
for our children. Now we propose to have them police their schools and pack
weapons to protect the children.

Whether you agree or disagree with this proposal, our society has come to rely
on our teachers in extraordinary ways, even while many of us belittle them with
the refrain "those that can't teach."

The profession used to command respect from the entire community. But in recent
decades this once vaunted profession has lost political favor, and teachers are
no longer valued like they once were.

How illogical is this contradiction? Quite absurd from our point of view.

Every day we ask schoolteachers to meet the needs of children in so many
different ways that no educational or training program could adequately prepare
them for the job. And yet when something goes wrong, it is not the parents or
society that we blame. It is the teachers.

As the Florida Legislature begins committee meetings this month, there will
invariably be substantive discussions about a batch of new requirements that
should be placed on teachers. These legislative mandates originate in the
premise that we cannot trust our teachers to do the right thing.

We think it would be wise and appropriate if policymakers started from a
different place - one of trusting teachers. In our view, educational policy
proposals should result with substantive input from teachers and principals.

Policymakers should start with the assumption that every person in Florida's
classrooms is there with the intention of making a difference for the children.
They should also understand that when teachers get the support they need and
deserve - especially early in their career - they improve dramatically. And,
yes, a system of assessment must be place so that, when a teacher doesn't
improve after earnest attempts to do so, the teacher should be counseled into
another line of work.

Some promising models for teacher engagement in the political process have
existed in Florida. Former Gov. Jeb Bush added a teacher-in-residence in his
office, for example, as a way to ensure he heard from someone on the front
lines. Former Department of Education leaders established an ambassador teacher
position to facilitate communication with teachers.

A recent study by the New Teacher Project revealed that two actions would go a
long way to improve the retention of excellent teachers. These two proposals are
fairly straightforward: one would recognize the accomplishments of top-flight
teachers through salary increases and promotions; a second would be to remove
ineffective teachers. The best teachers want a rigorous evaluation process, they
want the removal of poor teachers, and they want a system that rewards the best
of them.

As policy leaders begin to debate how to apply the lessons from Newtown, we need
to pause and acknowledge the extraordinary burdens we place on teachers. And we
need to value their contribution in the same way we do our first responders.

In the numerous incidents of school violence around this nation, one or more
teachers stepped forward to protect the children and were often slain in the
process. These examples of their love and devotion to our children cannot be
cobbled into public policy. But we can begin to say to our teachers, thank you
for all you do for our children, and we are grateful for your contribution to
this nation.

David R. Colburn is the interim director of the Bob Graham Center for Public
Service at the University of Florida. He can be reached at drcolh@gmail.com
Brian Dassler is chief academic officer, New Orleans Center for Creative Arts, a
public school serving students from across Louisiana. He can be reached at
brian.dassler@gmail.com They wrote this exclusively for the Tampa Bay Times.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2013 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              970 of 996 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                           September 27, 2011 Tuesday

Do Those On Left Read What They Write?

BYLINE: Letters

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 179  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


TO THE INTELL EDITORS:

Random Thoughts:

In the Sept. 7 paper there was a political cartoon by Danziger obviously
designed to belittle Dick Cheney. It showed a large caricature of Colin Powell
listing all of his medals and military awards with a small caricature of Dick
Cheney listing "five deferments."

I couldn't help but wonder if there was a similar cartoon when John McCain was
running against Barack Obama. Hmmmm. My comment is in no way meant to diminish
the greatly appreciated dedication and service of either McCain or Powell - just
wondering.

Interestingly, directly under this cartoon was a Clarence Page column that
wondered whether politicians actually write the books they release. He
questioned whether Rick Perry even bothered to read his book.

The words from Nancy Pelosi beseeching all of Congress to pass the healthcare
bill and then we will find out what is in it, begged the question as to whether
Congress actually writes or reads their bills. The often repeated words, "Pass
this bill right now!" has the same ring to it.

M. Elizabeth Kelly

Manheim Township

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              971 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           October 25, 2007 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

Don't retaliate if relationship takes bad turn

SECTION: TV PAGE; Amy Dickinson `Ask Amy' ; Pg. C08

LENGTH: 406 words


Dear Amy: I met an online acquaintance several months ago. After eventually
meeting, I soon realized that I didn't love her the way I thought I did. During
our relationship, she would want to talk on the phone upward of six times a day
because of her history of seeing guys who betrayed her trust.

It eventually started to be a chore talking to her. After about two months, I
got out of the relationship.

Now she belittles me in her blog among our mutual friends and continually chats
online with my friends, spinning the truth about what happened. She has harassed
me with expletive-filled phone messages and has turned my friends against me. I
haven't said anything bad about her on my blog.

Should I return fire and explain to my friends what really happened, or should I
continue to do nothing and keep a golden disposition? What should I do? - Living
My Life

Dear Living: Don't be tempted to retaliate online - this could be the kind of
attention she thrives on. Your ex's harassment of you might be actionable in
court. I'm not suggesting that you take her to court, but you should save
recordings of messages and blog entries just in case.

The mark of a true friend is one who will believe the best about you, despite
whatever unsubstantiated malicious rumors are floating in the ether. To your
friends, you should say (not post on your blog): "This person's feelings got
hurt, and she seems to have gone off the deep end. I hope it's temporary and she
can move on. Every single thing she says is untrue."

Dear Amy: My husband has cheated on me repeatedly, and it breaks my heart.

He says that he loves me, and I love him too, but every time he does something
to hurt me, I lose all respect for him.

My only reason for not leaving him is that I am financially unable to. What do
you think I need to do? - Very Hurt

Dear Hurt: This is abusive behavior, and if you are convinced that the marriage
is over, then you should leave. You don't say why you aren't able to support
yourself, but I want to urge you to be creative. Perhaps you have a friend or
family member whom you could stay with until you get on your feet

Your local department of family and children's services can refer you to a
counselor who will help you sort out some of these issues, and connect you with
community services that could offer some financial assistance.

E-mail askamy@tribune.com or write to Ask Amy, Chicago Tribune, TT500, 435 N.
Michigan Ave., Chicago, IL 60611.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              972 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                              May 28, 2006 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Group Promotes Patriotism, Not Policy

SECTION: COMMENTARY; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 516 words


Not Enough Awards

Just as God made little green apples, I was sure someone would find a reason to
belittle Julie Whitney and the Bayshore Patriots for receiving the Presidents'
Volunteer Service Award, but I did not expect it to come from a disabled Vietnam
veteran ("Undeserved Award," Letters, May 16).

I had the honor of being married to two Vietnam veterans (one at a time) and I
am fully aware of the good that is being done at both the James A. Haley
Veterans Medical Center in Tampa and the VA Hospital in St. Petersburg. Our
veterans depend upon these facilities and the many professionals and volunteers
who serve there.

There are not enough awards, honors, commemorations, ceremonies or opportunities
to single out all the various volunteer groups or individuals who deserve such
attention. But, having been a volunteer, I can tell you that all volunteers will
say that they are not deserving of any honors, that they are there because they
feel the need to serve, regardless of the capacity or the potential for
recognition.

Janice Carney has the opportunity, as do we all, to nominate people or groups
for the various awards that are bestowed by our president. Rather than negate
the efforts of others, Carney should put pen to paper with her choice of the
next person so honored.

JUDITH BATSON

Tampa


More Than Flag-Waving

The writer of "Undeserved Award" stated that Julie Whitney didn't deserve the
President's Volunteer Service Award by virtue of her "standing on a corner
waving a flag in support of the invasion of Iraq." I thought the writer should
have all of the facts.

The Bayshore Patriots, an organization which Whitney co-founded, doesn't wave
flags to support the invasion of Iraq. They wave flags in support of people who
support and defend the United States. They sponsor the Coalition Thanksgiving,
are deeply involved in patriotic education for schools and support the community
in other arenas.

I am sorry the letter writer wasn't impressed by the flag-waving. I am a colonel
in the U.S. Marine Corps and am moved every time I pass the corner. Those
flag-wavers could certainly be doing things other than showing appreciation to
us.

TONY LAND

Tampa


Appreciates The Support

I agree with Julie Whitney and Janice J. Carney: Whitney did not deserve the
President's Volunteer Service Award. It should have gone to a real volunteer.

But the one thing I disagree with Carney on is the flag-waving. It has nothing
to do with President Bush or the war in Iraq. I do it to show support for our
troops and the love I have for the flag of our country.

My son, Brad, is a U.S. Marine, three times deployed, twice to Iraq. My friends
on Bayshore have been my strength and support at my lowest moments. We have
laughed and cried together. We have lost one son and another son was injured.

So please do not cast judgment on us. We will never let our sons be treated like
the Vietnam veterans were - my brother is one. I stand with my friends for our
troops.

PATRICIA PRICKETT

Land O' Lakes

Copyright © 2006, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: LETTERS

GRAPHIC: .

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2006 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              973 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     September 28, 2003 Sunday Home Edition

LETTERS

BYLINE: STAN HUNT, ED ROBINSON, LENDON GILPIN, PHIL RUSHING, JAMES RUST, THELMA
HEYWOOD, IVORY DORSEY, MARILYN WYLIE, SUSAN COLLINS, LYNN CHOQUETTE, DAVID
ELMORE, DINO VLACHOS, RICK BOGLE, PAT FAGAN, JIMMY BRANDON, MARY SIDNEY KELLY

SOURCE: For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 7Q

LENGTH: 2263 words


Wesley Clark: Responses to Cynthia Tucker's column "Clark's entry frightens
GOP," @issue, Sept. 21

Wrong person to belittle Bush

Cynthia Tucker describing George W. Bush's accomplishments as "thin" is like Idi
Amin giving Mahatma Gandhi a lecture on human rights.

Undergrad from Auburn vs. undergrad from Yale. No graduate degree vs. an MBA
from Harvard. No military service vs. an F-102 pilot in the Texas Air National
Guard. No political experience vs. governor of Texas. Baneful racial fomenting
vs. record-setting minority appointments in terms of numbers and rank, along
with $16 billion to combat AIDS in Africa.

Bush has made and will make mistakes as president, but there are few among us
who should dare call his accomplishments "thin."

STAN HUNT, Decatur

Nothing stops attacks on Bush

Cynthia Tucker's ad-nauseam attacks on President Bush do nothing to enhance her
or The Atlanta Journal-Constitution's reputation.

They serve only to point out that she will say anything to ridicule him, true or
not, fact-supported or not, out of context (often) or pure opinion (usually).

ED ROBINSON, Smyrna

Slings, arrows sure to come his way

All I (as an old Navy guy) can say about Gen. Wesley Clark is that he'd better
secure for sea and stand by for heavy weather because it's already started.
Opponents will accuse Clark of fathering illegitimate Vietnamese children, of
torturing women, cutting people's throats. They'll trot out every enemy he ever
made in his 34 years in the Army to make every kind of accusation imaginable.

There is no lack of right-wingers in the military to do their bidding. I just
hope that the American people recognize it (this time) for what it is and reject
it.

LENDON GILPIN, New Braunfels, Texas

Guard, Reserves serve honorably

Cynthia Tucker made the statement "Bush, who neglected his duty when he was in
the National Guard."

I consider the statement an insult to those, including myself, who served in the
National Guard or Reserves during the Vietnam era because it directly implies
that we so served in order to avoid being sent to war.

I chose to serve in the National Guard because it allowed me to complete my
military obligation and simultaneously begin my professional career after
college. The unit I joined was undermanned and was actively recruiting anyone
who chose to enlist. During my six years of service, all National Guard and
Reserve units were subject to being called into full-time service, and many
were.

All the men and women who honorably served their country as members of the
National Guard and Reserve during that time deserve a complete apology from
Tucker for her inappropriate statement. By the way, Cynthia, how many years of
service did you give to our country?

PHIL RUSHING, Dunwoody

High taxes drive up unemployment rate

On several occasions The Atlanta Journal-Constitution editorial page has
referred to President Bush presiding over the loss of 2.5 million jobs, the most
since President Hoover in 1932. The most recent reference was in Cynthia
Tucker's Sept. 21 column.

These numbers need to be compared with circumstances at the time. In 1932, the
U. S. population was 125 million, few women worked outside the home, and the
work force was about 50 million. In 2003, the U. S. population is 285 million
and the work force is 150 million.

If high taxes hadn't required homemakers to hold jobs, we wouldn't have any
unemployment.

JAMES RUST, Atlanta

Sonny Perdue and race: Responses to "Perdue's Journey in Black and White," Page
One, Sept. 21

Childhood friend deserves better

"Can a child of the segregated South lead a discussion on race in 21st-century
Georgia?" My answer is a qualified absolutely --- if that child becomes a
student who loves education.

Absolutely, if that student is hungry enough to seek a part of education he or
she has been denied and if that student makes the effort to read enough to learn
the missing history that was left out of texts of his or her time.

But, with all due respect, there is one big, glaring statement in that article
that would lead me to doubt the intent of our governor to convince us that he is
not racist.

All right, he was foster parent to both black and white babies --- when he was
old enough to know that he might be looking at a political career. But the
article indicates that the grave of his childhood friend, who even might have
saved Perdue's life and certainly did save his home, remains unmarked.  When I
married years ago, there were unmarked graves of babies in my husband's family.
Upon learning about that, I started saving (even during those lean years), and I
still am thankful that I was able to provide markers for those graves.

If our governor was that touched by the death of his childhood friend, why does
that grave remain unmarked?

THELMA HEYWOOD, Lawrenceville

Let governor lead the way to healing

"Can a child of the segregated South lead a discussion on race in 21st-century
Georgia?" As a black woman, a Roy Barnes Democrat who is the same age as Gov.
Sonny Perdue, my answer is unequivocally yes.

Perdue's background and experience with race is almost identical to mine and
many other African-Americans. If he can't do it, no one can. Where is it written
that only those of who experienced the brunt of discrimination are qualified to
facilitate reconciliation? Besides, we have tried that for almost 40 years to no
avail.

It's time we stop being held hostage by our past and embrace our future. We need
to let this man lead the way to racial healing in Georgia.

IVORY DORSEY, Mableton

A small step that's long overdue

If Gov. Sonny Perdue truly wants to be a healer for racial issues in Georgia, he
has missed a golden opportunity with his best black childhood friend, Hollis
Watts.

I read with sadness and shed a tear to learn that after 49 years, Perdue's best
black childhood friend's grave still goes unmarked. Is this any way to treat a
friend who by his own admission saved his life and possibly his home?

This could be the smallest giant step Perdue will ever take. His friend's grave
deserves a marker.

MARILYN WYLIE, Mableton

Teacher bonuses: Responses to "Teacher bonuses strain budget," Page One, Sept.
21

Don't throw water on certification

Compensation for National Board Certification is not an incentive plan but an
increase for attaining a higher level of qualifications. It brings a higher
level of professionalism that can be compared to achieving an advanced degree
--- with some major differences.

One difference is that National Board Certification is performance-based, with
evidence derived from actual classroom teaching and analyzing student work. It
also requires involvement in professional learning communities that include
peers and parents.

With the growing teacher shortage, it is vital that the spirit of National Board
Certification be kept intact and allow its momentum to flourish. The task for
our state's leaders is to find ways to use our expertise --- not find ways to
diminish the accomplishment.

SUSAN COLLINS, Flowery Branch

Excellence often goes unrecognized

It seems that local politicians, parents and even journalists love to blame
teachers for low student achievement test scores, insisting that teachers need
to become more "accountable" for what they are teaching.

Talk about not being accountable. Isn't it our legislators' job to know and
understand what laws and policies they are voting for before they vote for them?

They underestimated how many accomplished and talented teachers Georgia has. Now
they do not want to pay those teachers (or future teachers) who have proved that
they are not only accountable, but also have gained national recognition for
their excellent teaching methods.

Perhaps the policy-makers in Georgia need only to look in the mirror to find out
why we still rank 50th in the country for poor test scores.

LYNN CHOQUETTE, Woodstock

The nature/nurture debate: Responses to "Animal research points to blend,"
@issue, Sep. 21

Humans have ability to overcome

The story "Nature/Nurture" (@issue, Sept. 21) states what humans (except for
"scientists" and "behavioralists") have known since time immemorial: animals are
affected by both deterministic nature and environmental occurrences. Watch any
dog/cat/monkey/ after it suffers a trauma or consistent bad/good treatment.
Those animals exhibit permanent changes in their personality.

What sets humans apart is our volition: our ability (choice) to "override" our
environment, our traumas, our treatments with thorough analysis and reworking of
our past, our emotions, our thinking, our judgment. Our environmental
experiences become ingrained (like in lower animals) only when we abdicate our
choice to change our psychology.

Our brain size, our neural hookups, our physicality and some nuances of
individuality are of course determined by nature. But each of us with a full
faculty of reasoning has the full and complete ability to be a self-made
man/woman.

DAVID ELMORE, Marietta

Pain animals endure clearly established

The research described in the article is a clear and compelling example of why
the animal rights movement will have to take up violence as a tool to end
cruelty.

Paul Plotsky correctly points out the similarities between abused human children
and abused monkey children. Studies such as his have been endlessly recurring
since at least 1934. We've known for a very long time that children who are
reared without proper nurturing go on to be parents who do not provide adequate
nurturing to their own children. This has been shown repeatedly in humans and
monkeys.

If the mental experiences of monkeys and rats are so much like our own that we
can predict harm to our own psyches after seeing emotional duress in the animals
we use, then we must acknowledge that the pain suffered by each is of a like
kind.

This means the abused baby monkeys that Plotsky finds so interesting are
suffering in ways indistinguishable from the suffering of children reared in
similar circumstances.

RICK BOGLE, Goleta, Calif.

Research breaks no new ground

Paul Plotsky, like so many other animal researchers, annually wastes millions of
dollars of taxpayers' money to tell us what we already know. In this case it is
that behavior is influenced by one's genetics and one's environment.

Plotsky offers no new insight into human behavior that was learned by observing
animal behavior. In fact the most important conclusions he offered came from his
observations of the mother and her child.

So what does he do? He goes back to observing animals to learn about human
behavior. This is akin to learning to work on a car by studying the mechanics of
a go-kart.

Animal research is invalid, unethical and unnecessary.

DINO VLACHOS, Chamblee

Iraq rationale a house of cards

Just in case some AJC readers missed Jay Bookman's column ("Scholar's fallacy
fed push for war," @issue, Sept. 21), I suggest they go find it and read it. He
tries to figure out why 70 percent of the American people would get the
(incorrect) idea that Saddam Hussein had anything to do with Sept. 11.

Certainly not from President Bush, who just last week said, "We have no evidence
that Saddam had anything to do with Sept. 11." National Security Adviser
Condoleezza Rice and Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld had earlier made similar
statements.

I may have missed something, but I could swear that they have all been telling
us there was a direct link between al-Qaida and Saddam, and since we know
al-Qaida was responsible for Sept. 11, obviously Saddam was guilty as well.

So Saddam had nothing to do with Sept. 11, he had no weapons of mass destruction
(no clear and present danger to the American people), he had no air force, no
real military hardware to speak of, a decaying infrastructure, including the oil
fields; so again, why did we pre-emptively attack Iraq?

PAT FAGAN, Woodstock

Attorneys' closing fees vary widely

The article on real estate closings by lawyers ("Bar battles to keep real estate
role," Sept. 21) implies a ruling against the Georgia Bar could potentially save
consumers only $225 to $250 on a typical closing. However, the impact could be
far more significant outside metro Atlanta.

Upon our 1997 move to southwest Georgia from Alabama, the attorney charged
$1,200 for a real estate closing (the fee was 1 percent of the mortgage). This
was quite a shock considering 10 months earlier we paid $400 for a similar
closing in Birmingham.

We are selling our southwest Georgia house, and the good-faith estimate by the
listing real estate agent is $900 for attorney fees. I concede that my anecdotal
evidence may not be statistically representative, but at least within certain
areas of the state, the savings could easily be $1,000.

JIMMY BRANDON, Cumming

Take sufficient time in death row cases

The article " New evidence idled in death row appeal" (News, Sept. 21) was a sad
commentary on our justice system. A man may be put to death without a court
hearing evidence of his innocence because of the government's need for
expediency.

It's even sadder than the fact that a lack of money kept Tony Davis' lawyers
from meeting the arbitrary deadline set for presenting the new evidence in his
case. I can think of nothing less "frivolous" than appealing a death sentence.
The government out to be more concerned with the blood on its hands than its
need for speed.

MARY SIDNEY KELLY, Atlanta

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letters

                Copyright 2003 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              974 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                     March 23, 2002 Saturday Final Edition

Raptors beat Cavaliers; Toronto balances offence with defence

SOURCE: The Hamilton Spectator

BYLINE: Doug Smith, Torstar News Service Cleveland

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E02

LENGTH: 514 words


Need a win? Lose an all-star.

Not to belittle the meaning of Vince Carter to the Toronto Raptors or anything,
but the team rallied with one of its better efforts last night after finding out
the all-star guard would be lost for the season with impending arthroscopic
surgery.

With the Cleveland Cavaliers willing participants in bringing about a Raptors
renaissance, Toronto rolled to a ridiculously easy 94-80 victory at the Gund
Arena before a crowd graciously announced at 15,847.

A well-balanced offence and a defence that limited Cleveland to less than 40 per
cent shooting gave Toronto its second win in the last 19 games and easiest
victory since a Super Bowl Sunday win over Orlando.

With a new starting lineup that included Dell Curry for Carter, Morris Peterson
for Jerome Williams and Eric Montross for Keon Clark, the Raptors got off to a
hot start and, for once, didn't let a weakened opponent back in the game.

Peterson, in particular, seemed more in the flow of the game than he had been in
a while, with a team-leading 18 points, while Antonio Davis had eight of his 14
in the second quarter when Toronto pulled away.

Perhaps sensing they needed a little bit of extra effort to make up for the loss
of Carter's 24 points a game, the Raptors had five players in double figures
with Clark and Jerome Williams playing key roles off the bench.

Clark had 12 points on 6-of-13 shooting and he grabbed 10 rebounds while Jerome
Williams had 14 points. Alvin Williams found his jump shot for one night at
least and finished with 13 points.

If there is any flicker to playoff hopes for the Raptors, they were kept on life
support by last night's win. Now 31-38 on the season, they are four games out of
the eighth and final playoff spot with 13 to go in the regular season.

The Raptors took command early, building a lead as big as 21 points in the first
half, when they held the woeful Cavs to only 30 per cent shooting from the
field.

Cleveland managed only 11 points in the first quarter, the lowest of any quarter
this season for a Raptors opponent, and Toronto took a 47-32 lead into the
locker room at the break.

The 32 points ties a season low first half for a Raptors opponent, first set by
Chicago in early January.

While fans could see Carter hobbling during games, his teammates also saw him
try to practise and were not surprised by the decision.

"He deserves a lot of credit for just coming back and playing in the games he
played in," said Chris Childs, who was injured himself last night.

Childs was diagnosed with a pelvic contusion after crashing into the stands in
the first half and he didn't return to the game.

X-rays were negative, but Childs' status for tomorrow's game with Washington is
still to be determined.

It was Childs, in fact, who Carter went to for some advice before deciding to
sit out the rest of the season and have the operation.

"I was so frustrated, I pulled Chris aside and just talked to him," Carter said.

"He thought it was a good idea for me to sit out because of what he was seeing."

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 2002 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              975 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             June 14, 1992, Sunday

The Druid Hills Presbyterian battle Campaign grows to remove the homeless

BYLINE: PRISCILLA BRANCH, Atlanta

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section G; Page 6

LENGTH: 232 words


As one of those involved in the protest at Druid Hills Presbyterian Church, I am
responding to the June 10 editorial that belittles our efforts.

The editorial calls this an "intramural" squabble between Presbyterian family
members. If that is all that it is, I am intrigued that it made the editorial
page, for there are church squabbles every day in this city.

The protest touches larger issues. The newspaper is correct in saying that Druid
Hills Presbyterian is not the enemy - she is rather a sister who has made an
error. It is simply unbelievable that a church could close its property to a
class of people, regardless of their individual characters.

The problem at Druid Hills and at other places in metro Atlanta is the drive to
get rid of poor people, especially the African-American poor.

As Atlanta prepares for the Olympics, the poor must go. Techwood Homes is as
good as gone. Atlanta and other municipalities will continue this drive.

The "anti-loitering" ordinance, as the editorial calls it, has nothing to do
with loitering. It has to do with the presence of homeless people, especially
African-American homeless. Their presence is an unpleasant blemish on the image
of Atlanta as nice, clean and just.

Though the editorial demeans our efforts, we believe that our protest at Druid
Hills has raised the issue of the drive to get homeless people out of our sight.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              976 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                           October 16, 2010 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

The Social Network

BYLINE: Kevin Maher

SECTION: PLAYLIST;FEATURES; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 314 words


David Fincher, 12A (120min) *****

The most uninspiring premise - a movie about Facebook - delivers the most
unlikely masterpiece in The Social Network. A cast of whipsmart screen tyros, a
dizzying dialogue-driven screenplay (from The West Wing's Aaron Sorkin) and the
most accomplished work to date from the director David Fincher (Fight Club)
collide to produce a movie that is dazzlingly entertaining - and profoundly
relevant.

Thus, deftly leavening pace with character, the first scene introduces the
Harvard anti-hero Mark Zuckerberg (Jesse Eisenberg) as he brilliantly belittles,
and is then duly dumped by, his Boston University girlfriend Erica (Rooney
Mara). This minor, but nonetheless significant, slight inspires Zuckerberg to
create a misogynistic campus website called "Facemash", a crude precursor of
"The Facebook" that becomes the internationally recognised "Facebook", and
eventually induces the two monumental lawsuits that structure the movie (think
flashback, flashforward, and the rest!).

In all this, Fincher and Sorkin take handsome liberties, especially in their
creation of Zuckerberg, whose self-possession and rapid-fire savvy is a world
away from the stuttering CEO of real-life interviews. Nor, however, is this a
hatchet job. Instead, what remains is an overwhelming sense of compassion for
Zuckerberg and, indeed, for an entire generation (Justin Timberlake and Andrew
Garfield provide sparkling support here) at the front of an invention that put
distance into friendship in the name of the same.

"I was your only friend," shouts Garfield's Eduardo to Zuckerberg in one of the
film's showdowns. It's a line that resonates as each new "Facebook friend"
plonks on to Zuckerberg's large and lonely screen. Kevin Maher (Cineworld;
Everyman; Odeon; Picturehouse; Vue; Empire; Showcase)

You'll like this film if you liked Shattered Glass (2003) and Election (1999)

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2010 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              977 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 7, 1993, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

The Dance of the Cranes

SECTION: Section A; Page 22; Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 494 words


Americans have learned to know two Bob Doles. One is the churlish partisan who
can belittle as a "Democrat war" the struggle against Hitler in which his own
right arm was shattered. Far more attractive is the other Bob Dole: the engaging
Kansas Republican with an acerbic distaste for political cant.

Alas, it is Senator Churl who summoned a filibuster to delay or derail the
Administration's economic stimulus legislation. President Clinton agreed
yesterday to hear out legitimate objections -- but he was right to needle Senate
Republicans, "who all have jobs," for blocking a job-creating program.

Because Democrats fell short of the 60 votes needed to end debate, the Senate
can't act on the $16 billion package until it returns from spring recess on
April 19 -- and probably can't act even then without caving in to Republican
demands to shrink the already small package.

Mr. Dole as Senate minority leader thus denies a new Administration the chance
it deserves to speed recovery and create jobs. Yet it is primarily politics, not
principle, that drives this dance of the cranes, in which Republicans are
preening for political advantage.

Senator Dole complains of inadequate consultation on a package larded with too
much pork.  There's something to this; the White House may well have mishandled
legitimate questions about the relevance of $1.9 billion to make up shortfalls
in college student aid programs and of a film on early Louisiana culture. But
when asked what kind of compromise he seeks, Mr. Dole was frank: "Big one."

If anything, the stimulus package is too modest, given the weakness of the
recovery. Yet Mr. Dole wants to scale down the package and, even worse, offset
much of it by making cuts elsewhere, virtually guaranteeing that it will produce
very little stimulus at all. He seems to be asking a Democratic President and a
Democratic Congress to scupper the very program they were elected to carry out
-- or else risk gridlock. It is the rightful role of the minority to oppose and
criticize, but not to paralyze.

Senate rules permit unlimited debate, and on great occasions, dissenting
lawmakers have resorted to filibusters, for good and bad causes. But to mount a
filibuster so soon comes with particular ill grace from a defeated party in the
early days of a new Administration. The American system, if it is to work,
requires balance as well as checks; the majority has its rights as well as the
minority.

In the hard reckoning that Senator Dole well understands, obstructionism for its
own sake is often bad politics. For the most visible Republican in Washington to
play a spoiler role can hurt his own cause even more than Mr. Clinton's. If the
President's program is not given a reasonable chance to succeed, how can he be
blamed for its failure?

Let's hope the other Senator Dole, refreshed by the recess, responds in better
spirits to the President's offer to reach a productive compromise.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              978 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 12, 1992, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Watch for Optimistic Speech and G.O.P. Surge;
Write Them In

SECTION: Section A; Page 22; Column 6; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 153 words


To the Editor:

One of the devices used by politicians to assure that the party candidate will
win is to belittle the power of the legally valid write-in vote. We hear voters
decrying the desirability of all the registered candidates for office, and then
saying, "I guess: I have to vote for So-and-So; he's the least terrible."

A large write-in vote has, at least, the advantage of letting the politicians
know that we are aware of the inferior quality of the candidates available on
the ballot. If we refuse to endorse unsatisfactory people, but insist on casting
our ballot for a worthy candidate, eventually we'll get one. We must vote as we
wish all other voters would.

Otherwise, we will be fulfilling the prediction of Ogden Nash, who said:
And then, when someone terrible gets elected,

They say, "There! that's just what I expected."

RENA G. KUNIS
Bellerose, Queens, Feb. 27, 1992

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              979 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                              May 1, 2010 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

America the violent; Terrorism runs deep in U.S. history, especially in the late
19th century

BYLINE: Steven High, Special to the Sun

SECTION: WEEKEND REVIEW; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 1184  words


In the Name of God and Country

Reconsidering Terrorism in American History

By Michael Fellman

Yale University Press, 272 pages ($32.95)

---

Terrorism did not begin on 9/11. Nor was it America's first encounter with a
terrorist act.

In his provocative and thoroughly researched book, In the Name of God and
Country: Reconsidering Terrorism in American History, emeritus Simon Fraser
University historian Michael Fellman finds that extreme political violence, or
terrorism, has "never lain far beneath the surface of American life."

From the beginning, European colonization of the New World and the colonists'
reliance on African slave labour meant that violence has played a central part
in the development of the modern United States. The "Indian Wars" were
characterized by savage warfare, ethnic cleansing and what would today be
characterized as atrocity crime. Horrific acts became normal practice in this
race war.

How else can we explain massacres like the one that unfolded at Sand Creek,
Colo., in 1864 that saw 28 Cheyenne men and 105 Cheyenne women and children
slaughtered? Killing them, however, was insufficient: The Colorado militia then
mutilated the corpses, taking fingers, ears and other body parts as macabre
trophies.

Fellman is a good deal more graphic than I can be in this review. Suffice it to
say that U.S. history is drenched in blood.

Fellman tells us that definitions of terrorism invariably depend on who is
making them. Terrorists are usually cast as "heinous outsiders attacking
innocent civilians."

He rejects simplistic distinctions between non-state and state terrorism,
focusing instead on the violence and the political intention behind it. In fact,
he argues that terrorism provokes terrorism in a "cyclical and reciprocal
manner."

He therefore defines terrorism as violence or the threat of violence for
political ends, even if the cause is just. Terrorists belittle and humiliate
their foes, treating them as subhuman. They often rely on self-righteousness and
moral absolutism as justification for their bloody actions.

Sometimes it is simply vengeance.

In the Name of God and Country is as disillusioned and realist a history as one
is likely to encounter. As another historian recently wrote, Fellman is "willing
to go where our popular memory is not."

He builds his argument on five well-chosen examples of vengeful violence that
erupted between 1850 and 1910. Rather than starting with the terrorism employed
by Southern slaveholders, as I would have expected, he begins his journey with
abolitionist John Brown, who was tried and executed after his famous raid on
Harpers Ferry (Virginia) in 1859.

Brown is shown to be a religious zealot who took innocent lives. Nonetheless,
the trial made him a martyr for those who believe that the end (the abolition of
slavery) justifies the means.

It is, therefore, a somewhat risky move to present Brown as a terrorist,
calculated to bolster Fellman's authority with the reader. This is an effective
strategy, as subsequent chapters take direct aim at America itself.

Making the case that war crimes are a form of terrorism, he opens the next
chapter on the Civil War with (Northern) General William Tecumseh Sherman's
celebrated march to the sea, which cut the pro-slavery Confederacy in two.
Sherman's scorched-earth policy, including the destruction of Atlanta, is
presented as both an act of vengeance and an attempt to destroy the South's will
to fight.

Was this an act of terrorism? Fellman seems to think so.

The third case study examines the post-Civil War destruction of biracial
Reconstruction governments in the U.S. South by white terrorists. Through
horrific violence, the Ku Klux Klan and lynch mobs murdered elected officials
and stopped blacks from voting. This was a large-scale campaign that implicated
a large part of the white population of the South.

By 1877, white supremacists had forcibly returned to power across the region.
Fellman compares these white "redeemers" to the Bosnian Serbian paramilitary
campaigns of the 1990s. The key difference, of course, is that the Southern
racists largely succeeded in their efforts.

One has only to watch D.W. Griffiths' wildly popular 1915 film, Birth of a
Nation, to see how completely they rewrote history. It was only in the 1960s and
'70s that this despicable chapter of American history was shown for what it
really was.

The last two chapters of the book look at the use of judicial violence to
suppress working-class movements and America's first imperial war in the
Philippines, a prize of the Spanish-American War of 1898.

The last chapter presents us with the opportunity to see deep patterns of
criminal behaviour in America's foreign wars. The United States waged relentless
war against Filipino nationalists who had been their erstwhile allies until the
Spanish were vanquished and the U.S. decided to make the Philippines a colony.

Fellman reveals a dirty war marked by the large-scale killing of prisoners,
torture, mutilation, the destruction of towns and villages and the forced
relocation of inhabitants into unsanitary concentration camps where tens of
thousands died of disease. Even the most conservative estimates indicate that
770,000 people died in this nation of seven to 10 million people.

Like other historians, Fellman shows a direct link between the war crimes
committed by the U.S. army in the Philippines and those committed against Native
Americans a decade or two earlier. Most of the U.S. officer corps were old
"Indian Fighters" whose patterned response to guerrilla warfare was total war.
U.S. soldiers found it difficult, or perhaps unnecessary, to distinguish
combatants from civilians, killing freely.

The "genocidal desires" of the U.S. army were made clear in letters home,
reports from the field and in the Washington hearings that followed. It was a
race war fought in the name of justice and freedom. But like so many of the
examples Fellman draws on, news of the atrocities committed was suppressed and
then largely forgotten once the United States emerged victorious.

It makes for depressing reading.

In exploring these five cases of terrorism in late-19th-century America, Michael
Fellman provides us with a series of templates for understanding 9/11 and the
clandestine prisons and waterboarding that followed. This connection is made
explicit throughout the book, which can be read as a post-9/11 reflection on the
roots of political violence in U.S. history.

State terrorism is usually associated with rogue states, dictatorships or
totalitarian regimes -not democracies. But "what if one comes closer to home?"
Fellman asks.

The book is his answer to this question. If political violence is at the core of
U.S. history, as he suggests, what of Canada? Could a book like In the Name of
God and Country be written about the Canadian experience? Is terrorism at the
core of our history, as well? What case studies would we include?

In the Name of God and Country is essential reading for anyone interested in the
roots of terrorist violence.

Steven High holds the Canada Research Chair in public history at Concordia
University in Montreal.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo:
Colour Photo: John Brown, who took innocent lives while trying to abolish
slavery, as shown in Tragic Prelude, a mural by John Steuart Curry in the Kansas
state capitol.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              980 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                              May 3, 2012 Thursday

LENGTH: 631 words


HOSTILE ADMINISTRATION

I commend retired Lutheran pastor the Rev. Nockert R. Woodtke for "standing with
the Roman Catholic Church" against the assault by President Obama's regime upon
Catholic beliefs. Certainly, the devil himself couldn't have devised a more
clever deception than to twist bigoted disdain for American's religious and
moral convictions into a woman's health issue.

The fact that African-Americans are the primary victims of abortion and abortive
drugs known to cause cancer and liver damage reveals the regime's mandate - that
all religious institutions be included on the list of those providing anti-life
measures - is but a totalitarian scheme to expand U.S. Supreme Court and
government-sanctioned racism and genocide.

Obviously, the revolutionary-in-chief is accomplishing that which he was trained
to do as a community organizer under the social justice banner of human
development for the poor. He's progressing with his promise to remake America in
his image by crafting class and race warfare. Indeed, he has pitted poor against
rich, blacks against whites, nations against America and, presently, women
against women and Catholics against Catholics.

When an American president claiming to be Christian belittles middle-Americans
as those who cling to their bigotries, Bibles and guns, it gives one cause to
consider the number of citizens yet to fall under the axe he is grinding.

Thus, it's high time a hostile president and his minions who insult and wage war
upon Americans be replaced with mature, stable and dignified pro-American
patriots to unite, rather than divide and annihilate, citizens of this nation.

JEANENE A. GILL,TOPEKA

HOPE AND PRAY

To know that we have juvenile gangs patrolling our neighborhoods in search of
their next "lick to hit" is scary beyond belief. We can only hope our law
enforcement departments are on top of this, but it seems doubtful. Let's hope
and pray for better protection.

ANN BENTEMAN,TOPEKA

CIGARETTE LITTER

When do you see the tobacco industry and the tobacco-free groups agreeing on
something? On Earth Day, of course. We agree cigarette litter prevention is
unsightly, costly to clean up and harmful to waterways and wildlife. What better
day to educate than Earth Day.

Cigarette litter is the No. 1 item fouling roadways and beaches in the United
States. Current statistics indicate 361,400 Kansas adults and 27,500 high school
students smoke. If the average smoker uses 20 to 30 cigarettes each day,
millions of the cigarette butts generated could be flicked into the Kansas
environment.

Litter cleanup costs this country more than $11.5 billion annually. The largest
city in Kansas, Wichita, pays $300,000 a year for litter cleanup.

Cigarette filters do not quickly degrade. About 18 percent of litter ends up in
local streams, rivers and other waterways. Cigarette butt litter can pose a
hazard to animals and marine life when they mistake the filters as food.

If you smoke, please properly dispose of your cigarette butts. The earth is not
your ashtray. If you do not smoke but see littering, please speak up. Love our
mother earth.

CANDACE AYARS,TOPEKA

NOTHING CHANGES

So the Kansas Republican Party is asking all GOP candidates to pledge their
allegiance to the party leadership.

W.S. Gilbert and Arthur Sullivan, 130 years ago, wrote a comic opera poking fun
at their own British MPs - Members of Parliament - and their inability to make
decisions on their own. It contained these lyrics:

"When in that House MPs divide,

If they've a brain and cerebellum, too,

They've got to leave that brain outside,

And vote just as their leaders tell 'em to.

But then the prospect of a lot

Of dull MPs in close proximity,

All thinking for themselves, is what

No man can face with equanimity."

Nothing changes very much, does it?

SHARON DUBOIS,TOPEKA

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              981 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            November 28, 2005 Monday

Soccer still isn't a major U.S. sport

SECTION: A; Pg. OP2

LENGTH: 813 words


Before the White Sox won the World Series last month, owner Jerry Reinsdorf was
quoted as saying ``I would give up all six of my NBA Title rings for one World
Series ring.'' Hence the status that baseball, our national pastime, has on our
culture -- a status that soccer sorely lacks. While I have no problem with
trying to save Earthquakes soccer for San Jose, it is wrong to belittle San
Jose's efforts to attract Major League Baseball to our fine city. Baseball,
along with football, basketball and sometimes hockey, drives our passions and
workplace sports talk -- not soccer.

Anthony DominguezGilroy

Iraqi's don't want U.S. forces to stay

Vice President Dick Cheney keeps saying that if we pull out of Iraq before ``the
job'' is done we will be turning the country over to the terrorists, but our own
intelligence services report that 90 percent of the insurgents are Iraqis.
Doesn't that mean that we would be turning the country over to the Iraqis? Maybe
they are not the kind of Iraqis he imagined when the war was started, but the
war and reconstruction has been so poorly managed that over 80 percent of the
citizens there want us to leave. It's time for a better and faster plan for how
to get our troops out of the mess we are in in Iraq.

Don WhitebreadMountain View

S.J. airport needs people mover

According to an estimate you reported (Page 3B, Nov. 22), about 220,000 people
will be using the San Jose airport during the holiday weekend -- a number that
promises to cause horrendous traffic and inconvenience. As a future option,
drop-off/pick-up sites connecting to a people-mover at either the light-rail
stop on First Street and/or the Santa Clara Caltrain station would provide
continuous, stressless transportation to the airport. Based on the number of
people throughout the county who would benefit and the relatively low cost, the
VTA should consider the people-mover to the airport, as promised in Measure A,
its highest priority.

Rochelle Wall McNamaraSan Jose

Bush wants liberty only for Christians

President Bush's attendance at a church in China, where he was ``standing up for
religious freedom,'' is rather ironic considering some of the other things Bush
has done. A few years ago, the Army provided facilities for a Wiccan soldier to
worship (they already provided facilities for Christians -- the Wiccan soldier
demanded equal treatment), and Bush said that the Army should reconsider that
decision. Apparently Bush feels that Wicca is not a real religion, or perhaps
that religious freedom applies only to Christians. In 2000, as governor of
Texas, Bush proclaimed a ``Jesus Day,'' which was somewhat of a slap in the face
for non-Christians.

Bush has been quoted as saying ``people should be allowed to worship freely.''
It appears that he really meant that people should be allowed to worship Jesus
freely, regardless of their own religious beliefs.

Jim HowellSan Jose

It takes a city to make S.J. safe

``Safest big city'' (again) (Page 1, Nov. 22). How does this happen? Magic?
Nope, lots of hard work. As a lifelong citizen of San Jose, I feel a sense of
security; as a 10-year public safety dispatcher for this city, I know first hand
what it takes to create this statistic. My heartfelt thanks goes to the 1,400
men and women officers who daily implement the decisions made by those behind
closed doors; to my dispatch co-workers who for 24/7 work very hard to make this
statistic a reality. Most importantly, I personally want to thank the citizens
of San Jose. We could not do this without you. You are our eyes and our ears out
there. We rely on YOU to help us help you.

Rita Barsotti NostrandSan Jose

Bush deserves fair treatment

You take (Editorial, Nov. 22) Republicans and especially Vice President Dick
Cheney to task for their (in the language of the Merc) ``rabid'' criticisms of
Democrats. Though Democrats repeatedly call the president of the United States a
``liar,'' not one word of the editorial mentions these slanderous slurs. Is it
too much to ask for some fairness and evenhandedness from the Mercury editorial
staff?

Scott AbramsonSan Mateo

An honest debate on Iraq's future

Let's stop this nonsense about why we went to war. We now know the reasons used
to justify the invasion of Iraq were untrue. And, whether we were misled or not
is irrelevant and will be decided at some point in the future. Can we have an
honest debate about what we should do now? I don't believe the answer is stay
the course and it's not to pull out immediately. The Democrats through Rep. Jack
Murtha's resolution, which is not a cut-and-run policy as described by the
Republicans, have put forth a plan to get out of Iraq. The people of Iraq have
spoken and they want a timetable on foreign-troop withdrawal. What is the Bush
administration's response to this declaration? To renounce the people of Iraq as
being unpatriotic and cowards?

Kirk WalukiewiczSan Jose

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              982 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       March 14, 2003 Friday 1ST EDITION

Faceoff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D-13

LENGTH: 517 words


After Tuesday's deadline day involved an unprecedented 24 trades,  the NHL's
balance of power didn't substantially shift.

At least among the top teams.

But the gap between the haves and the have-nots in this league is  becoming like
the Grand Canyon. The trading-deadline silliness is  getting more pronounced
every year, with bedraggled franchises  operating as if they are discount
department stores in danger of  closing and have homeless vagrants standing on
street corners  wearing sandwich-board signs. ('EMERGENCY INVENTORY LIQUIDATION
  SALE! MUST RAISE CASH! MAKE OFFER!') The Maple Leafs added Doug  Gilmour, Phil
Housley, Glen Wesley and Owen Nolan (who brings down  the average age of the
acquisitions to 51). It showed that Pat  Quinn could get something done after
several years of inertia.

The Red Wings landed defenseman Mathieu Schneider from the Kings,  and that's
significant not only because he can be crucial during  Detroit's run after a
repeat title, but because he is under  contract for next season.

The Blues couldn't talk the Coyotes into forking over Sean Burke,  and settled
for the Islanders' Chris Osgood as their hope for  quality playoff goaltending.
It's fashionable to belittle Osgood  for his inconsistency, but at least the guy
is a big-time  competitor and has hoisted the Cup. With a Blues-Avalanche
first-round matchup a strong possibility, Osgood might get another  chance at
Colorado in a series - and right out of the chute.

The only issue about the Stars' pickups of Stu Barnes and Lyle  Odelein is
whether it involves excessive tampering with team  chemistry and also a concern
that Bill Guerin indeed might not be  back for the first round of the playoffs.

The Flyers' acquisition of the big-ticket Tony Amonte represents  both the
desperate quest for someone who can actually put the puck  in the net and a
faith that Amonte can rediscover that touch if  paired with a true playmaking
center.

And how about those Senators? Especially under the financial  restraints John
Muckler was facing, their toughening up - with the  addition of Vaclav Varada
and Rob Ray - and the addition of Bryan  Smolinksi represented a remarkable
stretch of maneuvering, even  aided by the Sens' willingness to restructure
their contracts to  free up cash. If another Toronto-Ottawa battle of Ontario
materializes in the postseason, it could be one wild, entertaining  and
certainly combative show.

Anson Carter could help the Rangers crack the playoff field - gee,  that's the
least they could do for that payroll - and so much for  all this talk that the
Oilers were the model small-market  organization. A model organization wouldn't
just panic and all but  surrender every time a raise is staring it in the face
(as was the  case with Carter) and find a hollow rationalization to trade a
star.

Perhaps the Flames deserve credit for hanging on to Jarome Iginla,  Chris Drury
and even Craig Conroy, but it also might not have been  for the wont of trying.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2003 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              983 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   January 31, 2001, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

If you've got the pager, you've got the time for a beer

BYLINE: Kevin Maney

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 8B; Technology

LENGTH: 945 words


Every once in a while, a truly profound, enlightened use of technology
surfaces. In this particular case, it is something that not only
crystallizes in a single elegant package a complex trend in the
industry, but does so in symbiosis with societal developments
and popular culture.

In case you haven't figured it out already, we're talking about
the beer pager.

To be specific: the Miller Lite Beer Pager -- a little piece of
software that allows members of a group to contact each other,
presumably so they can toss back some cold ones and, perhaps,
throw up. Or as Scott Bussen of Miller puts it, the technology
is all about "helping friends plan those beer moments."


The beer pager has, in fact, been available on MillerLite.com
for more than a year. It hasn't exactly been a raging hit. Miller
counts 110,000 downloads. In the Internet world, where such numbers
are usually counted in the tens of millions, that's kind of cute.
Sort of like when my 7-year-old son offers the contents of his
piggybank to help buy a new car.

But it would be way wrong to belittle the beer pager. It's been
ahead of its time. At this point, it's in the perfect position
to catch the next wave of the Internet. It could turn out to be
tremendous. And besides, it's about beer. I could write about
next-wave Internet applications that are centered around sales
force automation or supply chain efficiency, but I'd much rather
write about beer. I can't tell you how much.

Once you download the beer pager -- which requires that you have
Shockwave software on your computer -- it becomes a small, metallic-looking
animated gadget that sits on your computer screen. The beer pager
doesn't work through the browser or e-mail. It stands alone, using
the connections of the Internet to do a single, focused function
-- something akin to instant-messaging software such as ICQ.

You and your friends all have to have the pager. You enter into
it what is essentially a drinking buddy list. And you enter in
some favorite places to drink beer. There is no filter inside
the pager -- it does allow you to meet at places that don't serve
Miller Lite, which is important from a trust perspective.

So, picture this: You're toiling away at your job. Of course,
since the tech crash, your job has turned into real work for nothing
but a salary because your stock options are worth less than the
3-day-old Southwestern chicken wrap in the office vending machine.
So you decide it's time to drink beer. You click on your buddy
list, click on a place to meet and click the send button. Your
friends' pagers jump to life and vibrate across their computer
screens. With a click, they can see the message and respond to
everybody. In no time, you've got a party.

I'm assuming that last part. My friends all live in different
cities, work like dogs and have kids. I'm sure there are categories
of people who can get a group to go out drinking on a whim on
weeknights. I no longer know any of them.

The beer pager was created for Miller by Red Sky Interactive,
a firm well known for innovative mixes of technology and marketing.
Red Sky calls these stand-alone, Internet-enabled software gadgets
"flying objects." The firm has created others, such as the Absolut
DJ for Absolut vodka. The Absolut DJ lets users create and edit
music, then send the music to friends who also have downloaded
the software. Flying objects, Red Sky's Blair Adamson says, "could
be huge for a lot of clients."

OK, but what makes the beer pager more than an adorable marketing
toy?

For one, it very simply illustrates where the Internet is heading.
Right now, the Net is pretty much totally experienced through
the browser. But the browser will become less important. We'll
increasingly use stand-alone software to connect via the Internet
to servers or to other people's PCs to do something special.

Think of the RealPlayer for video and Napster for getting music.
Many more such devices are coming. Some will do huge things, such
as coordinate the buying and selling of airplane parts. Others
will do little things, like coordinate a private beerfest.

Another trend the beer pager is riding has to do with solving
real problems. One of the reasons some dot-coms are suffering
is because they never solved a problem anybody knew they had.

The beer pager, though, is based on real research, conducted in
real bars in Chicago, about how guys put together their social
events, Adamson says. The phone never worked that well -- it takes
a lot of phone calls to coordinate a drinking date for 14 guys.
And e-mail from work has always seemed too cold and corporate,
if not against company policy. Shackled with such limited technology,
it's a wonder anybody ever found a way to drink beer with friends.

Red Sky and Miller saw there was a problem to be solved. "We
realized this space existed, and we concepted the idea of a beer
pager as a flying object," Adamson says, jargoningly.

Besides, the beer pager battles the societal trend toward isolation.
All kinds of studies show that people get absorbed in their computers
and the Internet, then stop being social and become murderers,
bank robbers and dorks who throw cigarette butts out their car
windows instead of using the ashtray. Thanks to the beer pager,
computers and the Net can become a conduit to socialization, not
to mention beer drinking. If the studies are correct, this should
keep civilization from collapsing.

Now you understand why the beer pager is so profound. Frankly,
it's hard to understand why Napster gets all the press.



LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Web Bryant, USA TODAY (Illustration)

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              984 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       August 29, 1999 Sunday 2D EDITION

Energy industry cooking with gas

BYLINE: By Susan Klann, ENERGY,

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. M-08

LENGTH: 880 words


Consumers who've filled up their cars at the pump lately can  attest that OPEC
members are holding to the oil-production quotas  established in the spring.
Gone is speculation that the cartel no  longer wields the power it once did. The
members are toeing the  line, and worldwide crude-oil prices and gasoline prices
have soared.

As it turns out, the recent energy industry downturn didn't  last as long as
many observers expected. That's not to belittle  the layoffs and consolidation
that resulted mainly among the major  oil companies - but rather to point out
that prices rebounded  fairly quickly to $ 21 per barrel of oil, and even more
unexpected,  $ 3 per thousand cubic feet of natural gas.

Bob Gillon, vice president and senior analyst with John S.  Herold Inc. of
Greenwich, Conn., sums up the surprises of the  commodity price turnaround:
'It's a puzzle to me why people's  psychology changes so quickly,' be says.
'From 1987 to 1998, crude  oil spent 80 percent of its time (setting aside the
crash of 1987)  between $ 16 and $ 22 per barrel. Now many analysts are
suggesting  that we look for $ 25 oil. But what's different this time to make
prices vary substantially from the longtime average?' Herold  forecasts
long-term oil prices of between $ 17 and $ 18.

Energy stocks have crept upward to just shy of peaks attained  before prices
began to fall in late 1997. The stocks were  overvalued before the downturn,
Gillon suggests. 'They are now at  levels that look on the whole as being
appropriately valued.  Meanwhile, the major oil company index of stocks has
reached an  all-time high,' he says.

While the downturn spawned a series of mergers among the  major oil firms and
some larger independents, merger and  acquisition activity among the midsize
independents remained  sparse. CEOs may have resisted deals, not wanting to
relinquish  their jobs and perks, Gillon says.

Locally, Tom Foncannon, senior vice president and manager of  the energy and
minerals division at Norwest Bank in Denver, says  customers generally survived
the price collapse in good shape. He  credits companies' management skill and
discipline. Now,  natural-gas companies in particular are gearing up their
drilling  programs to reap the rewards of today's high prices, and they are
hedging portions of their production to lock in cheap gas.

The capital markets remain somewhat skeptical of the energy  sector, but some
Rockies firms have completed equity and debt  offerings in recent months.
Evergreen Resources, the specialist in  coalbed methane drilling in the Raton
Basin of Colorado, completed  an offering in July that signified its coming of
age. The offering  was filed for 2.5 million shares but was expanded to 2.75
million  to accommodate demand. The Prudential Securities-led deal was
completed for $ 65.7 million in proceeds, allowing Evergreen to  eliminate bank
debt and accelerate its drilling program. It has  drilled 150 wells In the play
to date.

Basin Exploration, based in Denver and primarily active in  Gulf Coast drilling,
completed a $ 75.9 million common-stock  offering in June. Barrett Resources
recently took its Gulf of  Mexico properties off the market after not receiving
adequate bids  and boosted its 1999 cap-ex budget by 17 percent from $ 111
million  to $ 130 million. More than 85 percent of the capital targets the
Rockies' Piceance Basin, Wind River and Powder River coalbed  methane basin
properties. Ballard Petroleum of Billings, Mont.,  which is active in the
Piceance Basin among other areas, raised  $ 45 million in equity early in the
year, when the capital climate  was as ugly as it gets. Four private-equity
funds were the investors.

Penneco Energy Inc. of Denver, the young company also focused  on coalbed
methane drilling in the Powder River Basin of Wyoming,  closed a $ 25 million
credit facility with U.S. Bank National  Association in late July. Pennaco,
whose stock has soared in the  past year from about $ 3 to $ 12 per share, has
drilled 246 net  coalbed wells since November and plans to drill a net 262 wells

  more through the remainder of 1999. The company reports estimated  net proved
reserves as of June 30 of 42.7 billion cubic feet of  natural gas.

Frank Bracken, a vice president with Prudential Securities  Inc. in Austin,
Texas, which managed Evergreen's offering, credits  decreased levels of gas
drilling and growth in non-utility sector  demand for natural gas for the tight
gas market.

'Our own take on this is that we're in a more sustained upward  price trend than
in the past. Higher prices will encourage  additional drilling as the year
progresses and as budgets are  passed for next year. But those efforts will come
too late to  repair the damage of declines of the last 18 months, and we think
we'll see an extremely tight gas market next year.'

As for higher gasoline prices, Bracken has advice for  consumers: 'Park the SUV
and get out the Pinto.'

Susan Klann of Denver is a contributing editor of Oil and Gas  Investor
magazine. Her column about energy appears every other  Sunday. Contact her at
ssklann@aol.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 1999 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              985 of 996 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            August 9, 2014 Saturday
                                Regional Edition

Mandate an end to gerrymandering

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 153 words


It's about time the United States cracked down on gerrymandering, an obscene
political practice that takes away rights and belittles the electorate. The Aug.
4 High Court column "A new look at gerrymandering" [The Fed Page] highlighted
not only the Supreme Court ruling that ignited this wave of gerrymandering but
also a way to counter it.

Unfortunately, Maryland and Virginia don't have the same kinds of state
constitutional provisions as Florida, making them bastions of the gerrymander.
The monster can, however, be routed by the people in three ways: forcing the
change via a court order, passing legislation at the state level or approving a
ballot initiative. These solutions require effort, but - just like the majority
of issues in politics - can be implemented by a more eager, diligent
constituency. That constituency must act before it is disenfranchised by
politicians.

Shriyash K. Upadhyay , North Potomac

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              986 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday

Turtles fight back with humour

BYLINE: Boon Chan

SECTION: LIFE!; Life Movies

LENGTH: 422 words


Review Action Fantasy

TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES (PG)

102 minutes/Opens tomorrow/***

The story: The Foot Clan headed by the vicious Shredder is responsible for a
crime wave hitting New York City. Intrepid reporter April O'Neil (Megan Fox)
stumbles upon an unlikely force fighting back - teenage mutant ninja turtles -
and discovers her link to them.

This is a film that is fully aware of the ridiculousness of four human-sized
turtles executing ninja moves and embraces instead of belittles it.

The quartet of Leonardo, Michelangelo, Raphael and Donatello first appeared in a
comic book in 1984 and have proven to be impressively long-living reptiles. The
franchise has spawned three animated TV series, with the latest one currently
ongoing, a live action series and four feature films.

The last big-screen outing, TMNT (2007), was a CGI-animated flick that did not
go down too well with critics, though. This reboot ventures into similar
territory by mixing live action with computer animation through motion capture.

Most importantly, director Jonathan Liebesman (Wrath Of The Titans, 2012) has
retained the lightly comic vibe of wisecracking and squabbling turtles as they
go about fighting crime.

He teases the audience for a while before showing them what the latest version
of the turtles look like. They come across like Yoda on steroids and in a shell.
Then they open their mouths and out spews teenspeak, particularly from
Michelangelo - and all is indeed familiar and well.

There is even a signature "Cowabunga!" or two unleashed in the proceedings.

Apart from the different coloured masks they wear, the turtles are also
distinguished by their personality. Orange for fun-loving Michelangelo (Noel
Fisher), purple for geeky bespectacled Donatello (Jeremy Howard), red for
hot-blooded Raphael (Alan Ritchson) and blue for leader Leonardo (Pete Ploszek).

Still, it can get a little confusing telling them apart at times, even though
Jackass star Johnny Knoxville voices Leonardo, presumably because he is more
well known.

The story itself is fairly straightforward as it pits Shredder and his clan of
baddies against master rat Splinter and his protege turtles with a decent chase
sequence down a snowy slope.

Megan Fox (Transformers, 2007) fulfils the requisite hot-girl quotient, while
Will Arnett (from comedy series Arrested Development) provides some laughs as a
cameraman besotted with her.

With a watchable reboot successfully accomplished, it looks like the turtles
have managed to extend their shell-life yet again.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              987 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            November 29, 2009 Sunday

Preoccupation with Sarah Palin not too surprising

BYLINE: Jim Swenson

SECTION: E; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 484 words


At this moment in time, as we head toward the 2010s, a large segment of people
can't understand why Sarah Palin is so popular with another large segment of
people. I believe it's pretty obvious. She's different, captivating, attractive
and she fits right into our celebrity-hungry society.

Whether that eventually takes her to the Oval Office or just to the bank after
the huge sales of her book, time will tell. But to ignore, belittle or
underestimate her appeal today is shortsighted. Better to try to understand the
many reasons why she has grabbed our attention. Trying to predict her future is
silly and impossible - especially in our current political environment. I'm
fascinated by her. Do I believe she could be the next president? Not going
there. It's a ridiculous question to ask in 2009, when so many things could
change by 2012 or 2016. If I were asked in late 2005 if I thought Barack Obama
could be elected our president in 2008, I probably would have answered no. Using
that timeline, the same could have been said of Bill Clinton, Ronald Reagan,
Jimmy Carter and many other presidents, I'm sure. Yet, these days, we're trying
to extend presidential campaigns almost three years too early. Obama already has
been asked if he will run in 2012. Why do we ask such stupid questions about the
future? They just distract us from the present. Rather than pondering whether
Palin is trying to situate herself as a future presidential candidate with her
"Going Rogue," book-signing tour, we should be asking, "How could someone like
her become so prominent in our country that friend and foe alike are preoccupied
with her?" Let's face it. She's become a huge celebrity, almost the "rock star"
that Obama became. Sadly, that's what we've become. When prime time TV "news"
ratings are dominated by the O'Reillys, Becks, Maddows and Olbermanns, we've
proven we don't want unbiased reports. When we crave reality television and fawn
over the pitiful people who "star" on these programs, we've proven we want
celebrities as next door neighbors. It's only natural that the politicians who
are bigger than this celebrity life we've created will be the ones who grab our
attention. Yet, I believe there's another reason that Palin has produced a core,
passionate following that may or may not grow - she is the inevitable (and to me
obvious) consequence of our gridlocked and partisan government. Whether
justified or not, Sarah Palin represents the "average citizen," someone who is
different from what now exists in Washington D.C. - and what has existed for a
long time. Politicians take note: So many people in our country are so SICK of
both Democrats and Republicans in Washington D.C., they'll latch on to any
young, attractive, charismatic alternative who, despite not having a whole lot
of experience, nonetheless might offer real change. Sound familiar? You can
e-mail Jim at jswenson@wcinet.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              988 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                   New Orleans CityBusiness (New Orleans, LA)

                                October 13, 2009

Bureau of Governmental Research consultant pans city of New Orleans' master plan
draft

BYLINE: Ben Myers

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 652  words


The city's draft master plan is "so deficient that it would be a mistake to
adopt it. "

That's according to Paul Sedway, a planning consultant hired by the Bureau of
Governmental Research to critique the plan. Sedway shared his thoughts this
morning before a large audience at the Chateau Bourbon Hotel where BGR held a
panel discussion on the master plan.

Sedway's comment referred specifically to the plan's "usability," which he said
is critical to successful urban planning documents. The draft far exceeds its
city charter mandate by focusing on "non-physical" development such as "plastic
bags, police Web sites, universal health insurance and the like," Sedway said.

"I was tempted to find this amusing, but it's not amusing. These are important
matters," Sedway said, adding that his intent was not to "belittle" the authors'
efforts. "It's just that the city of New Orleans needs attention to its
rebuilding so dramatically that putting these other matters in detracts from
(the draft's) central mission. "

David Dixon, the Goody Clancy principal who was contracted to help lead the
master plan drafting process for the city, defended his work. He told Sedway
that New Orleans, unlike other cities, has no previous planning policy - a
fundamental challenge that "weighed very heavily on us," Dixon said.

Planning in other cities, he said, is like working on the tip of a foot-tall
pyramid, with eight inches of foundation underneath.

"New Orleans is missing the other eight inches of that pyramid," Dixon said. "I
just want everyone here to realize this will be the longest master plan in
America, probably, because the last 20 years of work upon which it would
normally be based are not there. "

But Sedway responded by questioning what the "other eight inches would contain.
" And he had a slew of other criticisms relating to deviance from the 2008 city
charter amendment that will make a finalized master plan legally binding.

For example, the charter amendment focuses heavily on land use. As such, Sedway
said, the draft's land use plan should be front center but is currently buried
in the 16th chapter.

But, mistake or not, the draft is hurtling toward legal inception. The City
Planning Commission, ultimately responsible for submitting a plan to City
Council, will hold public hearings tonight and Oct. 27 before voting on the plan
Nov. 10.

BGR is calling on the Planning Commission to delay its process, and not
specifically because of Sedway's critique. The Planning Commission has not
released the final two chapters of the master plan, which concern implementation
and community participation, BGR President and CEO Janet Howard said.

Citizens, she said, should "have a clear document in front of them so they can
say 'You know, this is what planners are proposing. We like that. We don't like,
that. '"

"We are not there," Howard added.

The draft also leans on "planning by proxy," where future private entities take
over policies contained within the plan, Sedway said.

"You are essentially abdicating your responsibility," he scolded. "I'm not even
sure it's legal. "

City Councilwoman Jackie Clarkson disputed this notion, framing the practice in
"grassroots" terms.

"We always in process have historical landmarks organizations, we have zoning
groups, we have neighborhood groups," Clarkson said. "We are only running things
through the usual process. "

Clarkson agrees that finalizing the plan before the end of the year is too soon,
and said she would prefer to set the deadline for spring, after Mayor Ray Nagin
leaves office. She told the audience afterward that she felt "sensitive" about
Sedway's remarks, although she agreed the draft needs more focus.

Still, Clarkson said, "We are very happy with it," especially considering that
New Orleans has never had such a plan.

"Is it perfect? No. Is it the best thing the city will ever have? Yes," Clarkson
said. "And after 300 years, it's about time. "

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              989 of 996 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             April 19, 2009 Sunday

New policies not our cup of tea, protesters say

BYLINE: Jay Evensen Deseret News

LENGTH: 679 words


I had to chuckle Wednesday when I read The Wall Street Journal's resident
liberal columnist, Thomas Frank, trying to belittle the hundreds of Tea Party
protests planned that day nationwide as soft and lacking in conviction. The
protests would be held, he said, "Unless it rains today. ..." I had just stood
outdoors in a relentless spring snowstorm to witness one of these "parties" in
front of the Federal Building in downtown Salt Lake City. Several hundred people
were there.

They reacted strongly when one of the speakers said she would cut her remarks
short "because of the snow." No, they shouted, we want to hear it all. And so
they did. I saw a lot of people shivering, but I didn't see anyone running for
shelter. And the speakers were drowned out regularly by the loud horns of cars
and trucks whose drivers sympathized with the cause but had commitments to do
other things. What did it all mean? That question is hard to answer because
these protests were disorganized. Despite what some on the left were alleging
about the backing of corporations and others who stand to lose from Washington's
current policies, these had the earmarks of a truly grass-roots movement ? the
type that couldn't have happened in the days before the Internet. Each event had
its own personality. Two pages over from Frank's column, author and activist
Glenn Harlan Reynolds wrote of how in some states the parties were as much
anti-Republican as they were anti-Democrat. The organizer of Knoxville's event
"said that no 'professional politicians' were going to be allowed to speak, and
he made a big point of saying that the protest wasn't an anti-Obama protest, it
was an anti-establishment protest." Salt Lake City's protest had a decidedly
more Republican and anti-Obama feel to it. Rep. Jason Chaffetz told me afterward
he had been invited to speak. Other speakers included Rep. Rob Bishop and Utah
Attorney General Mark Shurtleff, who quoted liberally (if that's the word) from
the nation's founders. That was a recurring theme. Pictures from around the
country showed people in tricorn hats and with signs saying "Don't tread on me."
In Salt Lake City, there were several of the usual one-issue opportunists you
find at any conservative rally, from Second Amendment supporters to people
against illegal immigration. Someone handed me a flier urging me to read Ayn
Rand's "Atlas Shrugged." But in nearly three decades of attending protests, I
have learned you see those on either side of the political spectrum. You didn't
need to know who John Galt was, however, to appreciate the level of anger at
bailouts and nanny-state engineering that led to these protests. "A
post-partisan expression of outrage," is how Reynolds described it. Perhaps it
is more accurate to say it was a way to fill the void left by no meaningful or
articulate opposition to what is happening in Washington. In a crisis such as
this one, where one party is swept aside despite doing essentially a smaller
version what the party that took power has done, political opposition has
trouble finding a voice. For a history lesson, look no further than the 1930s.
An op-ed by the Wall Street Journal's Bernard Kilgore, written on May 11, 1934,
said the real problem back then was that opponents to Franklin Roosevelt's New
Deal lacked leadership and organization. "The opposition is neither united on an
alternative program nor in a stand against any program at all (in the sense that
such a stand would represent a move against the prevalent idea that the national
government must always 'do something.')" And there you have the meaning of the
tea parties. They were ways for people to tell Washington to do nothing, at a
time when neither political party seems willing to do so. If the president's
policies succeed, the protests probably will fade away. More likely, however,
they will continue to smolder, fed by the oxygen of the Internet and radio, come
rain, snow or sunshine. Jay Evensen is editor of the Deseret News editorial
page. E-mail: even@desnews.com Visit his blog at deseretnews.com/blogs.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              990 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     June 21, 2000, Wednesday, Home Edition

My Opinion;
 Private matter: Religion belongs to all, not just majority

BYLINE: Cynthia Tucker, Staff

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 645 words

It's amazing the things that some people will do in God's name: Hurl insults.
Heap accusations. Call names. Ostracize, belittle, demonize.

That's what happened in the small town of Santa Fe, Texas, when two families
belonging to local religious minorities --- one Catholic and one Mormon ---
decided to mount a court challenge to the tradition of student-led prayer before
high school football games. The town's public life degenerated into an ugly
inquisition pitting neighbor against neighbor, student against classmate,
Protestant against Catholic.

If nothing else, the Santa Fe experience ought to demonstrate once and for all
why public prayer at public school events is not a good thing. The tradition of
pregame prayer did not draw the people of Santa Fe together; it tore them apart.
It did not invite those outside the Protestant fold to witness the compassion
and generosity and grace of that particular group of believers; it created an
impression of those believers as mean, vicious and narrow-minded.

So, on Monday, the U.S. Supreme Court reaffirmed what many Americans already
understand: Religion is an intensely private matter and must remain so. It is
one of the hallmarks of the American way of life --- indeed, an underpinning of
post-Enlightenment Western thought --- that each person must be free to believe
what he wishes. No man may be compelled to bow to any god just because the
majority of citizens says so.

In striking down the practice of pregame prayer by the Santa Fe Independent
School District, Justice John Paul Stevens, writing for the majority, said: "
The delivery of a pregame prayer has the improper effect of coercing those
present to participate in an act of religious worship." The decision was
rendered by a broad majority of the justices --- 6-3.

This ought to settle the matter, but, of course, it will not. There are among us
too many public figures who have found in the promotion of their religious views
a way to command center stage and keep the spotlight. They are not terribly
interested in saving souls or spreading righteousness; they just want to get
elected or raise more money --- whichever pursuit is served by their public
piety. They will continue to scold and harass and condemn the rest of us to Hell
for failing to adhere to the truth --- The Truth --- that they and only they
have received.

So be it. False prophets shall always be with us.

But, just in case those self-anointed prophets have persuaded you that the
Supreme Court is on the side of Satan, here are a couple of things worth
considering. First of all, the court has not chased prayer out of public
schools. How could it be so?

Any child is free to pray quietly at any time. Unless God is hard of hearing,
those prayers get the same attention as prayers said into a microphone. Besides,
children gather regularly in their own student-led prayer groups at recess and
lunchtime at public schools all over the country.

The second thing worth considering is this: There is nothing more dangerous to a
society than the certainty of a small group of folks who are determined to make
everyone else believe as they do. Human history is littered with the bloody
detritus of religious warfare. Every one of those wars was started by people
convinced beyond any doubt that God was on their side.

This nation was founded not "on Christian principles" --- as the promoters of
public religion would have you believe --- but rather by people who had had
enough of those holy wars. So they wrote a Bill of Rights that protects the
religious rights of witches, Catholics, devil worshipers, Jews, pagans,
Congregationalists, heathens, Muslims, the Falun Gong and Baptists alike. Thank
heaven for that.

Cynthia Tucker's column appears Wednesdays and Sundays.
Editor of the Constitution editorial pages
e-mail: cynthia@ajc.com

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              991 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                                 THE AUSTRALIAN

                            January 15, 1999, Friday

Raging Bull still on ropes

SOURCE: THE TIMES

BYLINE: Srikumar Sen

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 760 words


Mike Tyson shows little sign of overcoming his problems before a return to the
ring, writes Srikumar Sen

MIKE TYSON returns on Sunday (Australian time) to the Las Vegas ring in which he
disgraced himself.

While most sportsmen would face such a prospect with remorse or trepidation,
Tyson, it seems, feels little or no pain for the despicable act of biting off a
piece of Evander Holyfield's ear in that infamous world heavyweight championship
bout in June 1997.

How will the crowd which chanted "Holy, Holy" that night receive Tyson when he
enters the ring to face his first opponent in 19 months, Francois Botha, of
South Africa? It matters little to Tyson.

"Muhammad Ali set the style, but there has never been a fighter as big as Mike
Tyson," the once-respected boxing historian Tyson said. "Yeah, I lost to
Holyfield. I bit his ear. He's an outstanding fighter, but he's not Mike Tyson."

Tyson still rages at the world that does not understand him, or his actions
-inside and outside the ring. Perhaps that is why he finds it necessary to
belittle the man who twice gave him the hiding of his life.

"I'm not supposed to be here, I was supposed to be finished after Robin Givens,"
said Tyson, who had to be cleared by a team of psychiatrists before getting his
licence back from the Nevada State Athletic Commission. "Most of the guys I've
fought are in oblivion now and they are fighting to pay crack habits. I've been
as low as a man could ever be. But I'm here."

While Tyson is happy to accept the millions that come to him as a result of
publicity in the press, he is unable to handle media attention. He still laces
his replies to journalists he does not like with expletives, or hides behind
ramblings of a pseudointellectual nature, talking about God, Machiavelli and
quoting Nietzsche.

It seemed for a moment, a couple of weeks ago, that the break from his former
management of Don King, John Horne and Rory Holloway was beginning to help him
to understand his problems.

He impressed the readers of The New York Times when he appeared to show he was
capable of considerate behaviour.

"I want to get my life stabilised," he told the newspaper.

"I've been a real jerk. I don't know how my wife has been able to stay married
to me. She is such a dignified woman, who is not used to the stuff I've put her
through."

Then, a couple of days later, Tyson was predicting the death of Botha. "I expect
him to go down cold," he said. "I expect him to die."

You can understand what the psychiatrists meant when they said Tyson had "a
constellation of neurobehavioural deficits".  This evaluation was further
illustrated the other day, when Tyson denigrated Holyfield and Lennox Lewis, and
insulted sports fans by saying: "If I fight on the same night, they're out of a
job. They can't sell out Madison Square Garden. I can sell out Madison Square
Garden masturbating.

"I am the champ. These guys talk about me like a god. I am the champ when I'm
not the champ. When they are the champs, I'm the king. I'm Mike Tyson and Mike
Tyson is gonna be Mike Tyson."

Tyson refused to believe that the Lewis-Holyfield contest at Madison Square
Garden, still nearly eight weeks away, was already sold out while his bout with
Botha at the MGM Grand Garden, just days away, still had to see the "House Full"
notice.

These utterances underline the belief that Tyson, outside the ring, is bigger
than Tyson inside it, and boxing is no longer a sport but a deception in which
outrageous comments, coupled with knockouts of hand-picked opponents, take in
the gullible.

A pity because, as a boxer, Tyson is not a fraud. For the past six weeks, he has
been working in Arizona with his new trainer, Tommy Brooks, who was in
Holyfield's corner on that fateful June night.

"We've gone back to basics," Brooks said. "We're getting back to where he used
to be."

Throughout his troubled existence in the past 19 months, Tyson has always had
the memory of his legal guardian, Cus D'Amato, to sustain him, so the news that
his accountant had found that D'Amato had left him $US200,000 in a savings
account should lift his spirits.

"I guess Cus thought I would blow all my money," Tyson said, laughing. "When I
was living crazy, I'd spend $200,000 in one night on belts, underwear, champagne
and girls. To me, $200,000 is insignificant, even if I was doing bad.

"But when they told me he had left it, it was like, wow.

"You could not give me a million dollars for that account now. What Cus did was
truly overwhelming."

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 1999 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              992 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                     May 10, 1995, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Veteran reliever rolls with punches

BYLINE: GYLE KONTOPETZ

SECTION: SPORTS AM; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 748 words


GAME STORY: CALGARY 5 TACOMA 2

THE ANALYSIS

* THE GAME: A wind-blown two-run homer by Nelson Simmons and two-run single by
Trey Beamon propelled the Cannons to a 5-2 Pacific Coast League romp. Rainiers
won the series 3-2.

* THE STAR: Winning pitcher Scott Taylor limited Tacoma to one run, a homer by
Chris Widger, through five innings, fanning five.

* THE HOT HEADS: Three players were ejected disputing umpire Martin Foster's fat
strike zone: the Cannons' Kevin Young and Micah Franklin, and the Rainiers' Marc
Newfield.

* ON DECK: The Cannons visit Vancouver, then return Monday for an eight-game
homestand.

You can use him, abuse him, boo him, belittle him, trade him, release him,
demote him and tell him to go to hell, or Syracuse.

But you can't rip the uniform off Randy St. Claire, still happily rolling with
the punches after all these years.

The plucky veteran reliever battled in Calgary 16 years ago as a fuzzy-cheeked
Calgary Expos' rookie and now he continues to battle as the travel-weary
greybeard of the Calgary Cannons.

With St. Claire, it's always the bottom of the ninth with the bases loaded in a
tie game, which is the story of his life. In 17 pro seasons, he has modelled 18
uniforms in 18 cities for nine major-league organizations.

The son of tough ex-major league catcher Ebba St. Claire has been called a lot
of things but never a quitter.

"My father taught me never to give up," says St. Claire, plugging away in his
third stint in Calgary and second as a Cannon. "He said, 'Never let anyone tell
you you can't do it.'

"In this game, one day you're the goat, the next day you're the hero. You can't
dwell on that. As long as I feel in my heart and mind that I can get back to the
majors, I'll keep going. I'll know when it's over, when nobody gives me a
uniform."

For 17 seasons in 734 games, St. Claire has stared down hitters from quaint old
Foothills Stadium in the Pioneer League to fabled Atlanta Stadium in the World
Series. And now, at 34, he stares down retirement with the honesty of a
chin-high fastball.

"I'll take the uniform off when I believe I no longer have major-league talent,"
says the Cannons' stopper, who earned his sixth save Tuesday night in a 5-2
victory over the Tacoma Rainiers at Burns Stadium to help reduce an 8.03
earned-run average.

"If I don't have a good year, this will probably be my last year. The broken-bat
singles, the hits through the holes, they wear you down mentally. I'd probably
turn to coaching or scouting."

Lesser men would've have hung up their spikes years ago.

Although the resident of Lake Placid, N.Y., has mustered 162 games in the majors
with the Expos, Reds, Twins, Braves and Blue Jays and a respectable 4.14 ERA, he
has yet to spend a full season in the majors and cash in on financial security.

Last year, the wily right-hander had a career year in Triple-A with 33 saves for
Syracuse and was rewarded with two innings as a Blue Jay before being sent back
to Syracuse.

Yet, St. Claire, originally signed as a free agent with Montreal after a tryout
at age 17, harbors no bitterness, only pride in transforming a little physical
talent and a lot of mental toughness into 10 big-league stints.

"I can't say I've been sold short," says the father of two, whose most
fulfilling season was '85 with the Expos when he was 5-3 with a 3.93 ERA in 42
relief outings. "Baseball has given me an opportunity to travel and put food on
my table.

"I don't burn bridges. When I get sent down, I keep my mouth shut and get out
quick. I've stopped trying to figure out why some decisions are made. And I try
to avoid the sad puppy-dog attitude after being sent down."

St. Claire was born with spikes on. He and his five brothers were weaned on
baseball at Whitehall, N.Y., where Ebba St. Claire, who played 164 games with
the Boston and Milwaukee Braves and New York Giants in the early 1950s, built a
mound in the backyard. Randy was groomed as a catcher, but the Expos made him a
pitcher.

When St. Claire left home on the long road to the majors, his father was
battling cancer. He died in 1982.

"My father never wanted me to know how sick he was, so I never knew about it
when he was on his deathbed. My father never saw me throw a pitch in pro
baseball. I taped some games for him that were on the radio in West Palm Beach
(Florida State League). My mom said he loved it. Even though he was sick, he was
yelling and hollering at me while I was pitching."


LOAD-DATE: May 11, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1995 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              993 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                     May 10, 1995, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Veteran reliever rolls with punches

BYLINE: GYLE KONTOPETZ

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 721 words


GAME STORY: Calgary 5 Tacoma 2:

THE ANALYSIS

* THE GAME: A wind-blown two-run homer by Nelson Simmons and two-run single by
Trey Beamon propelled the Cannons to a 5-2 Pacific Coast League romp. The
Rainiers won the series 3-2.

* THE STAR: Winning pitcher Scott Taylor limited Tacoma to one run, a homer by
Chris Widger, through five innings, fanning five.

* THE HOT HEADS: Three players were ejected disputing umpire Martin Foster's fat
strike zone: the Cannons' Kevin Young and Micah Franklin, and the Rainiers' Marc
Newfield.

* ON DECK: The Cannons visit Vancouver, then return Monday for an eight-game
homestand.

You can use him, abuse him, boo him, belittle him, trade him, release him,
demote him and tell him to go to hell, or Syracuse.

But you can't rip the uniform off Randy St. Claire, still happily rolling with
the punches after all these years.

The plucky veteran reliever battled in Calgary 16 years ago as a fuzzy-cheeked
Calgary Expos' rookie and now he continues to battle as the travel-weary
greybeard of the Calgary Cannons.

With St. Claire, it's always the bottom of the ninth with the bases loaded in a
tie game, which is the story of his life. In 17 pro seasons, he has modelled 18
uniforms in 18 cities for nine major-league organizations.

The son of tough ex-major league catcher Ebba St. Claire has been called a lot
of things but never a quitter.

"My father taught me never to give up," says St. Claire, plugging away in his
third stint in Calgary and second as a Cannon. "He said, 'Never let anyone tell
you you can't do it.'

"In this game, one day you're the goat, the next day you're the hero. You can't
dwell on that. As long as I feel in my heart and mind that I can get back to the
majors, I'll keep going. I'll know when it's over, when nobody gives me a
uniform."

For 17 seasons in 734 games, St. Claire has stared down hitters from quaint old
Foothills Stadium in the Pioneer League to fabled Atlanta Stadium in the World
Series. And now, at 34, he stares down retirement with the honesty of a
chin-high fastball.

"I'll take the uniform off when I believe I no longer have major-league talent,"
says the Cannons' stopper, who earned his sixth save Tuesday night in a 5-2
victory over Tacoma at Burns Stadium. "If I don't have a good year, this will
probably be my last year. The broken-bat singles, the hits through the holes,
they wear you down mentally. I'd probably turn to coaching or scouting."

Lesser men would've have hung up their spikes years ago. Although the resident
of Lake Placid, N.Y., has mustered 162 games in the majors with the Expos, Reds,
Twins, Braves and Blue Jays and a respectable 4.14 ERA, he has yet to spend a
full season in the majors and cash in on financial security.

Last year, the wily right-hander had a career year in Triple-A with 33 saves for
Syracuse and was rewarded with two innings as a Blue Jay before being sent back
to Syracuse.

Yet, St. Claire, originally signed as a free agent with Montreal after a tryout
at age 17, harbors no bitterness, only pride in transforming a little physical
talent and a lot of mental toughness into 10 big-league stints.

"I can't say I've been sold short," says the father of two, whose most
fulfilling season was '85 with the Expos when he was 5-3 with a 3.93 ERA in 42
relief outings. "Baseball has given me an opportunity to travel and put food on
my table.

"I don't burn bridges. When I get sent down, I keep my mouth shut and get out
quick. I've stopped trying to figure out why some decisions are made. And I try
to avoid the sad puppy-dog attitude after being sent down."

St. Claire was born with spikes on. He and his five brothers were weaned on
baseball at Whitehall, N.Y., where Ebba St. Claire, who played 164 big-league
games in the early 1950s, built a mound in the backyard.

When St. Claire left home on the long road to the majors, his father was
battling cancer. He died in 1982.

"My father never wanted me to know how sick he was, so I never knew about it
when he was on his deathbed. My father never saw me throw a pitch in pro
baseball. I taped some games for him that were on the radio in West Palm Beach
(Florida State League). My mom said he loved it. Even though he was sick, he was
yelling and hollering at me while I was pitching."


LOAD-DATE: May 11, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1995 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              994 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                   September 3, 1994, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

HOCKEY: NHL investigating McGuire over possible contract breach

BYLINE: JOHN MACKINNON; CITIZEN

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. G5


The NHL is investigating Pierre McGuire after the Hartford Whalers protested
that their former head coach may have breached his contract in testifying for
the Edmonton Oilers in an arbitration hearing this week.

At issue is whether McGuire, fired by the Whalers in May, used confidential
Whalers information in his submission to arbitrator George Nicolau in the
compensation hearing that sent defenceman Bryan Marchment to the Oilers after
the Whalers signed ex-Oiler Steven Rice as a free agent.

McGuire has since been hired as a part-time pro scout by the Ottawa Senators.

"I've done nothing wrong in this whole thing, McGuire said in a telephone
interview from his Hartford-area home. "I was asked by (Oilers general manager)
Glen Sather to appear at the arbitration hearing.

"I was being polite and I just told the truth -- I was not in any way trying to
belittle the Hartford Whalers.

The Whalers had offered forwards Robert Kron and Robert Petrovicky as
compensation instead of Marchment, a seven-year pro whom they acquired in a
trade with Chicago and had signed to a three-year, $ 2.35-million U.S. contract.

Whalers GM Jim Rutherford had no comment on the matter. Neither did the NHL.

But McGuire said he spoke with Jeffrey Pash, an NHL vice-president and general
counsel, this week on the matter.

McGuire also said he spoke with Pash before he testified at the arbitration
hearing and his intervention was deemed proper.

The Whalers apparently believe McGuire may have used a player-evaluation book to
supply information to the hearing, which would be a violation of a
confidentiality clause in his contract.

McGuire's Hartford contract calls for him to receive $ 200,000 this season. His
part-time agreement with Ottawa will pay him $ 10,000, meaning the Whalers will
only have to pay $ 190,000. But the Whalers may be balking at that. McGuire said
Friday he has not received a paycheque due this week.

Paying the piper

Rollbacks that hit most NHL training camps this weekend won't affect the Ottawa
Senators because of Ontario labor laws.

The NHL is without a collective bargaining agreement with its players and has
instructed member clubs not to pay travel allowances or per diems during
training camp.

But the Senators and the Toronto Maple Leafs must honor the terms of the expired
collective bargaining agreement until the onset of a strike or lockout.

"If those expenses were negotiated, they have to pay them, said Bob McClelland,
an Ontario labor ministry spokesman. "They have to honor the contract.

That means the Senators won't have to pay their own way to camp, they'll receive
the $ 55 a day meal money and those requiring accommodation will be put up at
the club's expense.

Wilson says no to Senators

NHL veteran Ron Wilson has turned down an offer from the Senators to serve as a
player-coach with the P.E.I. Senators.

Instead, Wilson, who played for the Montreal Canadiens last season, will play
for the Detroit Vipers of the IHL. P.E.I. coach Dave Allison is expected to name
his assistant shortly.

Agent not sure on contract

Radek Bonk's agent, Michael Barnett, was asked Friday whether he and the
Senators are close to reaching agreement on a contract.

"I don't know if we are, although I'd like to be optimistic, said Barnett,
reached at his Los Angeles office. Asked whether Bonk would remain in Las Vegas,
where he has been skating with his former teammates on the Thunder, an IHL club,
Barnett said: "At least he has an attractive option if we don't do a deal. It's
certainly better than going to junior and earning $ 40 a week.

But Barnett said Bonk's desire is to play in the NHL, and they "haven't even
addressed the issue of not reporting to training camp.

Bob Strumm, the Las Vegas general manager, said Thursday that Bonk intends to
report to the Thunder's training camp, which opens next week. Ottawa begins
workouts on Monday. Senators GM Randy Sexton was out of the office on Friday --
to concentrate on the Bonk file -- and did not return a telephone call.



LOAD-DATE: September 5, 1994

LENGTH: 678 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1994 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              995 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                    March 17, 1993, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Difficult name to pronounce an advantage

BYLINE: DEAR ABBY

SECTION: CITYLIFE; DEAR ABBY; Pg. B4


Dear Abby: This is in regard to the letter you received from Mrs. Dow in Florida
who said everyone can say "cow, "now and "how, but she couldn't understand why
people were unable to pronounce "Dow.

When I married, I became "Mrs. Cowan. No one seems able to pronounce it. They
say "Coe-en. There is an advantage, however. I can easily screen my telephone
calls, and in this age of telephone solicitation, that can be a blessing. Anyone
who doesn't know how to pronounce my name doesn't know me, which immediately
causes me to forget that I'm home.

-- A California Cowan

Dear California: If misery loves company, you should be comforted by the
following:

Dear Abby: While I do not belittle the seriousness of Mrs. Dow's problem, if she
thinks she has problems, she should have my name: It's G-O-U-G-H, pronounced
"Goff.

I have had substitute schoolteachers, telemarketers, receptionists, etc. call me
"Mrs. Go, "Mrs. Gowtch and "Mrs. Gootch.

My father told me to say, "It rhymes with 'cough,' but he's a doctor. I usually
get called "Lynette (cough cough) as a response.

I'm told that this is a common name in England. Here, it's a curse. I'm hoping
to marry (quickly) a man with a name like Jones or Smith.

-- Lynette Gough, New Orleans

Dear Abby: I am employed in an office that has several secretaries, assistant
secretaries, typists, etc. I stayed late one evening to write some personal
letters. Another female employee had also stayed after office hours to do some
typing.

On my way to the water cooler to get a drink of water, I passed the boss's
office. His door was about one-third open, and what I saw really shook me up.
This other female employee was going through the boss's wastepaper basket!

I had no idea what she was looking for, but this has been gnawing at me ever
since. I haven't told anyone about it, but I think maybe the boss should know
about this. If you were in my place, would you tell him?

-- Witness

Dear Witness: No. Readers?

(Readers can write to Dear Abby c/o The Ottawa Citizen, 1101 Baxter Rd., Box
5020, Ottawa, K2C 3M4. For a personal, unpublished reply readers should send a
long, self-addressed envelope. Dear Abby will pay for the postage.)



LOAD-DATE: March 18, 1993

LENGTH: 370 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1993 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              996 of 996 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 9, 1981, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Design Notebook;
GREAT BEACH HOUSES DEFER TO THE OCEAN

BYLINE: By

SECTION: Section C; Page 12, Column 1; Home Desk

LENGTH: 1120 words


PAUL GOLDBERGER

EAST HAMPTON, L.I. -Humankind has tried to put almost every type of architecture
beside the sea, and only a few styles have seemed even remotely at home there.
Of course every kind of sublime landscape calls for some restraint - only a fool
would design a house for the desert or the mountains without respect for those
places - but the ocean seems especially to mock the arrogant architect, to make
his or her efforts seem trivial, almost petty.

The greatest beach houses have been those that understood the power of the ocean
and deferred to it, not only in the purely physical sense of being certain that
the structure would not be swallowed up by the elements but in a stylistic sense
as well.

The great shingled houses of the late 19th and early 20th centuries come to mind
here. They are rambling and generous expanses of space - arrogant, perhaps, in
the social sense of the grandiose life style they were designed for, but
architecturally the epitome of modesty.  For all their grandeur, they are
deferential to their surroundings.

The shingled houses of East Hampton and its neighboring villages sit calmly by
the sea. They do not attempt to belittle the ocean or to upstage it as do the
palaces of Newport, glorious confections designed with deliberate indifference
to the landscape they sit beside. How serenely accepting of the ocean is the
shingle style, how nervously defiant of it is the marble palazzo!

Houses That Try to Defy

At first glance nothing could be farther from the grandiose historical piles of
Newport than the sleek wood and glass beach houses that cover so much of Long
Island's South Shore. But these stylistic differences mask a certain conceptual
similarity.

For the new generation of houses by the sea, the sharp, angular structures that
occupy some of East Hampton and far more of Bridgehampton, Westhampton and
Quogue seem, like the great houses of Newport, to be trying to defy the ocean.
They do not accept it: they challenge it.

Now there is nothing brand new about what we might call the basic Long Island
beach-house style - the house of crisp geometries wrapped in vertical cedar
siding, with lots of plate-glass windows and usually a roof that cuts into the
sky at a sharp angle. That style owes much of its form to Charles Gwathmey and
Richard Henderson's house and studio for the painter Robert Gwathmey in
Amagansett, completed in 1967.

But where the Gwathmey house was a subtle play of geometries, the knockoffs have
generally been no more than cheap theatrics. And by now the style has been
reproduced over and over again, cheapened more and more each time, it seems,
covering the beaches and even - Heaven help us - being used to provide the
design for a Burger King in Southampton.

The stretch of the Hamptons known as Dune Road in Westhampton and Quogue has
been particularly afflicted lately. There has been construction along this
beachfront for some years, but it has increased dramatically in the last year or
two, with wild geometries breaking out all over.

Roofs That Slope

There are slanted roofs and sloping roofs and round windows and trapezoidal
windows and octagonal towers, sometimes all in the same building. There are
houses with roofs that slope all the way into the ground, making the whole
structure look like a great shingled bunker, and there are houses that have
roofs going in many directions at once.

It is all a cacophony. One senses that the architects responsible here somehow
thought that building by the sea freed them from the sort of restraints they are
accustomed to operating under elsewhere; perhaps they assumed that the freedom
from the social restrictions of city life that people enjoy at the beach should
be expressed in architectural form.

That is not how it works. Not to sound stuffy about it, but there is a kind of
protocol that all buildings should observe, whatever their functions. And
buildings that will be seen in conjunction with other buildings have a special
responsibility to observe such protocols, to work as parts of greater wholes.

Houses by the sea should not resemble city houses, of course - the expectations,
the protocols, are completely different - but that is hardly license for
architectural anarchy.

There are a couple of exceptions to the mediocre level of quality in the
Westhampton-Quogue stretch of the beach. One is a small house by Charles
Gwathmey and Robert Siegel that is tight and disciplined, its white tautness a
welcome relief from the wildness of its neighbors. Another is a cottage that was
completed recently by Robert A.M.Stern, the architect whose efforts at reviving
the shingle style have been a significant contribution to current domestic
architecture.

Respect for the Traditions

Mr. Stern's house shows a respect for the traditions of turn-ofthe-century beach
architecture, and it seems to sit far more comfortably by the sea than most of
its neighbors.

But even this house has a self-conscious, mannered quality to it.  It is not the
arrogance of silly geometries but the more subtle arrogance of an overload of
architectural elements crammed into a very modest house, as if to show off its
ability at quotation.

But better the pretension of architectural quotation than the pretension of wild
exhibitionism. It is hard, really, to know why the wild geometric forms seem
attractive in the first place. They do not make particular sense as oceanside
houses although they are open and airy, which is a start. They seem so anxious,
so tense, in spite of the fact that they are intended to evoke relaxation.

It must be a comment on something that we find it so difficult, now, to evoke
relaxation in our architecture or that the architecture we create to do that job
is, in fact, anxiety-provoking instead.

It would be nice to be able to believe that there was some sort of intentional
ironic comment being made here, that the architects responsible are telling us
that we are not very good at relaxing and that this is what happens when we try.
But no: The fact of the matter seems to be that the architects themselves are
not very good at relaxing or at expressing it in their work.

The real irony is that at the serene setting of the sea we seem to create forms
that are the opposite of serenity - forms that speak of self-consciousness, of
anxiety and tension. It was so at Newport, and it is so now in the Hamptons.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of geometric houses of wood and glass in the
Hamptons

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company
