
                              501 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 7, 1989, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Face-off: High noon in Hollywoods;
They're trying to grab 'Hollywood'

BYLINE: Mara Giulianti, Guest columnist

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 289 words


Displaying greed and arrogance, the Hollywood Chamber has filed a far-reaching
service-mark application and two more limited trademark applications. Ownership
of a service mark would provide the chamber a potential income of millions at
the expense of communities nationwide. Their ownership of the name would
preclude cities such as mine from expanding their promotions beyond current
markets. Tourist development would be curtailed. Efforts to promote other
Hollywoods could result in forced royalty payments.

Representatives from a dozen different Hollywoods have voted unanimously to join
in vigorous opposition to this outrageous attempt to ignore our past, demean our
present and alter our future. Several of these communities predate Hollywood,
Calif. Others are incorporated cities. Hollywood, Fla., incorporated in 1925,
now has more than 125,000 residents, while Hollywood, Calif., is merely a
district of Los Angeles.

Nothing should sound a warning signal more clearly than the Hollywood Chamber
chief's attempt at downplaying the significance of the action, declaring a
desire to merely ''protect a marketing program which raises a modest amount of
money.'' That's utter nonsense - and transparent. If the U.S. Patent and
Trademark Office should deviate from its policy of not granting trademark status
to geographic designations, no community would be immune from future impact.

All who believe in preserving and protecting the free use of the names of our
cities and towns should join us. A city's name can, does and should mean
different things to different people in this vast country. If the Hollywood,
Calif., business interests win this time, the rest of us lose. It's that simple
- and that complex!

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w (Mara Giulianti)

TYPE: Opinion

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                              502 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                            April 10, 2014 Thursday

Do same-sex couples have right to wed? Appeals court hears first post-DOMA
case.;
A potential landmark case from Utah testing whether same-sex couples enjoy a
constitutional right to marry arrives Thursday before a federal appeals court
panel in Denver.

BYLINE: Warren Richey Staff writer

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 1287 words


A potential landmark case testing whether same-sex couples enjoy a
constitutional right to marry arrives Thursday before a three-judge panel of the
federal appeals court in Denver.

The question of same-sex marriage has divided the country, and the issue is
inevitably headed to the US Supreme Court, perhaps as early as next year.

Currently, 17 states and the District of Columbia recognize same-sex marriages.
In contrast, 33 states restrict marriage to one man and one woman through bans
enacted by statute or constitutional amendment.

Thursday's hour-long argument at the Tenth US Circuit Court of Appeals in Denver
involves a challenge to a 2004 constitutional amendment in Utah banning gay
marriage. It won 66 percent of the vote.

On Dec. 20, US District Judge Robert Shelby declared the Utah amendment
unconstitutional. His was the first such ruling since the Supreme Court struck
down the federal Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) in a landmark decision last
June.

"The state's current laws deny its gay and lesbian citizens their fundamental
right to marry and, in so doing, demean the dignity of these same-sex couples
for no rational reason," he ruled.

Judge Shelby said the state had no justifiable reason to treat same-sex couples
differently than heterosexual couples in Utah. And the judge went substantially
further. He declared that the US Constitution itself requires that Utah allow
same-sex couples to marry.

If upheld by the Tenth Circuit and then the US Supreme Court, Judge Shelby's
decision would mean that every same-sex marriage restriction and ban across the
country must fall.

Since the Utah decision, federal judges in Oklahoma, Texas, Virginia, Michigan,
and Ohio have issued nearly identical rulings that same-sex marriage bans in
those states violate a fundamental right to marry protected by the US
Constitution. All are under appeal.

In addition to hearing the Utah case Thursday, the same three-judge panel on the
Tenth Circuit is set to hear an Oklahoma marriage case on April 17. The other
four appeals are also underway in the Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Circuits.

These cases are only the tip of a litigation iceberg involving nearly 60
lawsuits filed in state and federal courts in 27 states and Puerto Rico
challenging same-sex marriage bans.

This inundation tactic is part of a national strategy by gay rights groups to
flood the country with cases and build a sense of momentum and inevitability for
national recognition of same-sex marriage and gay rights.

Many states and traditional marriage groups are fighting back, hoping to
preserve the status quo view of marriage in their own states. They argue that
the Supreme Court has not yet ruled on the issue and that it is premature for
federal judges and appeals courts to opine on a US constitutional right to
same-sex marriage.

Supporters of the traditional definition of marriage also say that states are
entitled to restrict marriage to male-female unions as long as their citizens
and elected representatives deem them acceptable and appropriate.

These supporters say that if, or when, states embrace broader definitions of
marriage it should come about through debate, public campaigns, and popular
votes, rather than being imposed by unelected federal judges.

At its most basic, the Utah case is a fundamental test of who gets to decide how
the same-sex marriage debate is to be resolved. Will it be decided by judges and
justices, or by the states and voters?

Gay rights advocates insist that the right to marry is a fundamental right that
all citizens enjoy. They are not asking for creation of a new constitutional
right, just a broader application of the existing right, they say.

Lawyers for Utah counter that there is no fundamental right to same-sex
marriage. They say regulation of marriage is within the traditional authority of
each state to decide. Under principles of federalism, the national government
has no business imposing its view in areas reserved to the states.

Rather than trying to impose a solution through the courts, they say, allowing
the issue to proceed on a state-by-state basis through democratic means is more
likely to result in compromise and accommodation.

"Public opinion is apparently in flux," Washington appellate lawyer Gene Schaerr
wrote in his brief to the Tenth Circuit on behalf of Utah.

"No one knows what the ultimate outcome will be, either nationally or in any
given state. But the fact that different states have thus far chosen different
paths is not a sign of political weakness; it is a sign of a healthy and diverse
national republic," he wrote.

The constitutional structure of government is designed in part to foster
experimentation and democratic participation within the states during times of
rapid social change, Mr. Schaerr said. The federal judge's decision in Utah, if
affirmed, would bring that activity to a "screeching halt," he said.

Federal imposition of a one-size-fits-all solution, the lawyer said, would alter
the balance of power between the states and the national government.

Schaerr said that such an approach would "destroy any opportunity for the kind
of democratic compromise and accommodation that could otherwise ultimately
produce, in each state, a peaceful and relatively harmonious resolution of what
is now, in many places, a highly contentious issue."

"The state respectfully asks this court to allow the people of Utah to choose
for themselves how to strike the proper balance," Schaerr said in his brief to
the Tenth Circuit.

Lawyers for same-sex couples in Utah counter that principles of federalism do
not exempt states from the requirement that they uphold the constitutional
rights of their citizens.

A state's power to legislate, adjudicate, and administer all aspects of family
law are subject to scrutiny by the federal judiciary, they say.

"Even when regulating in areas that are properly subject to their regulatory
authority, states must respect fundamental constitutional rights," Kathryn
Kendell of the National Center for Lesbian Rights wrote in her brief to the
Tenth Circuit.

"Indeed, the entire purpose of the Fourteenth Amendment is to prohibit states
from exercising their traditional authority in ways that deprive their citizens
of liberties guaranteed by the federal Constitution," she added.

Ms. Kendell quoted Judge Shelby as having correctly framed the question: "The
issue the court must address in this case is ... not who should define marriage,
but the narrow question of whether Utah's current definition of marriage is
permissible under the Constitution."

Much of this posturing is based on a few paragraphs written by Justice Anthony
Kennedy in last summer's Supreme Court decision in US v. Windsor invalidating
DOMA.

In that case, the court ruled 5 to 4 that the federal government had improperly
intruded into the state's traditional authority to regulate marriage. At issue
was the fact that same-sex couples who had legally married in their home states
were nonetheless barred under DOMA from receiving the same federal benefits as
opposite-sex spouses.

The court said the federal government had to respect the decisions of the states
in conferring equal status and dignity to same-sex married couples.

But what the court did not do is decide the larger, more basic question of
whether same-sex couples have a right under the US Constitution to marry or
whether that is a decision to be left to each state to determine.

That hasn't stopped federal judges and lawyers on both sides of the issue from
drawing from portions of Justice Kennedy's decision in the Windsor case to
support their legal arguments.

Now the task falls to a three-judge appeals court panel in Denver to assess and
judge their work.

The case is Kitchen v. Herbert (13-4178).

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              503 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Education Week

                                 March 29, 2006

Hindu Foundation Sues Calif. Over Middle School Textbooks

SECTION: Pg. 6 Vol. 25 No. 29

LENGTH: 122  words


The Hindu American Foundation has filed a lawsuit against the California state
board of education for its failure to change excerpts in middle school history
textbooks that the group believes demean Hinduism.

The group, based in Tampa, Fla., had recommended hundreds of changes to the
textbooks adopted by the state board last fall.

In the March 16 lawsuit, filed in state superior court in Sacramento, the group
and three parents of public school students also named as plaintiffs push for
changes to the books' portrayal of women's roles in ancient India, the caste
system, and the roots of Hinduism.

State education officials named in the lawsuit could not comment, according to a
spokeswoman for the California Department of Education.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2006 Editorial Projects in Education, Inc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              504 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                   October 19, 1991, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

Braves are in eye of the storm

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. G4

LENGTH: 546 words


Atlanta Braves have caused a bit of a furore with their appearance in the World
Series.

While Nevada bookies are mourning the Braves' presence in the autumn classic
against the equally longshot Minnesota Twins, a coalition of minority groups
says that not only should Atlanta fans stop the tomahawk chop and other antics
that demean Indians, but team owner Ted Turner should rename the club.

In Las Vegas, the bookies say the matchup that will cost legal sports books
millions of dollars no matter who wins as bettors who wagered on the two
pre-season longshots stand to cash in at odds of up to 250-1.

"We've made a lot of happy customers," said Lou D'Amico, sports book director at
Caesars Palace. "The odds were so great on these two teams that it made for some
enormous payouts."

Some books were reported to have lost more than $ 1 million on future book bets
made on the Braves and Twins winning the pennants, while they and others also
stand to lose to bettors who picked the teams to win the World Series.

"There's some people I know, not at our book, who won over $ 250,000," said
Lenny Del Genio, who runs the sports book at Bally's hotel-casino. "I expect
some properties were in major trouble with bets on these teams."

At most sports books, the Braves were as high as 250-1 before the season to win
the World Series, and a bettor could get 100- 1 against Atlanta winning the
National League pennant.

The Twins weren't quite as big a bargain, but even at 75-1 to win the pennant
and 100-1 to win the World Series, bettors were looking at a financial windfall.

Meanwhile, in Minneapolis, American Indian Movement member Bill Means says "you
have to draw the line on good fun when you infringe on ethnic groups."

AIM member Vernon Bellecourt said the coalition would seek a meeting with Turner
to encourage him to set a national example.

Dropping the team name would be a powerful statement against racism, Bellecourt
said, because Indian nicknames in all sports lead to symbols and acts by fans
that misrepresent and dehumanize Indian culture.

A spokesman for Turner in Atlanta said Turner would not comment. Braves' general
manager John Schuerholz said earlier this week that the team views the stadium
antics of Braves' fans as "very positive and certainly doing nothing to
discriminate or in any way negatively impact."

The coalition, which includes the local chapter of the National Association for
the Advancement of Colored People and the Minneapolis Urban League, is supported
by Minneapolis Mayor Don Fraser and the state Indian Affairs Council.

Fraser said his office would mediate any talks between the coalition and Turner.

Indians in Minneapolis and Atlanta said they would protest outside the Metrodome
and Atlanta-Fulton County Stadium before all World Series games.

The Metrodome has no problem with the demonstration as long as protesters don't
interfere with fans going in and out of the stadium.

Fred Veilleux, a member of Concerned American Indian Parents in Minneapolis,
said some coalition members are considering filing a lawsuit. He said he
considers it a violation of federal anti-discrimination laws for an Indian
family to sit in a public stadium and be subjected to racially offensive acts.



LOAD-DATE: October 19, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1991 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              505 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            March 11, 2015 Wednesday

Former area lawmaker Luckie to stay in prison;
Judge denies second appeal for early release.

BYLINE: By Laura A. Bischoff

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 159 words


Former state lawmaker Clayton Luckie is serving 3 years in prison.

COLUMBUS - Former state representative Clayton Luckie's request for early prison
release was denied Tuesday for the second time by Franklin County Common Pleas
Court Judge Colleen O'Donnell.

"Release at this time would demean the seriousness of the offenses," O'Donnell
wrote.

Luckie, 51, is serving a three year prison sentence at Southeastern Correctional
Institution near Lancaster for money laundering, election falsification and
theft.

He entered prison in March 2013 after pleading guilty to charges that he misused
$130,000 from his campaign account between 2006 and 2012 while serving in the
Ohio House. Investigators documented that the Dayton Democrat used his campaign
account to write $9,825 in checks to himself, make cash withdrawals totaling
$19,000 and conduct 800 debit card transactions totaling almost $40,000.

O'Donnell denied Luckie's early release request in 2014 as well.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              506 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                           January 10, 2007 Wednesday

Without playoffs, we'll never know who's really No.1

BYLINE: Column by Carl Steward

SECTION: SPORTS; Carl Steward; San Mateo

LENGTH: 769 words


THIRTY-TWO bowl games later, we finally have a college football champion. Just
like in college basketball, it's Florida.

Unlike in college basketball, the route to the championship was quite different
for the Gators. It was easier. Much easier. For one thing, the other 31
postseason bowl games meant absolutely nothing as far as Florida's BCS
championship game victory was concerned.

Unlike their hoops comrades, the football Gators didn't have to fight through a
series of postseason rounds against the best teams from around the country to
get into a position to pound Ohio State for the title. Thanks to a computer
system, popular sentiment and a seemingly interminable break between games for
the Buckeyes, it was a one-game showdown for all the chips, and the "on" team
impressively raked the pile.

One certainly doesn't want to demean Florida's team or the final cherry to a
grand season. It did win the Southeastern Conference with just one blemish, no
small feat. And Urban Meyer's club played a tremendous and imaginative game,
albeit against a team that had been off for 51 days and very much looked it.

The Gators are deserving champions under the current system. That said, it would
have been so much more convincing had they marched through a 16-team playoff to
do what they did Monday night against an Ohio State team that had done the same.
Maybe then, we could truly believe what we saw.

Impressive as Florida was, the game just felt fluky. And you can bet the
water-cooler talk in Ohio this morning -- and maybe the 48 other states besides
the Sunshine State -- is whetherthe Buckeyes were thrown off their game by their
tremendously long layoff.

It's a valid topic of discussion, one that merits yet more examination of a BCS
system that still seems hopelessly self-serving, not to mention just as flawed
and convoluted. To expect any team to fire on all jets after so much time off
was too much to ask. That definitely didn't look resemble the Ohio State team
that bulldozed through the first three months of the season. It looked like a
team that dozed for the last two.

More than seven weeks of down time represented more than half of a football
season. Ohio State last played a week before Thanksgiving. Florida, by contrast,
played two games after the Buckeyes beat Michigan on Nov.18 and "only" had to
weather a 36-day break.

Goodness, is this any way to hold a representative championship in any sport?

Of course not. And if any more ammunition were needed, it's just another
argument for a playoff system in Division I-A college football. There have been
all sorts of logical playoff proposals involving eight or 16 teams. Why can't
the NCAA powers-that-be in the major conferences get together and make this
right? You know the answer as well as I do: Because it's all about the money,
not the fairness of competition.

No doubt, there were several good games in this year's biggest bowl season ever
and one truly great one, thanks to Boise State. But in the end, they were
nothing more than consolation fodder when it comes right down to it, an
irrelevant bridge to the BCS championship.

Yet too many people continue to submit to this farce of a system. What a shame.
Scarier still is that otherwise rational and upstanding folks in the sports
media, perhaps resigned to the fact that those who control college football will
never give in to a systematic and logical playoff format, are buying into the
propaganda of the BCS process in greater numbers.

Sorry, but to the day they plant me, I'll never be convinced. Maybe Ohio State
vs. Florida was the best match for the championship. But there are still way too
many "what ifs" to feel completely sure about it, and the layoff factor only
adds to the mystery.

Think it's better that the 32 bowl winners got to end the season on a positive
note? Ask the players. Ask the coaches. They'd trade that in a heartbeat for a
chance at a true national championship. Boise State offered the purest proof.
Even after a 13-0 season and a wondrous Fiesta Bowl victory over Oklahoma,
several players were clamoring afterward as to why they couldn't take a shot at
Monday night's winner as well.

Maybe the Broncos shouldn't have to. After all, Boise State is the only unbeaten
team left in Division I-A. Isn't that the stated goal of the BCS system,
achieving perfection? Maybe Boise's No.1, not Florida.

Ridiculous, of course. But as everything about the BCS, it's a matter for
debate. Without playoffs, we never get to the real truth, and we never will
without radical change.

Carl Steward can be reached at (510) 293-2451 or by e-mail at

csteward@angnewspapers.com .

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              507 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                            January 9, 2007 Tuesday

Without playoffs, we'll never know who's really No.1

BYLINE: Column by Carl Steward

SECTION: SPORTS; Carl Steward; San Mateo

LENGTH: 769 words


THIRTY-TWO bowl games later, we finally have a college football champion. Just
like in college basketball, it's Florida.

Unlike in college basketball, the route to the championship was quite different
for the Gators. It was easier. Much easier. For one thing, the other 31
postseason bowl games meant absolutely nothing as far as Florida's BCS
championship game victory was concerned.

Unlike their hoops comrades, the football Gators didn't have to fight through a
series of postseason rounds against the best teams from around the country to
get into a position to pound Ohio State for the title. Thanks to a computer
system, popular sentiment and a seemingly interminable break between games for
the Buckeyes, it was a one-game showdown for all the chips, and the "on" team
impressively raked the pile.

One certainly doesn't want to demean Florida's team or the final cherry to a
grand season. It did win the Southeastern Conference with just one blemish, no
small feat. And Urban Meyer's club played a tremendous and imaginative game,
albeit against a team that had been off for 51 days and very much looked it.

The Gators are deserving champions under the current system. That said, it would
have been so much more convincing had they marched through a 16-team playoff to
do what they did Monday night against an Ohio State team that had done the same.
Maybe then, we could truly believe what we saw.

Impressive as Florida was, the game just felt fluky. And you can bet the
water-cooler talk in Ohio this morning -- and maybe the 48 other states besides
the Sunshine State -- is whetherthe Buckeyes were thrown off their game by their
tremendously long layoff.

It's a valid topic of discussion, one that merits yet more examination of a BCS
system that still seems hopelessly self-serving, not to mention just as flawed
and convoluted. To expect any team to fire on all jets after so much time off
was too much to ask. That definitely didn't look resemble the Ohio State team
that bulldozed through the first three months of the season. It looked like a
team that dozed for the last two.

More than seven weeks of down time represented more than half of a football
season. Ohio State last played a week before Thanksgiving. Florida, by contrast,
played two games after the Buckeyes beat Michigan on Nov.18 and "only" had to
weather a 36-day break.

Goodness, is this any way to hold a representative championship in any sport?

Of course not. And if any more ammunition were needed, it's just another
argument for a playoff system in Division I-A college football. There have been
all sorts of logical playoff proposals involving eight or 16 teams. Why can't
the NCAA powers-that-be in the major conferences get together and make this
right? You know the answer as well as I do: Because it's all about the money,
not the fairness of competition.

No doubt, there were several good games in this year's biggest bowl season ever
and one truly great one, thanks to Boise State. But in the end, they were
nothing more than consolation fodder when it comes right down to it, an
irrelevant bridge to the BCS championship.

Yet too many people continue to submit to this farce of a system. What a shame.
Scarier still is that otherwise rational and upstanding folks in the sports
media, perhaps resigned to the fact that those who control college football will
never give in to a systematic and logical playoff format, are buying into the
propaganda of the BCS process in greater numbers.

Sorry, but to the day they plant me, I'll never be convinced. Maybe Ohio State
vs. Florida was the best match for the championship. But there are still way too
many "what ifs" to feel completely sure about it, and the layoff factor only
adds to the mystery.

Think it's better that the 32 bowl winners got to end the season on a positive
note? Ask the players. Ask the coaches. They'd trade that in a heartbeat for a
chance at a true national championship. Boise State offered the purest proof.
Even after a 13-0 season and a wondrous Fiesta Bowl victory over Oklahoma,
several players were clamoring afterward as to why they couldn't take a shot at
Monday night's winner as well.

Maybe the Broncos shouldn't have to. After all, Boise State is the only unbeaten
team left in Division I-A. Isn't that the stated goal of the BCS system,
achieving perfection? Maybe Boise's No.1, not Florida.

Ridiculous, of course. But as everything about the BCS, it's a matter for
debate. Without playoffs, we never get to the real truth, and we never will
without radical change.

Carl Steward can be reached at (510) 293-2451 or by e-mail at

csteward@angnewspapers.com .

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              508 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            January 9, 2007 Tuesday

College football still needs playoffs

BYLINE: Carl Steward On the BCS

SECTION: Z_SPORTS

LENGTH: 764 words


Thirty-two bowl games later, we finally have a college football champion. Just
like in college basketball, it's Florida.

Unlike in college basketball, the route to the championship was quite different
for the Gators. It was easier. Much easier. For one thing, the other 31
postseason bowl games meant absolutely nothing as far as Florida's BCS
championship game victory was concerned.

Unlike their hoops comrades, the football Gators didn't have to fight through a
series of postseason rounds against the best teams from around the country to
get into a position to pound Ohio State for the title. Thanks to a computer
system, popular sentiment and a seemingly interminable break between games for
the Buckeyes, it was a one game of showdown for all the chips, and the "on" team
impressively raked the pile.

One certainly doesn't want to demean Florida's team or the final cherry to a
grand season. It did win the Southeastern Conference with just one blemish, no
small feat. And Urban Meyer's club played a tremendous and imaginative game,
albeit against a team that had been off for 51 days and very much looked it.

The Gators are deserving champions under the current system. That said, it would
have been so much more convincing had they marched through a 16-team playoff to
do what they did Monday night against an Ohio State team that had done the same.
Maybe then, we could truly believe what we saw.

Impressive as Florida was, the game just felt flukey. And you can bet the
water-cooler talk in Ohio this morning -- and maybe the 48 other states besides
the Sunshine State -- is whether the Buckeyes were thrown off their game by
their tremendously long layoff.

It's a valid topic of discussion, one that merits yet more examination of a BCS
system that still seems hopelessly self-serving, not to mention just as flawed
and convoluted. To expect any team to fire on all jets after so much time off
was too much to ask. That definitely didn't look like the Ohio State team that
bulldozed through the first three months of the season. It looked like a team
that dozed for the last two.

More than seven weeks of down time represented more than half of a football
season. Ohio State last played a week before Thanksgiving. Florida, by
comparison, played two games after the Buckeyes' beat Michigan on Nov. 18 and
"only" had to weather a 36-day break.

Goodness, is this any way to hold a representative championship in any sport?

Of course not. And if any more ammunition were needed, it's just another
argument for a playoff system in Division I-A college football. There have been
all sorts of logical playoff proposals involving eight or 16 teams. Why can't
the NCAA powers-that-be in the major conferences get together and make this
right? You know the answer as well as I do: Because it's all about the money,
not the fairness of competition.

No doubt, there were several good games in this year's biggest bowl season ever
and one truly great one, thanks to Boise State. But in the end, they were
nothing more consolation fodder when it comes right down to it, an irrelevant
bridge to the BCS championship tilt.

Yet too many people continue to submit to this farce of a system. What a shame.
Scarier still is that otherwise rational and upstanding folks in the sports
media, perhaps resigned to the fact that those who run control college football
will never give in to a systematic and logical playoff format, are buying into
the propaganda of the BCS process in greater numbers.

Sorry, but to the day they plant me, I'll never be convinced. Maybe Ohio State
vs. Florida was the best match for the championship. But there are still way too
many "what ifs" to feel completely sure about it, and the layoff factor only
adds to the mystery.

Think it's better that the 32 bowl winners got to end the season on a positive
note? Ask the players. Ask the coaches. They'd trade that in a heartbeat for a
chance at a true national championship. Boise State offered the purest proof.
Even after a 13-0 season and a wondrous Fiesta Bowl victory over Oklahoma,
several players were clamoring afterward as to why they couldn't take a shot at
Monday night's winner as well.

Maybe the Broncos shouldn't have to. After all, Boise State is the only unbeaten
team left in Division I-A. Isn't that the stated goal of the BCS system,
achieving perfection? Maybe Boise's No. 1, not Florida.

Ridiculous, of course. But like everything about the BCS, it's a matter for
debate. Without playoffs, we never get to the real truth, and we never will
without radical change.

Carl Stewart is an Oakland Tribune columnist.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              509 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 17, 1994, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

SUNDAY, APRIL 17, 1994;
Coroner Be Not Proud

SECTION: Section 6;  Page 18;  Column 3;  Magazine Desk

LENGTH: 307 words


The Los Angeles Department of Coroner runs a popular gift shop and mail-order
catalogue. It sells personalized toe-tag key chains, mugs and boxer shorts --
all decorated in good taste, says Alan Velasquez of the coroner's office. For
instance, he says, "the chalk body outlines on the beach towels are more
artistic and rounded than what you would find at a homicide scene."

Given that New York City faces a $2.3 billion deficit and given Mayor Rudolph W.
Giuliani's interest in new sources of revenue, why shouldn't New York also try
to profit from death?

Allan J. Fromberg, spokesman for Mayor Giuliani: "We're all for exploring ways
the city can make money in a tasteful manner. We can sell some ties and tie
tacks as long as it doesn't interfere with the business of the city and doesn't
demean its residents. But a coroner's gift shop is not something we are
discussing."

Joe DePlasco, spokesman for Mark Green, the city's Public Advocate: "I'm not
sure a coroner's gift shop would work so well here. New Yorkers are more
interested in life than death. And toe tags might make it difficult to get your
socks on."

Tom Duane, City Council member: "I see a symbolic tie between this idea and the
Mayor's proposals to cut the division of AIDS services and reduce funding for
child abuse prevention workers. My grandfather used to say: 'Death is a growth
industry. People are dying today who never died before.' "

Fred Siegel, professor of urban history at Cooper Union: "If you made it into a
classy place it would be O.K. But I could imagine them selling Weegee-style
candid shots of famous dead people. Selling mementos of death is bad."

James Toronto, Manhattan Institute, a think tank: "Los Angeles is certainly a
strange place."

Ellen Borakove, spokeswoman, office of the Chief Medical Examiner: "We don't do
that."

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: And how about a nice fedora?

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              510 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                           November 5, 2016 Saturday

Rivals hit radically different Americas;
Clinton targets minority groups as Trump revs up white, working-class base

BYLINE: Jill Colvin And Kathleen Hennessey The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 251 words

DATELINE: ATKINSON, N.H.


Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton charged through vastly different corners of the
U.S. Friday hunting for vastly different voters in a final, frantic push that
traced the country's geographic, racial and economic divides.

Clinton and Democratic allies bounced from city to city. She was to campaign in
urban centres of Detroit, Pittsburgh and Cleveland, while President Barack Obama
was heading to Charlotte, N.C. - all cities where minority voters are crucial.

In Pittsburgh, a city where one in three people is not white, Clinton hammered
Trump as "someone who demeans women, mocks people with disabilities, insults
African-Americans and Latinos and demonizes immigrants and Muslims."

Trump, meanwhile, was on a tour of rural areas, hoping to boost turnout among
the white, working-class voters drawn to his promise to bring back a lost
America.

He started his day Friday in Atkinson, N.H., population 6,800 and almost
98-per-cent white, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. From there, he was bound
for Wilmington, Ohio, another overwhelmingly white town where just 13 per cent
of residents have a college degree.

Speaking more than 3,200 kilometres from the Mexican border, Trump drew loud
cheers in Atkinson when he vowed to build a massive wall between the U.S. and
Mexico. The crowd booed when he contended that Clinton supports "open borders."

Clinton's campaign has announced two more stops in Philadelphia before Tuesday,
while she was due to wrap Friday in Cleveland at a rally with hip-hop artist
Jay-Z.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              511 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 22, 1996, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

TELEVISION REVIEW;
Some Sticky Questions for the Press

BYLINE: By WALTER GOODMAN

SECTION: Section C;  Page 20;  Column 4;  Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 765 words


"Why America Hates the Press," the title of tonight's punchy edition of
"Frontline," is slightly misleading. The press is represented by a highly
unrepresentative gabble of famous and rich television personalities. These
talk-show showboats are criticized for the way they do their jobs, for their
prosperity and for the company they keep; instead of being the little guys'
watchdogs, it is asserted, they have become the fat cats' lap dogs.

The criticisms come not from their audiences, who seem happy to get their
autographs, but from other journalists, notably James Fallows, the editor of
U.S. News and World Report and the author of "Breaking the News: How the Media
Undermine American Democracy"; David Broder, of "Meet the Press" and The
Washington Post, and Howard Kurtz, The Washington Post's media man. (All are
print journalists who have made excursions into television.)

Under particular scrutiny are "The McLaughlin Group" and the regulars on ABC's
"This Week With David Brinkley." Mr. Fallows says that productions like the
McLaughlin show, "Crossfire" and "The Capital Gang" demean and cheapen skilled
journalists "by having them do things they shouldn't do." Mr. Kurtz says, "They
are playing sitcom characters."

For anybody under the impression that the outbursts on "The McLaughlin Group"
are forms of spontaneous combustion, Christopher Hitchens, who has done a turn
or two there, tattles that the performers are given the questions in advance. He
compares the on-screen displays of combat to professional wrestling, and you can
imagine these gladiators rehearsing their fury quietly at home. Jack Germond of
The Baltimore Sun, a voice of reason in the McLaughlin bedlam, concedes that he
contributes to television trash by his presence, but notes that the proceeds put
his daughter through medical school.

Like other talk-show regulars, Mr. Germond has cashed in on the lecture circuit.
"Frontline" reports that lobbying groups pay generously for star communicators:
Sam Donaldson was pocketing $30,000 an appearance, and Cokie Roberts (here given
the title of "the queen of the Beltway") was doing at least as well until ABC
cracked down. There she is, lending her presence to a hospital lobbying group
during the health care debate. The narrator calls it "buckraking."

No evidence is offered that lobbyist largesse has influenced anyone's reporting,
but Mr. Broder observes that it raises the kind of conflict-of-interest
questions that journalists often raise about public officials. Ms. Roberts,
perhaps sharing the prevailing mistrust of the news media, declined to talk to
"Frontline" about her lecture fees.

Attention is also drawn to the shuttlings between politics and journalism of
Washington insiders like David Gergen and George Will, exemplars of the
politico-television complex. Critics suggest that hobnobbing with the officials
one is covering may strain one's objectivity.

It is no secret that television news is packaged entertainment and its
practitioners are, willy-nilly, entertainers. Newspaper reporters have always
played that dual role, too, but as emphasized tonight, commercial television,
the nation's far-flung, high-stakes, nonstop extravaganza, has shifted the
balance and raised the ante. "Why America Hates the Press" cautions that money
and fame are hard to resist. If only America could stop fawning over the news
stars, it might hate them less.

'Nova'
'Secrets of Making Money'
PBS, tonight at 8
(Channel 13 in New York)

Speaking of money: this look at the contest between counterfeiters of America's
currency and its guardians tells as much as most viewers are likely to want to
know about the arcana of paper, watermarks, inks, color, pictures and the means
of foiling fakery. Ben Franklin, whose portrait dominates the new,
harder-to-counterfeit $100 note, still has the last, or first, word on the
subject: "There are three faithful friends: an old wife, an old dog and ready
money."

FRONTLINE
Why America Hates the Press
PBS, tonight at 9
(Channel 13 in New York)

Stephen Talbot, producer. For "Frontline": Sharon Tiller, senior producer;
Michael Sullivan, executive producer; David Fanning, senior executive producer.
"Frontline" is a production of a consortium of public television stations:
WGBH/Boston, WTVS/Detroit, WPBT/Miami, WNET/New York and KCTS/ Seattle.

WITH: David Broder, Jack Germond, Bob Woodward, James Fallows, Howard Kurtz,
Clarence Page, Tom Brokaw, Fred Barnes, Andrea Mitchell, Elizabeth Arnold, Paul
Taylor, Tim Russert, Michael Kelly and R. W. Apple Jr.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Jack Germond (Barbara Haddock-Taylor/Baltimore Sun)

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              512 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                            October 14, 2016 Friday
                             NC Wilmington Edition

BYLINE: NC Nunn Scott

SECTION: 1,A; GateHouse Media GM9; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 593 words


No surprise

The man demeans Mexicans, Muslims, and women; he s a liar, a bully, and a
business cheat; he mocks the disabled, praises dictators, advocates torture, and
encourages violence; he questions the impartiality of an Hispanic judge,
pacifies his KKK supporters, and perpetuates a racist campaign to discredit the
president; he says that if he loses the election is rigged. Now tape shows that
he is also a sexual predator, and suddenly he s crossed a line?

Todd Berliner

Wilmington

Third World USA

It took over 200 years, but we have finally achieved the status of a Third World
nation.

In a country with such great intellectual and material wealth, our choice for
president is between a corrupt oligarch politician who controls enviable media
and political machines, and a guy whose only qualification is that he made a lot
of money   and is not his opponent.

Regardless of who wins, something less than half of voters will literally hate
the president. Nothing will get done. Both candidates have demonstrated
character flaws that make neither fit for office, which is generally a good
description of the winner in any Third World nation.

We should be ashamed to air this contest before the world. At least a Trump win
would save us from another Clinton White House, but at what price?

Ron Cerra

Wilmington

Time to vote

Donald Trump fans will not  drop  him so we must  vote  in record numbers to
stop  him. Their forgiveness of Trump s actions is the same as a mother telling
the judge her son stabbed his first wife in the back, cheated on his two
girlfriends, set the house on fire, drove the family car into a large tree and
killed a Mexican Catholic priest, a Muslim imam and a black preacher, but he is
still a  good  boy.

Early voting starts on October 20   my 71st birthday. I will vote that day. Will
you?

James J. Hankins

Wilmington

Poor leadership

In a front page article in the StarNews, New Hanover County Board of Education
member Tammy Covil was reported to have said students at Snipes Elementary don t
want to learn because they don t have to learn, they re all on government
assistance.

Besides providing stunning insight into the mindset of a person whose decisions
have impacted schools, children, and families in New Hanover County for a number
of years, this statement points to another phenomenon I have noticed in my work
with schools and school districts.

Skilled and competent teachers, administrators, and board members set high
expectations for young people, and then provide the encouragement, resources,
and support to help students reach those goals. On the other hand, weak and
ineffective teachers, administrators, and board members simply deflect
responsibility and blame the kids (or their families) for their own failures or
for failures of the system. I m afraid Tammy Covil s public comments place her
into the latter category.

Many studies have proven that adult beliefs and expectations strongly influence
student learning and performance. Covil s public statement that kids living on
government assistance have no incentive to learn not only communicates
tragically low expectations, but shapes how kids think of themselves and their
own ability to learn and perform.

Words matter. I wonder if Ms. Covil s words landed on the hearts and minds of
the students, families, and educators at Snipes Elementary School with the same
dull thud that they landed on mine? I wonder how such beliefs impact the
learning and growth of young people in our community? I wonder why we elect such
people to our school board?

Jim Kistner

Wilmington

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              513 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                              March 2, 1998 Monday

'IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT';
AUTHOR VICKI LANSKY'S NEW BOOK HELPS PARENTS AND KIDS WORK THROUGH THEIR
FEELINGS ABOUT DIVORCE TOGETHER.

BYLINE: Ellen Tomson, Staff Writer

SECTION: EXPRESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1290 words


In Vicki Lansky's latest book, "It's Not Your Fault, KoKo Bear," MaMa Bear and
PaPa Bear each say that they love their little KoKo, and that "it's OK for you
to love each of us even if we're divorced."

Lansky says she edited that particular message many, many times as she wrote the
book.

"I wanted to sneak this in so that parents had to say it, but it's hard for many
parents," says Lansky, because of their own negative feelings toward one
another.

Lansky urges parents to try to work through those feelings for the sake of their
children.

"What you think is your own stuff in your divorce is really your child's, too,"
she says. "And when you have a knot in your stomach, your kids do too."

Demeaning your "ex," she adds, "demeans the child because that child is part of
that parent."

A parenting expert as well as an author, Lansky says divorce in itself doesn't
damage children but how parents handle divorce can.

That's why she wrote "It's Not Your Fault, KoKo Bear," a read-together book
about divorce for children ages 3 to 7 and their parents.

The story features the lovable, unisex KoKo Bear. KoKo's experience helps
children understand what divorce means, how family life will change and, most
importantly, that the divorce is not their fault.

Giving the same messages

About 6 million children younger than 6 are affected by divorce at any given
time in the United States. About 63 percent of those children continue to have
relationships with both parents, says David Levy, president of the Washington,
D.C.-based Children Rights Council, which works to maintain children's rights to
contact with both parents.

The KoKo Bear story targets children who will continue to have both parents play
active roles in their lives and is not meant for children for whom a divorce
results in a long-distance or essentially absent parent.

Lansky, a divorced mother with two children, encourages parents to allow the
KoKo Bear book to travel back and forth so it can be read in each parent's home.

"By the mere act of reading the book, each parent will be forced to give the
same messages to their child," Lansky says.

At the bottom of each page in the book, are short, practical tips for parents
that relate to the illustrations and text of KoKo Bear's story.

Some of the messages can be painful for angry or bitter parents to deliver, and
Lansky admits they may sometimes be read aloud through gritted teeth.

Yet Lansky, also the author of "Divorce Book for Parents," published in 1989,
says many parents will not buy a book about divorce for their own benefit. They
are more likely to buy a book on divorce because they "don't want to mess up
their kids."

For parents who do not have a high reading level or do not want to wade through
a lot of material, a children's book has advantages, Lansky notes.

Connected forever

But writing a children's book that is both an easy-to-read story and a parenting
guide was a puzzle to put together, Lansky says.

Lansky consulted with family counselors, a divorce lawyer, friends who have
divorced and therapists as she wrote drafts of the text.

The therapists, especially, liked a page of questions that asks a child, "How do
you think KoKo feels? Should KoKo talk about these feelings? What should MaMa
and PaPa Bear say to KoKo? Do you ever have feelings like KoKo's?"

Says Adaire Lassonde, coordinator of Catholic Charities Office for Separated and
Divorced in St. Paul, "There are lots of suggestions about what you might ask
your kid and talk to your kid about."

Lassonde says Lansky's message about the continuing responsibility of parents to
their children after divorce is one she emphasizes when counseling couples at
her office.

"I tell them, 'You are forever going to be connected because you have this
child,"' Lassonde says. "If you can make that relationship at least a good
business relationship, you will do so much to help your child."

KoKo Bear travels back and forth and spends nights with each parent after the
parents divorce, but the story does not reveal how much time is spent with each
one.

This is in keeping with a trend in the counseling field away from the use of the
word "visitation" to describe a parent's or child's time with one another,
Lassonde says. Instead, counselors emphasize "co-parenting."

"Nobody should have to 'visit' their child," Lassonde says. "And children of
this age - minor children - should not have to 'visit' their parent."

Of the handful of books written for children about divorce, "It's Not Your
Fault, KoKo Bear," and "Dinosaurs Divorce" by Marc Brown stand out because they
deliver a universal message, says Michele Cromer-Poire, co-owner of The Red
Balloon Bookshop in St. Paul.

Both books, she says, "reassure children that their mom is always their mom and
will always love them, and their dad is always their dad and will always love
them."

"Both Vicki and I have been there," says Cromer-Poire about divorce. " I think
she does a really good job treating all the people involved in KoKo Bear's world
fairly and giving KoKo Bear the idea that it really isn't KoKo Bear's fault."

Kids can cope

There are notes of humor, as well as reality, in KoKo Bear's story: A camping
picture that hangs over the couch in the home MaMa Bear and PaPa Bear share
before the divorce appears later in the book over a different couch at PaPa
Bear's house. KoKo Bear travels back and forth between parents with a "bearpack"
backpack that is hung from a bedpost when KoKo Bear is visiting MaMa Bear and a
chair when visiting PaPa Bear.

One day after KoKo Bear tells MaMa Bear that the divorce "sometimes makes me mad
and sometimes makes me sad," the two pick a future day on their calendar to mark
as a "feelings-check day." If KoKo Bear's mad and sad feelings are not gone by
that day, they will repeat the process until they come to a "feelings-check day"
when they are, his mother proposes.

On the last page of the book, KoKo Bear discovers a "feelings-check day" on the
calendar and realizes the mad or sad feelings are gone. KoKo Bear understands
that though the parents are divorced, KoKo Bear is not divorced from anyone.

One therapist Lansky consulted with for the book criticized the upbeat ending to
KoKo Bear's experience, according to Lansky. Miriam Galper Cohen, the author of
a book about long-distance parenting, "sees divorce as more problematic for kids
than I do," Lansky says.

"But it was my book, so I got to say kids can - and do - get over divorce," she
says.

More than 15 years after her own divorce, Lansky's children are young adults,
and she takes great pride in them. Her son, Douglas, a graduate of Colorado
College, spent two years backpacking around the world and now writes a
syndicated newspaper travel column (it appears Sundays in the Pioneer Press
Travel section). Her daughter, Dana, graduated from Harvard College and now
attends Harvard Law School.

When Lansky's son and daughter come to town, they go out to dinner together with
her and their father, Lansky says.

"We can be friendly when together, and we all have fun," she says. "I don't
think divorce devastates everyone."

Tips for parents

Vicki Lansky's Tips for Parents (from "It's Not Your Fault, KoKo Bear") include:

Children should never be asked who they want to live with or to take sides in
one parent's anger toward the other.

It is important to give your child permission to love the other parent.

Familiar routines, especially at bedtime, are important and will be comforting
to your child.

Parenting plans, like clothes, will be outgrown from year to year and will need
to be altered.

Time smooths out most problems, but shared parenting - like life - is never
perfect.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 2 Photos:
1 Photo: Craig Borck, Pioneer Press
Vicki Lansky, holding KoKo Bear, her latest book's lead character,
believes that children can and do bounce back after their parents
divorce.
2) "It's Not Your Fault, KoKo Bear": A read-together book for parents
and young children during divorce; Vicki Lansky; $5.99; Book Peddlers,
Minnetonka, Minn.

                     Copyright 1998 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              514 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                           November 16, 2004 Tuesday

Northeast should begin reaching out

SECTION: LETTERS

LENGTH: 328 words


To the Editor of THE EAGLE:-

What is it with the people from the Northeast? It's not only Ray Warner's letter
[Eagle, Nov. 9], but day after day, before and after the election, the letter
writers in The Eagle show an intolerance for the opinions of others. Are
Massachusetts voters so elitist that they believe if people voted for George
Bush that they are mindless?

Yes, I was disappointed also in the outcome of the election. No, I was more than
disappointed. I'm downright scared. I still have two more years to serve in the
Reserves and I'm frightened that once President Bush gets hold of Social
Security that civil service retirees like me will not see much in the way of
Social Security benefits, even though some of us paid into the Social Security
pension fund. I'm frightened that the next four years might be worse than the
last four years under the president.

But I feel it's harmful to demean the good people of states like Louisiana,
Mississippi, and the Midwest for their votes.

I read that many traditional Catholics and Evangelicals who normally stay at
home or vote Democratic came out and voted for George Bush this time. Perhaps
the attitudes of many Democrats push these voters further and further away from
the Democratic Party. These voters are clearly conflicted but apparently they
feel that they have been ignored and insulted enough.

I felt that John Kerry ran a fine campaign and was by far the better candidate.
However, to react like Mr. Warner and others only serves to further alienate us.
Instead of belittling others for their votes, maybe the Democratic Party should
review some of its attitudes and policies.

One last thing. The neo-conservatives who pushed for this war with Iraq resemble
liberals far more than true conservatives like Sen. Robert Taft and President
Reagan. So please, letter writers, stop blaming the conservatives for this
colossal George Bush tragedy.

RICHARD COUGHLIN

Pittsfield, Nov. 2004

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

   Copyright 2004 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.


                              515 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            December 3, 2013 Tuesday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Alden plays it cautious in BCS debate An SEC championship won't guarantee Mizzou
or Auburn a crack at the national title. MIZZOU FOOTBALL

BYLINE:  By Dave Matter dmatter@post-dispatch.com 314-340-8508

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 710 words


COLUMBIA, Mo. o After Auburn athletics director Jay Jacobs said it would be
"un-American" for a one-loss team from the Southeastern Conference to sit out
the BCS national championship game, his counterpart in Saturday's SEC title game
took a more subtle approach at the hottest topic in college football.

Just like No. 3 Auburn, No. 5 Missouri is 11-1 heading into Saturday's game at
the Georgia Dome in Atlanta. The winner receives an automatic spot in a BCS
game, most likely the Sugar Bowl, the league's longtime partner in New Orleans.
But if undefeated No. 1 Florida State and undefeated No. 2 Ohio State win their
respective conference championship games - the Atlantic Coast and the Big Ten -
Jacobs made it clear he believes a one-loss SEC champion should play for the
national title ahead of an unbeaten champion from another conference.

Does Missouri athletics director Mike Alden agree? He had a more diplomatic
response during Monday's "Tiger Talk'' radio show in Columbia.

"Jay Jacobs and I have known each other for a long time," Alden said. "He's a
great guy. I have a lot of respect for him.

"As we would look at it, we believe the SEC is the toughest conference in
America. There's no doubt about that. That's not to demean any other league.
Clearly, week in week out, the competition in the SEC, the intensity in our
venues, the crowds that show up, the commitment toward football in this league
is second to none in the country. So, when you look at that, you have to look at
the entire body of work. That's probably what Jay was talking about."

Under the new playoff structure that replaces the BCS next year, a one-loss SEC
champion would be assured a spot in one of two national semifinals. For now,
though, the SEC probably needs Florida State or Ohio State to lose to underdogs
Duke or Michigan State, respectively, Saturday. Otherwise, the SEC's run of
national championships probably will stop at seven.

"At the end of the day, the BCS is what it is," Alden said. "This, the last
year, they're going to decide who the No. 1 team and No. 2 team is. Whoever that
ends up being, it's great that Mizzou is in the conversation there and we have
all those chips out in front us this Saturday."

SOLD OUT

Missouri sold its allotment of 16,000 tickets for Saturday's SEC game by Sunday
morning, Alden said. MU had sold approximately 10,000 through presale offers
before the Tigers' victory over Texas A&M on Saturday night.

"I think that's a remarkable statement by our fan base," Alden said, "that they
turned around that quickly, showed their commitment and thousands people from
the Missouri Tigers will be there in Atlanta."

The Georgia Dome, less than two hours away from Auburn, Ala., has a capacity of
73,000.

CHRISTENSEN FIRED

Former Missouri assistant Dave Christensen was fired Sunday after five seasons
as the head coach at Wyoming. Christensen, Mizzou's offensive coordinator from
2001-08, was 27-34 at Wyoming and took the Cowboys to bowl games in two of his
first three seasons. The team was just 9-15 the last two seasons.

Missouri safeties coach Alex Grinch was on Christensen's staff from 2009-11
before returning to MU, where he previously had been a graduate assistant.

"It's a very tough place to recruit and a tough place to re-recruit athletes
because they're far from home," Grinch said. "The recruiting base is very, very
tough, so it's hard to sustain (success). But I have tremendous respect for
'Coach C,' and I'm very confident he'll get another opportunity to be a head
coach or certainly as an offensive coordinator. He's a guy who gets it and can
flat-out coach."

HONOR ROLL

Missouri handed out its team awards at Sunday's team banquet, including season
MVP honors for defensive end Michael Sam. Heading into Saturday's game, Sam has
an SEC-best 10.5 sacks and 18 tackles for loss. Sam needs one more sack to match
Aldon Smith's single-season Mizzou record, set in 2009.

"When you do it to the level he's done it, it's because you play competitively
at a different level than the people you're playing against play in, play out,"
coach Gary Pinkel said.

Cornerback E.J. Gaines was named the SEC co-defensive player of the week Monday.
Gaines helped hold Texas A&M receiver Mike Evans to four catches for a
career-low 8 yards Saturday.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo by ASSOCIATED PRESS - Missouri athletics director Mike Alden
says he's simply glad that Mizzou is in the discussion for determining a
national champion.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              516 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education

                             August 11, 2006 Friday

State News In Brief

BYLINE: ANNE K. WALTERS

SECTION: GOVERNMENT & POLITICS; Pg. 22 Vol. 52 No. 49

LENGTH: 547 words


EVOLUTION WINS: The results of a Kansas primary have changed the balance of
power on the State Board of Education, which moved last year to include
intelligent design as a theory in school science curricula. The decision had
been widely criticized by higher-education leaders, who feared that it would
demean the quality of science education in the state. In the primary, a
Democratic member of the board retained her seat, and two moderate Republicans
beat conservative Republicans, effectively shifting the composition of the
board, which had had a 6-to-4 conservative majority.

JOB CUTS: The president of the University of North Carolina system, Erskine B.
Bowles, has announced a 10-percent cut in the system's administrative budget and
a plan to eliminate some 15 jobs in order to direct more money to academics. His
plan would reduce the budget by $1.3-million and cut administrative positions,
including four vice presidents and six associate vice presidents or directors.

LOGGING CONTROVERSY: A group of researchers at Oregon State University College
of Forestry is publishing a response to a study by one of the institution's
graduate students that drew attention during a Congressional debate on a
controversial logging technique. The original study, published in the journal
Science, questioned the effectiveness of salvage logging, which removes dead
trees from forests after a fire. It had drawn sharp criticism from politicians
and from other researchers at the university. The response to the study appeared
in the August 4 issue of Science, alongside a defense of the original study.

DEGREE OUTREACH: The president of the University of Tennessee System, John D.
Petersen, is touring the state promoting a strategic plan that sets goals for
student access, student success, economic development, outreach, and
globalization. When Mr. Petersen reached the Chattanooga campus, he said the
university would propose a plan to the governor, Phil Bredesen, a Democrat, to
increase the number of college graduates in the state by nine percentage points.

REGENT INVESTIGATED: Kentucky's governor, Ernie Fletcher, a Republican,
appointed Erwin Roberts, a former state personnel secretary, to the University
of Kentucky Board of Trustees, just days after Mr. Roberts was named as an
unindicted co-conspirator in an investigation of the administration's hiring
practices. Governor Fletcher, who has pleaded not guilty, is set to face trial
on charges that he violated the state's merit-hiring system law by rewarding
allies with civil-service jobs and punishing opponents. A filing in the case
last month named Mr. Roberts as one of 11 unindicted co-conspirators. Mr.
Roberts said he did not expect his involvement in the case to affect his ability
to serve on the board.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2006 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved


                              517 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 20, 1997, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Tot's image stabs at hearts again Cartoon protesting McVeigh's penalty opens old
wounds

BYLINE: Martha T. Moore

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 700 words


To protest the death penalty in the trial of Timothy McVeigh,
Pulitzer Prize-winning editorial cartoonist Steve Benson used
the most powerful image of the Oklahoma City bombing: A firefighter
carrying the body of a child from the wreckage of the Alfred P.
Murrah Federal Building.

Now firefighters and Oklahoma City residents, including the baby's
mother, are protesting that the cartoon is in poor taste and demeans
the heroism of rescue efforts. The governor of Oklahoma wrote
an angry letter to Benson's newspaper, the Arizona Republic
in Phoenix. The national firefighter's union is demanding
an apology. The newspaper and United Features Syndicate have gotten
calls and e-mail objecting to the cartoon.


But Benson says that being provocative is his job.

"Art is intended to grab you in the gut and to twist," he says.
"This cartoon was meant to cause introspection and self-examination,
and often that kind of brutal honesty causes pain."

After the April 19, 1995 bombing, the photograph of firefighter
Chris Fields with the body of one-year-old Baylee Almon in his
arms almost instantly became a worldwide symbol for the tragedy.
The photo won a Pulitzer Prize last year.

On June 11, while the jury in the McVeigh trial deliberated whether
he should be put to death for the bombing, Benson used the image
in a cartoon for the Arizona Republic.

Other cartoonists also used the image, but only Benson's caused
an outcry. In Benson's cartoon the firefighter is labeled "Death
Penalty Fanatics." The baby says, "Please, no more killing."
The firefighter responds, "Oh, stop your whining."

"I've killed a lot of cartoons. This one I thought was fair,"
says editorial page editor Paul Schatt. "Very strong. Very tough,
but I thought it was acceptable."

A firefighter's wife spotted the syndicated cartoonist's work
in the Spokane Spokesman-Review and sent it to Oklahoma
City fire officials.

"That picture is very sacred to us," said John Hansen, assistant
fire chief in Oklahoma City. "The comment he's having a firefighter
make to a child . . . that was just totally uncalled for."

Baylee's mother, Aren Almon Kok, told the Associated Press the
cartoon is "tacky" and "distasteful."

"I think he does owe an apology -- not just to me but to a lot
of people," she said. "He has just ripped my life open again."

Editorial cartoonists routinely use well-known images as the basis
for their work -- the more recognizable the image the better.

But the memories of the Oklahoma City tragedy are still fresh.
The photograph, however famous, is barely two years old -- recent
enough that many find its use as an icon painful.

"All of the family members and the survivors understand that
it's going to go down in history," says Bud Welch, whose daughter
died in the explosion and who is director of the Oklahoma City
Memorial Foundation. "I just think the photo of Baylee should
be treated with respect. They failed to do that in their paper."

Paul Heath, president of the Murrah Building Survivors Association,
says, "I have a picture of that child that I took in the day
care center, that I see in my closet every morning." He says
he realizes that the baby he knew has become a symbol.

Still, he says, the cartoon twists the meaning. Using the child's
body to make a statement about the death penalty "is a little
bit far afield from reality."

Benson first used the firefighter image in a cartoon that ran
the day of the jury's guilty verdict. In that drawing, the firefighter
was labeled "Justice," and the baby was shown giving a thumbs-up
sign.

For that cartoon, "I got calls of commendation and agreement,"
Benson says. Objections to the second cartoon are "not because
I've used the image again or used the image at all, but because
I've used the image to make a statement with which the readers
disagree."

Benson, who won his Pulitzer Prize in 1993, says, "For all the
pain and the complaining and the objections that this cartoon
is generating, it is hopefully contributing to a national discussion.
. . . Is it appropriate for a society to kill in the name of life?"

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CARTOON, B/W, Steve Benson, United Feature Syndicate; CARTOON, B/W,
Britt, Copley News Service; CARTOON, B/W, Steve Breen, Asbury Park Press;
CARTOON, B/W, Marshall Ramsey, The Clarion-Ledger; PHOTOS, B/W, AP (2)

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              518 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 5, 1992, Thursday, Final Edition

The Redskin Issue

SECTION: OPINION EDITORIAL; PAGE A20

LENGTH: 322 words


THE NATIONALLY televised sight of all those Atlanta Braves baseball fans doing
the tomahawk chop, beating drums and wailing their ersatz war chants did more
than set off a series of protests during the World Series; it also brought
renewed attention to an unpleasant fact that Washington football fans have been
pushing under the rug for many years: that the time-hallowed name bestowed upon
the local National Football League champions -- the Redskins -- is really pretty
offensive. Coming to the same view, D.C. Council member William P. Lightfoot and
seven other council members have sponsored a resolution urging the team's owner
to change the name. With a majority already lined up behind the measure, the
sense of the council is clear. "This is simply the right thing to do," he said.
He is correct, and now is the time to do it.

The name has, of course, been easily used for many years all over town,
including in these pages, without a thought of its giving offense. Clearly, most
Washington football fans lustily sing "Hail to the Redskins" out of love for the
team and without the slightest intent to slur, embarrass or demean American
Indians. It's also true that the team name was chosen in 1933 by founder and
long-time owner George Preston Marshall -- and is defended by today's owner,
Jack Kent Cooke -- because of a professed admiration rather than scorn for
American Indians.

But to say that the use of the term "Redskins" is well-intentioned or that it is
not meant to be objectionable sidesteps the real issue. This is not a term
fashioned by American Indians. The nickname was assigned to them, just as the
pejorative designation "darkies" was once imposed on African-American slaves.
That was wrong then; this is wrong now. That the usage is common and innocently
repeated out of habit makes it no less of an insensitive or insulting remark to
those who are on the receiving end. We can do better.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              519 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 11, 1995, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Mitigate the Death Penalty

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 18;  Column 1;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 469 words


Gov. George Pataki and New York State Assembly leaders have been huddling in
secret to draft a death-penalty bill that the State Legislature will then pass
with little debate or scrutiny. That is the usual way Albany does business. It
is an unacceptable way to deal with an odious measure of great consequence.

Any bill the leaders compose must be fully aired in legislative hearings, with
experts and lay witnesses testifying about its constitutionality, the practice
of other states, the costs and the procedures needed to insure fairness.

This page has long opposed capital punishment as a barbaric reaction to violent
crime, a state-sanctioned killing that demeans society without increasing its
safety. Death-penalty proponents have not proved that executions deter murders
or have any advantage over a sentence of life without parole. The laws are often
administered in a racially discriminatory way, disproportionately dealing out
death sentences when the victim is white compared with similar cases where the
victim is black. But if the Governor and Legislature are determined to enact
capital punishment, they have a solemn duty to make the law as fair as possible.

Any death-penalty law must include adequate staffing for defense and
prosecution. Many states pay appointed counsel an hourly rate so low that few
working lawyers will take it. New York should not be one of the states that
refuses to recognize and pay the true costs of adequate representation.

The law must require prosecutors to declare early in a case whether they will
seek the death penalty and guard against hiding exculpatory evidence. Fair
appellate procedures must include an adequate chance to raise claims of
innocence and not allow executions like that of Dwayne Jacobs in Texas last
month for a crime the prosecution said in open court he had not committed.

Jurors must be given the option to impose, as an alternative to death, a
sentence of life without parole. Governor Pataki, who co-sponsored a Senate
proposal along these lines, can endorse this option without fear of a "soft on
crime" label.

Any death bill should exclude the mentally retarded or juveniles. New York must
explore safeguards where possible against all-white juries trying minority
defendants or the reverse. The law will need a racial justice provision to
counter the pattern in many states of condemning to death defendants convicted
of killing whites but not blacks.

If capital punishment must return to the state, full, open hearings are
essential to insure that it is imposed carefully. New Yorkers should not delude
themselves that it will be administered fairly in practice or deal equally with
the rich and poor. But they can insist that their state not join the
jurisdictions with the most unfair procedures and practices.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              520 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   July 8, 1991, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Court Choice Puts Nation's Racial Legacy on Table

BYLINE: By LINDA GREENHOUSE,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 9; Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 1030 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 7


It is 13 years since the Supreme Court ruled in the case of Allan Bakke that
while public universities could not set strict racial quotas in admissions they
could achieve diversity by considering the race of their applicants.

"In order to get beyond racism, we must first take account of race," Justice
Harry A. Blackmun wrote in a separate opinion. It was a succinct and powerful
statement of the rationale for affirmative action, the code words for policies
intended to compensate blacks for their historical exclusion from the full range
of economic and educational opportunities. That rationale still underlies as
much of the Court's legacy in this area as has survived the erosion of the
intervening years.

But to Clarence Thomas, President Bush's Supreme Court nominee, taking account
of race in government policy is itself the essence of racism, a harmful and
constitutionally impermissible approach that demeans and discourages black
achievement.

Thomas's View of Racism

In his view, as expressed in speeches, articles and interviews over the last
several years, racism is an enduring reality that American society is unlikely
ever to "get beyond" in any event, and the Government can best serve racial
minorities by treating all people equally.

Judge Thomas has been forceful and articulate in this view. It brought the young
black lawyer to the attention of the Reagan Administration, propelling him to
the chairmanship of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, to a Federal
judgeship and to the threshold of the Supreme Court.

His nomination brings the polarities in the country's view of affirmative action
to the fore as the long-running debate over civil rights legislation has not
really managed to do.

While the legislative debate has often appeared to be mired in legal
technicalities, this one promises to get back to principles, much as the battle
over Robert H. Bork's nomination to the Supreme Court four years ago engaged the
public in a debate over the constitutional dimensions of privacy. The question
this time is the relationship between the country's racial past and its present,
and the degree to which modern legal and constitutional understanding should
reflect what has gone before.

Potential Court Role

If Judge Thomas joins the Court, this abstract inquiry will very quickly take
concrete form. The Court has agreed that in its next term it will decide two
important cases involving the legacy of official segregation.

His confirmation would put him in a position to influence a Court that is very
much in flux on the full range of questions about public policy and race.

One case to be argued in the fall, Freeman v. Pitts, involves a suburban Atlanta
school district that was formerly segregated by law and has been under Federal
court supervision since the 1960's.

The other case, United States v. Mabus, concerns Mississippi's public university
system, once segregated by law and and still essentially a dual system that is
almost completely separated by race.

In both cases, the issue is whether the government agencies in question have met
their constitutional obligation to dismantle the legacy of segregation.

The future of hundreds of public school systems in the South as well as the
outlook for many historically black colleges will be shaped by what the Court
decides.

While the Court's current majority clearly wants to be able to return school
systems to local control and to get Federal judges out of the business of
administering local government institutions, Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist
has lacked the votes to do so. Even after Justice William J. Brennan Jr. retired
last year, there was a kind of deadlock as long as Justice Thurgood Marshall
remained on the Court.

Affirmative Action Issues

Several times in the last term, the Court denied review in cases presenting
affirmative action questions that might have been vehicles for the Court to
expand on its recent rulings in that area. The Court does not explain its
refusal to hear a case, but a likely explanation is that Chief Justice Rehnquist
could not be sure he would have the votes to accomplish the results he wanted.

In short, there could not have been a more consequential moment for Justice
Marshall to retire and for Judge Thomas to be in a position to succeed him. "The
modern story of the Supreme Court has centrally been about race," Paul Gewirtz,
a professor at Yale Law School, said in an interview.

He added: "Race has also been the centerpiece of Thomas's public career. We know
he is not simply another judge who is likely to move the Court in a conservative
direction. His public career has stood for a set of ideas about race that have
been at odds with the central story on the Court. He is engaged with this
largest issue of American history in an utterly authentic and personal way."

With the stakes so clear, the confirmation process is likely to be polarizing
and divisive. But the intriguing question remains whether, assuming Judge Thomas
is confirmed, his contribution to this debate as a Supreme Court Justice might
not eventually help bring an end to the polarization over how to deal with the
country's racial legacy.

Equally intriguing is how Judge Thomas will come to terms, publicly and
privately, with the richly ironic combination of politics and historical
imperative that has brought him to this moment. His entire career has been spent
arguing that race must be treated as irrelevant in government policy, yet its
relevance to his selection Monday is beyond question.

President Bush chose not to acknowledge the paradox, simply proclaiming his
nominee the best possible choice, Judge Thomas himself will no doubt be pressed
harder during his confirmation hearing, and he will no doubt have an eloquent
response at the ready to explain the apparent contradiction between his life
story and his life's work.

The challenge, assuming he is confirmed, is whether he can reconcile the two in
an approach to the law that contains both the intellectual rigor he prizes and
the humanity that the Court and the country may need.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News Analysis

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              521 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 28, 1988, Friday, Late City Final Edition

Dukakis Favors Weapons Policies That Work;
Freeze Isn't Unilateral

SECTION: Section A; Page 34, Column 6; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 420 words


To the Editor:

One aspect of the Oct. 13 Presidential election debate between Vice President
Bush and Gov. Michael S. Dukakis has failed to receive the attention it merits.

Not once but several times Mr. Bush went out of his way to bash Governor
Dukakis's support of a verifi-able bilateral (Soviet and American) nuclear
weapons freeze. ''Thank God, the freeze people were not heard'' and ''The
discredited freeze people'' were among his more gentle ways of referring to his
adversary by implication - and the Vice President did not hesitate to make
liberal (you should pardon the expression) use of half-truths and whole lies,
especially by crafty repetition of the word ''unilateral'' to smear proponents
as soft-headed, soft on Communism or both.

As one who worked with thousands of citizens, and indirectly with millions, I
never encountered or heard of any who favored a unilateral freeze.

The Americans that Mr. Bush demeans and insults by these tactics are mainstream
Americans such as the country's Roman Catholic bishops, leaders of many other
religious denominations, prominent members of both major political parties,
including United States senators and representatives, retired admirals and
generals and former diplomats.

In addition, Vice President Bush's contempt is an assault upon the common sense
of close to four million citizens of my state, California, whose votes brought
victory for the 1982 statewide bilateral nuclear weapons freeze initiative, a
political catalyst that did much to activate millions more concerned Americans
in other states and communities in what became, that year, the largest de facto
national referendum on a single issue in the history of our country.

When President Reagan was gracious enough to meet with me in the Oval Office,
allowing me to deliver the election document, he understood that I spoke as the
representative of our fellow Californians who had voted in favor of the freeze.
To what extent he was subsequently influenced, if at all, by this message from
the people, I do not know.

What I do know is that his would-be successor has debased and demeaned millions
of well-meaning citizens who took democracy seriously enough to make their
feelings known on the pre-eminent issue of our time. That, in addition to what
his reckless rhetoric implies about his attitude toward nuclear competition,
seems sufficient reason for millions of Americans to think twice before casting
a vote for George Bush.

HAROLD WILLENS
Los Angeles, Oct. 15, 1988

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              522 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Gold Coast Bulletin (Australia)

                             April 30, 2007 Monday
                                  Main Edition

Hip-hop hate not done

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. 51

LENGTH: 121  words


A PANEL discussion titled 'Does Hip-Hop Hate Women?' drew more than 400 people
yesterday - a sign that the furore that erupted over radio shock-jock Don Imus's
racist comments isn't over yet.

Imus claimed that rappers routinely 'defame and demean women' and call them
'worse names than I ever did'.

That led to some music-industry navel-gazing, but too little action, some
panelists at the University of Chicago said. Some criticized music executives
for failing to make a strong statement against violent and demeaning language
when they met earlier this month in New York. Others blasted hip-hop mogul
Russell Simmons for not doing enough.

Others at the event said hip-hop shouldn't be made a scapegoat for what's wrong
in America.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GCB


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              523 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                September 24, 1995 Sunday MORNING FINAL EDITION

MANY ETHNIC GROUPS ARE SPORTS MASCOTS

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 6F

LENGTH: 402 words


In the Sept 8 story "Mascot demeans Native Americans," Karla Martin Ngyuyen "can
think of no other ethnic or racial group that has been assigned to be team
mascots, except Native Americans."

Well, here are a few:

(check) San Jose State Spartans - Greek;

(check) UCLA Trojans - Greek;

(check) Minnesota Vikings - Scandinavian with a stupid horned helmet;

(check) Pittsburgh Pirates - criminal white dude;

(check) Oakland Raiders - another white pirate with an eye patch;

(check) New England Patriots - Anglo-Saxon with a musket and a silly
tri-cornered hat.

Incidentally, there are reasons why Native American images inspire athletic
teams. They represent the qualities of valor, resourcefulness, cleverness and
endurance, even against overwhelming odds.

To all politically correct activists: Lighten up and get a life.

- Edward R. Dykes
San Jose
CORPORATE TAX BREAKS DON'T QUALIFY AS WELFARE
Mona Charen takes considerable license with the English language by describing
tax breaks for business as "corporate welfare" in her Sept. 20 commentary.

Taxation is government confiscation of individual wealth. When the government
gives you a tax break, it is only agreeing not to take quite so much of your
wealth. Contrast this with real welfare, in which the government actually gives
you money it has confiscated from someone else.

A tax break is no more an example of welfare than it is an example of charity
when a thief who, having just stolen your wallet, allows you to keep your watch.

- Matt Zwolinski
Sunnyvale
ARIANNA'S BIOGRAPHY WAS INCOMPLETE
Thank you for publishing the hit piece on Hillary Clinton by Arianna Huffington
(Commentary Sept. 15). It is an almost perfect example of smear tactics as used
in politics.

I say almost perfect because she should have had it sent out under another name
so people could not consider the source. If you had correctly identified Mrs.
Huffington, your biography blurb should have said:

Arianna Huffington is a senior fellow at the misleadingly named, extreme
right-wing Peace and Freedom Foundation in Washington. She is best known as the
wife of Michael Huffington, who spent almost $30 million in an attempt to buy a
seat in the Senate.

Her only other claim to fame is as a priestess in some kind of religious cult
that is so weird she did not even tell her husband about it (according to him).

- David Wilkes
San Jose

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

                     Copyright 1995 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              524 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 3, 1993, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Brava, Audrey Hepburn!

SECTION: Section A; Page 22; Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 98 words


To the Editor:

Re "Audrey Hepburn's Perfection" (editorial, Jan. 22):

Audrey Hepburn's appeal had nothing whatever to do with making "skinny"
flat-chested women of her generation feel good about themselves. It had
everything to do with her gentleness, her gaminelike beauty, her sincerity and
the perfect romantic lilt she brought to her roles.

I am 67 years old, and many women in my generation also liked Marilyn Monroe --
who also did not stuff her bras! Your editorial demeans Audrey Hepburn and her
elderly admirers.

BETTY ANN J. HALPERIN
Bronx, Jan. 25, 1993

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              525 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 2, 1988, Monday, Late City Final Edition

More Credit Is Due To Catholic Schools

SECTION: Section A; Page 18, Column 6; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 179 words


To the Editor:

William Clayton (''Bad Dropout Logic,'' letter, April 12) says that Roman
Catholic schools have a low dropout rate because they ''can pick and choose
their clientele,'' and that they do not have to deal with difficult students
because in ''Catholic and similar private schools, students are usually kicked
out before they can drop out.''

As virtually all research shows, Catholic schools are uniquely successful with
at-risk students from all racial, ethnic and economic groups. This success is
due in no small way to the dedication of the parents, teachers and pastors who
support Catholic schools at great personal and financial sacrifice.

To demean this educational contribution by attributing its success to the
expulsion of difficult students ignores all the pertinent research and is
insulting to both the professionals and the parents who have achieved great
educational success despite unbelievable financial limitations.

(Brother) MICHEL BETTIGOLE
Principal, Bishop Ford Central
Catholic High School
  Brooklyn, April 13, 1988

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              526 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 29, 2011 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Teachers Get Little Say In a Book About Them

BYLINE: By MICHAEL WINERIP.

Oneducation@nytimes.com

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; ON EDUCATION; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 1124 words


Can an education reform movement that demeans and trivializes teachers succeed?
It's hard to imagine, but that is what is going on in parts of America today.

In Steven Brill's new book celebrating the movement, ''Class Warfare: Inside the
Fight to Fix America's Schools,'' teachers are literally the least of it. Of the
three million who work in traditional public schools, three are interviewed by
Mr. Brill on the record; their insights take up six of the book's 437 pages.

Nor do charter school teachers fare much better. At Harlem Success Academy 1,
which produces top scores on state tests, Mr. Brill describes how teachers
working around the clock continually burn out. Like kitchen appliances, they
last a few years and then need to be replaced. One teacher describes being
''overwhelmed, underappreciated and underpaid'' and tells Mr. Brill, ''There is
no way I can do this beyond another year or two.''

Mr. Brill has little positive to say about teachers. Veterans ''hanging on for
20 or 30 years caring only about their pensions and tenure protection are
toxic.'' While he admits that there are thousands of teachers who are skilled
and highly motivated, ''increasingly'' there are those who put in an ''8:15 a.m.
to 3:15 p.m. workday with a civil-service mentality.'' (How Mr. Brill could
possibly know whether the number of these teachers is increasing is unclear,
since he provides no statistics or attribution.)

Until this project, Mr. Brill, 61, had rarely written about education. Nor was
he well acquainted with public schools -- he graduated from Deerfield Academy in
Massachusetts and sent his three children to private schools.

The book grew from his New Yorker article two years ago about rubber rooms,
where the city's most dysfunctional teachers spent idle days, collecting
salaries while waiting months or years for their cases to be resolved. ''I see a
guy asleep with his head on a desk and alarm clock,'' Mr. Brill recalled in an
interview. ''I see another guy, if he were in a room with my daughter, I'd call
the police.''

There were 744 teachers in rubber rooms at the time. For some, that is
understandable in a system of 77,000 teachers; to Mr. Brill, it was a prime
example of a union more interested in protecting its members than in educating
children.

Mr. Brill, a writer (''Teamsters,'' 1978), lawyer (Yale '75) and entrepreneur
(founder of Court TV and the American Lawyer publication), knows that every
story needs a villain or an evil force. In ''Class Warfare,'' the problem is not
the poverty the children experience, the violence they see in their homes and
neighborhoods or the lack of vocabulary that the sons and daughters of adults
who did not finish high school often take with them to kindergarten.

The villains of Mr. Brill's story are bad teachers coddled by unions.

With his legal training and business background, Mr. Brill is expert at
chronicling the union's failings. He documents the growth of the New York City
teachers' contract from 39 pages in 1962 to 200 today, along with work rules
that can be used at every turn to obstruct principals from improving schools. He
details the case of a Stuyvesant High School teacher who was so drunk that she
passed out at her desk, only to have the union claim on its Web site that she
was disciplined as part of a scheme to harm senior teachers.

He goes a lot easier on the reformers who have spent recent years pushing the
expansion of charter schools and standardized tests. Mr. Brill identifies the
millionaires and billionaires who attack the unions and steered the Democratic
Party to their cause. There is Whitney Tilson, who parlayed $1 million of his
parents', relatives' and own money to build a hedge fund that he told Mr. Brill
was worth $50 million; Ravenel Boykin Curry IV, who works for the family's money
fund and has homes in Manhattan, East Hampton and the Dominican Republic; and
David Einhorn, who at age 38 ''was already one of Wall Street's successful short
sellers.''

The book is called ''Class Warfare.'' I expected Mr. Brill to explore why these
men single out the union for blame when children fail. If a substantial part of
the problem was poverty and not bad teachers, the question would be why people
like them are allowed to make so much when others have so little. I hear this
all the time from teachers, but when I asked Mr. Brill, he said, ''I didn't see
it as the rich versus the union guys, although now that you say it, I can see
how you could draw that line.''

Harlem Success 1 shares a building with a traditional public school, P.S. 149.
Mr. Brill presents numbers that show the charter school is far superior: 86
percent of Harlem Success students were proficient in English in 2010, compared
with 29 percent of P.S. 149's. He notes that charters are criticized for having
fewer children with learning challenges, but ''none of the actual data supports
this.''

Actually, it does. According to the city, in 2010 P.S. 149 had more children
poor enough to receive free lunch (76 percent vs. 67 percent for the charter);
more children for whom English was a second language (13 percent vs. 1.5 for the
charter); and more children with disabilities (22 percent vs. 16).

And that is what so scares those of us who see traditional public schools as
vital to democracy: that they will become repositories for the poorest, most
troubled children.

Reviewers have criticized Mr. Brill for making what seems like a bizarre
turnaround in the book's final chapter. When I asked him about it, he said the
two years spent reporting had changed him.

In the book's first 420 pages, he bashes the union and its president, Randi
Weingarten, is dismissive of veteran teachers and extols charters.

Three people seem to have altered that thinking. First, David Levin, a founder
of the Knowledge Is Power Program, the biggest charter chain in the country,
told him that charter schools would never be able to train near the number of
quality teachers needed to populate all public schools.

Second, Jessica Reid, an assistant principal at Harlem Success who worked night
and day to improve the lives of poor children, burned out right before Mr.
Brill's eyes and quit midyear.

And third, against the odds, he came to like Ms. Weingarten. ''She really cares
about this stuff,'' he told me.

The book ultimately concludes that only the union can supply quality veteran
teachers on the scale needed.

At a time when education is so polarized, Mr. Brill seems to have found some
middle ground. He even suggested to Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg that he make Ms.
Weingarten New York's next chancellor to provide the balance necessary for real
change.

On Page 426, the mayor responds. ''It's a really stupid idea,'' Mr. Bloomberg
said. ''Never in a million years.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Steven Brill, in his Manhattan office last week, weighs in on
the education reform movement. (PHOTOGRAPH BY YANA PASKOVA FOR THE NEW YORK
TIMES)(A12)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                              527 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            March 14, 1991, Thursday

An 18-hole love affair

BYLINE: By Furman Bishergolf; personalities; opinion

SECTION: SPORTS; SECTION G; PAGE 01

LENGTH: 669 words


In 1989, Michael Jordan, the Chicago Bull, was the official Golf Nut of the
Year. Last year, the winner was a magazine editor, David Earl of Golf Journal,
house organ of the U.S. Golf Association.

David Earl's position might represent to some in-house advantage. Yet, it
shouldn't. The Golf Nut Society of America is about as far from the USGA, both
geographically and principally, as right is from left. Mailing address of the
GNSA is Nut House, Brush Prairie, Wash.

I come before you today not to demean Messrs. Jordan and Earl, but to tell them
that compared to the candidate I shall introduce here, they rank far back in the
pack. In fact, this player would be my all-time champion.

It's an old story, so old I was still sports editor of The Constitution at the
time. Also, I apply the term "nut" apologetically here, for the memory of Nick
Gudzan commands my deepest respect.

He appeared at my desk one day about the middle '50s, a nice-looking fellow in
his late twenties. He had the compact conformation and carriage of a golfer,
except for one thing - his left arm was missing. Once we dispensed with
formalities, he told me his story and why he was here.

Nick Gudzan had come south from Pennsylvania to play baseball. He had pitched
and won one game in the old Tri-State League, but that would be the peak of his
baseball career. It was while working at the Savannah Atomic Energy plant that
his golf swing came under the inspection of a veteran pro named Orville White in
Aiken, and White encouraged him to invest his future in golf.; Before surgery, a
final request

He became a club professional, and was working at Lady's Island in Beaufort,
S.C., when a nagging pain in his left shoulder sent him to see a doctor. At
first it was thought to be a tumor that could be removed, but after the surgery,
the pain persisted. The next stop was Duke University Hospital.

"That's where I got the hard news," he told me. "The doctor had my history and
when he took one look at my arm, he said it had to come off. Cancer. I almost
cracked up right there. I could see the end of my golf career.

"I asked him how long I might live if I refused. He told me a few months, not
long."

His last resort was a hospital in New York, where cancer specialists told him
the same thing. His only hope was amputation. But that wouldn't necessarily mean
the end of golf. There was a one-armed pro in those days named Jimmy Nichols who
made his living playing exhibitions and representing sporting goods companies.

It was here that Nick Gudzan earned his credential as the unchallenged Golf Nut
of Forever. He made one heartfelt request of the surgeon who was scheduled to
remove his arm.

"Doctor," he said, "will you postpone the surgery one day and let me go out and
play one last round of two-armed golf?"; Lost an arm, but not his game

The doctor pondered a moment, then gave his permission. The next day, Nick
Gudzan went to Long Island and shot 72 on 18 holes he had never seen before, his
last round of two-armed golf. There was no Golf Nut Society of America then, but
if ever a man qualifies retroactively, Nick Gudzan does.

"It wasn't as bad as you'd think," he said. "The arm was removed Monday, I
shaved myself Tuesday, I was back on the course five weeks later and shot a 93.
They took my arm, but they didn't take my heart."

Nick was in Atlanta hoping to set up a series of clinics and exhibitions with
the American Cancer Society. He could have had his old job at Lady's Island, but
he'd have felt like a charity case. He could still play and had shot an 80 just
a few days before.

"I never met Jimmy Nichols, but he'd better make room, I'm moving in," he said
happily.

Unfortunately, he never got his chance. About two years later, the cancer that
took his arm took the rest of him, only man I ever met who got his doctor's
permission to play one last round of two-armed golf. Sorry, Jordan, Earl and
others, this outscores you all put together.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                              528 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            Lowell Sun (Lowell, MA)

                            October 19, 2003 Sunday

Explosive slur leaks into lexicon

BYLINE: KATHLEEN DEELY, Sun Staff

SECTION: TODAY S HEADLINES

LENGTH: 811 words


LOWELL It's a word that for generations was uttered to demean a stridently
hateful expression of arrogance and prejudice.

Now it bounces off street corners and ricochets around school hallways, as
common a greeting as "What's up?"

Kathleen Doherty, associate editor for Merriam Webster Dictionary, calls it "the
most offensive word in the English language."

John Michael Ayala, a Puerto Rican who lives in Lowell, shrugs it off as not a
big deal: "It's just a word; it's a love thing."

So how does "nigger," a word associated with one of the most hate-filled periods
of American history, suddenly come to mean "buddy," "friend," "peep"?

"It has an allure to it. It's a dangerous word. Youngsters like playing with it
of course, because they shouldn't," says Randall Kennedy, a Harvard law
professor who wrote a book on the subject called, Nigger: The Strange Career of
a Troublesome Word.

Its rise from ghetto insult to a top spot in the streetwise nomenclature has
been relatively swift. Young blacks have altered the word by dropping the "r,"
making it "nigga," and are comfortable using it. They and many non-black
teenagers think it's hip.

"I've got no problem with it, as long as you're not putting me down with it,"
says Jorge Nunez, a 15-year-old Lowellian who is black.

A year and a half ago, Lowell High Headmaster William Samaras didn't have to
play word police when monitoring the school halls. Now he does.

"I'm walking down the corridor and I hear a black say to a black, a Hispanic to
Hispanic or a white to white, 'Hi nigga,' and I say 'Hey guys, hold it,' and
they are looking at me like I have two heads," Samaras says.

Leonard Alkins, president of the Boston chapter of the National Association for
the Advancement of Colored People, would never associate love with this charged
word. "Anybody who uses it as a greeting is being disrespectful. The word has
always been offensive and continues to be offensive."

But whether it was hip-hop music, NBA players or Chris Rock who brought the word
into pop culture parlance, it's now used as a friendly salutation by youths of
all colors.

California rap group Niggaz With Attitude mainstreamed the word when they
blasted onto the scene in the late 1980s. Since then hip-hop artists from Eminem
to Snoop Dogg have peppered their lyrics with it. With a large majority of
hip-hop music fans teenagers, it's no wonder "nigga" has replaced "man" and
"girl" as an affectionate shout-out.

"Rather than saying 'What's up, girl?' I say 'Yo-yo, my nigga,'" says Jasmine
Colon, a 16-year-old Puerto Rican Lowell High student. She says she added the
word to her vocabulary to address her white, black and multicultural friends a
few years back because "it's cooler."

The word comes from the Latin word for black, "niger." It didn't start out as a
slur; it turned derogatory over time. It was used affectionately in the 1800s by
Mark Twain in Huckleberry Finn.

By the 1950s and 1960s, however, it was a common slur in the racist verbal
barrages of those whites who dug in their heels against the rising civil rights
movement.

"The word for a long time has had two faces one face is the racial slur, the
insult. But this word has had another life to it, a playful face," Kennedy says.
"Black people have used it mockingly, as a gesture of solidarity, jokingly."

The word is heard more now, Kennedy says, because it's no longer underground.

"There is a big change as our society is more transparent. Everybody knows the
underground use of a word. It's not the only word that's had this reinvention.
The word 'bitch' has gone through the some makeover in popular culture," he
says.

But despite its cultural evolution, the word can still be considered a racist
insult when used in the wrong circumstances or overheard by strangers. Just ask
the 14- and 18-year-old Lowell High School students who got into a brawl when
one uttered the word to a non-black friend last week. An African-American
student who overheard the Hispanic male use the word took offense and sparked a
brutal fight that ended in the arrest of the Hispanic student.

And for many adults, for whom the word brings back painful memories of a more
intolerant time, its rise in pop culture makes them uncomfortable. The solution
to ease the word out of modern-speak, educators and black leaders say, is to
talk about its past use.

"We would hope parents would understand that it has negative connotations.
People who use it and think it's cool to use it are ignorant and don't
understand its history," says Alkins of the NAACP.

Samaras, who says he can't pull a student aside for a lecture every time he
hears it, agrees. "I'm concerned about the term. We are trying to work with kids
to tell them it's not polite, not the right way to greet each other."

Kathleen Deely's e-mail address is kdeely@lowellsun.com .

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              529 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       FEBRUARY 5, 1999 Friday SF EDITION

SENATE WON'T HEAR LEWINSKY LIVE / SENATORS WILL, HOWEVER, ALLOW EXCERPTS OF HER
TAPED DEPOSITION, AND THOSE OF TWO OTHERS, TO BE USED. A GOP FINDING-OF-FACT
MOTION APPEARED TO BE DEAD.

BYLINE: Steven Thomma and Raja Mishra, INQUIRER WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1409 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Senate yesterday soundly rejected a plea to allow Monica Lewinsky to testify
in person, and key Republicans all but abandoned a plan to seek a vote in the
trial effectively finding Clinton guilty of misconduct, if not high crimes and
misdemeanors.

Barring unexpected developments, yesterday's actions mean the Senate will finish
the trial next week with closing arguments Monday, two or three days of
deliberations by senators and the final vote on whether to convict the President
by next Friday at the latest. He is almost certain to be acquitted.

But first the Senate had to decide how much more it wanted to hear about the
case after four weeks of trial - and senators from both parties agreed they do
not need to hear much.

They voted 70-30 against a proposal from House prosecutors to subpoena Lewinsky
as the only live witness in the trial. All 45 Democrats voted against allowing
the testimony and were joined by 25 Republicans.

But the Senate still will likely hear Lewinsky's voice.

It voted 62-38 to allow House prosecutors and White House defense lawyers to use
excerpts from videotapes of Lewinsky and two other witnesses during six hours of
presentations tomorrow. Nine Democrats joined 53 Republicans in supporting the
use of video excerpts over the vocal opposition of the President's attorneys.
Transcripts of those depositions will be made public today.

Having decided those issues, Republicans backed away from their proposal to
adopt a finding of fact that would allow a majority in the Senate trial to
conclude that Clinton did wrong in concealing an extramarital relationship with
Lewinsky. Several Republicans had turned to that approach as it became clear
they could not muster the two-thirds vote needed to convict Clinton and remove
him from office.

However, a number of Republicans had misgivings about the plan. At a private
meeting Wednesday, Assistant Majority Leader Don Nickles told GOP senators that
more than a dozen Republicans would vote against the plan unless five to 10
Democrats signed on, the Associated Press reported.

Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott (R., Miss.) revealed yesterday that he also
secretly opposed the idea of voting on a declaration accusing Clinton of
wrongdoing before voting on the articles of impeachment.

"I have felt all along that really what we ought to do is do what the
Constitution and the rules provide: Go through the impeachment trial, get to the
articles of impeachment and vote on those, and then move on," Lott said, the
Associated Press reported.

Democrats had called the move an unconstitutional run around the requirement for
a two-thirds vote to convict, and vowed to wage a partisan fight against it that
would have tied up the trial and very likely kept it going indefinitely.

"We have yet to receive any Democratic support, so we'll likely not introduce
the finding of fact in the trial," said Sen. Olympia J. Snowe (R., Maine), one
of the proponents.

"I don't believe that finding of fact is alive anymore," added Sen. Larry E.
Craig (R., Idaho).

Instead, Republicans said they would wait until after the trial, then propose
their finding as an amendment or an alternative to an expected Democratic
proposal to censure the President. Republicans said their post-trial proposal
would add a recommendation that the Department of Justice or the office of
independent counsel Kenneth W. Starr prosecute Clinton for perjury and
obstruction of justice immediately after he leaves office at the end of his
term.

The only people still publicly clutching any hope of convicting Clinton of the
articles of impeachment in the Senate appeared to be the House Republicans
acting as prosecutors.

They urged the Senate to allow them to summon Lewinsky to testify in person in
hopes that her dramatic appearance in the well of the Senate might shake up the
chamber.

"It's eminently fair that we be allowed to present at least one witness live to
you, the central witness in the cast of this entire proceeding, and that's
Monica Lewinsky," said Rep. Bill McCollum (R., Fla.).

He and other House members pleaded with the Senate, insisting they would not
embarrass the Senate by asking Lewinsky about the sexual nature of her
relationship with Clinton. They said they would talk to her only about the
President's efforts to conceal their relationship from lawyers representing
Paula Jones in a sexual-harassment lawsuit against him.

"We will do it in a professional manner," said Rep. Lindsey Graham (R., S.C.).
". . . We will try to do it in a way not to demean the Senate. We will try to do
it in a way not to demean Ms. Lewinsky. We will try to do it in a way to get to
the truth. Please give us a chance to present our case in a persuasive fashion."

They also argued that they were asking for only one witness when they had every
right to ask for more. They noted they were allowed by the Senate to interview
just three witnesses under oath this week - Lewinsky, Clinton confidant Vernon
Jordan and White House aide Sidney Blumenthal - and said they would forgo
requests to bring the two others into the Senate in person.

White House special counsel Gregory Craig argued at length that the Senate
already knew all it needed to about the case from the volumes of evidence
compiled by Starr and from this week's depositions.

"The moment of truth can no longer be avoided, and the Senate should move to
make its decision," Craig said. "The Senate must act now to end this impeachment
trial, finally and for all time."

After the vote, the House prosecutor who deposed Lewinsky, Rep. Ed Bryant (R.,
Tenn.), conceded that Lewinsky would have been a reluctant, if not hostile,
witness. He said she engaged in "a lot of legal hairsplitting to protect the
President."

Craig also tried to persuade the Senate to keep the videotapes of this week's
depositions from being played before the Senate or the public. He urged the
Senate to allow only written transcripts. He said the tapes would ultimately be
doctored outside the Senate and comments would be taken out of context to make
Clinton look bad.

"These videotapes will . . . be edited and excerpted and cut and spliced, and
the materials will not be only overused, they will also be inevitably abused,"
Craig said. "It's unfair to the witnesses, unfair to the public, unfair to the
Senate and, we submit, unfair to the President."

But the Senate easily defeated, by a vote of 73-27, a proposal to allow only
written transcripts of the depositions into the Senate record. Voting against
the limit were 20 Democrats and 53 Republicans.

Then they voted to allow the use of the videotapes.

The Senate trial will be in recess today, to allow lawyers for both sides to
prepare their presentations on the depositions and other evidence for tomorrow.
Each side will get three hours to talk about what it learned in the depositions
and will be allowed to use videotaped excerpts.

Clinton's private lawyer David Kendall asked for advance notice of which
excerpts the House prosecutors planned to use. Rep. James E. Rogan (R., Calif.)
responded with a quote from a California state judge in a similar situation: "It
is none of your damned business what the other side is going to put on."

The Senate voted 54-46 against forcing the House prosecutors to reveal which
sections of the videotapes they planned to use. All the votes against requiring
advance notice came from Republicans. Afterward, Lott said he would try to work
out an accommodation with White House lawyers today.

At the end of the day, the Senate voted along party lines to defeat a proposal
by Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle (D., S.D.) to start the closing arguments
immediately.

Instead, each side will get three hours Monday for lawyers to make closing
arguments.

Senators from the Philadelphia area voting to call Monica Lewinsky to give
testimony were Rick Santorum (R., Pa.) and Arlen Specter (R., Pa.). Voting
against the measure were Joseph R. Biden Jr. (D., Del.), Frank R. Lautenberg
(D., N.J.), William V. Roth Jr. (R., Del.) and Robert G. Torricelli (D., N.J.).

Senators voting for the measure to allow the use of videotapes and transcripts
of testimony at the trial were Roth, Santorum and Specter. Voting against it
were Biden, Lautenberg and Torricelli.

Senators voting to bar the use of videotapes were Biden, Lautenberg and
Torricelli; voting against it were Roth, Santorum and Specter.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: The Impeachment Trial

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
PHOTO
Sen. Trent Lott, the majority leader, speaks during the proceedings.
Sen. John Kerry (D., Mass.) asks whether the White House would have enough time
to prepare a response to the managers' case tomorrow. (Associated Press)

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              530 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            August 6, 2009 Thursday

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 1635 words


COLLEGE FOOTBALL

BOHL TO BE MARRIED

FARGO (AP) - North Dakota State University head football coach Craig Bohl is
engaged to be married.

The 51-year-old coach plans to tie the knot with 33-year-old Ryan Kelly, a Fargo
radio personality.

The two have been dating for about three years, since Bohl made an appearance on
Kelly's radio show.

Kelly says she didn't know anything about football when she met Bohl. He once
gave her a crash course over lunch using sugar packets as players. Now, she
attends all Bison home games and most away games.

The couple is planning a February wedding.

COLLEGE ATHLETICS

UND'S INTERLOCKING 'ND' LOGO GETS MAKEOVER

GRAND FORKS (AP) - University of North Dakota athletic director Brian Faison
says there is no hidden agenda in the school's makeover of its interlocking "ND"
imagery.

Faison says the school will continue to also use its Fighting Sioux logo.

The Indian head logo and the school's Fighting Sioux nickname have long been
targets of people who believe they demean American Indians. UND plans to retire
them on Aug. 1, 2010, unless the Standing Rock and Spirit Lake Sioux tribes
agree by Oct. 1 to give UND permission to use them for at least 30 years.

UND, which is moving from NCAA Division II to Division I in athletics, says the
redesign of the interlocking "ND" is part of an effort to build a stronger brand
and achieve more consistency with its uniforms and merchandise.

BASEBALL

CENTRAL PLAINS REGIONAL

At Minnetonka, Minn.

Thursday-Monday

Thursday

Game 1: Festus (Mo.) Post 253 (34-3) vs. Rapid City (S.D.) Post 22 (43-19), 9:30
a.m.

Game 2: Omaha (Neb.) Post 1 (31-15) vs. Dubuque (Iowa) Post 6, doubleheader.

Game 3: Dickinson Post 3 (38-9) vs. Apple Valley (Minn.) 1776 (38-9), 4:30 p.m.

Game 4:Pittsburg (Kan.) Post 64 (28-3) vs. Minnetona (Minn.) Post 259,
doubleheader.

Friday

Game 5: Loser Game 1 vs. Loser Game 3, 9:30 a.m.

Game 6:Loser Game 2 vs. Loser Game 4, doubleheader.

Game 7: Winner Game 1 vs. Winner Game 3, 4:30 p.m.

Game 8:Winner Game 2 vs. Winner Game 4, doubleheader.

Saturday

Game 9: Winner Game 6 vs. Loser Game 7, 12:30 p.m.

Game 10:Winner Game 5 vs. Loser Game 8, 4:30 p.m.

Game 11:Winner Game 7 vs. Winner Game 8, doubleheader.

Sunday

Game 12:Winner Game 9 vs. Loser Game 11, 1 p.m.

Game 13:Winner Game 10 vs. Winner Game 11, 7 p.m.

Monday

Game 14:Winner Game 12 vs. Winner Game 13, 1 p.m.

Game 15:If necessary, 7 p.m.

* Pairings for Game 12 and 13 will not match previous opponents unless
necessary.

* If three teams remain after Game 13, the winner of Game 11 automatically draws
the bye for Game 14.

SENIOR BABE RUTHMIDWEST PLAINS REGIONAL

Monday

Missouri 8, Bismarck Reps 5

   Missouri     101     410     1               8       9       4
   Reps 004     010     0               5       6       2


Connor Scott, Steven Dooley (6) and Zach Rowland; Tom Keller, Steve Slaubaugh
(4) and Nick Jangula. W Scott; L Slaubaugh; S Dooley. HR None.

Highlights:R Dan Bihrle 2-for-4, 2 RBIs, 2 2B.

ANNOUNCEMENTS

FALLSPORTS

Cross country

Bismarck: Boys - Aug. 10, 9 a.m., Karlgaard Gym. For more information contact
coaches Darrell Anderson 391-8880 or Dave Zittleman 471-1557. Girls - Aug. 10,
8:30 a.m., Karlgaard Gym. For more information contact coach Scott Reichenberger
400-6134.

Century: Boys - Aug. 10, 9 a.m., CHS boys locker room. For more information
contact coach Brad Lies 258-3861. Girls - Aug. 10, 8:30 a.m., CHS girls locker
room. For more information contact coach Julie Stavn 258-4218.

Mandan: Grades 9-12, Aug. 10, 9 a.m., Faris Field. High school parent meeting,
Aug. 13, 6:30 p.m., Eagles Park. Grades 7-8, Aug. 10, 9 a.m., Faris Field.
Middle school parent meeting, Aug. 13, 6:30 p.m., Eagles Park.

Horizon Middle School: Practice, Aug. 24, 3:30 p.m. Meet in the hall between the
two gyms.

Simle Middle School: Practice, Aug. 24, 4 p.m. at the school.

Wachter Middle School: Back to Sports Night, Aug. 20, 7 p.m. Practice, will be
announced at Back to Sports Night.

Football

Bismarck: Grades 10-12 - Aug. 12, 8 a.m., Hughes Field. Grade 9 - Aug. 12, 9
a.m., Hughes Field. For more information contact coach Mark Gibson 250-1318.

Century: Grades 10-12 - Aug. 12, 8 a.m., Century High School. Grade 9 - Aug. 12,
9 a.m., Century High School. For more information contact coach Ron Wingenbach
255-0183.

Mandan: Grades 9-12 Parent meeting, Aug. 13, 7 p.m., High School Auditorium.
Weightlifting test and gear handout, Aug. 10 and Aug. 11, 8-10:30 a.m., High
School weight room and Faris Field. Practice, Aug. 12, 8-10:30 a.m. and 4-6:30
p.m., Faris Field. Grade 9 Gear handout, Aug. 12, 9 a.m., Faris Field. Practice,
Aug. 12, 9-11:30 a.m. and 4:30-6:30 p.m., Faris Field. Grades 7-8 Practice, Aug.
20, 9-11 a.m., high school football field. 8th grade gear handout, Aug. 19, 8-10
a.m., high school wrestling room. 7th grade gear handout, Aug. 19, 10 a.m. to
noon, high school wrestling room. Parent meeting, Aug. 16, 7 p.m., high school
cafeteria.

St. Mary's:Grades 9-12:Pick up equipment Aug. 11, 1 p.m. seniors and juniors,
1:30 p.m. sophomores and freshmen, 2 p.m. team meeting. Practice begins Aug. 12,
8:30 a.m. team meeting with practice following, 9-10:30 a.m. first practice, 11
a.m.-12:30 p.m. second practice. Thursday practices first practice 9-10:30 a.m.,
second practice 11 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Friday practices first practice 9-10:30 a.m.,
second practice 11 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Saturday practice 9-11:30 a.m. Questions:call
Dan Smrekar at 223-4113 or 673-3332.

Horizon Middle School: Grade 8 - Gear handout, 9 a.m. Aug. 20. Practice, Aug.
24, 3:30 p.m. Grade 7 - Gear handout, 1 p.m. Aug. 20. Practice, Aug. 24, 3:30
p.m.

Simle Middle School: Grade 8 - Gear handout, 4 p.m. Aug. 19. Practice, Aug. 24,
3:30 p.m. Grade 7 - Gear handout, 5 p.m. Aug. 19. Practice, Aug. 24, 3:30 p.m.

Wachter Middle School:Back to Sports Night, Aug. 20, 7 p.m. Practice, 4-5:30
p.m., enter through main entrace.

Girls golf

Bismarck: Aug. 10, 5:30 p.m., Riverwood Golf Course clubhouse. Parent meeting,
Aug. 10, 7 p.m. For more information contact coach Brandon Bondley 400-6247.

Century: Aug. 10, 8 a.m., Riverwood Golf Course. For more information contact
coach Lynn Gress 224-8675.

Mandan:Grades 7-12, Aug. 10, 9 a.m., Prairie West. Parent meeting, Aug. 11, 7
p.m., Prairie West. For more information, call Dean Johs at 471-3403.

Simle Middle School: Practice with either Bismarck or Century.

Boys golf

Simle Middle School: Practice, 5:30 p.m., Aug. 24 at Pebble Creek Golf Course.

Wachter Middle School:Back to Sports Night, Aug. 20, 7 p.m. Practice, announced
at Back to Sports Night.

Boys soccer

Bismarck: Aug. 10, Cottonwood Park, 5 p.m. For more information contact coach
Tim Green 202-0918.

Century:Parent and player meeting, July 28, 7 p.m. at Century High School.
Tryouts Aug. 10-14. For more information call Joel Jahnke, 400-2040.

Mandan:Grades 9-12, Aug. 10, 5 p.m., soccer fields. Parent meeting, Aug. 3, 5:30
p.m., soccer fields.

St. Marys: First practice, Aug. 10, 5-7 p.m. at Solheim soccer fields. For more
information contact coach Brandon Keller 226-5730.

Horizon Middle School: Organizational meeting, Aug. 24, 7 p.m., cafetorium.
Practice, Aug. 25. For more information, contact coordinator Dan Taylor at
dtaylor@mohs.org.

Simle Middle School: Practice, 5 p.m., Aug. 24 at 16th St. baseball diamonds.

Wachter Middle School:Back to Sports Night, 7 p.m. Practice, 7-8th grades,
4:30-6 p.m., WMS Field.

Girls swimming

Bismarck: Aug. 17, 3:30 p.m., YMCAPool. For more information contact coach
Kristen Peters 425-3918.

Century: Aug. 17, 3:30 p.m., YMCAPool. For more information contact coach Loic
Joseph 400-0593.

Mandan:Grades 7-12, Aug. 17, 9 a.m., Community Center. Parent meeting, Aug. 25,
6 p.m., high school cafeteria.

Boys tennis

Bismarck: Aug. 10, 9 a.m., Tom O'Leary Courts. Contact coach Justin Zainhofsky
for more information 471-9725.

Century: Aug. 10, 9 a.m., Sertoma Park Courts. For more information contact
coach Scott McPherson 391-4874.

Mandan:Grades 7-12, Aug. 10, 9 a.m., MS tennis courts. Parent meeting, Aug. 3,
6:30 p.m., high school cafeteria.

Volleyball:

Bismarck: Juniors and seniors - Aug. 17, 8 a.m. and 2:30 p.m., BHS Karlgaard
Gym. Sophomores - Aug. 17, 10:30 a.m., BHS Karlgaard Gym. Freshmen - Aug. 17, 4
p.m., BHS Karlgaard Gym. For more information contact coaches Jessica Andersen
400-8317 or Lisa Krom 223-9947.

Century: Juniors and seniors - Aug. 17, 3:30 p.m., CHS Olson Gym. Sophomores -
Aug. 17, 5:30 p.m., CHS Olson Gym. Freshman - Aug. 17, 7:30 p.m., CHS Olson Gym.
For more information contact coach Jeni Walsh 255-0818.

Mandan:Grades 9-12 Aug. 17, 9-11 a.m. and 5-7 p.m., high school gym. Parent
meeting, Aug. 20, 7 p.m., high school gym. Middle school Grade 8, Aug. 24,
3:30-5:15 p.m., MS gym. Grade 7, Aug. 24, 3:30-5:15 p.m., MS gym. 8th grade
parent meeting, Aug. 17, 5:30 p.m., MS gym. 7th grade parent meeting, Aug. 17,
6:30 p.m., MS gym.

Horizon Middle School: Grade 8 - Organizational meeting, Aug. 20, 10 a.m., West
Gym. Practice, Aug. 24. Grade 7 - Organizational meeting, Aug. 20, 10 a.m., East
Gym. Practice, Aug. 24.

Simle Middle School: Grade 8 - Practice, 3:30 p.m., Aug. 24. Grade 7 - Practice,
5 p.m., Aug. 24.

Wachter Middle School:Back to Sports Night, Aug. 20, 7 p.m. Grade 7 Aug. 24,
4:30-6:30 p.m., Wachter gyms. Grade 8 4-6 p.m., Wachter gyms

Parent meeting

Simle Middle School: Parents of students who will be participating in extra
curricular activites at any time during the 2009-2010 school year: Aug. 26, 6:30
p.m., Simle Middle School auditorium. At least one parent must accompany their
child to this meeting.

Wachter Middle School: Back to Sports Night, Aug. 20, Wachter Auditorium for all
parents and athletes who want to competed in 7th and 8th grade sports. There
will be a presentation on sportsmanship and a video. Parents can fill out
paperwork and pay fees.

* For more information on Mandan sports, call the activities office at 663-2517.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2009 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              531 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            August 6, 2009 Thursday

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 1669 words


COLLEGE FOOTBALL

BOHL TO BE MARRIED

FARGO (AP) - North Dakota State University head football coach Craig Bohl is
engaged to be married.

The 51-year-old coach plans to tie the knot with 33-year-old Ryan Kelly, a Fargo
radio personality.

The two have been dating for about three years, since Bohl made an appearance on
Kelly's radio show.

Kelly says she didn't know anything about football when she met Bohl. He once
gave her a crash course over lunch using sugar packets as players. Now, she
attends all Bison home games and most away games.

The couple is planning a February wedding.

COLLEGE ATHLETICS

UND'S INTERLOCKING 'ND' LOGO GETS MAKEOVER

GRAND FORKS (AP) - University of North Dakota athletic director Brian Faison
says there is no hidden agenda in the school's makeover of its interlocking "ND"
imagery.

Faison says the school will continue to also use its Fighting Sioux logo.

The Indian head logo and the school's Fighting Sioux nickname have long been
targets of people who believe they demean American Indians. UND plans to retire
them on Aug. 1, 2010, unless the Standing Rock and Spirit Lake Sioux tribes
agree by Oct. 1 to give UND permission to use them for at least 30 years.

UND, which is moving from NCAA Division II to Division I in athletics, says the
redesign of the interlocking "ND" is part of an effort to build a stronger brand
and achieve more consistency with its uniforms and merchandise.

BASEBALL

CENTRAL PLAINS REGIONAL

At Minnetonka, Minn.

Thursday-Monday

Thursday

Game 1: Festus (Mo.) Post 253 (34-3) vs. Rapid City (S.D.) Post 22 (43-19), 9:30
a.m.

Game 2: Omaha (Neb.) Post 1 (31-15) vs. Dubuque (Iowa) Post 6, doubleheader.

Game 3: Dickinson Post 3 (38-9) vs. Apple Valley (Minn.) 1776 (38-9), 4:30 p.m.

Game 4:Pittsburg (Kan.) Post 64 (28-3) vs. Minnetona (Minn.) Post 259,
doubleheader.

Friday

Game 5: Loser Game 1 vs. Loser Game 3, 9:30 a.m.

Game 6:Loser Game 2 vs. Loser Game 4, doubleheader.

Game 7: Winner Game 1 vs. Winner Game 3, 4:30 p.m.

Game 8:Winner Game 2 vs. Winner Game 4, doubleheader.

Saturday

Game 9: Winner Game 6 vs. Loser Game 7, 12:30 p.m.

Game 10:Winner Game 5 vs. Loser Game 8, 4:30 p.m.

Game 11:Winner Game 7 vs. Winner Game 8, doubleheader.

Sunday

Game 12:Winner Game 9 vs. Loser Game 11, 1 p.m.

Game 13:Winner Game 10 vs. Winner Game 11, 7 p.m.

Monday

Game 14:Winner Game 12 vs. Winner Game 13, 1 p.m.

Game 15:If necessary, 7 p.m.

* Pairings for Game 12 and 13 will not match previous opponents unless
necessary.

* If three teams remain after Game 13, the winner of Game 11 automatically draws
the bye for Game 14.

SENIOR BABE RUTHMIDWEST PLAINS REGIONAL

Monday

At Charleston, Mo.

Missouri 8, Bismarck Reps 5

   Missouri     101     410     1               8       9       4
   Reps 004     010     0               5       6       2


Connor Scott, Steven Dooley (6) and Zach Rowland; Tom Keller, Steve Slaubaugh
(4) and Nick Jangula. W Scott; L Slaubaugh; S Dooley. HR None.

Highlights:R Dan Bihrle 2-for-4, 2 RBIs, 2 2B.

GOLF

HOLE IN ONE

Debbie Gienger of Bismarck aced hole No. 15 at Medora's Bully Pulpit Golf Course
on Sunday. She drove the ball 92 yards with a 7-iron. The witness was Katie
Bommersbach.

ANNOUNCEMENTS

FALLSPORTS

Cross country

Bismarck: Boys - Aug. 10, 9 a.m., Karlgaard Gym. For more information contact
coaches Darrell Anderson 391-8880 or Dave Zittleman 471-1557. Girls - Aug. 10,
8:30 a.m., Karlgaard Gym. For more information contact coach Scott Reichenberger
400-6134.

Century: Boys - Aug. 10, 9 a.m., CHS boys locker room. For more information
contact coach Brad Lies 258-3861. Girls - Aug. 10, 8:30 a.m., CHS girls locker
room. For more information contact coach Julie Stavn 258-4218.

Mandan: Grades 9-12, Aug. 10, 9 a.m., Faris Field. High school parent meeting,
Aug. 13, 6:30 p.m., Eagles Park. Grades 7-8, Aug. 10, 9 a.m., Faris Field.
Middle school parent meeting, Aug. 13, 6:30 p.m., Eagles Park.

Horizon Middle School: Practice, Aug. 24, 3:30 p.m. Meet in the hall between the
two gyms.

Simle Middle School: Practice, Aug. 24, 4 p.m. at the school.

Wachter Middle School: Back to Sports Night, Aug. 20, 7 p.m. Practice, will be
announced at Back to Sports Night.

Football

Bismarck: Grades 10-12 - Aug. 12, 8 a.m., Hughes Field. Grade 9 - Aug. 12, 9
a.m., Hughes Field. For more information contact coach Mark Gibson 250-1318.

Century: Grades 10-12 - Aug. 12, 8 a.m., Century High School. Grade 9 - Aug. 12,
9 a.m., Century High School. For more information contact coach Ron Wingenbach
255-0183.

Mandan: Grades 9-12 Parent meeting, Aug. 13, 7 p.m., High School Auditorium.
Weightlifting test and gear handout, Aug. 10 and Aug. 11, 8-10:30 a.m., High
School weight room and Faris Field. Practice, Aug. 12, 8-10:30 a.m. and 4-6:30
p.m., Faris Field. Grade 9 Gear handout, Aug. 12, 9 a.m., Faris Field. Practice,
Aug. 12, 9-11:30 a.m. and 4:30-6:30 p.m., Faris Field. Grades 7-8 Practice, Aug.
20, 9-11 a.m., high school football field. 8th grade gear handout, Aug. 19, 8-10
a.m., high school wrestling room. 7th grade gear handout, Aug. 19, 10 a.m. to
noon, high school wrestling room. Parent meeting, Aug. 16, 7 p.m., high school
cafeteria.

St. Mary's:Grades 9-12:Pick up equipment Aug. 11, 1 p.m. seniors and juniors,
1:30 p.m. sophomores and freshmen, 2 p.m. team meeting. Practice begins Aug. 12,
8:30 a.m. team meeting with practice following, 9-10:30 a.m. first practice, 11
a.m.-12:30 p.m. second practice. Thursday practices first practice 9-10:30 a.m.,
second practice 11 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Friday practices first practice 9-10:30 a.m.,
second practice 11 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Saturday practice 9-11:30 a.m. Questions:call
Dan Smrekar at 223-4113 or 673-3332.

Horizon Middle School: Grade 8 - Gear handout, 9 a.m. Aug. 20. Practice, Aug.
24, 3:30 p.m. Grade 7 - Gear handout, 1 p.m. Aug. 20. Practice, Aug. 24, 3:30
p.m.

Simle Middle School: Grade 8 - Gear handout, 4 p.m. Aug. 19. Practice, Aug. 24,
3:30 p.m. Grade 7 - Gear handout, 5 p.m. Aug. 19. Practice, Aug. 24, 3:30 p.m.

Wachter Middle School:Back to Sports Night, Aug. 20, 7 p.m. Practice, 4-5:30
p.m., enter through main entrace.

Girls golf

Bismarck: Aug. 10, 5:30 p.m., Riverwood Golf Course clubhouse. Parent meeting,
Aug. 10, 7 p.m. For more information contact coach Brandon Bondley 400-6247.

Century: Aug. 10, 8 a.m., Riverwood Golf Course. For more information contact
coach Lynn Gress 224-8675.

Mandan:Grades 7-12, Aug. 10, 9 a.m., Prairie West. Parent meeting, Aug. 11, 7
p.m., Prairie West. For more information, call Dean Johs at 471-3403.

Simle Middle School: Practice with either Bismarck or Century.

Boys golf

Simle Middle School: Practice, 5:30 p.m., Aug. 24 at Pebble Creek Golf Course.

Wachter Middle School:Back to Sports Night, Aug. 20, 7 p.m. Practice, announced
at Back to Sports Night.

Boys soccer

Bismarck: Aug. 10, Cottonwood Park, 5 p.m. For more information contact coach
Tim Green 202-0918.

Century:Parent and player meeting, July 28, 7 p.m. at Century High School.
Tryouts Aug. 10-14. For more information call Joel Jahnke, 400-2040.

Mandan:Grades 9-12, Aug. 10, 5 p.m., soccer fields. Parent meeting, Aug. 3, 5:30
p.m., soccer fields.

St. Marys: First practice, Aug. 10, 5-7 p.m. at Solheim soccer fields. For more
information contact coach Brandon Keller 226-5730.

Horizon Middle School: Organizational meeting, Aug. 24, 7 p.m., cafetorium.
Practice, Aug. 25. For more information, contact coordinator Dan Taylor at
dtaylor@mohs.org.

Simle Middle School: Practice, 5 p.m., Aug. 24 at 16th St. baseball diamonds.

Wachter Middle School:Back to Sports Night, 7 p.m. Practice, 7-8th grades,
4:30-6 p.m., WMS Field.

Girls swimming

Bismarck: Aug. 17, 3:30 p.m., YMCAPool. For more information contact coach
Kristen Peters 425-3918.

Century: Aug. 17, 3:30 p.m., YMCAPool. For more information contact coach Loic
Joseph 400-0593.

Mandan:Grades 7-12, Aug. 17, 9 a.m., Community Center. Parent meeting, Aug. 25,
6 p.m., high school cafeteria.

Boys tennis

Bismarck: Aug. 10, 9 a.m., Tom O'Leary Courts. Contact coach Justin Zainhofsky
for more information 471-9725.

Century: Aug. 10, 9 a.m., Sertoma Park Courts. For more information contact
coach Scott McPherson 391-4874.

Mandan:Grades 7-12, Aug. 10, 9 a.m., MS tennis courts. Parent meeting, Aug. 3,
6:30 p.m., high school cafeteria.

Volleyball:

Bismarck: Juniors and seniors - Aug. 17, 8 a.m. and 2:30 p.m., BHS Karlgaard
Gym. Sophomores - Aug. 17, 10:30 a.m., BHS Karlgaard Gym. Freshmen - Aug. 17, 4
p.m., BHS Karlgaard Gym. For more information contact coaches Jessica Andersen
400-8317 or Lisa Krom 223-9947.

Century: Juniors and seniors - Aug. 17, 3:30 p.m., CHS Olson Gym. Sophomores -
Aug. 17, 5:30 p.m., CHS Olson Gym. Freshman - Aug. 17, 7:30 p.m., CHS Olson Gym.
For more information contact coach Jeni Walsh 255-0818.

Mandan:Grades 9-12 Aug. 17, 9-11 a.m. and 5-7 p.m., high school gym. Parent
meeting, Aug. 20, 7 p.m., high school gym. Middle school Grade 8, Aug. 24,
3:30-5:15 p.m., MS gym. Grade 7, Aug. 24, 3:30-5:15 p.m., MS gym. 8th grade
parent meeting, Aug. 17, 5:30 p.m., MS gym. 7th grade parent meeting, Aug. 17,
6:30 p.m., MS gym.

Horizon Middle School: Grade 8 - Organizational meeting, Aug. 20, 10 a.m., West
Gym. Practice, Aug. 24. Grade 7 - Organizational meeting, Aug. 20, 10 a.m., East
Gym. Practice, Aug. 24.

Simle Middle School: Grade 8 - Practice, 3:30 p.m., Aug. 24. Grade 7 - Practice,
5 p.m., Aug. 24.

Wachter Middle School:Back to Sports Night, Aug. 20, 7 p.m. Grade 7 Aug. 24,
4:30-6:30 p.m., Wachter gyms. Grade 8 4-6 p.m., Wachter gyms

Parent meeting

Simle Middle School: Parents of students who will be participating in extra
curricular activites at any time during the 2009-2010 school year: Aug. 26, 6:30
p.m., Simle Middle School auditorium. At least one parent must accompany their
child to this meeting.

Wachter Middle School: Back to Sports Night, Aug. 20, Wachter Auditorium for all
parents and athletes who want to competed in 7th and 8th grade sports. There
will be a presentation on sportsmanship and a video. Parents can fill out
paperwork and pay fees.

* For more information on Mandan sports, call the activities office at 663-2517.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2009 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              532 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            August 6, 2009 Thursday

AREA SPORTS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 1669 words


COLLEGE FOOTBALL

BOHL TO BE MARRIED

FARGO (AP) - North Dakota State University head football coach Craig Bohl is
engaged to be married.

The 51-year-old coach plans to tie the knot with 33-year-old Ryan Kelly, a Fargo
radio personality.

The two have been dating for about three years, since Bohl made an appearance on
Kelly's radio show.

Kelly says she didn't know anything about football when she met Bohl. He once
gave her a crash course over lunch using sugar packets as players. Now, she
attends all Bison home games and most away games.

The couple is planning a February wedding.

COLLEGE ATHLETICS

UND'S INTERLOCKING 'ND' LOGO GETS MAKEOVER

GRAND FORKS (AP) - University of North Dakota athletic director Brian Faison
says there is no hidden agenda in the school's makeover of its interlocking "ND"
imagery.

Faison says the school will continue to also use its Fighting Sioux logo.

The Indian head logo and the school's Fighting Sioux nickname have long been
targets of people who believe they demean American Indians. UND plans to retire
them on Aug. 1, 2010, unless the Standing Rock and Spirit Lake Sioux tribes
agree by Oct. 1 to give UND permission to use them for at least 30 years.

UND, which is moving from NCAA Division II to Division I in athletics, says the
redesign of the interlocking "ND" is part of an effort to build a stronger brand
and achieve more consistency with its uniforms and merchandise.

BASEBALL

CENTRAL PLAINS REGIONAL

At Minnetonka, Minn.

Thursday-Monday

Thursday

Game 1: Festus (Mo.) Post 253 (34-3) vs. Rapid City (S.D.) Post 22 (43-19), 9:30
a.m.

Game 2: Omaha (Neb.) Post 1 (31-15) vs. Dubuque (Iowa) Post 6, doubleheader.

Game 3: Dickinson Post 3 (38-9) vs. Apple Valley (Minn.) 1776 (38-9), 4:30 p.m.

Game 4:Pittsburg (Kan.) Post 64 (28-3) vs. Minnetona (Minn.) Post 259,
doubleheader.

Friday

Game 5: Loser Game 1 vs. Loser Game 3, 9:30 a.m.

Game 6:Loser Game 2 vs. Loser Game 4, doubleheader.

Game 7: Winner Game 1 vs. Winner Game 3, 4:30 p.m.

Game 8:Winner Game 2 vs. Winner Game 4, doubleheader.

Saturday

Game 9: Winner Game 6 vs. Loser Game 7, 12:30 p.m.

Game 10:Winner Game 5 vs. Loser Game 8, 4:30 p.m.

Game 11:Winner Game 7 vs. Winner Game 8, doubleheader.

Sunday

Game 12:Winner Game 9 vs. Loser Game 11, 1 p.m.

Game 13:Winner Game 10 vs. Winner Game 11, 7 p.m.

Monday

Game 14:Winner Game 12 vs. Winner Game 13, 1 p.m.

Game 15:If necessary, 7 p.m.

* Pairings for Game 12 and 13 will not match previous opponents unless
necessary.

* If three teams remain after Game 13, the winner of Game 11 automatically draws
the bye for Game 14.

SENIOR BABE RUTH MIDWEST PLAINS REGIONAL

Monday

At Charleston, Mo.

Missouri 8, Bismarck Reps 5

   Missouri     101     410     1               8       9       4
   Reps 004     010     0               5       6       2


Connor Scott, Steven Dooley (6) and Zach Rowland; Tom Keller, Steve Slaubaugh
(4) and Nick Jangula. W Scott; L Slaubaugh; S Dooley. HR None.

Highlights:R Dan Bihrle 2-for-4, 2 RBIs, 2 2B.

GOLF

HOLE IN ONE

Debbie Gienger of Bismarck aced hole No. 15 at Medora's Bully Pulpit Golf Course
on Sunday. She drove the ball 92 yards with a 7-iron. The witness was Katie
Bommersbach.

ANNOUNCEMENTS

FALL SPORTS

Cross country

Bismarck: Boys - Aug. 10, 9 a.m., Karlgaard Gym. For more information contact
coaches Darrell Anderson 391-8880 or Dave Zittleman 471-1557. Girls - Aug. 10,
8:30 a.m., Karlgaard Gym. For more information contact coach Scott Reichenberger
400-6134.

Century: Boys - Aug. 10, 9 a.m., CHS boys locker room. For more information
contact coach Brad Lies 258-3861. Girls - Aug. 10, 8:30 a.m., CHS girls locker
room. For more information contact coach Julie Stavn 258-4218.

Mandan: Grades 9-12, Aug. 10, 9 a.m., Faris Field. High school parent meeting,
Aug. 13, 6:30 p.m., Eagles Park. Grades 7-8, Aug. 10, 9 a.m., Faris Field.
Middle school parent meeting, Aug. 13, 6:30 p.m., Eagles Park.

Horizon Middle School: Practice, Aug. 24, 3:30 p.m. Meet in the hall between the
two gyms.

Simle Middle School: Practice, Aug. 24, 4 p.m. at the school.

Wachter Middle School: Back to Sports Night, Aug. 20, 7 p.m. Practice, will be
announced at Back to Sports Night.

Football

Bismarck: Grades 10-12 - Aug. 12, 8 a.m., Hughes Field. Grade 9 - Aug. 12, 9
a.m., Hughes Field. For more information contact coach Mark Gibson 250-1318.

Century: Grades 10-12 - Aug. 12, 8 a.m., Century High School. Grade 9 - Aug. 12,
9 a.m., Century High School. For more information contact coach Ron Wingenbach
255-0183.

Mandan: Grades 9-12 Parent meeting, Aug. 13, 7 p.m., High School Auditorium.
Weightlifting test and gear handout, Aug. 10 and Aug. 11, 8-10:30 a.m., High
School weight room and Faris Field. Practice, Aug. 12, 8-10:30 a.m. and 4-6:30
p.m., Faris Field. Grade 9 Gear handout, Aug. 12, 9 a.m., Faris Field. Practice,
Aug. 12, 9-11:30 a.m. and 4:30-6:30 p.m., Faris Field. Grades 7-8 Practice, Aug.
20, 9-11 a.m., high school football field. 8th grade gear handout, Aug. 19, 8-10
a.m., high school wrestling room. 7th grade gear handout, Aug. 19, 10 a.m. to
noon, high school wrestling room. Parent meeting, Aug. 16, 7 p.m., high school
cafeteria.

St. Mary's:Grades 9-12:Pick up equipment Aug. 11, 1 p.m. seniors and juniors,
1:30 p.m. sophomores and freshmen, 2 p.m. team meeting. Practice begins Aug. 12,
8:30 a.m. team meeting with practice following, 9-10:30 a.m. first practice, 11
a.m.-12:30 p.m. second practice. Thursday practices first practice 9-10:30 a.m.,
second practice 11 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Friday practices first practice 9-10:30 a.m.,
second practice 11 a.m.-12:30 p.m. Saturday practice 9-11:30 a.m. Questions:call
Dan Smrekar at 223-4113 or 673-3332.

Horizon Middle School: Grade 8 - Gear handout, 9 a.m. Aug. 20. Practice, Aug.
24, 3:30 p.m. Grade 7 - Gear handout, 1 p.m. Aug. 20. Practice, Aug. 24, 3:30
p.m.

Simle Middle School: Grade 8 - Gear handout, 4 p.m. Aug. 19. Practice, Aug. 24,
3:30 p.m. Grade 7 - Gear handout, 5 p.m. Aug. 19. Practice, Aug. 24, 3:30 p.m.

Wachter Middle School:Back to Sports Night, Aug. 20, 7 p.m. Practice, 4-5:30
p.m., enter through main entrace.

Girls golf

Bismarck: Aug. 10, 5:30 p.m., Riverwood Golf Course clubhouse. Parent meeting,
Aug. 10, 7 p.m. For more information contact coach Brandon Bondley 400-6247.

Century: Aug. 10, 8 a.m., Riverwood Golf Course. For more information contact
coach Lynn Gress 224-8675.

Mandan:Grades 7-12, Aug. 10, 9 a.m., Prairie West. Parent meeting, Aug. 11, 7
p.m., Prairie West. For more information, call Dean Johs at 471-3403.

Simle Middle School: Practice with either Bismarck or Century.

Boys golf

Simle Middle School: Practice, 5:30 p.m., Aug. 24 at Pebble Creek Golf Course.

Wachter Middle School:Back to Sports Night, Aug. 20, 7 p.m. Practice, announced
at Back to Sports Night.

Boys soccer

Bismarck: Aug. 10, Cottonwood Park, 5 p.m. For more information contact coach
Tim Green 202-0918.

Century:Parent and player meeting, July 28, 7 p.m. at Century High School.
Tryouts Aug. 10-14. For more information call Joel Jahnke, 400-2040.

Mandan:Grades 9-12, Aug. 10, 5 p.m., soccer fields. Parent meeting, Aug. 3, 5:30
p.m., soccer fields.

St. Marys: First practice, Aug. 10, 5-7 p.m. at Solheim soccer fields. For more
information contact coach Brandon Keller 226-5730.

Horizon Middle School: Organizational meeting, Aug. 24, 7 p.m., cafetorium.
Practice, Aug. 25. For more information, contact coordinator Dan Taylor at
dtaylor@mohs.org.

Simle Middle School: Practice, 5 p.m., Aug. 24 at 16th St. baseball diamonds.

Wachter Middle School:Back to Sports Night, 7 p.m. Practice, 7-8th grades,
4:30-6 p.m., WMS Field.

Girls swimming

Bismarck: Aug. 17, 3:30 p.m., YMCAPool. For more information contact coach
Kristen Peters 425-3918.

Century: Aug. 17, 3:30 p.m., YMCAPool. For more information contact coach Loic
Joseph 400-0593.

Mandan:Grades 7-12, Aug. 17, 9 a.m., Community Center. Parent meeting, Aug. 25,
6 p.m., high school cafeteria.

Boys tennis

Bismarck: Aug. 10, 9 a.m., Tom O'Leary Courts. Contact coach Justin Zainhofsky
for more information 471-9725.

Century: Aug. 10, 9 a.m., Sertoma Park Courts. For more information contact
coach Scott McPherson 391-4874.

Mandan:Grades 7-12, Aug. 10, 9 a.m., MS tennis courts. Parent meeting, Aug. 3,
6:30 p.m., high school cafeteria.

Volleyball:

Bismarck: Juniors and seniors - Aug. 17, 8 a.m. and 2:30 p.m., BHS Karlgaard
Gym. Sophomores - Aug. 17, 10:30 a.m., BHS Karlgaard Gym. Freshmen - Aug. 17, 4
p.m., BHS Karlgaard Gym. For more information contact coaches Jessica Andersen
400-8317 or Lisa Krom 223-9947.

Century: Juniors and seniors - Aug. 17, 3:30 p.m., CHS Olson Gym. Sophomores -
Aug. 17, 5:30 p.m., CHS Olson Gym. Freshman - Aug. 17, 7:30 p.m., CHS Olson Gym.
For more information contact coach Jeni Walsh 255-0818.

Mandan:Grades 9-12 Aug. 17, 9-11 a.m. and 5-7 p.m., high school gym. Parent
meeting, Aug. 20, 7 p.m., high school gym. Middle school Grade 8, Aug. 24,
3:30-5:15 p.m., MS gym. Grade 7, Aug. 24, 3:30-5:15 p.m., MS gym. 8th grade
parent meeting, Aug. 17, 5:30 p.m., MS gym. 7th grade parent meeting, Aug. 17,
6:30 p.m., MS gym.

Horizon Middle School: Grade 8 - Organizational meeting, Aug. 20, 10 a.m., West
Gym. Practice, Aug. 24. Grade 7 - Organizational meeting, Aug. 20, 10 a.m., East
Gym. Practice, Aug. 24.

Simle Middle School: Grade 8 - Practice, 3:30 p.m., Aug. 24. Grade 7 - Practice,
5 p.m., Aug. 24.

Wachter Middle School:Back to Sports Night, Aug. 20, 7 p.m. Grade 7 Aug. 24,
4:30-6:30 p.m., Wachter gyms. Grade 8 4-6 p.m., Wachter gyms

Parent meeting

Simle Middle School: Parents of students who will be participating in extra
curricular activites at any time during the 2009-2010 school year: Aug. 26, 6:30
p.m., Simle Middle School auditorium. At least one parent must accompany their
child to this meeting.

Wachter Middle School: Back to Sports Night, Aug. 20, Wachter Auditorium for all
parents and athletes who want to competed in 7th and 8th grade sports. There
will be a presentation on sportsmanship and a video. Parents can fill out
paperwork and pay fees.

* For more information on Mandan sports, call the activities office at 663-2517.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2009 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              533 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                              May 27, 2007 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

Magazine took cheap shot at clubhouse men

BYLINE: Philadelphia Daily News

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C06

LENGTH: 707 words

DATELINE: PHILADELPHIA -


Until Kirk Radomski came along, you probably never thought much about baseball's
clubhouse men. And that's all right.

They put in long hours doing work that isn't very glamorous. That's all right,
too.

What isn't all right is the fact that a former Mets clubhouse attendant being
involved in selling steroids to players is being used to slime a group of people
who, for the most part, are just doing their jobs.

ESPN: The Magazine recently published a cover story with a provocative headline
- The Secret Keepers - using Radomski as a jumping-off point for an
innuendo-filled article that also managed to demean them as "gofers and
lickspittles." An ESPN.com column casually referred to them as jockstrap
picker-uppers and glorified gofers, among other terms of endearment.

Time out.

Yes, clubhouse attendants have almost unparalleled access to players. The
suggestion that this proximity inevitably leads to criminal behavior, of course,
is ludicrous. While Radomski might have parlayed his connections into a business
that now has him facing 25 years in jail and up to $500,000 in fines, working
for the team was hardly mandatory to make those connections. BALCO founder
Victor Conte never did, but easily found a market for his products. Greg
Anderson, personal trainer for Barry Bonds who's now doing time for refusal to
testify against the slugger, met Bonds in a gym.

Yes, clubhouse attendants have a front-row seat to the human frailties of
superstar athletes. If a player has a drinking problem, is going through marital
problems, is a jerk, is arrested or gets into a fight with a teammate, the
clubhouse worker probably knows about it. And keeps his mouth shut. There was a
time when discretion was considered an honorable trait.

Yes, clubhouse attendants pick up dirty clothes off the floor, will run out for
food if a player asks or do any number of personal favors for players. And as
long as they're doing nothing illegal or immoral, what exactly is the problem?

Many people who work around the clubhouse have been on the job for years. Adam
Bodzin, from Cherry Hill, N.J., didn't last. He was a Phillies' bat boy 10 years
ago. Now he's a doctor at Thomas Jefferson University Hospital.

Sean Bowers still works in the Phillies' clubhouse. He recently graduated from
Holy Family University after winning the Major League Baseball Equipment
Managers Association's top scholarship grant four years in a row.

So if you do think of baseball's clubhouse men, please think of them instead of
Radomski.

THE HOT CORNER

* There's a growing sense that the last-place Rangers could move designated
hitter Mark Teixeira before the trading deadline. "We're not in a position where
we can't at least listen to what's out there," admitted general manager Jon
Daniels.

* Twins center fielder Torii Hunter said during the playoffs last year that,
while he'd love to remain in Minnesota, if he ever became a free agent, "The
first place I'd try to sign with would be Ron Washington's team." A few weeks
later, Washington was hired as the Rangers' manager. Hunter can be a free agent
at the end of the season.

AROUND THE BASES

* Japanese stars who could get a look from major league teams this winter:
centerfielder Kosuke Fukodome (.320-9-35 through 44 games with the Chunichi
Dragons) and pitcher Hiroki Kuroda (4-2, 2.72 in eight starts for the Hirsoshima
Carp).

* Taking in a game together at San Francisco's AT&T Park on Wednesday were
Giants Hall of Famer Willie Mays and Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.

* Mets third baseman David Wright says it's really too early to talk about, but
he probably would participate in the All-Star Home Run Derby this year if asked.
He had 20 homers at the break last season, finished second to Ryan Howard in the
derby and then hit six the rest of the year.

COMEBACK OF THE WEEK

The White Sox scored 18 runs in their first three games after Jim Thome
(strained rib-cage muscle) came off the disabled list. They had been averaging
3.8 runs in their first 38 games. Can one batter make that much difference?

"Without a doubt," hitting coach Greg Walker said. "Hitting's contagious. Some
will disagree with me, but the game is so much mental that you get a big boy in
there like that. He's a special player and our guys know it."

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              534 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                          February 28, 2007 Wednesday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

Famous or infamous?

BYLINE: MELANIE AVE, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1015 words



HIGHLIGHT: Some say the official state song, sung from a slave's perspective,
should be replaced.


Florida's famous state song about the Suwannee River, considered by many to be
racially insensitive, is entering troubled waters yet again.

A legislator wants to find a new song to replace Old Folks at Home, and Gov.
Charlie Crist agrees.

"There are lyrics in it that are, in the opinion of some, a derogatory reference
to some time in our historical past that involves slavery," Crist said. "I can't
condone it."

Crist, who decided not to play the state song at his January inauguration, met
last week with state Sen. Tony Hill, D-Jacksonville, who is pushing to replace
it.

Stephen Foster, who was white, wrote the song in 1851 for a minstrel show in the
voice of a black slave longing for "de old plantation." It became Florida's
state song in 1935.

Better known as Way Down Upon the Swanee River, the song's chorus uses "darkeys"
to refer to African-Americans. Foster intended it as a way to humanize slaves,
but critics say it now demeans blacks.

"The time that that song was adopted," Hill said, "is not the Florida we know
today."

Hill wants Crist to lead the effort to change the song and solicit proposals for
a new one. Crist said he is reviewing Hill's proposal but would sign a bill to
change the song.

No bill has been filed.

At least two efforts to change the song failed in the Legislature in the past 20
years when supporters successfully argued how much it contributed to Florida's
history and tourism.

Some supporters say the offensive words in the song should simply be replaced.

"It made the Suwannee River popular all over the world," said Frank Thomas, 63,
of Lake Wales, a white folk singer who has written more than 500 songs about the
state. "I don't think any song today would be up to the standard."

Offensive lyrics

Thomas often performs the song at the annual Florida Folk Festival at the
Stephen Foster Folk Culture Center State Park in White Springs on the Suwannee.

Like many singers, including those at Jeb Bush's two inaugurations as governor,
he replaces other words for "darkeys."

African-American state Rep. Frank Peterman, D-St. Petersburg, said lawmakers
need to review the song, and if it's not retired, it should at least be altered.

"It seems to me that at least the parts that are offensive those need to be
changed," he said.

But state Sen. Arthenia Joyner, D-Tampa and a member of the black caucus, says
Florida needs a more appropriate song because it makes too many people cringe.

"The song needs to be taken off life support and killed," said Joyner.

Born in 1826, Stephen Foster spent most of his life in Pittsburgh and never
stepped foot in Florida or laid eyes on the Suwannee.

Foster originally used South Carolina's Pee Dee River but changed it to the
Suwannee to fit the poetic meter of the lyrics, according to the University of
Pittsburgh's Center for American Music at the Stephen Foster Memorial. His
version misspells the river's name.

It was the most popular song of its time, selling hundreds of thousands sheet
music long before recordings.

Foster hoped the song would show white audiences that slaves were "fully human,"
with the same hopes and dreams as whites, said Deane Root, director of the
Center for American Music at the University of Pittsburgh.

He said the song is no longer protected by copyright laws, so lawmakers could
easily change the offending lyrics.

"The song is so widely known all over world whether not it's retired by the
state of Florida isn't going to change the popularity of the song," Root said.

"It is possible to have state song and have no controversy whatsoever. A lot of
states have those songs and most people have not heard of them."

Precedent for change

Change or revising a state song is not unusual.

Old Folks at Home was not even Florida's first state song. It replaced Florida,
My Florida, by the Rev. Dr. C.V. Waugh, adopted by the Legislature in 1913.

In 1986, Kentucky modernized the lyrics of the Foster tune My Old Kentucky Home,
Good Night! by changing "darkies" to "people."

In 1997, Virginia lawmakers retired Carry Me Back to Old Virginny because of
lyrics like "old massa." It became "state song emeritus" but 10 years later
lawmakers have yet to choose a replacement.

In Florida, some lawmakers say Crist's inauguration last month proved Old Folks
at Home is finally on its way out.

State Rep. Dennis Baxley, R-Ocala, a descendant of a Confederate soldier, says
he is saddened by the latest move.

Changing the song, Baxley says, would be a politically correct rewriting of
history.

"The roots of Florida are deep and Southern," said Baxley, adding: "It just
seems in this age of multiculturalism we can celebrate everyone's culture but
mine."

At Crist's inauguration, the Boys' Choir of Tallahassee sang Florida's Song by
Charles Atkins, a 62-year-old blind piano instructor at Florida State
University.

Atkins would love his tune, inspired by Ray Charles, to become the new state
song.

But even if it doesn't reach such distinction, he says Florida lawmakers should
send Foster's song down the river.

"The state," Atkins said, "needs a nicer song to represent it."

Times researcher Angie Drobnic Holan and staff writer Steve Bousquet contributed
to this report. Melanie Ave can be reached at (727) 893-8813 or
mave@sptimes.com.

OUR STATE SONG

Old Folks at Home

Way down upond de Swanee ribber,

Far, far away,

Dere's wha my heart is turning ebber,

Dere's wha de old folks stay.

All up and down de whole creation,

Sadly I roam,

Still longing for de old plantation,

And for de old folks at home.

Chorus:

All de world am sad and dreary,

Ebry where I roam,

Oh! darkeys how my heart grows weary,

Far from de old folks at home.

All round de little farm I wandered

When I was young,

Den many happy days I squandered,

Many de songs I sung.

When I was playing wid my brudder

Happy was I

Oh! take me to my kind old mudder,

Dere let me live and die.

One little hut among de bushes,

One dat I love,

Still sadly to my mem'ry rushes,

No matter where I rove

When will I see de bees a humming

All round de comb?

When will I hear de banjo tumming

Down in my good old home?

Source: Stephen Foster Memorial at the Center for American Music, University of
Pittsburgh.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Foster Hall Collection, Center for American Music, University of
Pittsburgh Library System: This page from Stephen Foster's sketchbook shows in
his handwriting the lyrics to the song Old Folks at Home. Notice on the second
line of the song where he changed a word to say Swanee. PHOTO: Stephen Foster
PHOTO: Gov. Charlie Crist chose not to use the song during his inauguration. He
supports replacing it.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              535 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 21, 1985, Saturday, Final Edition

KEN DENLINGER;
For Gibbs, 'Tis Season To Be Loyal

SECTION: Sports; B1

LENGTH: 917 words


Some semblance of spine remains in the Giants, right? These are the wimps who
have managed to slink out of town and still get away with calling themselves the
New York Giants. These are the macho men who demean female reporters, the
bumblers who have lost two of their last three games. They still have enough
gumption today to beat the Steelers at home, in New Jersey, don't they?

Probably.

As a favor to their beloved friends, the Redskins, the Cowboys will be inspired
beyond human comprehension Sunday to beat the 49ers. To keep this mission of
mercy fresh at all times, each Cowboy will tape a picture of Mark May to his
helmet. In the final touch of hands before kickoff, Randy White will scream:
"Let's win it for Theismann!"

And Santa will shave his head.

So the Redskins, very likely, will be at peace this Christmas, out of the
playoffs unless the Giants fold by midafternoon today or the Cowboys, for no
special reason, take their hearts along to San Francisco Sunday.

This assumes that the Redskins will not dunk their already slim chances in the
Mississippi. Surprise! They are favored by fewer points, against a bad Cardinals
team evidently in dissension, than the Giants and 49ers. Wouldn't all three
teams losing rank down there with icy roads in Washington?

Whatever, some impressions solidified after 15 weeks will remain mostly
unchanged whether the Redskins' season ends tonight or Sunday night, next week
or next month.

The first holiday toast is to Joe Gibbs, for refusing to put a word on waivers:
loyalty. For the players who have gone the extra mile for him over the years,
the coach has sprinted two. This surely is one of the reasons his teams play so
well late in the season. Veterans really do get the benefit of most doubts.

I'm a loyalty guy. I say anyone in any subjective line of work, such as the NFL,
ought to be let go a season too late instead of a season too soon. The running
attack had to reach bog stage before Gibbs turned it over to George Rogers; Joe
Theismann's leg was broken before the coach broke faith with his quarterback;
Mark Moseley will have to kick himself out of Gibbs' heart.

Once Gibbs goes bottom-line, once he decides transition is necessary at a
position, the new fellow gets as much loyalty as he merits. Rogers fumbled three
times last Sunday against the Bengals and John Riggins was pawing the sideline
in anticipation. Most fans wanted Riggins. Some shouted that sentiment toward
Gibbs, who stayed loyal to the new man.

Rogers ran 34 yards for the winning touchdown.

Usually, the replacements do well. So the next salute is to the scouts who find
them and the assistant coaches who train them. For the most part, the rookies in
the secondary have done well; Dean Hamel sometimes has been exceptional on the
defensive line; no intern filled in for an experienced doctor any better than
Raleigh McKenzie did for Russ Grimm during that emergency Sunday.

When Theismann was wheeled out of RFK Stadium against the Giants five games ago,
I scribbled on a notepad: "Season finished." The team is 4-1 under Jay Schroeder
which, considering his near-total lack of game experience, is a bit like some
fresh-faced lieutenant charging onto the scene and saying to Custer on
third-and-long: "I believe I can turn things around here."

In the enthusiasm for Schroeder, Theismann should be neither underestimated nor
ignored. He almost always has accomplished what he set out to do in football,
often against great odds. If he mends mentally as much as physically, for
blitzes seemed to be getting him before Lawrence Taylor and Gary Reasons did,
Gibbs will have two quality quarterbacks to choose from.

That also would be a tough loyalty test.

If 10-6 is not quite good enough for the postseason, weeping about fickle
fortune should not last too long. The wild-card concept is a dumb idea in the
first place. Before it was in fashion, in 1967, the Colts finished 11-1-2 and
missed the playoffs. The 1939 Redskins were even more unlucky than the 1985 team
might be, ending 8-2-1 and a game behind the Giants in the Eastern Division.

Should these Redskins find themselves out of the playoffs after the weekend, the
actual time and place that determined that outcome would be Sept. 22 in RFK
Stadium at about 3:27 p.m. In play-by-play shorthand, this was the crime:
"Cunningham pass to E. Jackson on 14, carried in for touchdown."

That would be Randall Cunningham, the Eagles' version of Jay Schroeder,
scrambling and dumping the ball to Earnest Jackson for the touchdown that
assured a Redskins loss to a team sad enough to eventually get its coach fired.
Of the Redskins' six losses, so far, that is the only one to a clearly inferior
team.

The season drew focus on two players, Neal Olkewicz and Grimm, for the same
reason. Middle linebacker Olkewicz has been underappreciated by almost everyone
outside Redskin Park since he arrived as a free agent from Maryland seven years
ago; Grimm is almost automatic as a Pro Bowl guard.

What they share is a passion for the game that would make them comfortable and
popular on any team in any era. You could see Grimm wrapping himself with
however much tape it took to allow his body to protect Sammy Baugh's; Olkewicz
would enjoy sticking his beard, unprotected by a face bar, in Bronco Nagurski's
chest.

Football is not much more complex than talented tough guys blotting out pain and
punching a clock each Sunday. Gibbs adores them, and sees they stay around as
long as possible.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, John Riggins kept his helmet handy, poised to enter Sunday's
game, but Coach Joe Gibbs stayed loyal to his new running back, George Rogers.
By Rich Lipski -- The Washington Post

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                              536 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             December 15, 1982, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

CUOMO PLANS BIG BUT LOW-COST INAUGURAL

BYLINE: By MICHAEL ORESKES

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 264 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, Dec. 14


Governor-elect Mario M. Cuomo said today that more people would be invited to
witness his swearing-in on Jan. 1 than had attended any recent gubernatorial
inauguration, and at less cost.

''We're going to do more with less,'' said Mr. Cuomo, sounding a theme he hopes
will also be seen as a cornerstone of his new administration.

With the recession, high unemployment and serious budget deficits, Mr. Cuomo
said, his original instinct was not to have any inaugural ceremonies. But his
advisers persuaded him, he said, that that would demean the dignity of the
office.

So, instead, members of Mr. Cuomo's staff are organizing what they like to call
a ''people's inaugural,'' to include political opponents of Mr. Cuomo and a
reception at which guests will be served wine, cheese and sausage, all donated
by New Yorkers.

There will be no inaugural ball, and for the first time in three decades, the
inauguration will not be held in the chamber of the State Assembly. It is to be
held, instead, in the Convention Hall of the Nelson A. Rockefeller Empire State
Plaza. The hall holds 3,000 people, more than three times the number that can be
squeezed into the Assembly chamber.

Among those invited, Mr. Cuomo said, are Lewis E. Lehrman, his Republican
opponent for Governor; Robert Bonner, the Right to Life candidate, and Mayor
Koch, whom he defeated in the Democratic primary.

The cost of the inaugural was placed at $43,000 by Tonio Burgos, Mr. Cuomo's
executive assistant and organizer of the inauguration.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of N.Y. state polliticians

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              537 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Sunday Independent

                                 June 26, 2016
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

TRUMP FINDS FEW ALLIES TO DANCE TO HIS TUNE;
Many experienced political strategists are unwilling to work for the Republican
candidate, writes Bill Barrow

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 1353 words


DONALD Trump has finally conceded that to best compete against Hillary Clinton
he needs more than the bare-bones campaign team that led him to primary success.
But many of the most experienced Republican political advisers aren't willing to
work for him.

From Texas to New Hampshire, well-respected members of the Republican Party's
professional class say they cannot look past their deep personal and
professional reservations about the presumptive presidential nominee.

While there are exceptions, many strategists who best understand the mechanics
of presidential politics fear that taking a Trump pay cheque might stain their
CVs, spook clients and cause problems at home. They also are reluctant to devote
months to a divisive candidate whose campaign has been plagued by infighting and
disorganisation.

"Right now I feel no obligation to lift a finger to help Donald Trump," said
Brent Swander, an Ohio-based operative who has coordinated nationwide logistics
for Republican campaigns dating back to George Bush.

"Everything that we're taught as children - not to bully, not to demean, to
treat others with respect - everything we're taught as children is the exact
opposite of what the Republican nominee is doing. How do you work for somebody
like that? What would I tell my family?" Trump leapt into presidential politics
with a small group of aides, some drafted directly from his real-estate
business, with no experience running a White House campaign. An unquestioned
success in the GOP primaries, they have struggled to respond to the increased
demands of a presidential election.

As in years past, the primary season created a pool of battle-tested staffers
who worked for other candidates, from which Trump would be expected to draw. But
hundreds of such aides have so far declined invitations to work for him.

They include several communications aides to Chris Christie, as well as the New
Jersey governor's senior political adviser, Michael DuHaime, who said he
rejected direct and indirect enquiries to sign on with the billionaire.

Chris Wilson, a senior aide to Ted Cruz, said the Texas senator's entire paid
staff of more than 150 ignored encouragement from Trump's team to apply for
positions after Cruz quit the presidential race. Wilson said that even now, many
unemployed Cruz aides are refusing to work for the man who called their former
boss "Lyin' Ted".

That's the case for Scott Smith, a Texas-based operative who travelled the
country planning events for Cruz, and earlier worked on presidential bids for
Bush and Texas Governor Rick Perry.

"It's very clear that none of us are going to work for Trump," Smith said. "Even
if I wanted to work for Trump, my wife would kill me."

Smith, like many experienced strategists interviewed for this story, noted the
intense personal sacrifice required of presidential campaigns. Many advisers do
not see their families for long stretches, work brutal hours on little sleep and
enjoy no job security.

With Trump, Smith said: "I would feel like a mercenary. I can't be away from my
young children if it's just for money."

"  Trump's need for additional staff is acute. His paltry fundraising network
brought in less than $2m last month. He has just one paid staffer to handle
hundreds of daily media requests and onlyfew operatives in battleground states
devoted to his White House bid.

Last month, Trump fired Rick Wiley, who was the campaign manager for Wisconsin
governor Scott Walker, a former 2016 candidate, and was brought in to run
Trump's nationwide get-out-the-vote effort. Last Monday, Trump fired campaign
manager Corey Lewandowski, who acknowledged he lacked the experience needed to
expand Trump's operation.

"This campaign needs to grow rapidly," Lewandowski said. "That's a hard job and
candidly I've never grown something that big."

Campaign spokeswoman Hope Hicks did not respond to multiple requests for comment
about the campaign's hiring. A former adviser, Barry Bennett, played down any
staffing challenges, suggesting the campaign should be able to double its
contingent by the party's national convention next month.

We are working as we speak with the Clinton campaign to see what kind of
agreements we can work out."

guarantee healthcare as a right, that we should raise the minimum wage to $15,
that we need new trade policies."

he's happy working for a consulting firm, where he's involved with various other
elections across the country, as well as with corporate clients. "When you sign
up for a campaign, you're putting your name on the effort. Some of the things
that Trump has said publicly are very hard for people to get behind."

Asked if that included discussion of a future job, he said: "That's what we're
doing too, so don't tell anybody."

Trump announced four new hires last week to supplement a staff of about 70.
That's compared with Clinton's paid presence of roughly 700, many of them
well-versed in modern political strategy.

The campaign between Mrs Clinton and Mr Sanders became increasingly bitter, with
some of his supporters declaring they would never vote for the former first
lady.

Mrs Clinton declared herself the presumptive Democratic nominee more than two
weeks ago but Mr Sanders has refused to drop out of the race.

Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee, has made a series of advances
to Sanders supporters urging them to vote for him, claiming they share his anger
at the political establishment.

But Paduchik offered the kind of positive perspective expected of a campaign on
the move. "It's been great, the response I've gotten. Republicans in every
corner of Ohio are excited about Mr Trump's campaign."

Trump's senior team, including campaign chief Paul Manafort and newly hired
political director Jim Murphy, largely represent an older generation of
political hands more active in the 1980s and 1990s. The campaign's new Ohio
director, Bob Paduchik, led state efforts for Bush's 2000 and 2004 campaigns.

Mr Sanders said he now recognised his opponent was in a winning position, having
secured more delegates during the months-long state by state primary race.

Meanwhile on the Democratic side, Bernie Sanders, the socialist senator who
ignited the race for the Democratic nomination, has effectively admitted defeat
by saying he will vote for Hillary Clinton.

He said: "I'm pretty good at arithmetic. I don't have the votes to become the
Democratic nominee, I know that." His campaign will continue into the party's
convention next month where Mr Sanders will push Mrs Clinton to adopt some of
his left-wing policies.

Asked if he himself could ever vote for the billionaire businessman, Mr Sanders
said: "Oh God, please. I will do everything I can to defeat Donald Trump. In so
many ways he'd be a disaster for this country. We do not need a president who
has bigotry as the cornerstone of his campaign.

A new generation of top talent active in more recent years has shown little
interest in Trump. In Iowa, experienced operative Sara Craig says she will not
work for Trump or even support him. "I am more interested in working on
down-ballot races," said Craig, who helped elect Joni Ernst to the Senate from
Iowa and directed a pro-Bush super political action committee.

Mr Sanders also disclosed that he was negotiating for a possible position in a
future Clinton administration. He stopped short of officially endorsing his
opponent and did not suspend his campaign, but did speak about it in the past
tense.

He said: "My job as a candidate right now is to fight for the strongest, most
progressive possible platform at the Democratic convention.

"I think, everything being equal, Mrs Clinton should be able to beat him because
he is a very poor candidate."

"There is enormous support for making college tuition free. I would like to hear
Mrs Clinton say yes. I would like to hear her say that we should "  Mr Sanders
said he regarded his campaign as a success: "At the end of the day we did a lot
better and went a lot further than people thought.

Ryan Williams, who worked on Mitt Romney's presidential campaigns, said The
74-year-old senator said: "My vote will in all likelihood go to Hillary Clinton.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SDI


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              538 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            April 11, 2007 Wednesday
                                 Metro Edition

Readers Write

SECTION: NEWS; WASHINGTON; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 1063 words


PELOSI IN SYRIA

GOP was there first

An April 10 letter called House Speaker Nancy Pelosi treasonous and suggested
that she's consorting with "sworn enemies."

Where was this letter writer's outrage when Reps. Frank Wolf of Virginia, Joe
Pitts of Pennsylvania and Robert Aderholt of Alabama (all Republicans) went to
Damascus only a week earlier?

Brian Silver, Lakeville

BUSH VS. STALIN

No comparison

You demean your paper and its patrons when you publish such a hateful political
message as L.K. Hanson's April 9 "You Don't Say."

To compare President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney's administration with
Joseph Stalin's gulags is reprehensible.

Burnham T. Elton, Bloomington

REMEDIAL FINANCE

All ages could use it

Sen. Steve Dille, R-Dassel, may be right that college students often do a poor
job managing their finances ("College students need Money 101, state Senate
says," April 10).

However, they are hardly the only ones to be in that situation. The impending
crisis of subprime loans offers an excellent example. Many holders of adjustable
rate mortgages do not know their consequences. This can result in foreclosures
and a nearly permanent lack of credit.

The financial industry has shown far more enthusiasm toward taking advantage of
ignorance than eradicating it.

Data from financial education programs like the FDIC's Money Smart have
suggested that education can make a substantive difference. A personal finance
course during orientation might be a good idea, but covering credit card debt is
not enough; colleges are intended to educate students for life. Students are not
likely to have personal finance courses easily available to them after
graduation, and their finances will not get simpler.

Colleges have a unique opportunity to step in where banks have not, but even
then Dille should worry about those people who do not go to college and are more
likely to end up in tricky financial situations.

Ross Milton, St. Paul

Enroll lawmakers

I applaud Sen. Steve Dille's attempt to teach college students fiscal
responsibility. I hope the governor and Legislature are required to attend this
class and learn not to abuse what they see as their personal credit card - the
taxpayers.

Jim Barrett, Minneapolis

IMUS' REMARKS

Only words

The real problem facing society isn't people like Don Imus making crude comments
on his talk-radio show (Star Tribune, April 7); it's the impact the words of
people like this have on portions of our society.

It's almost as though some people are sitting stiffly upright with clenched fist
listening to the radio, reading the paper or watching television waiting for the
opportunity to explode in anger. The problem isn't people making hurtful or
insensitive comments, the problem is people letting these comments totally
control their lives, especially in the black community. People like the Revs. Al
Sharpton and Jesse Jackson would love for this cycle to continue. For the rest
of us, words only have as much power as we allow them to have.

Rich Remick, Buffalo

Selective outrage

If Don Imus had been a black rapper or comedian calling the Rutgers University
women's basketball players "nappy-headed hos," there would be no outrage from
Jesse Jackson or Al Sharpton.

With all of the brutal, sexist langauge and images seen and heard in rap videos
and music that denigrate African-American women, black America has much bigger
fish to fry than an irrelevant radio shock-jock and his rants against eight
women who go to an excellent university.

Steve Adams, New Hope

No real punishment

After calling members of the Rutgers women's basketball team "nappy-headed hos"
on his radio program, Don Imus and his radio show were suspended for two weeks
by CBS Radio and MSNBC.

This decision seems to be a slap on the wrist. Any individual who values human
rights should be outraged by this meek sentence because Imus will be back on the
air. After such blatant, deliberate and demeaning racial remarks, Imus' show
deserves to be canceled.

This incident is just one of many in Imus' lengthy history of making offensive
racist, misogynistic and homophobic comments.

Imus apologized on air and said he regrets making the inappropriate comments. I
find this difficult to believe, considering this is not his first offense. It is
time to remedy a long-overdue problem and put Imus to rest.

Brianne Clark, Roseville

A double standard

There appears to be a double standard when Al Sharpton and other black leaders
call for the firing of Don Imus and a boycott of his radio-show sponsors when
they ask for no firings or boycotts for the rap industry.

The rap industry has done more damage to the image of black women and the black
community than anything else in American entertainment history. Yet black
leaders are often seen coddling up to rap stars and looking the other way as to
their more serious transgressions.

Corby Pelto, Plymouth

GLOBAL WARMING

Flawed science

It's a bit puzzling that Tuesday's fire-and-brimstone editorial ("Global
warming: It's here, it will get worse"), replete with detailed predictions for
the expected effects from global warming years and decades from now, is based to
a great extent on the same science and technology that we have seen to be at
times incapable of accurately predicting local conditions just hours into the
future.

Myron Papiz, St. Louis Park

LETTER OF THE DAY

Gophers find a class act in Tubby Smith

I want to congratulate the University of Minnesota for the best hiring coup in
history by bringing in Tubby Smith as its next men's basketball coach.

I'm not just talking about his very considerable talent. Tubby and Donna Smith,
in the 10 years they were at Kentucky, showed themselves to be people of the
highest moral character and standards.

Simply put, no scandal follows Tubby Smith because he is good. One of our local
radio announcers put it best a couple of years ago when, in talking about Tubby,
he said offhandedly, "Because Tubby, of course, is above reproach."

Minnesotans have no idea how lucky they are to be getting him. We'll miss him
and Donna here in Kentucky, but most of us understand why he felt he had to go.

He's going to do great things for the school, and, most importantly, the team's
fans will be able to hold their heads high and know things were done honestly
and fairly and above board.

By the way, he's also a great defensive coach.

Good luck, Tubby and Donna, we love you!

Michelle Goodman, Louisville, Ky.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              539 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               April 30, 1997, Wednesday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

HEIPLE COMMITTEE ADVISED AGAINST POLITICAL WITCH HUNT

BYLINE: Kevin McDermott; Illinois State Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. 02B

LENGTH: 639 words

DATELINE: SPRINGFIELD, ILL.


A procession of legal experts cautioned Illinois legislators Tuesday not to let
their inquiry into Supreme Court Chief Justice James Heiple descend into a
political witch hunt.

Meanwhile, former Gov. James R. Thompson, Heiple's attorney, asserted that
that's exactly what is happening.

"The impeachment power was not intended (for) minor offenses and supposed lapses
in judgment that have been levied against Chief Justice Heiple," Thompson wrote
in a brief presented Tuesday to a House special committee, which met to lay the
groundwork for what might be the first Supreme Court impeachment hearing in
Illinois in more than a century.

"The use of such extraordinary powers to address such issues would trivialize
the Constitution, demean the legislative branch, and work an extreme and
unconstitutional injustice against both the Chief Justice and the people of
Illinois," Thompson wrote.

The 10-member committee is investigating whether the House should start
impeachment proceedings against Heiple. He has been accused of using his
position to get out of several traffic tickets, evading arrest during one
traffic stop and stacking a judicial review panel that was investigating those
allegations.

Thompson and other Heiple defenders, however, have said Heiple's real problems
stem from the high court's decision to take the adopted toddler known as Baby
Richard and return him to biological parents he had never known. Heiple wrote
the unpopular decision for the court's majority.

In its opening organizational meeting, the special committee heard from
attorneys representing three major legal organizations, who were called to
advise the legislators on the impeachment process. Illinois' Constitution is
silent on what constitutes an impeachable offense.

Though none questioned the validity of the House investigation, all three warned
against taking action "because you simply disagree with a particular decision
rendered by Justice Heiple," as Chicago Bar Association President Donald Hubert
put it, "(or) because a particular justice is unpopular."

The attorneys invoked the name of former U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice Earl
Warren several times, noting that Southerners rallied for his impeachment
because of his court's support of landmark civil rights measures.

To allow the public to oust judges because of unpopular decisions, said Illinois
State Bar Association President Ralph Gabric, would destroy the concept of
judicial independence.

"It is important there be no suggestion this investigation encompasses c ourt
rulings," Gabric told the committee.

Thompson pointedly cross-examined each of the attorneys who testified Tuesday,
appearing to lay the groundwork for what has emerged as his core argument: that
even if everything Heiple's critics allege is true, none of his actions merit
impeachment.

The cover page of Thompson's 20-page brief to the commission displays a relevant
part of a transcript from the state's 1970 constitutional convention, referring
to the decision at that time to eliminate "misdemeano rs" as a reason for
impeachment.

". . . They felt that there could be some confusion that a governor or the other
state or civil officers could be impeached for some minor traffic offense, which
is technically a misdemeanor," reads the quote.

Thompson wrote in the brief: "Judges, like the rest of us, are susceptible to
human frailties and lapses in judgment. Chief Justice Heiple is no exception."

"The issue is whether the General Assembly should take the extraordinary step of
exercising its impeachment power . . . even though the allegations . . . do not
involve the treason, bribery or other high crimes. . . . The answer to this
question must be a resounding 'no.' "

The main fact-finding portion of the committee hearings will begin Monday.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 1997

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Photo - (Supreme Court Justice James) Heiple

                  Copyright 1997 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              540 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Waterloo Region Record

                           February 11, 2016 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Another view: Trump win an ominous development

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 443 words


This editorial ran first in the Los Angeles Times:

Before the New Hampshire primary, analysts predicted that Donald Trump would
finish first on the Republican side and that Sen. Bernie Sanders would easily
defeat former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on the Democratic ballot. So it
transpired, but there were also some heartening surprises in Tuesday's results.

First the bad news: Donald Trump's victory in New Hampshire, after his
second-place finish in the Iowa caucuses, is an ominous development. The
Republicans and "undeclared" independents who voted for Trump have entrusted
their hopes to a demagogue with no experience in government who demonizes
minorities, demeans women and promises to reinstitute waterboarding of suspected
terrorists and "a hell of a lot worse." That the voters were driven to support
him by frustration with the unfulfilled promises of professional politicians is
an explanation for their behaviour, but not an excuse.

But if voters in the Republican primary fulfilled one prediction - a Trump
victory - they confounded another: that they would reduce the race to a
three-man contest comprising Trump, the hard-right Sen. Ted Cruz, who finished
first in Iowa, and, as the sole representative of the so-called party
"establishment," the young and comparatively inexperienced Sen. Marco Rubio of
Florida. That didn't happen.

On Tuesday Rubio and Cruz finished well behind Ohio Gov. John Kasich, who scored
a solid second-place finish. Like all of the Republican candidates, Kasich is a
conservative and a critic of the Obama administration. But, like former Florida
Gov. Jeb Bush and New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, Kasich has experience as a
chief executive and recognizes the need to compromise with lawmakers. He's also
called for a more humane version of government than most of his GOP rivals. In
more than one way, Kasich is the anti-Trump.

On the Democratic side, Sanders' impressive victory demonstrates both the appeal
of his populist message and Clinton's failure so far to galvanize many younger
voters, a fact she acknowledged in her concession speech. It also reflects the
fact that New Hampshire is more hospitable to Sanders than coming contests in
other states - including South Carolina - will be. But, coming after he finished
in a near-tie with Clinton in Iowa, Sanders' victory in New Hampshire certifies
him as a serious candidate with staying power and an anti-establishment message
that resonates as powerfully for many Democrats as Trump's does for disaffected
Republicans. That dissatisfaction with the status quo undermines the advantage
Clinton hopes to derive from her long experience in public life.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              541 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                           November 5, 2016 Saturday

Clinton, Trump target different Americas

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 500 words


ATKINSON, N.H. * Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton charged through vastly
different corners of America Friday hunting for vastly different voters in a
final, frantic push that traced the country's geographic, racial and economic
divides.

Clinton and Democratic allies bounced from city to city oters. She was to
campaign in urban centres of Detroit, Pittsburgh and Cleveland on Friday while
President Barack Obama was heading to Charlotte, North Carolina - all cities
where minority voters are crucial.

In Pittsburgh, a city where one in three people is not white, Clinton hammered
Trump as "someone who demeans women, mocks people with disabilities, insults
African-Americans and Latinos and demonizes immigrants and Muslims."

"Everywhere he goes he leaves people behind," Clinton told rowdy supporters.

Trump, meanwhile, was on a tour of rural areas, hoping to boost turnout among
the white, working-class voters drawn to his promise to bring back a lost
America. He started his day Friday in Atkinson, New Hampshire, population 6,800
and almost 98 per cent white, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. From there,
he was bound for Wilmington, Ohio, another overwhelmingly white town where just
13 per cent of residents have a college degree.

Speaking more than 2,000 miles from the Mexican border, Trump drew loud cheers
in Atkinson when he vowed to build a massive wall between the U.S. and Mexico.
The crowd booed when he contended that Clinton supports "open borders."

"Her plans would mean generations of terrorism, extremism and radicalism
spreading into your schools and through your communities," Trump declared.

In spite of a close race in national polling, Trump's path to victory remains
narrow. For example, he must win Florida, where polls show a neck-and-neck race.
His campaign is increasingly looking to make up for losses among suburban
voters, particularly women, by wrestling up new voters in out-of-the-way places.

The candidates' divergent paths highlighted the yawning gaps between race, place
and economics that drive presidential policies.

Trump told his largely white audience in Atkinson that "we have to rebuild our
country."

"They've shipped our jobs and they've shipped our wealth to other countries," he
said. "To all Americans, I say it is time for new leadership."

Trump's dark views on the economy clashed with a new jobs report showing the
unemployment rate declined to 4.9 per cent while wages went up in October. The
report marks 73 straight months of job growth.

But the Republican said the numbers weren't good enough, and he cast doubt on
whether they were accurate.

"These numbers are an absolute disaster," Trump said.

As he spoke, Clinton campaigned in Pittsburgh, delivering a nearly opposite
message. She celebrated what she described as the Rust Belt city's rebirth of
"confidence" and economic renewal. She asked voters to "imagine two different
Americas" - one with Trump in charge, and one with her in the White House.
!@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Telegraph Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              542 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

Honorary degrees raise eyebrows

                               December 25, 2000

Shefali Rekhi


A SURGE in the number of holders of honorary-doctorate degrees in Singapore in
the last two years is raising eyebrows in intellectual circles here.

Most of the recipients are celebrity entrepreneurs.

Yet, their honorary doctorates are not being viewed as awards in recognition of
their work.

Instead, those concerned about the trend are questioning the credibility of
these degrees, given that many are being awarded by institutions which are not
accredited in the United States.

In many cases, the recipients gave a financial contribution to the universities'
endowment funds.

Robotics expert Dr Chuang Ping Derg, who returned from London to work in
Singapore, said: 'I think the practice demeans the status of the PhD.

'The use of the title 'Dr' conveys a different impression and people should be
careful about using it, especially if they are heading publicly-listed
companies.'

Dr Chuang obtained his doctorate in robotics from Imperial College, London.

Two universities more willing to discuss the issue are the Kennedy-Western
University in Cheyenne, Wyoming, and the Honolulu University in Hawaii. Both
universities hold licences in their respective states.

Both are represented by Singapore firm Growth Training International.

Over the last two years, Kennedy-Western University has awarded 19
honorary-doctorate degrees to 'deserving individuals'.

Dr Tan Khian Seng, CEO and principal consultant with Growth Training
International, said: 'We follow a rigorous selection process in which I
interview the candidates before I submit their nominations to the board of the
university in the US.'

Last year, six honorary-doctorate degrees were awarded to entrepreneurs such as
Mr Dennis Wee, managing director of Dennis Wee Realty, Ms Theresa Chew, CEO of
Expressions International and others.

The number of recipients increased to 13 this year.

Recipients include Ms Dora Hoan and Ms Doreen Tan, co-founders of Best World
International, known for their health and beauty products.

In the same period, the average honorarium donated per individual increased from
$ 6,000 last year to $ 12,000 this year.

Many of the recipients did not wish to be interviewed. Those who did said they
had paid as the money was for a social cause.

Ms Hoan said: 'I chose to contribute as it was for cancer-research purposes,
which is in line with our principal business objective.'

Growth Training International follows a similar system of assessment for the
Honolulu University, which is also not accredited in the US. The university
awarded five doctorates this year.

Dr Tan hit out at the notion that this was a money-making venture.

'The universities gain publicity, that's why they are doing it,' he said.

'Kennedy-Western gets billions from its virtual courses, while Honolulu also
gets its funding from the millions flowing in from virtual courses.

'Besides, the contributions are mostly for charitable and educational purposes.'

Details of the institutions' spending were unavailable, although Dr Tan said
Kennedy-Western contributed to breast-cancer research.

Mr R. Palakrishnan, president of the Law Society of Singapore, said: 'It is not
illegal to pay an honorarium and get an honorary-doctorate degree.

'The idea of an honorary degree suggests that it is being conferred due to the
recipient's contribution towards the development of a particular field of study.

'It may be argued, rather tenuously, that, by paying an 'honorarium' towards the
university's endowment fund, some contribution of this nature is being made by
this individual.'

But the lawyer emphasised that the issue was one of regulation of standards.

'Honorary degrees of this nature could be scrutinised if they become so easily
available and are not perceived as being conferred based on merit but rather on
payment.'

However, the Ministry of Education said there was no central authority that
assessed or granted recognition for degrees obtained from overseas universities.

Nevertheless, a demand for greater transparency is gaining momentum.

A recipient, Mr Jeson Wu, CEO of Vlifestyle.com, who does not use the title
'Dr', said proper standards and benchmarks should be specified, so that these
questions did not arise.


SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 716 words

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2000 Singapore Press Holdings Limited


                              543 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

Honorary degrees raise eyebrows

                               December 25, 2000

Shefali Rekhi


A SURGE in the number of holders of honorary-doctorate degrees in Singapore in
the last two years is raising eyebrows in intellectual circles here.

Most of the recipients are celebrity entrepreneurs.

Yet, their honorary doctorates are not being viewed as awards in recognition of
their work.

Instead, those concerned about the trend are questioning the credibility of
these degrees, given that many are being awarded by institutions which are not
accredited in the United States.

In many cases, the recipients gave a financial contribution to the universities'
endowment funds.

Robotics expert Dr Chuang Ping Derg, who returned from London to work in
Singapore, said: 'I think the practice demeans the status of the PhD.

'The use of the title 'Dr' conveys a different impression and people should be
careful about using it, especially if they are heading publicly-listed
companies.'

Dr Chuang obtained his doctorate in robotics from Imperial College, London.

Two universities more willing to discuss the issue are the Kennedy-Western
University in Cheyenne, Wyoming, and the Honolulu University in Hawaii. Both
universities hold licences in their respective states.

Both are represented by Singapore firm Growth Training International.

Over the last two years, Kennedy-Western University has awarded 19
honorary-doctorate degrees to 'deserving individuals'.

Dr Tan Khian Seng, CEO and principal consultant with Growth Training
International, said: 'We follow a rigorous selection process in which I
interview the candidates before I submit their nominations to the board of the
university in the US.'

Last year, six honorary-doctorate degrees were awarded to entrepreneurs such as
Mr Dennis Wee, managing director of Dennis Wee Realty, Ms Theresa Chew, CEO of
Expressions International and others.

The number of recipients increased to 13 this year.

Recipients include Ms Dora Hoan and Ms Doreen Tan, co-founders of Best World
International, known for their health and beauty products.

In the same period, the average honorarium donated per individual increased from
$ 6,000 last year to $ 12,000 this year.

Many of the recipients did not wish to be interviewed. Those who did said they
had paid as the money was for a social cause.

Ms Hoan said: 'I chose to contribute as it was for cancer-research purposes,
which is in line with our principal business objective.'

Growth Training International follows a similar system of assessment for the
Honolulu University, which is also not accredited in the US. The university
awarded five doctorates this year.

Dr Tan hit out at the notion that this was a money-making venture.

'The universities gain publicity, that's why they are doing it,' he said.

'Kennedy-Western gets billions from its virtual courses, while Honolulu also
gets its funding from the millions flowing in from virtual courses.

'Besides, the contributions are mostly for charitable and educational purposes.'

Details of the institutions' spending were unavailable, although Dr Tan said
Kennedy-Western contributed to breast-cancer research.

Mr R. Palakrishnan, president of the Law Society of Singapore, said: 'It is not
illegal to pay an honorarium and get an honorary-doctorate degree.

'The idea of an honorary degree suggests that it is being conferred due to the
recipient's contribution towards the development of a particular field of study.

'It may be argued, rather tenuously, that, by paying an 'honorarium' towards the
university's endowment fund, some contribution of this nature is being made by
this individual.'

But the lawyer emphasised that the issue was one of regulation of standards.

'Honorary degrees of this nature could be scrutinised if they become so easily
available and are not perceived as being conferred based on merit but rather on
payment.'

However, the Ministry of Education said there was no central authority that
assessed or granted recognition for degrees obtained from overseas universities.

Nevertheless, a demand for greater transparency is gaining momentum.

A recipient, Mr Jeson Wu, CEO of Vlifestyle.com, who does not use the title
'Dr', said proper standards and benchmarks should be specified, so that these
questions did not arise.


SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 716 words

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2000 Singapore Press Holdings Limited


                              544 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

Honorary degrees raise eyebrows

                               December 25, 2000

Shefali Rekhi


A SURGE in the number of holders of honorary-doctorate degrees in Singapore in
the last two years is raising eyebrows in intellectual circles here.

Most of the recipients are celebrity entrepreneurs.

Yet, their honorary doctorates are not being viewed as awards in recognition of
their work.

Instead, those concerned about the trend are questioning the credibility of
these degrees, given that many are being awarded by institutions which are not
accredited in the United States.

In many cases, the recipients gave a financial contribution to the universities'
endowment funds.

Robotics expert Dr Chuang Ping Derg, who returned from London to work in
Singapore, said: 'I think the practice demeans the status of the PhD.

'The use of the title 'Dr' conveys a different impression and people should be
careful about using it, especially if they are heading publicly-listed
companies.'

Dr Chuang obtained his doctorate in robotics from Imperial College, London.

Two universities more willing to discuss the issue are the Kennedy-Western
University in Cheyenne, Wyoming, and the Honolulu University in Hawaii. Both
universities hold licences in their respective states.

Both are represented by Singapore firm Growth Training International.

Over the last two years, Kennedy-Western University has awarded 19
honorary-doctorate degrees to 'deserving individuals'.

Dr Tan Khian Seng, CEO and principal consultant with Growth Training
International, said: 'We follow a rigorous selection process in which I
interview the candidates before I submit their nominations to the board of the
university in the US.'

Last year, six honorary-doctorate degrees were awarded to entrepreneurs such as
Mr Dennis Wee, managing director of Dennis Wee Realty, Ms Theresa Chew, CEO of
Expressions International and others.

The number of recipients increased to 13 this year.

Recipients include Ms Dora Hoan and Ms Doreen Tan, co-founders of Best World
International, known for their health and beauty products.

In the same period, the average honorarium donated per individual increased from
$ 6,000 last year to $ 12,000 this year.

Many of the recipients did not wish to be interviewed. Those who did said they
had paid as the money was for a social cause.

Ms Hoan said: 'I chose to contribute as it was for cancer-research purposes,
which is in line with our principal business objective.'

Growth Training International follows a similar system of assessment for the
Honolulu University, which is also not accredited in the US. The university
awarded five doctorates this year.

Dr Tan hit out at the notion that this was a money-making venture.

'The universities gain publicity, that's why they are doing it,' he said.

'Kennedy-Western gets billions from its virtual courses, while Honolulu also
gets its funding from the millions flowing in from virtual courses.

'Besides, the contributions are mostly for charitable and educational purposes.'

Details of the institutions' spending were unavailable, although Dr Tan said
Kennedy-Western contributed to breast-cancer research.

Mr R. Palakrishnan, president of the Law Society of Singapore, said: 'It is not
illegal to pay an honorarium and get an honorary-doctorate degree.

'The idea of an honorary degree suggests that it is being conferred due to the
recipient's contribution towards the development of a particular field of study.

'It may be argued, rather tenuously, that, by paying an 'honorarium' towards the
university's endowment fund, some contribution of this nature is being made by
this individual.'

But the lawyer emphasised that the issue was one of regulation of standards.

'Honorary degrees of this nature could be scrutinised if they become so easily
available and are not perceived as being conferred based on merit but rather on
payment.'

However, the Ministry of Education said there was no central authority that
assessed or granted recognition for degrees obtained from overseas universities.

Nevertheless, a demand for greater transparency is gaining momentum.

A recipient, Mr Jeson Wu, CEO of Vlifestyle.com, who does not use the title
'Dr', said proper standards and benchmarks should be specified, so that these
questions did not arise.


SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 716 words

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2000 Singapore Press Holdings Limited


                              545 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

Honorary degrees raise eyebrows

                               December 25, 2000

Shefali Rekhi


A SURGE in the number of holders of honorary-doctorate degrees in Singapore in
the last two years is raising eyebrows in intellectual circles here.

Most of the recipients are celebrity entrepreneurs.

Yet, their honorary doctorates are not being viewed as awards in recognition of
their work.

Instead, those concerned about the trend are questioning the credibility of
these degrees, given that many are being awarded by institutions which are not
accredited in the United States.

In many cases, the recipients gave a financial contribution to the universities'
endowment funds.

Robotics expert Dr Chuang Ping Derg, who returned from London to work in
Singapore, said: 'I think the practice demeans the status of the PhD.

'The use of the title 'Dr' conveys a different impression and people should be
careful about using it, especially if they are heading publicly-listed
companies.'

Dr Chuang obtained his doctorate in robotics from Imperial College, London.

Two universities more willing to discuss the issue are the Kennedy-Western
University in Cheyenne, Wyoming, and the Honolulu University in Hawaii. Both
universities hold licences in their respective states.

Both are represented by Singapore firm Growth Training International.

Over the last two years, Kennedy-Western University has awarded 19
honorary-doctorate degrees to 'deserving individuals'.

Dr Tan Khian Seng, CEO and principal consultant with Growth Training
International, said: 'We follow a rigorous selection process in which I
interview the candidates before I submit their nominations to the board of the
university in the US.'

Last year, six honorary-doctorate degrees were awarded to entrepreneurs such as
Mr Dennis Wee, managing director of Dennis Wee Realty, Ms Theresa Chew, CEO of
Expressions International and others.

The number of recipients increased to 13 this year.

Recipients include Ms Dora Hoan and Ms Doreen Tan, co-founders of Best World
International, known for their health and beauty products.

In the same period, the average honorarium donated per individual increased from
$ 6,000 last year to $ 12,000 this year.

Many of the recipients did not wish to be interviewed. Those who did said they
had paid as the money was for a social cause.

Ms Hoan said: 'I chose to contribute as it was for cancer-research purposes,
which is in line with our principal business objective.'

Growth Training International follows a similar system of assessment for the
Honolulu University, which is also not accredited in the US. The university
awarded five doctorates this year.

Dr Tan hit out at the notion that this was a money-making venture.

'The universities gain publicity, that's why they are doing it,' he said.

'Kennedy-Western gets billions from its virtual courses, while Honolulu also
gets its funding from the millions flowing in from virtual courses.

'Besides, the contributions are mostly for charitable and educational purposes.'

Details of the institutions' spending were unavailable, although Dr Tan said
Kennedy-Western contributed to breast-cancer research.

Mr R. Palakrishnan, president of the Law Society of Singapore, said: 'It is not
illegal to pay an honorarium and get an honorary-doctorate degree.

'The idea of an honorary degree suggests that it is being conferred due to the
recipient's contribution towards the development of a particular field of study.

'It may be argued, rather tenuously, that, by paying an 'honorarium' towards the
university's endowment fund, some contribution of this nature is being made by
this individual.'

But the lawyer emphasised that the issue was one of regulation of standards.

'Honorary degrees of this nature could be scrutinised if they become so easily
available and are not perceived as being conferred based on merit but rather on
payment.'

However, the Ministry of Education said there was no central authority that
assessed or granted recognition for degrees obtained from overseas universities.

Nevertheless, a demand for greater transparency is gaining momentum.

A recipient, Mr Jeson Wu, CEO of Vlifestyle.com, who does not use the title
'Dr', said proper standards and benchmarks should be specified, so that these
questions did not arise.


SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 716 words

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2000 Singapore Press Holdings Limited


                              546 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                    September 9, 2000 Saturday FINAL EDITION

MOST WRITERS SUPPORT SCOUTS, DISDAIN BUSINESSES

SECTION: OPINION; The Saturday Forum; Pg. A24

LENGTH: 4502 words


High standards

Businesses have over the years made annual donations to the Boy Scouts of
America because of the good, healthy program they give to the youth in building
citizenship, leadership and community service.

Adult volunteers give many hours each week to the Scouting program at their own
expense and time. This time is not for eight or nine months of the school year
that teachers put in but for 12 months and many weekends and training.

America should realize that good character and practice has fallen over the
years. Business should continue to support standards of individuals and
organizations. Lawsuits involving altar boys and adults of supposed character
make necessary safeguards.

Scouting has had to police these problems over the years; parents have a right
to know that their sons are being protected to the fullest extent possible.
Homosexual and atheist activists and their liberal followers continue to demean
conduct contrary to their own. Businesses and government should support
individuals and organization who uphold high standards.

Roger L. Bales

Kensington

Free to choose

Here are three nifty things about living in a free country:

* The Boy Scouts are free to associate with whomever they choose.

* Some corporate sponsors are free to withhold financial support from the Boy
Scouts.

* And I, in turn, am free to do business only with other companies.

After all, this is still a free country, isn't it?

Ken Boasso

Danville

Send a message

A New York Times article stating the Supreme Court's decision affirming the Boy
Scouts' gay exclusion right has resulted in troops in San Francisco and San Jose
being denied access to parks, schools, etc. is untrue. California Resolution
18-386 states organizations cannot be discriminated against on the basis of
race, religion, etc. Officials in both cities affirm the Scouts cannot be barred
from property other groups access.

On Sept. 1 Attorney General Janet Reno ruled that a presidential order barring
discrimination against gays does not prohibit Scouts from having their jamborees
on federal lands.

The article mentions some local chapters of United Way are acting to cut support
to the Scouts. Here, the answer is simple. Query your local chapter about their
position. Better yet, send your contribution directly to the local Boy Scouts of
America Council.

As for the commercial enterprises Levi Strauss, Textron, etc., the answer is
again simple. Switch your patronage to the myriad competing businesses that do
not support the political agenda of the militant homosexual lobby.

A. Norma Dasovic

El Sobrante

Support Scouts

One of the best things businesses can do for the good of the community is
support the Boy Scouts. This organization teaches our young boys responsibility,
respect, self-reliance and leadership.

At a time when our young boys face so many challenges, what a wonderful resource
Boy Scouts of America is for them. It lets them be boys.

It lets them learn responsibility by being responsible, leadership by leading
and self-reliance by doing it themselves. If they fail, they just try again.

They do not need adults booing them and trying to stop funding to an
organization that does so much for our children.

What a trustworthy, loyal, helpful, friendly, courteous, kind, obedient,
cheerful, thrifty, brave, clean, reverent work force the businesses can look
forward to in the future by supporting Boy Scouts now and always.

Jeanne Durand

Danville

Don't harm Scouts

Businesses and others who choose not to support the Boy Scouts are contributing
to the erosion of one of the strongest and effective programs designed to
support and benefit our youth.

Young men who participate in Scouting typically turn out to be productive
workers, thoughtful leaders, and concerned and involved citizens.

As an Eagle Scout and as an adult leader in the Boy Scouts, I have had the
privilege to watch many young men experience Boy Scouting and greatly benefit
from that experience.

The Boy Scouts require that those wanting to participate subscribe to a set of
principles, as do many other private organizations. It is a matter of choice.
Let us all be allowed to have that freedom and then take responsibility for the
choices we make.

Terry P. Abts

Danville

Scouts are right

As private organizations, businesses certainly have a right to withhold
donations from the Boy Scouts, just as the Boy Scouts have a right to withhold
association and leadership from those whose expressed outlooks or exhibited
behaviors contradict the Scout oath (" to keep myself morally straight") and
Scout law ("A Scout is clean and reverent.")

Consumers have a related right: withholding patronage from businesses (e.g.,
Knight Ridder Newspapers) and charities (e.g., United Way) with warped
institutional values. There's nothing morally straight, clean or reverent about
sodomy and related other perversions so BSA tries to weed out the proponents of
such behaviors.

It's both a moral and a pragmatic policy decision: In a 1971 to 1991 study, more
than 2,000 boys reported molestations by adult Scout leaders. A BSA spokesman
observed an unfortunate reality: Scouting is "a natural hunting ground for
pedophiles."

Just two weeks ago, a former Scout camp administrator was charged in El Cajon
with 33 counts of molestation involving teen-age boys.

Toledo PFLAG president John Hemstreet led one of the recent homophile protests
against the Boy Scouts. It turns out that in 1993, Hemstreet, a Scout leader for
20 years, was convicted of sexually abusing a 10-year-old boy.

Sharon Arata

Danville

Withhold funds

I was a gay Boy Scout, an Eagle Scout to be exact. I was forced to hide my
homosexuality because of the BSA's views and opinions. I was forced to lie, deny
and pretend, just so I could earn the prestigious Eagle Scout rank.

With that said, I highly support counties, cities and major money companies
nationwide in withholding funds. Sure, the BSA has the First Amendment right of
freedom of association, but it doesn't mean it's OK. Saying gay teens cannot be
Boy Scouts is like saying black golfers can't play in country clubs. It's flat
out racist.

Besides, the majority of boys begin Boy Scouts around ages 10 to 12, and the
majority of boys and girls realize they are gay, or think they are, around 15 or
16.

By that time they are well established in the Scouts.

What next? If they find out, you get a discharge? Since when did "don't ask,
don't tell" apply to Boy Scouts?

It is the year 2000. It's time for the BSA and everyone else trying to
"re-purify" America to realize that times have changed.

It's time to grow up, accept the change, and move on.

Roy Buckingham II

Richmond

Scouts are toast

I think it hardly matters whether business supports the Boy Scouts. They've made
themselves about as relevant as the KKK. They're toast.

Clint Logan

Pleasanton

Support Boy Scouts

I appreciate those who provide support and donations to organizations they feel
benefit the community and strengthen the ideals they hold dear. They are the
mortar binding the bricks of families, schools and businesses that make up our
community.

We should regularly evaluate who and what we support and take action on what we
learn. But we shouldn't rely solely on those who attack or criticize any
organization. If so, we would all cease to support any organization.

I've seen scouting up close for almost 40 years, as both a child and an adult in
six states. Every boy I have seen has been taught to be "helpful, friendly,
courteous and kind" to everyone without exception. Most boys are much better at
this as a result of their scouting experience than before. Some are truly
stellar.

In my experience with hundreds of youth, the messages of most impact of
tolerance most Scouts receive outside of their home and church, come through
scouting. If support for scouting subsides, these experiences will also.

As you've no doubt guessed, my answer is that businesses should continue to
support Scouting!

Jerry Dees

San Ramon

A couple of thoughts

Two thoughts: 1) What would you expect from the New York Times? and 2) It is
interesting to see which companies choose to serve mammon only.

Paul Dickey

Moraga

Bypass United Way

I think people who care about traditional family values and moral integrity
should withhold doing business with the different organizations that have chosen
to withdraw financial backing of the Boy Scouts.

Instead of sending money to the United Way, donors would be better off sending
their money directly to the organizations or charities they personally wish to
support.

In this day and age people are always wondering what is happening to the youth
of today. Here we have an organization such as the Boy Scouts that not only
teaches young men to care for all people, but to be exemplary citizens.

It would be great if each year everyone who cares about the youth of today and
wants them to be brought up to be moral, upstanding citizens in our communities
would send a donation of $5 or $10 directly to the Boy Scouts at 800 Ellinwood
Way in Pleasant Hill, 94523. Then the Boy Scouts wouldn't need to rely on
companies that are incapable of standing up for moral integrity.

Also, please remember the Girl Scouts and Camp Fire organizations in your yearly
gift-giving.

Sue Fujita

Pittsburg

Miller wrong on Scouts

Our Congressman George Miller was one of the 11 members of the House to sign a
letter to President Clinton, requesting him to resign as head of the Boy Scouts
of America. The reason? The recent U.S. Supreme Court decision to allow the
Scouts to determine the qualifications of their leaders.

As a former Boy Scout, father of a former Boy Scout and grandfather of two Boy
Scouts, I think it sad our congressman was willing to undermine the law of the
land and help demonize the Boy Scouts.

For almost 90 years the Scouts have provided a program for boys to learn to
become community leaders and to live by the laws of our country.

Perhaps if Miller and Clinton had taken and followed the Scout oath the world
would be a better place.

I call upon all current and former Scouts and relatives to reconsider if they
want to return Miller to Congress.

Following is the Scout oath:

On my honor I will do my best to do my duty to God and my country and to obey
the Scout law; to help other people at all times; to keep myself physically
strong, mentally awake and morally straight.

John E. Gessert

Benicia

Tired of Scout bashing

That's it. I'm tired of the Boy Scout bashing because they choose not to
associate with homosexuals. Would you want a man in charge of a Girl Scout
troop? If not, then why would you want a man who's attracted to males to be in
charge of boys?

Unbelievable. I'm an ex-Boy Scout and I'm thankful to God and proud that they've
stood up for their beliefs against the homosexuals and their allies in the
government, media and business.

I'm going to donate to the Boy Scouts and will not support any business,
charity, organization or politician who does not support the Boy Scouts stand
against homosexuality.

I encourage all who believe as I do to do the same. Let those businesses,
charities, organizations and politicians know how you feel. A homosexual's
private sex life is his business. But if you disagree with the homosexual
lifestyle and agenda, you are labeled by them and their allies as hateful.
Homosexuals and their allies need to stop pushing their lifestyle on the youth
of America.

Homosexual activists are intolerant of the Boy Scouts. I guess it is OK to be
intolerant if you're a liberal.

Gordon Johnson

Concord

A moral choice

The Supreme Court has spoken. Homosexuals do not have a right to impose
themselves on the Boy Scouts. I don't know whether homosexuals are born or made;
perhaps both.

Lacking clear convincing scientific argument that all homosexuals are born that
way, I, as a parent and Boy Scout leader, have both a right and a duty to reject
the influence of mere lifestyle choices I disagree with on my sons and the boys
other parents entrust to me.

Having said that, I want to point out that neither I nor the Boy Scouts teach
homophobia. So the choice becomes a moral choice for contributors. I hope the
business community will not be intimidated from supporting an organization that
has done so much good for so many people and for the nation as a whole.

Businesses should increase their support of the Boy Scouts to show their
solidarity with parents who want only the healthiest influences for their sons.

Unfortunately, the largest and wealthiest corporations are the most susceptible
to pressures from media and politically influential activists.

Edwin K. Isely

Moraga

Right of association

Homosexual activists tell us that we should be tolerant of their lifestyle, yet
they remain intolerant of Christians and Boy Scouts. It is wrong for businesses
to withhold donations from the Boy Scouts when they are merely standing up for
their beliefs.

A recent article in World Net Daily states that, despite the opposition from
homosexual activist groups, the Boy Scouts continue to grow in numbers. They now
have approximately 5 million members, more than they have had since the 1970s.

The Boy Scouts hold to high moral values, and respect their country and other
individuals. Having respect for other people does not always mean that you have
to agree with them.

The Boy Scouts have the right of association, which was expressed to all of us
by our founding fathers in the Bill of Rights.

Businesses that support the Boy Scouts should be applauded and supported.

Holly Johnson

Concord

Hands off Scouts

Allowing openly gay scoutmasters into the Boy Scouts is like setting the foxes
free in the chicken coop.

Near San Diego, a Scout camp administrator was just charged with 33 counts of
child molesting.

Meanwhile, in Oklahoma City, a former Boy Scout troop leader was sentenced to
200 years in prison after he admitted having sex with five boys under the age of
14. This scoutmaster pleaded guilty to 61 counts of rape, forcible oral sodomy,
lewd acts with children, and one count of bestiality.

To think that our country has become so infiltrated by radicals who continually
attack every traditional, wholesome institution disgusts me. They hate the
taxpayers, who are labeled "rich"; they condemn fundamentalist Christians, who
are "right-wing extremists"; they attack the Boy Scouts, who are suddenly in
their eyes discriminatory.

These radical leftists, with the aid of the ACLU and a liberal media,
continually sue to advance their anti-American causes.

The Boy Scouts' recent Supreme Court victory was won by a one vote margin.

Our American way of life is so routinely criticized, challenged and attacked
that we have lost our sense of outrage and our will to defend.

Wake up, America, you don't know what you got till it's gone.

Peter Kendall

Orinda

Limitless loathing

Publish a list of those companies withholding support of the Boy Scout movement
because of the gay agenda, and I will put all of them on my blacklist.

Their actions are the epitome of stupid, politically correct, liberal,
misdirected, dumb moves. There is no limit to my loathing of the pathetic
managements that would take such a stand.

K.G. Kerr

Walnut Creek

Strongly backs Scouts

Businesses that withhold funds from the Boy Scouts of America because the Scouts
will not bow to their views of the homosexuals will not get my business, period.

I wonder if these same businesses would withhold support from a political party
because they would like them to change their views. I don't think so.

What it all boils down to is that businesses are scared to death of the
homosexual and lesbian groups because the businesses think they have all kinds
of power. Mouth, yes; Power, no; unless you give it to them.

Today we have few businesses and fewer politicians who have any moral value.
Businesses look at how much money they are going to make, not how much they will
lose. And the politicians look at a homosexual from the vote standpoint, not the
fact we can remove them from office.

Homosexuals may get these spineless businesses to withhold funds and some
spineless politicians to ban the use of schools and parks, but you will never
get the Boy Scouts of American to change its views on homosexuals. I will
support the Boy Scouts of America anywhere and anytime.

John R Melrose

Brentwood

Shortsighted protest

Businesses discontinuing donations to the Boy Scouts of America are
shortsighted.

Businesses, and the media, would be better off concentrating on the thousands of
young people who benefit from the leadership and character-building programs
offered by the Boy Scouts instead of concentrating on the few who fail to
believe in the program, yet wish to associate with the organization.

The worth of an organization should be judged by what it does, not by the few
outsiders who wish to use the organization to foster their own agenda.

Philip Mulvihill

Walnut Creek

Scouts not for hire

I can imagine what will be the final question on future job applications of
companies that withhold donations from the Boy Scouts.

Please answer the following question:

Have you ever been trustworthy, loyal, helpful, friendly, courteous, kind,
obedient, cheerful, thrifty, brave, clean or reverent?

If your answer is yes, thank you very much for applying. You must have been a
Boy Scout. We do not currently have, nor expect to have in the future, any
positions open in our company for people with your unique set of skills and
background. Have a nice day.

If your answer is no, welcome to our company. You're hired.

James Ogden

Martinez

Important investment

We live in a free country; each business and each individual has the right to
determine whether, and to whom they wish to contribute.

The Boy Scouts of America has an excellent program for the development of moral
values, good citizenship and leadership skills among youth. Therefore, I believe
that contributions to the BSA are an important investment in our country and our
future.

I have actively supported Boy Scouting by volunteering as a leader and through
financial contributions for the past 18 years. Further, I prefer to patronize
businesses which support Boy Scouting.

Lillian G. Remer

Pleasant Hill

Politically correct

As a small business owner, I think every business is entitled to donate to
whatever charity or organization it wants to support. Now that we have seen how
a small minority of homosexual activists try to silence organizations or
individuals that oppose the homosexual lifestyle (e.g., Dr. Laura and the Boy
Scouts), I hope more small businesses donate to the Boy Scouts to compensate for
the large, politically correct corporations.

More importantly, I hope individuals start boycotting the products of large
corporations that have withdrawn their support of the Boy Scouts.

As with the recent proposition on marriage between a man and a woman, the
heterosexual community must remind the homosexual community that being "morally
straight" happens to be a good thing that many of us want to promote in this
society.

Also, if the Boy Scouts are not allowed to use public property because they
"discriminate," I guess this policy would apply to other organizations that
discriminate like the Girl Scouts since they don't allow boys to join their
organizations. What politically correct nonsense.

Ron Johnson

Walnut Creek

Cowardly way out

I find it interesting that the Times (Knight-Ridder) is boycotting the Boy
Scouts on "discrimination" reasons. Did we pick our skin color? Our gender? No,
but the gays have picked their lifestyle.

Discrimination? I say not. There is no way a gay couple can have a baby
naturally. Only a man and woman can. When they do, their son iR>s punished by a
newspaper that takes a cowardly way out and doesn't take a stand for morality.

We are canceling our subscription and encourage others to do so also. Now you
know what the Boy Scouts feel like.

Rosemary Francis

Martinez

Swim in the sewer

Businesses that are now bowing to political correctness by withholding support
from the Boy Scouts will now have to find another customer.

I will now withdraw my support from those businesses that do not stand up for
the decency and virtues that scouting encourages.

Those businesses are following that paragon of virtue, Bill Clinton, who
likewise wants to punish this fine group by kicking them off of all federal
lands. The president and those companies can swim in the sewer together.

Bob Hespen

Dublin

Too much blending

The Boy Scouts organization has lost more financial support since it's right to
exclude gays was upheld by the U.S. Supreme Court (Times, Aug. 29).

I favored exclusion when the controversy first erupted, although I'm not
anti-gay. Organizations should reflect the principles they stand for, in order
to delineate and reach their goals.

I liked it when men had clubs that denied access to females. Male bonding helps
everyone. I thought women should start their own clubs. When groups of people
are free to discuss their feelings honestly and openly, people can feel proud of
their participation.

Mixing too many ingredients into one recipe distorts the individual flavors and
creates an unappetizing taste. With all the blending that's going on we're
losing our passion, our "specialness," our individuality.

The politically correct umbrella we've been living under is making it difficult
to positively and fully embrace organizations creeds. Look at the Republican and
Democrat parties' hybrid platforms and philosophies. Voters no longer can go to
the polling booths and mark their ballots happily, with conviction. Exclusion
gives up clean cut choices.

Janet Guerry

> Concord

Sad testament

I think it is a sad testament to our society when business's withhold donations
to an organization whose sole purpose is to promote strong values in our
children because they do not want men who have anal sex with other men to be
scout leaders. Personally I think they should be commended for not falling into
the politically correct trap of pandering to homosexuals.

Don't make the mistake of thinking the businesses who pull their sponsorship of
the Boy Scouts do it for any other reason than economics.

These businesses feel they will be boycotted by the very squeaky wheel that is
the gay community. They fail to realize that by pandering to gays by pulling
their sponsorships they will be losing even more business from the vast majority
of people who realize that being gay is either a chemical imbalance or a wrong
choice.

Matt Johnson

Dublin

Scouts misguided

One of my wonderful childhood recollections is of the time my Pinewood Derby
car, which my father had helped me build, took first place at our local Cub
Scout troop's competition. I still have that car, though it's a bit dusty and
one of the black plastic wheels is cracked.

Scouting is a fantastic activity that is filled with opportunities for lasting
memories for children and their parents. Nevertheless, the discriminatory,
anti-gay policies promoted by the Boy Scouts' national leadership are
fundamentally wrong and antithetical to the values my wife and I would teach our
son.

Therefore, I say bravo to the businesses with the courage to protest these
misguided policies. I sincerely hope that this pressure will help the Scouts
evolve into a more inclusive organization by the time my young boy is old enough
to participate.

Douglas L. Medlin

San Ramon

Honor dismissed

Why have honor and integrity been deemed as so un-American. Is this not because
the person in the highest office of our once great honorable country, has not
only been dishonorable but has mane>>uvered this magnificently fought freedom,
to be deemed as nothing.

The Boy Scouts (which deserve the highest respect) are an organization that
teaches our young people (which in California is considered of no value) about
honor and integrity of this so great country. This honor and integrity has been
thrown aside in the last eight years in this once so great country.

Any business or organizations who boo or withhold donations because that
business or organization is no longer honorable shows us why great countries
fall. If donations are not given for righteous causes then where do donations
go. What have we learned from history, we have learned nothing from history.

Mary Phillips

Walnut Creek

Moral obligation

Businesses with anti-discrimination policies as expressed employment practices
have an ethical and moral obligation to withhold donations from Boy Scouts. If a
business has no written policy against discrimination, it should have since that
has become accepted employment behavior. To donate to any organization known to
discriminate is hypocrisy.

If Boy Scouts continue the policy of discrimination against gays, let them
obtain funds from those with like opinions.

Where is "morally straight" defined? How many people at the founding (1910) of
the Boy Scouts knew there was a word "homosexual?" How many now know that the
founder is reported to have encouraged boys to swim nude because he liked to see
water droplets glisten on their bodies which he photographed? Does anyone call
the founder gay? Studies show more pedophiles are found among heterosexual,
married men than gays.

Educate youth about sexuality early. Educate adults when ignorance appears.
Sitting in judgment is not a human right except in a secular court.

Phyllis Roff

Walnut Creek

It's not homophobia

The Boy Scouts disagree with the homosexual lifestyle. Therefore, ACLU official,
Linda Hills says, "they teach homophobia". Disagreeing on an issue doesn't
automatically place one>> at the opposite extreme. There's quite a difference
between disagreeing with someone and loathing that individual.

Now the Boy Scouts are being strong-armed into changing their beliefs. Either
they espouse what is "politically correct" or face banishment from public
properties.

There should be concern about where this could lead. Many churches meet on
public properties. Are they next? If they have "disagreeable" policies about
homosexuality, female leadership or atheism will they be ousted?

Members of the Boy Scouts pay taxes. They have the same right to public
properties as any other private group. These groups' views are immaterial. As
long as they obey the law, (as a private organization, the Boy Scouts can
lawfully set their own guidelines), they are well within their first Amendment
right to assemble peacefully.

do we see the Boy Scouts trying to deny gay activists the right to assemble on
public properties? As Boy scout official, Ted Cox, stated, "Let the Boy Scouts
have their views and let other people have their views."

Exactly who is being intolerant here?

Connie Stickney

Brentwood

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              547 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                    September 9, 2000 Saturday FINAL EDITION

MOST WRITERS SUPPORT SCOUTS, DISDAIN BUSINESSES

SECTION: OPINION; The Saturday Forum; Pg. A24

LENGTH: 4502 words


High standards

Businesses have over the years made annual donations to the Boy Scouts of
America because of the good, healthy program they give to the youth in building
citizenship, leadership and community service.

Adult volunteers give many hours each week to the Scouting program at their own
expense and time. This time is not for eight or nine months of the school year
that teachers put in but for 12 months and many weekends and training.

America should realize that good character and practice has fallen over the
years. Business should continue to support standards of individuals and
organizations. Lawsuits involving altar boys and adults of supposed character
make necessary safeguards.

Scouting has had to police these problems over the years; parents have a right
to know that their sons are being protected to the fullest extent possible.
Homosexual and atheist activists and their liberal followers continue to demean
conduct contrary to their own. Businesses and government should support
individuals and organization who uphold high standards.

Roger L. Bales

Kensington

Free to choose

Here are three nifty things about living in a free country:

* The Boy Scouts are free to associate with whomever they choose.

* Some corporate sponsors are free to withhold financial support from the Boy
Scouts.

* And I, in turn, am free to do business only with other companies.

After all, this is still a free country, isn't it?

Ken Boasso

Danville

Send a message

A New York Times article stating the Supreme Court's decision affirming the Boy
Scouts' gay exclusion right has resulted in troops in San Francisco and San Jose
being denied access to parks, schools, etc. is untrue. California Resolution
18-386 states organizations cannot be discriminated against on the basis of
race, religion, etc. Officials in both cities affirm the Scouts cannot be barred
from property other groups access.

On Sept. 1 Attorney General Janet Reno ruled that a presidential order barring
discrimination against gays does not prohibit Scouts from having their jamborees
on federal lands.

The article mentions some local chapters of United Way are acting to cut support
to the Scouts. Here, the answer is simple. Query your local chapter about their
position. Better yet, send your contribution directly to the local Boy Scouts of
America Council.

As for the commercial enterprises Levi Strauss, Textron, etc., the answer is
again simple. Switch your patronage to the myriad competing businesses that do
not support the political agenda of the militant homosexual lobby.

A. Norma Dasovic

El Sobrante

Support Scouts

One of the best things businesses can do for the good of the community is
support the Boy Scouts. This organization teaches our young boys responsibility,
respect, self-reliance and leadership.

At a time when our young boys face so many challenges, what a wonderful resource
Boy Scouts of America is for them. It lets them be boys.

It lets them learn responsibility by being responsible, leadership by leading
and self-reliance by doing it themselves. If they fail, they just try again.

They do not need adults booing them and trying to stop funding to an
organization that does so much for our children.

What a trustworthy, loyal, helpful, friendly, courteous, kind, obedient,
cheerful, thrifty, brave, clean, reverent work force the businesses can look
forward to in the future by supporting Boy Scouts now and always.

Jeanne Durand

Danville

Don't harm Scouts

Businesses and others who choose not to support the Boy Scouts are contributing
to the erosion of one of the strongest and effective programs designed to
support and benefit our youth.

Young men who participate in Scouting typically turn out to be productive
workers, thoughtful leaders, and concerned and involved citizens.

As an Eagle Scout and as an adult leader in the Boy Scouts, I have had the
privilege to watch many young men experience Boy Scouting and greatly benefit
from that experience.

The Boy Scouts require that those wanting to participate subscribe to a set of
principles, as do many other private organizations. It is a matter of choice.
Let us all be allowed to have that freedom and then take responsibility for the
choices we make.

Terry P. Abts

Danville

Scouts are right

As private organizations, businesses certainly have a right to withhold
donations from the Boy Scouts, just as the Boy Scouts have a right to withhold
association and leadership from those whose expressed outlooks or exhibited
behaviors contradict the Scout oath (" to keep myself morally straight") and
Scout law ("A Scout is clean and reverent.")

Consumers have a related right: withholding patronage from businesses (e.g.,
Knight Ridder Newspapers) and charities (e.g., United Way) with warped
institutional values. There's nothing morally straight, clean or reverent about
sodomy and related other perversions so BSA tries to weed out the proponents of
such behaviors.

It's both a moral and a pragmatic policy decision: In a 1971 to 1991 study, more
than 2,000 boys reported molestations by adult Scout leaders. A BSA spokesman
observed an unfortunate reality: Scouting is "a natural hunting ground for
pedophiles."

Just two weeks ago, a former Scout camp administrator was charged in El Cajon
with 33 counts of molestation involving teen-age boys.

Toledo PFLAG president John Hemstreet led one of the recent homophile protests
against the Boy Scouts. It turns out that in 1993, Hemstreet, a Scout leader for
20 years, was convicted of sexually abusing a 10-year-old boy.

Sharon Arata

Danville

Withhold funds

I was a gay Boy Scout, an Eagle Scout to be exact. I was forced to hide my
homosexuality because of the BSA's views and opinions. I was forced to lie, deny
and pretend, just so I could earn the prestigious Eagle Scout rank.

With that said, I highly support counties, cities and major money companies
nationwide in withholding funds. Sure, the BSA has the First Amendment right of
freedom of association, but it doesn't mean it's OK. Saying gay teens cannot be
Boy Scouts is like saying black golfers can't play in country clubs. It's flat
out racist.

Besides, the majority of boys begin Boy Scouts around ages 10 to 12, and the
majority of boys and girls realize they are gay, or think they are, around 15 or
16.

By that time they are well established in the Scouts.

What next? If they find out, you get a discharge? Since when did "don't ask,
don't tell" apply to Boy Scouts?

It is the year 2000. It's time for the BSA and everyone else trying to
"re-purify" America to realize that times have changed.

It's time to grow up, accept the change, and move on.

Roy Buckingham II

Richmond

Scouts are toast

I think it hardly matters whether business supports the Boy Scouts. They've made
themselves about as relevant as the KKK. They're toast.

Clint Logan

Pleasanton

Support Boy Scouts

I appreciate those who provide support and donations to organizations they feel
benefit the community and strengthen the ideals they hold dear. They are the
mortar binding the bricks of families, schools and businesses that make up our
community.

We should regularly evaluate who and what we support and take action on what we
learn. But we shouldn't rely solely on those who attack or criticize any
organization. If so, we would all cease to support any organization.

I've seen scouting up close for almost 40 years, as both a child and an adult in
six states. Every boy I have seen has been taught to be "helpful, friendly,
courteous and kind" to everyone without exception. Most boys are much better at
this as a result of their scouting experience than before. Some are truly
stellar.

In my experience with hundreds of youth, the messages of most impact of
tolerance most Scouts receive outside of their home and church, come through
scouting. If support for scouting subsides, these experiences will also.

As you've no doubt guessed, my answer is that businesses should continue to
support Scouting!

Jerry Dees

San Ramon

A couple of thoughts

Two thoughts: 1) What would you expect from the New York Times? and 2) It is
interesting to see which companies choose to serve mammon only.

Paul Dickey

Moraga

Bypass United Way

I think people who care about traditional family values and moral integrity
should withhold doing business with the different organizations that have chosen
to withdraw financial backing of the Boy Scouts.

Instead of sending money to the United Way, donors would be better off sending
their money directly to the organizations or charities they personally wish to
support.

In this day and age people are always wondering what is happening to the youth
of today. Here we have an organization such as the Boy Scouts that not only
teaches young men to care for all people, but to be exemplary citizens.

It would be great if each year everyone who cares about the youth of today and
wants them to be brought up to be moral, upstanding citizens in our communities
would send a donation of $5 or $10 directly to the Boy Scouts at 800 Ellinwood
Way in Pleasant Hill, 94523. Then the Boy Scouts wouldn't need to rely on
companies that are incapable of standing up for moral integrity.

Also, please remember the Girl Scouts and Camp Fire organizations in your yearly
gift-giving.

Sue Fujita

Pittsburg

Miller wrong on Scouts

Our Congressman George Miller was one of the 11 members of the House to sign a
letter to President Clinton, requesting him to resign as head of the Boy Scouts
of America. The reason? The recent U.S. Supreme Court decision to allow the
Scouts to determine the qualifications of their leaders.

As a former Boy Scout, father of a former Boy Scout and grandfather of two Boy
Scouts, I think it sad our congressman was willing to undermine the law of the
land and help demonize the Boy Scouts.

For almost 90 years the Scouts have provided a program for boys to learn to
become community leaders and to live by the laws of our country.

Perhaps if Miller and Clinton had taken and followed the Scout oath the world
would be a better place.

I call upon all current and former Scouts and relatives to reconsider if they
want to return Miller to Congress.

Following is the Scout oath:

On my honor I will do my best to do my duty to God and my country and to obey
the Scout law; to help other people at all times; to keep myself physically
strong, mentally awake and morally straight.

John E. Gessert

Benicia

Tired of Scout bashing

That's it. I'm tired of the Boy Scout bashing because they choose not to
associate with homosexuals. Would you want a man in charge of a Girl Scout
troop? If not, then why would you want a man who's attracted to males to be in
charge of boys?

Unbelievable. I'm an ex-Boy Scout and I'm thankful to God and proud that they've
stood up for their beliefs against the homosexuals and their allies in the
government, media and business.

I'm going to donate to the Boy Scouts and will not support any business,
charity, organization or politician who does not support the Boy Scouts stand
against homosexuality.

I encourage all who believe as I do to do the same. Let those businesses,
charities, organizations and politicians know how you feel. A homosexual's
private sex life is his business. But if you disagree with the homosexual
lifestyle and agenda, you are labeled by them and their allies as hateful.
Homosexuals and their allies need to stop pushing their lifestyle on the youth
of America.

Homosexual activists are intolerant of the Boy Scouts. I guess it is OK to be
intolerant if you're a liberal.

Gordon Johnson

Concord

A moral choice

The Supreme Court has spoken. Homosexuals do not have a right to impose
themselves on the Boy Scouts. I don't know whether homosexuals are born or made;
perhaps both.

Lacking clear convincing scientific argument that all homosexuals are born that
way, I, as a parent and Boy Scout leader, have both a right and a duty to reject
the influence of mere lifestyle choices I disagree with on my sons and the boys
other parents entrust to me.

Having said that, I want to point out that neither I nor the Boy Scouts teach
homophobia. So the choice becomes a moral choice for contributors. I hope the
business community will not be intimidated from supporting an organization that
has done so much good for so many people and for the nation as a whole.

Businesses should increase their support of the Boy Scouts to show their
solidarity with parents who want only the healthiest influences for their sons.

Unfortunately, the largest and wealthiest corporations are the most susceptible
to pressures from media and politically influential activists.

Edwin K. Isely

Moraga

Right of association

Homosexual activists tell us that we should be tolerant of their lifestyle, yet
they remain intolerant of Christians and Boy Scouts. It is wrong for businesses
to withhold donations from the Boy Scouts when they are merely standing up for
their beliefs.

A recent article in World Net Daily states that, despite the opposition from
homosexual activist groups, the Boy Scouts continue to grow in numbers. They now
have approximately 5 million members, more than they have had since the 1970s.

The Boy Scouts hold to high moral values, and respect their country and other
individuals. Having respect for other people does not always mean that you have
to agree with them.

The Boy Scouts have the right of association, which was expressed to all of us
by our founding fathers in the Bill of Rights.

Businesses that support the Boy Scouts should be applauded and supported.

Holly Johnson

Concord

Hands off Scouts

Allowing openly gay scoutmasters into the Boy Scouts is like setting the foxes
free in the chicken coop.

Near San Diego, a Scout camp administrator was just charged with 33 counts of
child molesting.

Meanwhile, in Oklahoma City, a former Boy Scout troop leader was sentenced to
200 years in prison after he admitted having sex with five boys under the age of
14. This scoutmaster pleaded guilty to 61 counts of rape, forcible oral sodomy,
lewd acts with children, and one count of bestiality.

To think that our country has become so infiltrated by radicals who continually
attack every traditional, wholesome institution disgusts me. They hate the
taxpayers, who are labeled "rich"; they condemn fundamentalist Christians, who
are "right-wing extremists"; they attack the Boy Scouts, who are suddenly in
their eyes discriminatory.

These radical leftists, with the aid of the ACLU and a liberal media,
continually sue to advance their anti-American causes.

The Boy Scouts' recent Supreme Court victory was won by a one vote margin.

Our American way of life is so routinely criticized, challenged and attacked
that we have lost our sense of outrage and our will to defend.

Wake up, America, you don't know what you got till it's gone.

Peter Kendall

Orinda

Limitless loathing

Publish a list of those companies withholding support of the Boy Scout movement
because of the gay agenda, and I will put all of them on my blacklist.

Their actions are the epitome of stupid, politically correct, liberal,
misdirected, dumb moves. There is no limit to my loathing of the pathetic
managements that would take such a stand.

K.G. Kerr

Walnut Creek

Strongly backs Scouts

Businesses that withhold funds from the Boy Scouts of America because the Scouts
will not bow to their views of the homosexuals will not get my business, period.

I wonder if these same businesses would withhold support from a political party
because they would like them to change their views. I don't think so.

What it all boils down to is that businesses are scared to death of the
homosexual and lesbian groups because the businesses think they have all kinds
of power. Mouth, yes; Power, no; unless you give it to them.

Today we have few businesses and fewer politicians who have any moral value.
Businesses look at how much money they are going to make, not how much they will
lose. And the politicians look at a homosexual from the vote standpoint, not the
fact we can remove them from office.

Homosexuals may get these spineless businesses to withhold funds and some
spineless politicians to ban the use of schools and parks, but you will never
get the Boy Scouts of American to change its views on homosexuals. I will
support the Boy Scouts of America anywhere and anytime.

John R Melrose

Brentwood

Shortsighted protest

Businesses discontinuing donations to the Boy Scouts of America are
shortsighted.

Businesses, and the media, would be better off concentrating on the thousands of
young people who benefit from the leadership and character-building programs
offered by the Boy Scouts instead of concentrating on the few who fail to
believe in the program, yet wish to associate with the organization.

The worth of an organization should be judged by what it does, not by the few
outsiders who wish to use the organization to foster their own agenda.

Philip Mulvihill

Walnut Creek

Scouts not for hire

I can imagine what will be the final question on future job applications of
companies that withhold donations from the Boy Scouts.

Please answer the following question:

Have you ever been trustworthy, loyal, helpful, friendly, courteous, kind,
obedient, cheerful, thrifty, brave, clean or reverent?

If your answer is yes, thank you very much for applying. You must have been a
Boy Scout. We do not currently have, nor expect to have in the future, any
positions open in our company for people with your unique set of skills and
background. Have a nice day.

If your answer is no, welcome to our company. You're hired.

James Ogden

Martinez

Important investment

We live in a free country; each business and each individual has the right to
determine whether, and to whom they wish to contribute.

The Boy Scouts of America has an excellent program for the development of moral
values, good citizenship and leadership skills among youth. Therefore, I believe
that contributions to the BSA are an important investment in our country and our
future.

I have actively supported Boy Scouting by volunteering as a leader and through
financial contributions for the past 18 years. Further, I prefer to patronize
businesses which support Boy Scouting.

Lillian G. Remer

Pleasant Hill

Politically correct

As a small business owner, I think every business is entitled to donate to
whatever charity or organization it wants to support. Now that we have seen how
a small minority of homosexual activists try to silence organizations or
individuals that oppose the homosexual lifestyle (e.g., Dr. Laura and the Boy
Scouts), I hope more small businesses donate to the Boy Scouts to compensate for
the large, politically correct corporations.

More importantly, I hope individuals start boycotting the products of large
corporations that have withdrawn their support of the Boy Scouts.

As with the recent proposition on marriage between a man and a woman, the
heterosexual community must remind the homosexual community that being "morally
straight" happens to be a good thing that many of us want to promote in this
society.

Also, if the Boy Scouts are not allowed to use public property because they
"discriminate," I guess this policy would apply to other organizations that
discriminate like the Girl Scouts since they don't allow boys to join their
organizations. What politically correct nonsense.

Ron Johnson

Walnut Creek

Cowardly way out

I find it interesting that the Times (Knight-Ridder) is boycotting the Boy
Scouts on "discrimination" reasons. Did we pick our skin color? Our gender? No,
but the gays have picked their lifestyle.

Discrimination? I say not. There is no way a gay couple can have a baby
naturally. Only a man and woman can. When they do, their son iR>s punished by a
newspaper that takes a cowardly way out and doesn't take a stand for morality.

We are canceling our subscription and encourage others to do so also. Now you
know what the Boy Scouts feel like.

Rosemary Francis

Martinez

Swim in the sewer

Businesses that are now bowing to political correctness by withholding support
from the Boy Scouts will now have to find another customer.

I will now withdraw my support from those businesses that do not stand up for
the decency and virtues that scouting encourages.

Those businesses are following that paragon of virtue, Bill Clinton, who
likewise wants to punish this fine group by kicking them off of all federal
lands. The president and those companies can swim in the sewer together.

Bob Hespen

Dublin

Too much blending

The Boy Scouts organization has lost more financial support since it's right to
exclude gays was upheld by the U.S. Supreme Court (Times, Aug. 29).

I favored exclusion when the controversy first erupted, although I'm not
anti-gay. Organizations should reflect the principles they stand for, in order
to delineate and reach their goals.

I liked it when men had clubs that denied access to females. Male bonding helps
everyone. I thought women should start their own clubs. When groups of people
are free to discuss their feelings honestly and openly, people can feel proud of
their participation.

Mixing too many ingredients into one recipe distorts the individual flavors and
creates an unappetizing taste. With all the blending that's going on we're
losing our passion, our "specialness," our individuality.

The politically correct umbrella we've been living under is making it difficult
to positively and fully embrace organizations creeds. Look at the Republican and
Democrat parties' hybrid platforms and philosophies. Voters no longer can go to
the polling booths and mark their ballots happily, with conviction. Exclusion
gives up clean cut choices.

Janet Guerry

> Concord

Sad testament

I think it is a sad testament to our society when business's withhold donations
to an organization whose sole purpose is to promote strong values in our
children because they do not want men who have anal sex with other men to be
scout leaders. Personally I think they should be commended for not falling into
the politically correct trap of pandering to homosexuals.

Don't make the mistake of thinking the businesses who pull their sponsorship of
the Boy Scouts do it for any other reason than economics.

These businesses feel they will be boycotted by the very squeaky wheel that is
the gay community. They fail to realize that by pandering to gays by pulling
their sponsorships they will be losing even more business from the vast majority
of people who realize that being gay is either a chemical imbalance or a wrong
choice.

Matt Johnson

Dublin

Scouts misguided

One of my wonderful childhood recollections is of the time my Pinewood Derby
car, which my father had helped me build, took first place at our local Cub
Scout troop's competition. I still have that car, though it's a bit dusty and
one of the black plastic wheels is cracked.

Scouting is a fantastic activity that is filled with opportunities for lasting
memories for children and their parents. Nevertheless, the discriminatory,
anti-gay policies promoted by the Boy Scouts' national leadership are
fundamentally wrong and antithetical to the values my wife and I would teach our
son.

Therefore, I say bravo to the businesses with the courage to protest these
misguided policies. I sincerely hope that this pressure will help the Scouts
evolve into a more inclusive organization by the time my young boy is old enough
to participate.

Douglas L. Medlin

San Ramon

Honor dismissed

Why have honor and integrity been deemed as so un-American. Is this not because
the person in the highest office of our once great honorable country, has not
only been dishonorable but has mane>>uvered this magnificently fought freedom,
to be deemed as nothing.

The Boy Scouts (which deserve the highest respect) are an organization that
teaches our young people (which in California is considered of no value) about
honor and integrity of this so great country. This honor and integrity has been
thrown aside in the last eight years in this once so great country.

Any business or organizations who boo or withhold donations because that
business or organization is no longer honorable shows us why great countries
fall. If donations are not given for righteous causes then where do donations
go. What have we learned from history, we have learned nothing from history.

Mary Phillips

Walnut Creek

Moral obligation

Businesses with anti-discrimination policies as expressed employment practices
have an ethical and moral obligation to withhold donations from Boy Scouts. If a
business has no written policy against discrimination, it should have since that
has become accepted employment behavior. To donate to any organization known to
discriminate is hypocrisy.

If Boy Scouts continue the policy of discrimination against gays, let them
obtain funds from those with like opinions.

Where is "morally straight" defined? How many people at the founding (1910) of
the Boy Scouts knew there was a word "homosexual?" How many now know that the
founder is reported to have encouraged boys to swim nude because he liked to see
water droplets glisten on their bodies which he photographed? Does anyone call
the founder gay? Studies show more pedophiles are found among heterosexual,
married men than gays.

Educate youth about sexuality early. Educate adults when ignorance appears.
Sitting in judgment is not a human right except in a secular court.

Phyllis Roff

Walnut Creek

It's not homophobia

The Boy Scouts disagree with the homosexual lifestyle. Therefore, ACLU official,
Linda Hills says, "they teach homophobia". Disagreeing on an issue doesn't
automatically place one>> at the opposite extreme. There's quite a difference
between disagreeing with someone and loathing that individual.

Now the Boy Scouts are being strong-armed into changing their beliefs. Either
they espouse what is "politically correct" or face banishment from public
properties.

There should be concern about where this could lead. Many churches meet on
public properties. Are they next? If they have "disagreeable" policies about
homosexuality, female leadership or atheism will they be ousted?

Members of the Boy Scouts pay taxes. They have the same right to public
properties as any other private group. These groups' views are immaterial. As
long as they obey the law, (as a private organization, the Boy Scouts can
lawfully set their own guidelines), they are well within their first Amendment
right to assemble peacefully.

do we see the Boy Scouts trying to deny gay activists the right to assemble on
public properties? As Boy scout official, Ted Cox, stated, "Let the Boy Scouts
have their views and let other people have their views."

Exactly who is being intolerant here?

Connie Stickney

Brentwood

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              548 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 16, 2000, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Blaming Nixon

BYLINE: By Brent Staples; Brent Staples writes editorials on politics and
culture for The Times and is the author of the memoir "Parallel Time: Growing Up
in Black and White."

SECTION: Section 7; Page 10; Column 1; Book Review Desk

LENGTH: 1414 words



America Divided
 The Civil War of the 1960s.
 By Maurice Isserman
 and Michael Kazin.
 Illustrated. 358 pp. New York:
 Oxford University Press. $30.

The triumph of the liberal ethos is evident in environmentalism,
multiculturalism, feminism, the civil rights revolution and several other
transforming movements that came to life in the 1960's. But Americans who revere
the liberal legacy often demean the decade that produced it, so much so that the
term "liberal" has evolved into an epithet. In "America Divided," Maurice
Isserman and Michael Kazin trace this paradoxical view of liberalism to 1972,
when Richard Nixon crushed George McGovern by portraying the Democrats as a band
of longhairs and welfare cheats whose leaders wished to "throw money" at social
problems instead of taking a hard-nosed approach to solving them.

The traditional analysis holds that liberal Democrats fell from grace because
they embraced African-Americans and the white radical left -- at a time when
both were rioting in the streets -- thus alienating the white working class that
had once been a bedrock Democratic constituency. Isserman and Kazin dispute this
view, arguing that Nixon copied progressive ideas while misrepresenting
liberalism to the voters. But by fixating on political tactics that are nearly a
third of a century old, Isserman and Kazin unintentionally show that the liberal
movement was killed not by Nixon's shrewdness but by a failure to create a
coherent politics that the voters could understand and appreciate.

Among other things, Isserman and Kazin argue that the Democratic shift toward
liberals and the poor never really happened; that Democrats never really spent
gazillions of dollars on government programs; and that liberals never really got
a chance to govern but were robbed of their good names by that evil genius
Nixon, who invented all manner of political libel, wounding liberalism
terminally.

Isserman and Kazin are impassioned liberals who have never been shy of the
label. The two were college radicals together in Portland, Ore., and belonged to
the same "revolutionary youth collective." Isserman, a professor of history at
Hamilton College and the author of "If I Had a Hammer: The Death of the Old Left
and the Birth of the New Left," among other works, has written extensively about
American Communism. Kazin, who teaches history at Georgetown, is the son of the
writer Alfred Kazin and the author of "The Populist Persuasion," an account of
American populism.

"America Divided" tries to create a conceptual map of the forces that ripped the
1960's apart. Like many such histories, this one begins with discontented
teenagers and housewives who inhabited the predictable and unremittingly white
"Leave It to Beaver" suburbs at the end of the 50's and were casting about for
something to energize their lives. That something turned out to be the civil
rights movement, which provided a tactical template first for the antiwar
protests, then for the feminist and gay rights movements that would come alive
later in the decade.

The book moves through 14 chapters that interweave the various protest movements
throughout the administrations of John Kennedy, Lyndon Johnson and Richard
Nixon. The chapters on the three presidents themselves are competent and
insightful, but nothing you wouldn't know if you were alive at the time.

The chapter entitled "The Making of a Youth Culture" is morally problematic, as
is the period it describes. In the age of the AIDS epidemic, it is startling to
see Isserman and Kazin describing the poet Allen Ginsberg as "an exceedingly
generous soul" who "delighted in sharing his poetic visions, his semen and a
variety of mind-altering drugs" with everyone he met. Ginsberg, of course, could
not have anticipated AIDS. But two authors writing today should recognize that
the word "semen" in this context has the resonance of a gunshot to the head.

The sexual revolution -- like the youth movement in which it flourished -- was
100 percent adolescent appetite, writ large and raging through the streets. But
in the hands of Isserman and Kazin, it becomes a means to an end for radicals
who "believed that the path to defeating repression, both societal and personal,
lay in the rapid spread of a sensual, creative lifestyle." Here as elsewhere,
"America Divided" makes the wild and random elements of the decade seem part of
a rational, utopian design.

The discussion of how the women's movement emerged from the New Left is
intensely interesting. By the middle of the decade, women who joined the
"revolution" were bristling at being assigned to second-class roles. In a 1964
position paper circulated to the members of the Student Nonviolent Coordinating
Committee, Mary King and Casey Hayden (then Tom Hayden's wife) asked why women
in SNCC who were "competent, qualified and experienced are automatically
assigned to the 'female' kinds of jobs such as: typing, desk work, telephone
work, filing, library work, cooking," while generally being excluded from
"executive" positions. The SNCC leader Stokely Carmichael responded that "the
position of women in SNCC is prone!" -- which was apparently the closest thing
to a conciliatory response that King and Hayden got. The backlash against sexism
in the revolution pushed the women's movement into full bloom.

Isserman and Kazin are far too sentimental about the New Left, especially given
the testimony provided over the last decade by former radicals like Ronald
Radosh, David Horowitz and Peter Collier. As Collier has put it: "What we called
politics in the 60's . . . was an Oedipal revolt on a grand scale; a no-fault
acting out. We liked to think of ourselves as characters out of Malraux." But
"we were always political Katzenjammer kids whose mischief turned homicidal
somewhere along the way."

Professional 60's-bashers get tiresome too. But they are right to view the
Students for a Democratic Society as, for the most part, spoiled brats who posed
as revolutionaries while being subsidized by their parents at college. In
California, Tom Hayden of S.D.S. struck up what can only be called a romance
with the Black Panther Party, a former California street gang that informants
have since told us was routinely involved in murder and the protection racket.
Recent portraits of the relations between S.D.S. and the Black Panthers reek of
radical eroticism, with the street criminal Huey Newton strutting around
shirtless as white boys from the suburbs admired his physique and his animal
fierceness, egging him on to violence. By contrast, the portrait of the New Left
offered in "America Divided" depicts a group of flawed but earnest idealists.

In political terms, what the authors wish us to see is that the conservative
view of the 60's -- that liberals ran the country and threw money at social
programs -- bears no relation to what actually happened. Isserman and Kazin
argue that the Kennedy administration had only the trappings of liberalism, but
marginalized true liberals who ended up, in John Kenneth Galbraith's words, like
"Indians firing occasional arrows into the campsite from outside." Isserman and
Kazin tell us that Johnson's War on Poverty was sound and fury, overhyped and
underfinanced from the start. But what peeves them most is that the bulk of the
so-called liberal spending took place under Nixon, whose urban policies dwarfed
even Johnson's, and who went along with large Congressional outlays for social
welfare programs from Social Security to Aid to Families With Dependent
Children. Nixon then reversed himself at election time, criticizing liberals as
big spenders while paying liberals "the flattery of stealing their programs."

But the liberal collapse went deeper than a mere failure to match Nixon's
sloganeering. By 1972, the Democrats were unable to muster a rhetoric that could
explain the party to the electorate -- or bind together the warring factions
that were tearing the Democrats to pieces. While the liberals cast about in
disarray, the Republicans developed an effective antiliberal rhetoric and stuck
with it to great effect, eventually landing Ronald Reagan in the White House.
The tactic of demonizing liberalism succeeded because liberals lacked a clear
vision of who they were or what their movement hoped to accomplish. Unable to
defend themselves rhetorically, they were marginalized and defamed -- even as
the changes they set in motion transformed the culture.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing (Victor Moscoso)

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              549 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   September 8, 1992, Tuesday, Final Edition

SECTION: HEALTH; PAGE Z4; LETTERS

LENGTH: 1043 words


Messengers on AIDS

Your dismissal of Bob Hattoy's speech before the Democratic National Convention
in "Messengers on AIDS" [Policy, August 25] serves only to reinforce the ugly
stigma still surrounding AIDS -- that gay people or IV drug users brought this
disease on themselves while others are innocent, or more "worthy" messengers.

I understand the context and share the frustration of the remarks by June
Osborn, chairman of the National AIDS Commission. She has been a consistent and
knowledgeable spokesperson for a national plan to combat the disease. Yet report
after report makes a headline or two and then is ignored, so that President Bush
can ask, "What more do 'they' want me to do?" and no one in the media answers,
"What your National Aids Commission recommends."

Elizabeth Glazer and Mary Fisher are eloquent messengers deserving of coverage,
support, compassion and care, but you miss a major part of the story when you
only mention Bob Hattoy in passing and thereby demean and defame the gay and
lesbian community. Gays have been responding to the AIDS crisis by providing
services, care and support for over 10 years, whether or not that has been
recognized by the media.

There was no media in the emergency room of the Washington Hospital Center when
David took his last breath with my arm around his shoulder. It was just his
parents and me.

There was no media in the Miami hospital room when my brother watched Randy die
after the respirator was turned off. It was just my brother and Randy's mother.

There was no media in the small apartment where Kenedith died in his sleep. It
was just his mother.

There was no media in the room at the Washington Home Hospice when John died. It
was just myself and his mother.

Unlike many Americans, I never had the luxury of denial. I went to my first
"Worried Well" support group in the spring of 1983. I went to my first memorial
service for a person who died of AIDS in June of 1983. On Oct. 8, 1983, I
participated in the National AIDS Vigil -- the first national march dealing with
AIDS in our nation's capital.

I always knew it could happen to me, but I also understood that I wasn't just
marching for me or for the people I knew. We were marching because our health
care system needed reforming. Nine years later, we are still marching.

It is true that the victors are the ones who write the history. I intend to be
here for the final victory over AIDS, and I intend to tell the story of those
you have chosen to ignore. William F. Wilson Washington

I have lung cancer and it is through no fault of my own, as Elizabeth Glazer's
affliction is not her fault. I have never smoked; the doctors attribute the
cancer to a virus or the environment. I am not angry with President Bush, the
Congress, NIH, America or anyone else. It just happened, and with the help of
God and my doctors I will overcome it.

Elizabeth Glazer objects that not enough money is spent on research for AIDS; I
object that not enough is going toward cancer research. She accuses NIH of not
doing enough; NIH provided the drug (Zoftran) that prevented nausea during my
chemotherapy treatments, and the drug that saved my life when I developed sepsis
(a result of chemo). I thank NIH every day.

I am a taxpayer also. As far as educating the public is concerned, I would think
that everyone today knows that promiscuous sex, drug abuse and bisexual activity
can result in AIDS. The disease is incurable, but it is preventable. Betty
Moosally Vienna, Va.

I was moved by both testaments. I will keep them to re-read and to show to my
friends who may have missed these beautiful appeals. I will certainly write
whoever is the President for the next four years and remind him of these very
important presentations. Iris J. Gibson Keymar, Md.

Those united against the AIDS plague represent the best and most fundamental
American values. Their compassion, honesty, effort and ingenuity are what we
need to meet the incredibly broad and interconnected range of American problems.

In late July, Bill Clinton heartened the 3,500 Americans at the International
Conference on AIDS in Amsterdam by a personal letter of support. Promising to
move against the "crisis of epidemic proportions," he pledged to implement the
recommendations of the National Commission on AIDS (which Bush ignores), and end
the discriminatory travel and immigration restrictions against people infected
with HIV. Augustus Nasmith, Jr. Washington

Odds of Blindness in Diabetes

In "Three Families Battle Diabetes" [Poverty & Health, July 28], you state that
people with diabetes have a 50 percent chance of losing their sight. The outlook
is not as grim as you indicated.

People with diabetes are at high risk for eye diseases including cataract,
glaucoma and diabetic retinopathy, the most common ocular complication of
diabetes. About half of the nation's estimated 14 million people with diabetes
have at least early signs of diabetic retinopathy. Of this group, about 700,000
have serious retinal disease, with approximately 65,000 progressing each year to
proliferative retinopathy, the disease's most sight-threatening stage.

Research conducted by the National Eye Institute (NEI), a component of the
National Institutes of Health, has shown that laser surgery can be used to
prevent vision loss due to proliferative diabetic retinopathy in over 90 percent
of cases. Yet there is evidence that many people who could benefit from laser
treatment do not receive it.

The NEI recently launched the National Eye Health Education Program (NEHEP), the
first federally sponsored blindness prevention effort of this magnitude. Its
recommendations include eye examinations through dilated pupils at least once a
year for all people with diabetes. Judith A. Stein Director National Eye Health
Education Program National Eye Institute Bethesda

Letters intended for publication must be signed and include the writer's home
address and home and business telephone numbers. Letters may be edited. Although
we are unable to acknowledge all letters, we appreciate the time and value the
viewpoints of those who write. Send letters to Health Section, The Washington
Post, 1150 15th St. NW, Washington, D.C. 20071 (FAX: 202-334-4344).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              550 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 25, 1992, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

BLACK CONDUCTORS;
'A Prize Not Worth Having'

SECTION: Section 2; Page 4; Column 3; Arts & Leisure Desk

LENGTH: 270 words


To the Editor:

In his article "Black Maestros on the Podium, but No Pedestal" [Oct. 11] K.
Robert Schwarz writes: "Conversations with black conductors yielded a warning as
urgent as it was unanimous: American orchestras will have to focus on the
absence of minorities on the podium, on the stage . . . ." As one of the
conductors consulted by Mr. Schwarz, I must dissent. Not only embarrassingly
self-serving, the above quoted view is artistically indefensible.

What self-respecting musician would really want to be engaged for reasons
primarily other than artistic? In my view, any orchestra that engages a
conductor, soloist or player because that individual is black not only offends
the process but also demeans the musician and compromises the artistic integrity
of the institution.

Any prize artificially pushed toward our grasp is a prize not worth having.

JAMES DEPREIST
Portland, Ore.

The writer is music director and conductor of the Oregon Symphony Orchestra.

 Mr. Schwarz replies: Nowhere did I suggest that conductors or instrumentalists
should be engaged because of their color; in fact, I quoted Mr. DePreist and
Michael Morgan arguing strenuously against such an approach. But I do believe,
as did the conductors I interviewed, that orchestras will have to find ways to
reflect more accurately the racial makeup of the cities in which they are
situated. Otherwise, orchestras will continue to be seen as divorced from the
needs of their communities, and those communites will be increasingly unwilling
to support their orchestras financially in years to come.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              551 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 19, 1991, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Don't Call Today's Combat Soldier Low Skilled;
Dependent Allowances

SECTION: Section A; Page 16; Column 6; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 182 words


To the Editor:

Support the troops. What started as a simple call has grown into a crescendo.
Even the opponents of our latest war make it clear that their activities are not
meant to demean the men and women over there. We show support with snippets of
ribbon, massive flag waving, a steady stream of letters to the front. New
support symbols appear almost daily.

In war, as elsewhere, talk is cheap. Television reports remind us of the
economic plight of the dependents of an unknown but obviously large number of
the soldiers called to duty in the Persian Gulf. They are wives, husbands, young
children, grandparents called suddenly to shoulder unanticipated burdens. One
night's special case was a bedridden mother supported and cared for entirely by
a son who was called up.

Symbols don't pay rent or feed children. I suggest an immediate increase in
allowances for dependents of enlisted military personnel stationed in the war
theater and enactment of a graduated income tax surcharge to finance the costs
of the allowances.

SANFORD COHEN
Albuquerque, N.M., Feb. 11, 1991

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              552 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     July 13, 1993, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Griffey hits landmark // Gonzalez blast tops contest

BYLINE: Mike Dodd

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 308 words

DATELINE: BALTIMORE


Seattle's Ken Griffey Jr. became the first player to hit the Camden Yards
warehouse on the fly Monday - and had to share the spotlight for the All-Star
Workout's home run derby.

Texas' Juan Gonzalez, a right-handed hitter, smashed two balls into previously
undented territory - the facade of the upper deck in left field (473 feet) and
the green wall behind the center-field fence (455 feet).

Even Griffey was more impressed with Gonzalez's upper-deck shot than his own.

"Reggie Jackson and I were sitting there talking about it and said that ball was
hit way better than 473," said Griffey, estimating it would have gone 600 feet
into the sunset. "He definitely had a stewardess on that ball. What movie was he
showing? Batman Returns?"

Gonzalez, who won the contest in a tiebreaker with Griffey, said he thought it
was the longest ball he'd ever hit. Asked about Griffey's shot, he said didn't
want to demean the Mariner's accomplishment, but laughed, "Hey, the real power
is here."

Griffey's blast, which came in the tiebreaker, hit the warehouse about 8 feet
off the ground several yards to the left of the foul pole. The IBM Tale of the
Tape put it at 445 feet.

"I didn't think it was going to get there," he said. "I was trying to
concentrate on the next ball, then everybody started clapping."

Griffey autographed the ball for the youngster who retrieved it.

In actual games, three players have hit balls into Eutaw Street, the concession
area and walkway in front of the warehouse. Monday, about nine balls landed in
the walkway.

Reggie Jackson cleared it in the celebrity home run derby and the rest came in
the All-Star derby or batting practice. Atlanta's David Justice's shot landed 5
feet short of the wall, hitting a soft drink stand. Bobby Bonilla cleared the
Eutaw Street fence twice and Griffey three other times.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Porter Binks, USA TODAY

64TH ALL-STAR GAME SPECIAL SECTION

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              553 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                              March 1, 2015 Sunday

HED NEWS OFFLEAD FIELD GUIDE TO UPSCALE GROCERY SHOPPERS

SECTION: 4STD; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 969 words


A good way to get shouted down in Tampa Bay is to demean the glory of the Publix
"Pub sub." Or blaspheme Trader Joe's by saying it isn't worth the stampede. Or
dare utter that Locale is - quelle horreur! - overrated.

Tampa Bay is passionate about where it shops for food. Hold on: Did we say
passionate? We meant BONKERS. Never before have there been so many high-end
markets and fancy-dancy groceries on both sides of the bay. You know where you
love to buy groceries, and you know why your place is better than everyone
else's place.

We've been watching you, Betty and Bob Bonkers. So herewith, a totally snarky,
gently teasing and just-for-laughs study of who shops where, why you shop there
- and how everyone in Fresh Market is wearing yoga pants.

Trader Joe's

Key Shopper: For a while, EVERYBODY EVERYWHERE.

Key Food Item: Two Buck Chuck gets all the pub, but Trader's Joe's Triple Ginger
Snaps - which include fresh, crystallized and ground ginger - are so
semantically, obnoxiously Trader Joe's, we're going with those.

Key Car in Parking Lot: For a while, EVERY CAR EVERYWHERE. Those lots are like
Mad Max, dude. Two minivans enter, one minivan leaves!

Key Employee: Perky yet cocky, this worker wears his nautical title - mate,
captain, crew member - with a Publix-dismissing pride. He also says "Ahoy" a
lot. But it's a small price to pay for those crazy-good g-snaps.

Overheard at Trader Joe's: "You haven't livvved until you've tried the Trader
Joe's Sprouted Organic California Rice. Did I mention it's organic? Because, you
know, it's organic."

Mazzaro Italian Market

Key Shopper: Takes great pride in correctly, and loudly, pronouncing
"sfogliatelle" at bakery counter.

Key Food Item: Anything in the hallowed Cheese Room, where we're pretty sure
half the names are made up. Lou Bergier Pichin? No way, Mazzaro's. That's
totally your cousin's name.

Key Car in Parking Lot: Old-school Cadillacs. New-school Cadillacs. Plus
whatever you and your hungover buddies drive on Saturday morning. That chicken
parm sub has healing powers.

Key Employee: Those lunchtime deli counter guys are somewhat, ahem,
intimidating.

Overheard at Mazzaro's: "This meatball is the size of my face." (Then you eat
the whole thing in less than 30 seconds.)

Locale Market

Key Shopper: You, but only when you're trying to impress friends and relatives
by saying "alligator andouille." Also, high-powered CEOs living in downtown St.
Pete high-rises.

Key Food Item: The St. Petersburger, natch. We only wish Barry White were still
around to croon those sexy ingredients: dry-aged beef, shredded romaine in
"secret sauce," smoked Gouda, double-smoked crisp bacon, caramelized onions,
mushrooms, American cheese, all on a brioche bun. Aww yeah

Key Car in Parking Lot: There's no real parking lot. The high-risers walk there.
Or maybe their butlers carry them. Whatever.

Key Employee: It's always cool when you spot celeb owners Michael Mina and Don
Pintabona. It's never cool when you shout to your Aunt Shirley in the middle of
the store, "That's Michael Mina and Don Pintabona!"

Overheard at Locale: "There's nowhere to sit. It's too crowded and expensive.
The lines are long." "Then why do you come here?" "Because it's AWESOME."

The Fresh Market

Key Shopper: Tank-Top Guy and Yoga Pants Woman, both of whom look way too clean
and beautiful for having just worked out (which we're almost positive they
didn't).

Key Food Item: Thai lobster salad. Buckets of it. Plus can we address the
elephant in the room: For being a "healthy" place, there are a ton of gummy
candies. We see you snacking on gummy sharks, Tank Top.

Key Car in Parking Lot: A lotta Lexi. This place ain't cheap.

Key Employee: Whichever saint presses our smoked ham, Gruyere cheese and fig
panini. That's a heckuva sandwich.

Overheard at Fresh Market: "I'm sorry, I couldn't hear you over Tank-Top Guy
trying to pick up Yoga Pants Woman: How long do I cook my antibiotic-free
chateaubriand?"

Whole Foods Market

Key Shopper: Healthier than Fresh Market folks, but not as obsessed about GMOs
as Rollin' Oats folks. Customers are called "flavor enthusiasts." Yes, we're
judging all of you.

Key Food Item: Engine 2 Plant-Strong Thai Basil Edamame Plant Burger. All
together now: Mmmm.

Key Car in Parking Lot: Prius with an Obama sticker.

Key Employee: One of the rare people on the planet who can actually explain what
gluten-free means. You don't know. Don't lie.

Overheard at Whole Foods Market: "Mom, can we please have Engine 2 Plant-Strong
Thai Basil Edamame Plant Burgers for dinner again tonight?" "Oh, Bartholomew,
you are spoiled, mister!"

Rollin' Oats Market & Café

Key Shopper: Your intense, commune-living Aunt Shirley from Seattle who once
gave you carob chocolate and you never loved her the same way again.

Key Food Item: It may look like ice cream, but trust us: It's not. There's
nothing cow-y about it.

Key Car in Parking Lot: Whatever it is, there's a peace sticker on that sucker
somewhere.

Key Employee: Hemp-wearing grad students who know exactly where the ear-wax
candles are.

Overheard at Rollin' Oats: "I went out with that guy again. You know, Rance? The
one who home-brews his own kombucha?"

Publix Super Markets

Key Shopper: All of us. Even Tank-Top Guy.

Key Food Item: Savory tarragon chicken! Oh, and don't get us started on
Publix-brand ice cream. The best, right? Anybody remember Santa's White
Christmas?!

Key Car in Parking Lot: A 2007 Nissan Murano, disobeying the directional
"arrows." You know what, too bad, it's every man for himself in this madhouse.

Key Employee: Adorable Deli Counter Lady, who offers you free samples of
EverRoast chicken breast.

Overheard at Publix: "Hey Deli Counter Lady, why is the wait for cold cuts 37
minutes long on a Tuesday morning? Seriously, how am I No. 58 already? It's 8
a.m.!"

breaking-news, top-news, news-nav, top-business, retail

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              554 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                             October 1, 2010 Friday

New York Gubernatorial Race Cuomo: Charges by rival hurtful

SECTION: STATE

LENGTH: 427 words


Saturday October 2, 2010

NEW YORK (AP) -- Democratic gubernatorial candidate Andrew Cuomo said Friday
that allegations about marital infidelity leveled at him by his Republican rival
had hurt Cuomo's family and further turned off voters from politics.

"Let's not degrade the process and let's not demean the state and let's not turn
people off with baseless accusations or negativity when we should be talking
about them and not us," Cuomo said.

Cuomo spoke at a news conference on Staten Island, where he was endorsed by the
borough's president, James Molinaro. It was the first time Cuomo has faced
reporters since his GOP opponent, Carl Paladino, suggested in an interview
published Wednesday in Politico.com that Cuomo may have had "paramours" during
his 15-year marriage to Kerry Kennedy, a daughter of Robert F. Kennedy. The
couple divorced in 2005.

Paladino subsequently got into a much-publicized dustup with a New York Post
reporter who pressed Paladino for proof of his allegations. Paladino said he
would substantiate his claim at some point during the campaign.

But in an interview published Friday in The Buffalo News, Paladino said he has
no evidence that Cuomo had been unfaithful. Paladino said he had simply been
venting frustration over media interest in the 10-year old daughter he has
acknowledged fathering with a mistress. "It's not that I was accusing him,"
Paladino told the newspaper.

Cuomo said the accusations had been difficult for his three daughters with
Kennedy-- 15-year old twins Mariah and Cara and 13-year old Michaela.

"I talked to them about what was in the newspapers. I explained to them the
truth. At the end of the day, he said it, they are baseless accusations," Cuomo
said.

He added, "This is why people are turned off. It's exactly why people say
politics is negative, it's dirty. It does this state a disservice."

Paladino's angry, take-no-prisoners campaign style has brought a seismic jolt to
a gubernatorial campaign that had looked for months as though it would be a
cakewalk for Cuomo, the state attorney general who had run a cautious campaign
that suggested inevitability. Cuomo seemed momentarily knocked off his game
after Paladino's decisive victory in the Sept. 14 primary, as many conservative
and tea party voters embraced Paladino's pledge to "clean up Albany with a
baseball bat."

But Paladino's heated rhetoric, including accusations about Cuomo's personal
life and a televised threat to "take out" the New York Post reporter who
confronted him about the accusations -- have surprised even jaded political
observers.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              555 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                              June 15, 2007 Friday
                                National Edition

FLAMES COUNTING ON KEENAN'S EXPERIENCE; JOINS HIS EIGHTH TEAM

BYLINE: Scott Cruickshank, CanWest News Service

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S2

LENGTH: 514  words

DATELINE: CALGARY


CALGARY - In his first official appearance as the Calgary Flames' head coach,
Mike Keenan answered every question.

Patiently. Smoothly. Directly. Eloquently.

He never wavered, even when some of the queries -- predictably --delved into his
well-established reputation as a miserable so-and-so.

"Part of the persona you develop from being extremely firm is [the
misconception] that you're not compassionate, that you don't care," said Keenan,
flanked by general manager Darryl Sutter and associate coach Jim Playfair in a
media-clogged boardroom yesterday afternoon at the Pengrowth Saddledome.

"It's like parenting -- sometimes you have to be firm. You try to be fair and...
you're always loving."

Keenan insists that he's not the same skipper who, chomping ice and kicking butt
and terrorizing players, burst onto the National Hockey League scene in 1984
with the Philadelphia Flyers.

"If you want to scrutinize my coaching reputation, demean-our, approach, and if
you want to really examine it closely, I have changed," said Keenan. "If I
hadn't changed, I wouldn't have coached in the league as long as I did."

Apparently, the 57-year-old whip-cracker has mellowed.

But only a fool would expect Iris Mike Keenan to show up when training camp
breaks.

There'll be no Iron deficiency here.

The Flames didn't hire a coddler, they didn't need a baby-sitter.

Not satisfied with consecutive first-round ousters, Sutter brought in the one
man he believes can strong-arm the Flames' fortunes.

"His record is clear-cut. I don't think there's anything I have to explain,"
said Sutter. "He's a perfect selection to take our team to the next level. As I
told Mike and Jimmy, together they will do something remarkable for our
organization. It's a good day for us and it's a good day for these two
gentlemen."

The goal, of course, does not need to be spelled out for anyone in this city.

"The expectation of the community -- they aren't happy unless you're
succeeding," said Keenan. "I'm hoping that I can help these young players learn
more of what it takes to be a winner.

"Being average in this league is not going to help you succeed."

The Flames are counting on Keenan's heavy load of experience to make the
difference.

With nearly 1,400 NHL notches on his belt, Keenan has travelled four times to
the Stanley Cup final -- twice with the Philadelphia Flyers (1985, 1987), once
with the Chicago Blackhawks (1992), and, most famously, winning with the New
York Rangers (1994).

In 1985, Keenan was named coach of the year.

Only five fellows -- Scotty Bowman, Al Arbour, Dick Irvin, Pat Quinn, Bryan
Murray --have posted more regular-season dubyas than Keenan's 584.

Among his seven NHL coaching stops, Keenan last worked in 2003 with the Florida
Panthers. He was fired in November, with the team holding a 5-8-2 record.

His most recent plus-.500 experience was his 2000-01 campaign -- 33-26-7 -- with
the Boston Bruins.

"I'd love to stay here and end my career here," said Keenan. "I wanted to come
here because of the people working here more than anything else. It's nice to be
in an environment where hockey is lived."

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              556 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 Sunday Mercury

                           November 15, 1998, Sunday

MYSTERY FOR IZZARD

SECTION: Pg. 43

LENGTH: 355 words


EDDIE Izzard is to portray the evil disco king Tony Pompadour in Universal's
big-budget Mystery Men.

The British comedian will do battle with a group of comic book superheroes,
played by Geoffrey Rush, Greg Kinnear, Ben Stiller and Janeane Garofalo.

Thai ties cut

AFTER submitting four script rewrites to Thailand authorities, who rejected them
all, 20th Century Fox has abandoned its attempts to film Anna and the King there
and will instead move the production to Malaysia.

The studio has been negotiating for five months to film The King and I remake in
Thailand but authorities there say the story demeans one of the country's most
revered leaders and is historically inaccurate. The film will star Jodie Foster
as British sch oolteacher Anna Leonowens and action star Chow Yun-Fat as the
king.

Faye in new Affair

FAYE Dunaway, who starred opposite Steve McQueen in the 1968 drama The Thomas
Crown Affair, has joined Pierce Brosnan in the remake, which is currently being
filmed in New York.

She will portray the psychiatrist of Thomas Crown, a millionaire playboy who
steals a world-famous painting and then strikes up a romance with the female
investigator tracking him.

The investigator's role, played in the original by Dunaway, is being taken by
Rene Russo.

Devil Gabriel

GABRIEL Byrne is to play Satan in the pounds 75 million supernatural thriller
End of Days.

The Irish actor will star opposite Arnold Schwarzenegger in the five-month
production, which begins shooting in New York next week.

The story has Satan turning up in Manhattan in search of a bride and only
Schwarzenegger can stop him from destroying the world.

Caine asks forgiveness

IHOPE women will forgive me," says Michael Caine of his role as the low-life
agent Ray Say, who delivers a vicious verbal assault on Brenda Blethyn's
character in Little Voice.

"This guy is one of the worst people I've ever played."

Little Voice, which stars Jane Horrocks as a shy girl with a gift for
impersonating great singers, is being released in the US in time to qualify for
Golden Globe and Oscar nominations.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 1998 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                              557 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 29, 1985, Monday, Late City Final Edition

Rating School Principals Is Not Fair Play

SECTION: Section A; Page 16, Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 273 words


To the Editor:

The headline in an item in New York Day by Day (April 18) about a complaint by
Theodore Elsberg, president of the Council of Supervisors and Administrators,
against the mailing of a principal's evaluation form to 56,000 teachers by
Albert Shanker, president of the United Federation of Teachers, was ''Is
Turnabout Fair Play?''

The answer is a resounding No. Though principals are required to rate teachers,
they sign their ratings and are required to submit written documentation where
performance is not up to standards.

Mr. Shanker's survey attempts to demean principals because it requires no
signature. Under the cloak of anonymity, surveys can be duplicated. There is no
requirement for all teachers in a school to return the survey, and a teacher
with a grievance can duplicate the form and send in as many copies as he or she
wishes. Moreover, what is to stop someone from rating a principal in another
school?

All of this would be treated by the principals as another ill-conceived plan by
the U.F.T. leadership to embarrass us. What is unfortunate is that our school
system needs devices to bring all the parties involved together to upgrade
education, including parents and students. If a rating form is part of that
improvement, so be it. (Incidentally, principals are subject to elaborate yearly
evaluations by their superintendents.) However, the antics of Mr. Shanker to use
an anonymous rating form to judge principals can only impede efforts to explore
meaningful solutions to tough educational prob-lems. PATRICIA SEABROOK-BLACK
Principal Jane Addams Vocational High School Bronx, April 19, 1985

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              558 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         The Evening Standard (London)

                            November 8, 2013 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

The inspiring story of those who fought against Aids apathy;
A new film shows how far we've come in tackling HIV. Yet still it carries a
stigma - and many won't get tested

BYLINE: David Furnish

SECTION: EDITORIAL; OPINION, COLUMNS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 944 words


IREMEMBER seeing the first reports about a mysterious new disease called Aids on
TV when I was a closeted young man in Canada. They started with gaunt, almost
skeletal gay men losing hope as fast as they lost weight, and they were followed
by clips of fundamentalist preachers, gloating that everything they said had
been vindicated. Here, they announced, was God's judgment on perversion.

As I watched, I backed deeper into the closet, and deeper into despair. Indeed,
I ran to the very back of the closet and tried to nail it shut. The illness was
gleefully labelled "the gay plague" and victims were treated like lepers in
medieval times.

Back then, everybody knew how the story of Aids was going to play out. It was
going to rage through gay people and prostitutes and injecting drug addicts
across the world, and kill them all. Here was a disease for which there was no
cure, killing people who were widely despised. There would be no political
action. There would be only loss.

Except that's not how it turned out. The story of Aids did not turn into a
tragedy. It turned into a story about how people overcome tragedy and achieve
the seemingly impossible. The most reviled groups in our society demanded action
- and they were so successful that if we continue on the current course, we will
end Aids in my lifetime, or the lifetime of my sons.

The story of how we got from those gloating fundamentalist preachers to the last
days of Aids is told in How to Survive a Plague, the most moving film I have
ever seen. Even if you think you have no interest in Aids, it is a story that
will show you how to hope, and dream, and fight.

The film opens in New York in despair. Gay men and drug-users are dying in
epidemic numbers, their government will not even mention the name of the disease
killing them, and the pharmaceutical companies are saying any treatment will be
decades away. The government regulatory bodies in the US are insisting on such a
slow testing process - taking at least seven years - that they are effectively
condemning anybody who is diagnosed with the disease to death. As I watched it,
I remembered the terror I had felt as a young man.

A handful of gay men, heterosexual supporters and concerned doctors gathered
together. Larry Kramer - the great gay novelist, playwright and activist - told
one of the first meetings: "Until we get our acts together, we are as good as
dead."

They formed a group called ACT UP - a cry in the dark. Since nobody was
listening to them, they decided they had to make themselves heard.

They stormed the offices of federal regulators and refused to leave until they
were listened to. They shut down train stations and thoroughfares throughout the
city. They took the ashes of their loved ones, killed by inaction, and threw
them on to the White House lawn, crying as the ashes blew into the air: "I love
you."

They were dismissed and laughed at and ridiculed. But then something else
happened. People began to listen. The pressure from ACT UP and its affiliate,
the Treatment Action Group (TAG), grew into pressure from the wider public. The
government was forced to allow faster drug trials and to divert far more money
into Aids research.

As a direct result, the first treatments were found - and millions of lives were
saved.

This story shows that if we pour all our love and strength into a fight, we can
really achieve anything - no matter how improbable it seems at the start. But
the dangers confronted by those gay men in Eighties New York are still alive for
many people across the world today - including here in London now.

Some 22 per cent of the people who are HIV-positive in Britain don't know it
yet. They don't get tested because they are afraid of the stigma, the very
judgments that were spat at ACT UP. Too often they think that if they have the
HIV virus they have done something shameful and disgusting. We can only get to
the goal that is tantalisingly within our reach - a world without Aids - if we
hose away these last remnants of stigma and prejudice.

As I know from my work with the Elton John Aids Foundation, many of the people
carrying the HIV virus in London today are either gay men or recent African
immigrants. There are people who would rather remain silent about this because
they are worried that it gives fuel to bigots who want to attack and demean
these groups.

But How to Survive a Plague shows the right way to respond to bigotry. Don't
deny it. Acknowledge it. Fight it. At the end of this month it is National HIV
Testing Week. We need a big national push to get ourselves and our friends
tested -without stigma, without shame and without stalling. As the documentary
shows, Peter Staley was a bond trader with JP Morgan on Wall Street until he was
diagnosed as HIV-positive in the first wave of the crisis. He was certain he was
going to die.

He played a key role in all the activism, not for himself - he was sure it was
too late - but for the next generation. He told a conference: "Some day there
will be a people alive on this Earth who will hear the story that once there was
a terrible disease, and that a brave group of people stood up and fought - and
in some cases died - so that others might live and be free."

Peter Staley lived. Peter Staley won. Peter Staley is alive. He survived a
plague, and thanks to people like him, millions of others will too.

We should thank them, and follow their example, into the fight against Aids and
into our doctors' surgeries to get tested.

How to Survive a Plague is in cinemas from today. Listings:
www.surviveaplague.co.uk

There are people who would rather remain silent than give fuel to bigots who
want to attack and demean them

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Millions of lives saved: protests by gay men led to greater pressure to
find treatments for HIV

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EST


                   Copyright 2013 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              559 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

Donald Trump a threat to democracy: Clinton

LENGTH: 131  words

DATELINE: Cleveland


Cleveland, July 20 -- Donald Trump is unfit to become the US president as he "
demeans" women, plays coy with "white supremacists" and is a "threat" to
American democracy, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has alleged.


 Addressing the NAACP National Convention in Cincinnati, Ohio, the State which
is hosting the Republican convention, Clinton said the Republican party, which
once was a party of Abraham Lincoln, has become a Trump entity.
 "This man is the nominee of the Party of Lincoln. And we are watching it become
the Party of Trump. And that's not just a huge loss to our democracy ? it is a
threat to our democracy. By now, we've heard a lot of troubling things about
Donald Trump but that one's shocking," Clinton, 68, said.
 "It all adds up to an undeniable conclusion

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              560 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

Donald Trump a threat to democracy: Clinton

LENGTH: 131  words

DATELINE: Cleveland


Cleveland, July 20 -- Donald Trump is unfit to become the US president as he "
demeans" women, plays coy with "white supremacists" and is a "threat" to
American democracy, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has alleged.


 Addressing the NAACP National Convention in Cincinnati, Ohio, the State which
is hosting the Republican convention, Clinton said the Republican party, which
once was a party of Abraham Lincoln, has become a Trump entity.
 "This man is the nominee of the Party of Lincoln. And we are watching it become
the Party of Trump. And that's not just a huge loss to our democracy ? it is a
threat to our democracy. By now, we've heard a lot of troubling things about
Donald Trump but that one's shocking," Clinton, 68, said.
 "It all adds up to an undeniable conclusion

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              561 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

Donald Trump a threat to democracy: Clinton

LENGTH: 131  words

DATELINE: Cleveland


Cleveland, July 20 -- Donald Trump is unfit to become the US president as he "
demeans" women, plays coy with "white supremacists" and is a "threat" to
American democracy, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has alleged.


 Addressing the NAACP National Convention in Cincinnati, Ohio, the State which
is hosting the Republican convention, Clinton said the Republican party, which
once was a party of Abraham Lincoln, has become a Trump entity.
 "This man is the nominee of the Party of Lincoln. And we are watching it become
the Party of Trump. And that's not just a huge loss to our democracy ? it is a
threat to our democracy. By now, we've heard a lot of troubling things about
Donald Trump but that one's shocking," Clinton, 68, said.
 "It all adds up to an undeniable conclusion

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              562 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

Donald Trump a threat to democracy: Clinton

LENGTH: 131  words

DATELINE: Cleveland


Cleveland, July 20 -- Donald Trump is unfit to become the US president as he "
demeans" women, plays coy with "white supremacists" and is a "threat" to
American democracy, Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton has alleged.


 Addressing the NAACP National Convention in Cincinnati, Ohio, the State which
is hosting the Republican convention, Clinton said the Republican party, which
once was a party of Abraham Lincoln, has become a Trump entity.
 "This man is the nominee of the Party of Lincoln. And we are watching it become
the Party of Trump. And that's not just a huge loss to our democracy ? it is a
threat to our democracy. By now, we've heard a lot of troubling things about
Donald Trump but that one's shocking," Clinton, 68, said.
 "It all adds up to an undeniable conclusion

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              563 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 28, 2014 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Truth-Telling in a Medical Setting

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; LETTERS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 663 words


To the Editor:

Re ''When Doctors Need to Lie'' (Sunday Review, Feb. 23):

Dr. Sandeep Jauhar expresses the periodic need for doctors to be paternalistic
and for their occasional need to lie. When my career began, more than 50 years
ago, this view was common. Sadly, some physicians still feel the need for both
practices.

Despite requests from family members, lying is never useful. Even when insisting
on treatment for a reluctant, critically ill person, one must tell the truth.
One can avoid being blunt, but truth is essential to any relationship.

A synonym of ''paternalism'' is ''condescension.'' Whether a patient is 7 or 77,
condescension demeans the patient and can only be seen as a manifestation of the
physician's arrogance.

Someday, Dr. Jauhar may himself be a patient in grave circumstances. I'm sure
that at that point he will appreciate the need to see his physician as an equal,
not as an authority.

HOWARD SHAPIRO Scottsdale, Ariz., Feb. 23, 2014

The writer is a retired nephrologist.

To the Editor:

Dr. Sandeep Jauhar states that patients ''have the right to direct their own
care.'' Indeed, autonomy is the reigning medical ethic. But autonomy does not
bestow on the patient the right to receive any desired treatment.

Autonomy allows the well-informed patient to accept or reject medically
appropriate treatments, but not to receive treatments thought by the doctor to
be inappropriate. The American Medical Association's code of ethics states this
unequivocally: ''Physicians should not provide, prescribe or seek compensation
for medical services that they know are unnecessary.''

Choices about patient care should be made jointly between the doctor and the
patient, from options that are medically indicated.

HERBERT RAKATANSKY Providence, R.I., Feb. 24, 2014

The writer is clinical professor emeritus of medicine at the Warren Alpert
Medical School of Brown University.

To the Editor:

Dr. Sandeep Jauhar discusses the contrast, and conflict, between the physician's
historical paternalism and today's patient autonomy. He uses the example of a
patient in his 50s who told doctors that he didn't want to be intubated and
ultimately needed a breathing tube in his throat to save his life.

When a patient needs a cardiac procedure, it is expected that the physician
adequately explains the advantages and disadvantages. Likewise, when a physician
obtains an advance directive (cardiopulmonary resuscitation and intubation
decisions), he must take the time to discuss the pros and cons of those
decisions.

In my 36 years as a cardiologist, most patients say they don't want to be
intubated because of the perception that they will become vegetative and a
burden to others. But most are willing to be intubated if there is a reasonable
chance of recovery. Patient autonomy requires an adequately informed patient.

MARC J. SCHWEIGER Sarasota, Fla., Feb. 23, 2014

To the Editor:

Dr. Sandeep Jauhar's article conflates three different ethical issues. One is
the ethics of withholding or providing misleading information; another is the
ethics of acting against a patient's wishes, and the third is the ethics of
having to act immediately with imperfect knowledge of the patient's wishes.
These are extremely different issues.

I'll confine my views to the first issue.

I have never found it necessary or helpful to lie to a patient. When it's
necessary to deliver bad news, I sit down, hold the patient's hand and say:
''Unfortunately, not all of my news is good today. Do you want me to be
completely frank?'' I'll often add, ''Stop me if you decide that you've heard
enough for today.''

Sometimes patients or families will say they aren't ready to hear everything
right away; I respect that and tell them that we can talk again in a day or two.
But there is no need to guess what a patient wants or doesn't want to hear. If
you ask her, she will tell you.

DAVID W. ROBERSON West Roxbury, Mass., Feb. 24, 2014

The writer is a senior associate in otolaryngology at Boston Children's
Hospital.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/02/28/opinion/truth-telling-in-a-medical-setting.htm
l

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWING (DRAWING BY TIM PEACOCK)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              564 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                             January 1, 2010 Friday

Accused of abuse, coach is fired;
Player, and his father, claimed mistreatment in Texas Tech program

BYLINE: THAYER EVANS and PETE THAMEL

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 844 words


One of the most peculiar weeks in college football history took another bizarre
twist when the lawyer for Texas Tech coach Mike Leach was informed outside a
courthouse in Lubbock, Texas, that his client was fired.

Leach's dismissal Wednesday came after he was suspended by the university from
coaching in the Alamo Bowl on Saturday for what it said was his mistreatment of
one of his players, Adam James, a sophomore receiver who is the son of Craig
James, a broadcaster for ESPN. Leach was accused of isolating James in an
equipment garage and a media room while he was sitting out practice with a
concussion.

Texas Tech officials said that Leach's actions, including not signing a letter
spelling out guidelines for dealing with players, and his reaction to their
investigation forced them to fire him.

''His contemporaneous statements make it clear that the coach's actions against
the player were meant to demean, humiliate and punish the player rather than to
serve the team's best interest,'' a Texas Tech statement said. ''This action,
along with his continuous acts of insubordination, resulted in irreconcilable
differences that make it impossible for Coach Leach to remain at Texas Tech.''

Leach said his dismissal stemmed from bitterness on the board of regents that
lingered from his contentious contract negotiations last year.

''Texas Tech's decision to deal in lies and fabricate a story which led to my
firing includes, but is not limited by, the animosity remaining from last year's
contract negotiations,'' Leach said in a statement. ''I will not tolerate such
retaliatory action; additionally, we will pursue all available legal remedies.''

Leach, 48, was due a bonus of $800,000 on Dec. 31. A hearing was scheduled
Wednesday on an injunction he was seeking so he could coach the Red Raiders on
Saturday, but it never took place. Ruffin McNeill, the defensive coordinator, is
the interim coach.

The firing is another sign that the treatment of college football players is
being scrutinized more than ever. Leach is the second Big 12 coach this month to
lose his job after allegations of abuse.

Mark Mangino of Kansas resigned Dec. 3 amid a university investigation into his
treatment of players. Leach and Mangino were assistants at Oklahoma in 1999
under coach Bob Stoops. When Kansas' investigation of Mangino was announced last
month, Leach spoke out in support of him and called the probe a ''witch hunt.''

Leach's firing continues an odd week in college football. Florida Coach Urban
Meyer resigned Saturday, then changed his mind and said Sunday he was taking an
indefinite leave of absence.

The aftermath of Leach's firing has been ugly. His supporters are painting Craig
James as an overzealous father who attended nearly half of Texas Tech's
practices this season and tried to influence his son's playing time.

There are also critics of Texas Tech for firing a coach over mistreatment of a
player after it hired Bob Knight as basketball coach following his
well-documented history of mistreating players, physically and verbally, during
his time at Indiana.

Several former and current players and coaches defended Leach and criticized
Adam James for his work ethic in e-mail messages obtained by CBSSports.com. But
many other Texas Tech players supported James, who caught 17 passes this season.

''I do agree and I'm supporting Adam and what he's doing because it's the right
thing to do,'' receiver Tramain Swindall told The Associated Press.

He added that ''most of the players'' agreed with the decision and that there
was a ''negative vibe'' in the program.

Leach had a record of 84-43 at Texas Tech and took the school to a bowl game in
each of his 10 seasons while becoming the university's leader in career
victories. Texas Tech is 8-4 this season.

But while Leach's success raised Texas Tech's national profile, his eccentric
personality had begun to wear on the university's administration, especially
during the last year.

In February he agreed to a five-year, $12.7 million contract, but only after he
ignored two deadlines that the university had imposed during negotiations.
According to Leach's contract, Texas Tech must pay him $400,000 for each
remaining year.

In September, Leach barred his players from having Twitter pages after
linebacker Marlon Williams posted a message in which he asked why he was still
in a meeting room when ''the head coach can't even be on time.''

The next month, after a loss to Texas A&M, Leach criticized his players for
listening to ''their fat little girlfriends'' and not taking the Aggies
seriously.

On Wednesday, Texas Tech fans in the university's colors, black and red, packed
the Lubbock County courthouse hours before the hearing that was to be held at 10
a.m. It was about 11:55 a.m. in the 99th District courtroom when Leach's lawyer,
Ted Liggett, read a letter from Texas Tech that announced that Leach had been
fired, setting off a chorus of boos.

''There was obviously some negative reaction,'' the county court administrator,
David Slayton, said by telephone. ''It was pretty emotionally charged.''

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              565 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            February 22, 2009 Sunday

Review: Ifill's 'Breakthrough' a thoughtful survey of the black political
landscape

BYLINE: By Douglas C. Lyons McClatchy News Service

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Books

LENGTH: 417 words


It's too bad Republicans backing their candidate in the recent presidential
election chose to demean Gwen Ifill's "The Breakthrough" in hopes of
disqualifying the venerable black journalist as the moderator of the vice
presidential debate.

Now that it's published, they should read the book.

Ifill, the moderator and managing editor of PBS' "Washington Week" and a senior
correspondent of "The NewsHour With Jim Lehrer," explores the landscape of black
politics. Her book is must reading for anyone interested in better understanding
the new wave of America's elected leaders and how they choose to govern.

The title is self-explanatory. Obama is the new standard in politics and, as
Ifill points out in the book's conclusion, "the bench (of black elected
officials) is deep   crammed elbow-to-elbow with mayors, state lawmakers and
other rising stars poised to grab at the next brass ring."

This new breed   including Michael Coleman, mayor of Columbus, Ohio; Kamala
Harris, San Francisco's district attorney; Artur Davis, congressman from
Alabama; or Deval Patrick, governor of Massachusetts   are all Democrats
representing a more diverse and demanding electorate. These are not your
parents' black politicians. They tend, as Ifill emphasizes throughout the book,
to cater to white voters and assume their black supporters will somehow
understand.

Ifill does more than a credible job of reporting, taking a series of interviews
with a wide range of black politicians to assess their challenges. This nation
has yet to reach its "post-racial" stage where ability and merit trumps race,
and today's black politicians are painfully aware of it.

To many of their elders, they are brash upstarts who won't wait their turn. Of
course, there's the "black" tightrope. To some black voters, a black politician
may not be "black" enough. To their white counterparts, that same politician may
be "too black."

Partisans may note that "The Breakthrough" almost exclusively features
Democrats, which is more of an indictment of the Republican Party than the
book's author. Ironically, Ifill offers the political party that targeted her
during the 2008 campaign a blueprint for future success.

Republicans would be wise to follow the Obama model and develop their own cadre
of black, post-civil rights, coalition-building candidates to move their
beleaguered party to the next level.Nonfiction

     ·    TITLE: "The Breakthrough: Politics and Race in the Age of Obama"
          AUTHOR: Gwen Ifill PUBLISHER: Doubleday PRICE: $25.95; PAGES: 288


LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              566 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           February 15, 2009, Sunday

PBS' Gwen Ifill takes fresh look at Obama's effect on politics

BYLINE: Douglas C. Lyons, Sun Sentinel

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. P3F

LENGTH: 394 words


It's too bad Republicans backing their candidate in the recent presidential
election chose to demean Gwen Ifill's "The Breakthrough" in hopes of
disqualifying the venerable black journalist as the moderator of the
vice-presidential debate.

Now that it's published, they should read the book.

Ifill, the moderator and managing editor of PBS' "Washington Week" and a senior
correspondent of "The NewsHour with Jim Lehrer," explores the landscape of black
politics. Her book is must reading for anyone interested in better understanding
the new wave of America's elected leaders and how they choose to govern.

The title is self-explanatory. Obama is the new standard in politics and, as
Ifill points out in the book's conclusion, "the bench [of black elected
officials] is deep - crammed elbow-to-elbow with mayors, state lawmakers and
other rising stars poised to grab at the next brass ring."

This new breed - including Michael Coleman, mayor of Columbus, Ohio; Kamala
Harris, San Francisco's district attorney; Artur Davis, congressman from
Alabama; or Deval Patrick, governor of Massachusetts - are all Democrats
representing a more diverse and demanding electorate. These are not your
parents' black politicians. They tend, as Ifill emphasizes throughout the book,
to cater to white voters and to assume their black supporters will somehow
understand.

Ifill does more than a credible job of reporting, taking a series of interviews
with a wide range of black politicians to assess their challenges. This nation
has yet to reach its "post-racial" stage where ability and merit trumps race,
and today's black politicians are painfully aware of it.

To many of their elders, they are brash upstarts who won't wait their turn. Of
course, there's the "black" tightrope. To some black voters, a black politician
may not be "black" enough. To their white counterparts, that same politician may
be "too black."

Partisans may note that "The Breakthrough" almost exclusively features
Democrats, which is more of an indictment of the Republican Party than the
book's author. Ironically, Ifill offers the political party that targeted her
during the 2008 campaign a blueprint for future success.

Republicans would be wise to follow the Obama model and develop their own cadre
of black, post-civil rights, coalition-building candidates to move their
beleaguered party to the next level.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Charleston Newspapers


                              567 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                           December 29, 2005 Thursday
                                  City Edition

Letters

SECTION: B; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 667 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN, NE


HEY, WE'RE NEBRASKA, TOO

I read in the Dec. 27 newspaper the topics of upcoming issues concerning the "O"
Factor in comparing Lincoln to Omaha. The articles that I have read so far were
interesting. However, I would like to protest in advance the use of the term
"outstate" as indicated in the topic for the next Saturday issue.

To me and many people who do not live in Lincoln or Omaha, the use of "outstate"
is like a racial slur. It basically means that Lincoln and Omaha are the state
and all of the rest are just afterthoughts. Believe me, the Tecumsehs,
Lexingtons, Ogallalas, McCooks, Beaver Crossings, Sewards and all of the rest of
the towns in Nebraska are as much a part of the state as the two largest cities.

Yes, Lincoln and Omaha are both great cities, but please don't demean the rest
of the towns in Nebraska by calling them "outstate." It seems that a more
positive term such as "greater Nebraska" or "rural Nebraska" could be used.

Jim Amos, Tecumseh

NO MORE RIBBONS TO CUT?

It is apparent why Mayor Seng is against the construction of a Wal-Mart in
Northeast Lincoln. Wal-Mart must have refused to allow her to do the
ribbon-cutting ceremony once opened.

Aaron Alward, Lincoln

FARMS FADING INTO HISTORY

Congratulations to the Farm Bureau and corporate agricultural interests. They
finally succeeded in defeating one of the last protections for the "family
farm."

But perhaps now those farmers and ranchers who truly live and work on a farm
will see the Farm Bureau for what it is - a giant insurance company that sticks
its nose into agricultural issues on the side of corporate agriculture. They
have now finished what the Confined Animal Feeding Operations (CAFOs) started,
which is putting the nail in the coffin of the family farm.

Soon, our kids and grandkids will not be able to relive the days of growing up
on a farm. Perhaps they will remember days of growing up in a trailer house next
to a stinking hog building where their dad worked for minimum wage and inhaled
noxious fumes that destroyed not only his but his family's health as well, while
they drank water from a well contaminated by nitrates and bacteria.

Soon, thanks to these people, we will find out what a loaf of bread is really
worth as, once corporate ag interests have run all the family farms out of
business and a few corporate ag companies control the bulk of the grain and meat
supplies, they will have control of the market and we'll see the end of rather
cheap food prices.

Bruce Stephens, Lincoln

CONSTITUTION IRREFUTABLE

In response to the revelation that he has repeatedly authorized domestic
surveillance without a warrant, the president has claimed plenary executive
power. He has further argued that this sweeping power cannot be constrained by
congressional oversight or the Fourth Amendment because it is vital for national
security in an era of constant war. All Americans should regard this claim with
the utmost suspicion.

This is a nation of laws, not of men. Our freedoms have been hard-won and
repeatedly defended at the cost of the lives of many Americans. The Constitution
is the final arbiter of these freedoms, and its protections apply equally to all
of us. To allow even temporary exceptions to these protections is to hack away
at the roots of the rule of law in this country.

The Constitution is not a partisan document, and this is not a partisan issue.
Republican or Democrat, we are all united by our common investment in the Bill
of Rights. No servant of the people can be allowed to state that their judgment
is superior to the law. With his claim of extraordinary executive power, the
president has flouted this fundamental principle of American democracy. In so
doing, he has provoked a constitutional crisis. It must be resolved, and if the
actions of this administration prove to be illegal, it must result either in the
impeachment of the president or with the conclusion that the Constitution of the
United States no longer applies at all times to all Americans.

Mark A. Wilson, Lincoln

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              568 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 Network World

                               November 03, 2003

Women in IT

BYLINE: Kamalesh Thakker

SECTION: OPINIONS; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 507 words



Thanks for your very instructive story about women coping in IT
(www.nwfusion.com, DocFinder: 8323). As a former pre-sales software engineering
manager, I've tried to be sensitive to gender issues, and this gives me further
information to harmonize team dynamics.

Your story "Female IT professionals cope in a male-dominated industry" was
positive overall, and several of the women interviewed were encouraging. But I
was dismayed with Trend Micro CTO Eva Chen, who switches her title to
"engineering secretary" and has male colleagues pose questions on her behalf in
response to "a cultural bias in Japan against women in authority." Chen's
approach serves to promote stereotypes women have worked for years to displace.
To degrade every woman in business simply to mollify someone who can't stand the
thought of a woman who knows what she is doing is worse than having to deal
directly with the prejudice.

There are other ways to deal with cultural bias. To suggest that women must be
subservient and deliberately demean themselves to do business is wrong. Such a
model should never be promoted as a way for women to present themselves.

Regarding theories on why more females aren't going into high-tech fields: The
Simmons College School of Management in Boston did a very interesting study on
this topic last year. The study, called "Teen Girls on Business," looks into
reasons why girls do not seem to be entering the business world even though it
could be a good alternative for them. The study and various additional
discussion points can be found at DocFinder: 8324.

Regarding Mark Gibbs' Backspin column "For the people and by the people"
(DocFinder: 8325): I'm old enough now that I probably won't get to enjoy Gibbs'
particular "utopia" . . . and I'm very glad of it!

Difficulty in recording votes is neither the only reason, nor even the main
reason, that we have a republic, not a democracy. The main intent of
representative democracy is to avoid mob rule and faddishness. Yes, politicians
can be manipulated by special pleadings and even "bought" by special interests.
But do you really think the average Joe and Jane are immune to these same
blandishments, possibly repackaged for efficient distribution via Internet? If
so, then you don't know much about human nature. The recent circus in California
is one of the best examples of why "true" democracy isn't practicable.

One problem with technical experts is that they begin to view every problem in
terms of possible technical solutions, even in areas (like politics) that cannot
be solved by purely technical means. Yes, there's surely a place for technology
in solving some of the issues in running a good, clean election. And yes, what
happened in November 2000 in Florida is a good example of the need for that.

But forget the direct-rule participatory democracy fantasy. Representative
democracy has been working just fine in the U.S. for more than 200 years, thank
you very much. It ain't perfect, but it's still the best the world has ever
seen.


LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2003 Network World, Inc.


                              569 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   October 25, 1990, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

VIRGINIA

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 74 words

DATELINE: ROANOKE


State's 10 welcome centers will remain open while state finds private groups,
others to foot $ 1.3 million annual bill, official said. State planned to close
them due to budget woes. ... FREDERICKSBURG - ''Wo-Man'' contest at Mary
Washington College - in which men dress as women - will go on today despite
critics' protest that it demeans women, homosexuals, officials said. All-male
Hamlet House dorm dumped show in '89 due to uproar.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Across the USA

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                              570 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              May 15, 2009 Friday

UND to drop 'Fighting Sioux' Higher ed board votes 8-0

SECTION: NEWS/LOCAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 931 words


DICKINSON - North Dakota's Board of Higher Education has agreed to drop the
University of North Dakota's Fighting Sioux nickname and Indian head logo, a
move intended to resolve a decades-long campus dispute about whether the name
demeans American Indians.

The name and logo, which is a profile of an American Indian man with feathers
and streaks of paint on his face, could still be saved if North Dakota's
Standing Rock and Spirit Lake Sioux tribes agree by Oct. 1 to give UND
permission to use them for at least 30 years.

However, tribal officials say that possibility is remote, and board members and
UND President Robert Kelley spoke of the logo and nickname in the past tense on
Thursday. Unless the name and logo receive tribal endorsement, they will be
retired for good on Aug. 1, 2010.

The board, which met Thursday at Dickinson State University, voted 8-0 to retire
the logo and nickname.

"This has been a long-standing tradition at UND, and I think the board action
now instructs the university to develop new traditions," Kelley said.

Said Richie Smith, the president of the Board of Higher Education: "The logo and
nickname have been symbols of pride for many generations, but it's time to go
forward."

Board member Grant Shaft, who is chairman of a committee that has been studying
the issue, said the move may help UND's likely application to join the Summit
League, an 11-member NCAA Division I conference that is seeking a 12th school.

North Dakota State University and South Dakota State University are already
Summit League members. The University of South Dakota is joining in July 2011.
The three schools and UND are all former members of the former North Central
Conference, a group of NCAA Division II schools.

Tom Douple, the Summit League's commissioner, has said the University of North
Dakota won't be considered for membership as long as the nickname and logo
dispute festered.

Shaft said Douple advised him that several schools are possibilities as a 12th
Summit League member, and said UND should apply as soon as possible if it is
interested in joining. Brian Faison, UND's athletics director, regards the
league as an excellent fit, Shaft said.

Shaft and Kelley were among a group of university system officials who met with
Douple last month at the league's suburban Chicago headquarters. Douple said
there was no guarantee UND would be admitted even if the nickname and logo issue
were resolved, Shaft said.

Douple's statements made a settlement of the nickname dispute more urgent, Shaft
told board members. The NCAA, in a lawsuit settlement with UND about continued
use of the name and logo, had given North Dakota officials until Nov. 30, 2010,
to decide whether to keep it.

Shaft said UND supporters of the nickname and logo may be partly mollified when
they realize a quick resolution of the dispute was needed for UND to have a
chance at joining the Summit League, the Big Sky Conference or another Division
I league.

"I do think that the bulk of the name and logo supporters understand that league
affiliation is a trumping issue," Shaft said. "Most of the supporters agree that
that is an issue that had to be addressed."

The board's action does not suggest any blueprint for UND to follow in choosing
a new nickname and logo. Kelley said a transition team will be appointed to
oversee the process.

"What this permits the University of North Dakota to do is to start a marketing
initiative," Kelley said. "Over time, I think we would see enhancement of our
revenue structure for athletic programs. I think we would see the enhancement of
fan interest."

UND sports teams have been known as the Fighting Sioux since 1930, when the
moniker replaced Flickertails.

Arguments against the nickname's racial origins have flared regularly for
decades. Its supporters say the name is intended to honor North Dakota's Sioux
tribes, while critics say it is demeaning and fosters racial tension on the
university's campus in Grand Forks, in northeastern North Dakota.

The debate came to a head in September 2005, when the NCAA declared Fighting
Sioux as "hostile and abusive" to American Indians and said UND would be barred
from hosting NCAA postseason tournaments if the school continued using it.

The Board of Higher Education then sued the NCAA, arguing the organization had
not followed its own rules in issuing its edict. The lawsuit was settled in
October 2007; its terms gave the University of North Dakota permission to
continue using the nickname and logo if the school could get approval from the
Standing Rock and Spirit Lake tribes by November 2010.

Ron His Horse Is Thunder, the chairman of the Standing Rock Sioux tribe and a
fervent opponent of the nickname and logo, said the board would be making "a
huge statement, (and) taking a large step forward in race relations" by dropping
them.

Most of the Standing Rock Sioux tribal council is up for re-election this year,
and His Horse Is Thunder said he expects nickname and logo supporters to attempt
to field candidates.

In a referendum last month, residents of the Spirit Lake reservation voted more
than 2 to 1 to keep the nickname. However, the vote was not binding on the
tribal council, and His Horse Is Thunder said a similar referendum on the
Standing Rock reservation could not force the tribal council to endorse the
nickname.

American Indian backers of the nickname, who have been campaigning on the
reservations to garner support for it, asked the Board of Higher Education
before Thursday's vote to back the nickname and logo. Many residents of both
reservations take pride in "Fighting Sioux," they said.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2009 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              571 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             May 18, 2006 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

IMMIGRATION;
Bush's border strategy misfires on all fronts

BYLINE: JAY BOOKMAN

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 15A

LENGTH: 715 words


The president's decision to station as many as 6,000 National Guard soldiers
along the border with Mexico was a slapdash political maneuver, not a carefully
considered response to a long-standing problem.

It is also a gross misuse of the Guard and demeans the service of its citizen
members.

How slapdash was it? Well, Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld told Congress on
Wednesday that he doesn't know what specific duties the 6,000 National Guard
soldiers will perform because he hasn't heard what the Department of Homeland
Security needs yet.

If this operation had been well-planned, or planned at all, surely Rumsfeld
would have answers to that question already. Apparently, the White House idea
was to throw troops at the problem and figure out later how --- or even whether
--- they could be helpful.

That conclusion is bolstered by what happened to governors of the four main
border states --- California, Arizona, New Mexico and Texas. They weren't
consulted about their needs or how the National Guard might best be used in
their states. In fact, they didn't even learn about the program until they were
briefed on it just a few hours before it was announced by the president. Even
then they got almost no details.

Furthermore, the president's interest in border security is a relatively new
phenomenon. In his budget request for fiscal 2006, he asked for a grand total of
210 new Border Patrol agents. And when Homeland Security Secretary Michael
Chertoff was asked in an interview six months ago whether the Guard might be
useful in defending the border, he rejected the concept as unworkable.

"I think it would be a horribly overexpensive and very difficult way to manage
this problem," Chertoff told Bill O'Reilly.

The few details that have emerged so far confirm its makeshift quality. For
example, most of the 6,000 Guardsmen on duty at any one time would be rotated in
and out of border areas while serving their two-week annual training stint.
(They would also be forbidden from performing law enforcement duties or
arresting anyone, which is wise.)

However, that suggests a schedule in which troops spend two or three days of
their two-week Guard stint traveling to their assignment, and another couple of
days figuring out what they're supposed to be doing. That might leave them a few
days to do actual work before they have to pack up and start out for home again.

That is not going to solve the problem of a porous 2,000-mile border, or even
alter its dimensions in any serious way. But in the level of planning and
forethought involved, it is all too consistent with the Bush administration's
record of competence, from Iraq and Katrina to the energy crunch.

The tragedy is that in this most recent instance, Bush is applying his
half-baked approach to governance in pursuit of an otherwise admirable goal,
passage of a comprehensive immigration-reform package that would do far more to
secure our borders than 100,000 Guard troops on permanent sentry duty.

The biggest obstacle to that goal is Bush's fellow Republicans in the House, who
are insisting on a single-minded, punitive approach to a complex and
multifaceted problem. Their solution is to try to seal the border ---an
impossibility --- and criminalize those estimated 12 million immigrants already
here illegally, without seriously addressing what to do with those people.

The more comprehensive approach championed by Bush, most Democrats and a
substantial number of Republicans in the Senate would also tighten border
security and enforcement, while allowing some of those 12 million to remain in
this country legally and work toward full-fledged citizenship.

Bush hoped that his dramatic Guard announcement would placate House Republicans
enough that they might be willing to swallow his broader approach, but even as a
political ploy, the idea failed miserably.

"Thinly veiled attempts to promote amnesty cannot be tolerated," U.S. Rep. Tom
Price, a Georgia Republican, told the press afterward.

In fact, the conservative media machine was almost unanimous in its condemnation
of the plan. A still harsher critique will no doubt come this summer, from the
thousands of Guardsmen condemned to broil under a hot Arizona sun, accomplishing
nothing but to serve as props for a failed and desperate president.

jbookman@ajc.com

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              572 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               November 10, 1995, Friday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

ROBINSON'S VOTING HINGES ON WHO IS A FRIEND OR FOE

BYLINE: Vahe Gregorian Some information provided by wire services and writers

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 869 words

VAHE GREGORIAN COLLEGE FOOTBALL COLUMN


Perplexed, agonized fans who yank your hair out in clumps over your team's
standings in the polls, hear this: In an interview with freelance writer Curry
Kirkpatrick, Southern Cal coach John Robinson reveals the painstaking effort he
invests in his CNN/USA Today vote each week.

"I let my SID (sports information director) handle it," Robinson said. "We get
that baby over fast. I vote for my friends. I don't vote for the guys I hate.
Pretty simple, huh?"

Robinson's outrageous revelation, exaggerated or not, is yet another testament
to the inadequacy of the system. It displays contempt, a lack of conviction and
conscience and a club mentality that demeans any credibility that poll might
have.

And this is how national champions are derived?

"The whole setup is unfair," said Florida coach Steve Spurrier, whose
undefeated, third-ranked Gators were bypassed by Ohio State this week. "Until we
have a playoff with eight teams or 16 teams, whatever they decide, it will just
be voting and scheduling that decides the champion."

He added, "It's not the right way to do it, and it's not the fair way to do it
for all concerned."

Especially not if Robinson's approach is the rule.

Piping Hot: Northwestern tailback Darnell Autry is on the cover of Sports
Illustrated this week, but he has more important admirers.

"I'd drink molten lava for Darnell Autry," Northwestern tackle Brian Kardos said
after Autry's three touchdowns in the Wildcats' victory over Penn State last
week. "That kid is the hero of our whole offensive line."

How much momentum does upstart Northwestern have now?

"I understand the difference between driving a stick shift and driving an
automatic," said Northwestern coach Gary Barnett, a Parkway High and Mizzou
grad. "When you drive a stick shift, you've got to put in the clutch and do all
the shifting.

"When you drive an automatic, you just sort of point it in the right direction.
And, really, that's sort of what we've become here. All I want to do is get out
of the way."

Ventura Adventure: Georgia Tech safety Ryan Stewart worked on the set of "Ace
Ventura II" this summer. Part of the movie, which comes to St. Louis today, was
filmed in Charleston, S.C., near Stewart's home.

"It was really exciting," Stewart said. "I was just a driver, but at the same
time, I got to do other things. I worked with Tommy Davidson and talked with him
and 'Ace Ventura,' Jim Carrey.

"His whole personality is just like his movies. He's a funny guy. He'd walk up
behind you and spray you with a water gun. On the last day . . . he walked off
the stage and went into his camper, and when he came back, he had a bunch of
flour and was throwing it on everybody. So he's really a cool guy."

Deerhunter: On Sunday night, Kansas State coach Bill Snyder was driving outside
of Manhattan, Kan., when he slammed a deer.

"That must be exactly what it's like to hit a stone wall," said Snyder, who was
unhurt thanks to an airbag.

Snyder's car needed to be towed, and he hitched a ride back to town with two
K-State students who stopped a few minutes later. The deer was killed.

"It's a shame," he said. "It was a magnificent animal."

Then again . . .

"Better him than me."

Careful What You Wish For . . . On his questionnaire for this year's media
guide, Texas Longhorn Mike Adams wrote that First Lady Hillary Rodham Clinton
was the person whom "I'd like to be stranded on an island with."

Imagine his surprise when he recently received an envelope adorned with the
White House seal and the word "personal." The letter was indeed from Mrs.
Clinton, who told him that she wished Texas success since Arkansas left the
Southwest Conference for the Southeastern.

"I thought it was cool of her to take the time to do something like that," Adams
told The Dallas Morning News. "I know she's got a lot of other things to do."

No word on any upcoming island trysts.

Pooch Punts:

So how did Nebraska I-back Lawrence Phillips look upon his recent return to
practice? "Fat," quarterback Tommie Frazier said.

The Big 12, forming next year, will announce a decision on the viability and
site of a 1996 title game next week. St. Louis' Trans World Dome is considered a
front-runner.

Warrick Dunn needs 85 yards in Florida State's game at North Carolina to become
the first two-time 1,000-yard rusher in FSU history.

Teammates are calling UCLA running back Karim Abdul-Jabbar anything from the
"Energizer Bunny" to the "Meat-And-Potatoes Man." Abdul-Jabbar, formerly Sharman
Shah, prefers his own name: "Karim means 'most generous.' Jabbar . . . it's hard
to translate. It means 'compellor,' 'changer of hearts.' Abdul means I am
servant to both."

The Miami Hurricanes have won four in a row but still are losing fans.
Attendance for the past three home games at the Orange Bowl was a combined
80,549, an average of 26,850 per game.

The announced crowd of just over 5,000 at Veterans Stadium for last week's game
against Boston College was Temple's largest home crowd of the season. And
observers said that was exaggerated.

Texas Christian is 6-2, giving the school its first successive winning seasons
since the 1958 and 1959 teams each won eight games.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              573 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                           February 18, 1994, Friday

Letter: Prison officers denied the key to unlock an impossible system

BYLINE: Mr DAVID EVANS

SECTION: COMMENT PAGE; Page 17

LENGTH: 351 words


Sir: The anonymous probation officer who wrote about prison conditions (''No way
out for HM's inmates'', 15 February) demeans his or her article by making
inaccurate attacks on prison officers.

True, conditions in many prisons are offensive in the extreme, and true, too, is
the claim that the real needs of prisoners often go unaddressed. However, to
imply that prison officers are complicit and in some way culpable for conditions
in jails is nonsense.

Staff training, though poorly resourced and undervalued by some prison managers,
does encourage prison officers to forge constructive and meaningful
relationships with prisoners. The overwhelming impediment to such relationships
has little to do with staff training and everything to do with overcrowding and
grossly inadequate staffing levels. However, against all odds prison officers
all over the country, sometimes with and other times without managerial support,
dedicate themselves to making life a little more tolerable for prisoners.

Take, for example, the efforts of prison officers at Liverpool Prison, who
reorganised prison visiting systems to reduce visitor waiting times and extend
lengths of visits, and the brave prison officers at Manchester Prison who risked
their lives to rescue sex offenders from rioting prisoners in 1990.

Prison officers, through their union, have also resorted to limited forms of
industrial action to highlight squalid prison conditions and to reduce levels of
overcrowding. In many respects the Prison Officers' Association can be seen as
the only brake against rampant and unchallengeable levels of overcrowding. That
is why the Government's Criminal Justice and Public Order Bill seeks to extend
dramatically prison privatisation and to remove the right of prison officers to
take any form of industrial action.

If the Government is successful, then it will have gone some way to reducing the
influence of one of the most effective and vociferous campaigns for prison
reform.

Yours sincerely,

DAVID EVANS

General Secretary, Prison

Officers' Association

London, N9


LOAD-DATE: February 18, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1994 Independent Print Ltd


                              574 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            October 22, 2007 Monday
                                  All Editions

Racist mascots

SECTION: Pg. A8

LENGTH: 301 words


It's baseball playoff season, and around here that means Red Sox madness. The
hats, sweat shirts, bumper stickers, banners and gas station conversations let
us all know that when the Sox are this close to the World Series, Mainers see
red. Being a member of the Penobscot Nation, I am seeing red for a different
reason.

I am staunchly opposed to Native Americans being used as a sports mascots. This
demeans Native people, putting them on the same level as animals, and in
dominant society, this is a lower level than humans.  Mascots also display our
sacred religious items as trinkets with no value other than to win a game. They
perpetuate stereotypes and make it that much more difficult to be a Native
person in America.

In the world of Native Americans as sport mascots, this is the one that is
supposed to honor us the most: The Cleveland Indians were once called the
Cleveland Spiders before Louis Sockalexis played for them. After he joined, they
christened the team "Indians" in his "honor."  No matter the questionable
good-natured beginnings of this nickname, it has no place in a modern society,
and I as a Penobscot person am deeply offended by it, not honored.

The caricature has red skin, a huge nose and a goofy smile, and it's quite
laughable - Sockalexis looked nothing like this. The cameras zoom in on fans
sporting dollar store headdresses and war paint. How do I tell my daughter that
this is not who we are? She is only a baby, but will she see this one day and
question her Native identity?

Think about the world around us and the incredible injustices that still exist.
I will continue to fight for my people's human rights that are so deeply
violated by these heinous displays, and I will spread awareness and knowledge
about why they are so degrading.

Go Sox.

Maulian Dana

Penobscot Nation

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Bangor Daily News


                              575 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            January 19, 2007 Friday
                                  All Editions

Respect for Kansas State

SECTION: Pg. A10

LENGTH: 235 words


There is a commercial running on local radio promoting the University of Maine
at Augusta that seems to demean Kansas State University. The suggestion is that
K-State provides less than first-class learning experience in a desolate
environment (e.g. the dry, flat plains of western Kansas as depicted in the 1939
film "The Wizard of Oz").

As a proud graduate of K-State, I would like to set the record straight. K-State
is in the picturesque Flint Hills of eastern Kansas. The university sits on 315
acres. Its stature as an academic institution is reflected in the 250 total
majors, 65 majors at the graduate level (UMA has none), 45 of which provide
doctoral degrees.

K-State has had 14 Rhodes Scholars and 99 Fulbright award recipients since the
mid-20th century, and is ranked first nationally among state universities in its
total of Rhodes, Marshall, Truman, Goldwater and Udall awards since 1986.

The university is ranked seventh overall among America's elite, with Harvard and
Yale taking first and second, with Cornell and MIT finishing out ninth and 10th
respectively. Their current enrollment is 23,000 full-time students (compared to
5,722 adding both full- and part-time at UMA). Enrollees come from all 50 states
and 90 countries. According to the "K-Stater," the alumni magazine, 22 of their
graduates live in Maine, and I bet they are proud of their education, like me.

Cynthia Shields Whalen

Hampden

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Bangor Daily News


                              576 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           August 30, 2006, Wednesday

Neighbors' loyalties lead to backyard rivalry

BYLINE: Shelby Young

SECTION: METRO WEST PUTNAM; Pg. P1

LENGTH: 836 words


-young@cnpapers.com 348-4806

Prologue

If playwright William Shakespeare, the author of Romeo and Juliet, were telling
the story of two neighbors who were fans of opposing teams, he might have
written it like this...

Two households, both alike in dignity,

In fair Hurricane, where we lay our scene,

From in this state break to new rivalry,

Where gridiron trial makes football fans demean.

From forth the padded loins of college foes

Make pairs of star-cross'd neighbors, man and wife,

Mourn misdirected passes, overthrows,

Wave flags blue, gold, green, white in the strife

Twixt Thund'ring Herd and Mountaineers,

And the continuance of each side's zeal,

Which at the game's end leaves some in tears,

Trapped in two hours' traffic at the field;

The which if you with patient ears attend,

What fans shall miss, our tale shall strive to mend.

While Shakespeare didn't pen the proverb that "good fences make good neighbors,"
two Hurricane families understand that their fence, and their barns, too,
definitely make for good humor.

True colors

When West Virginia University and Marshall meet this weekend in the Friends of
Coal Bowl in Morgantown, the green and white will be easily distinguished in the
stands from the blue and gold.

The same is true where the back yard of Marty and Laura "Maesy" Creed meets the
one owned by their neighbors Gary and Dianne Criner along Marina Drive.

For while the Criners are vehement WVU supporters, the Creeds bleed green and
white.

It all began after the Criners painted their utility barn blue and gold about 15
years ago, Gary said.

WVU notwithstanding, blue and gold team colors come naturally to the Buffalo
High grad who's been a Mountaineer fan since childhood.

St. Albans High grad Dianne was also a WVU fan when she was a child.

Not long after they met, they discovered their mutual affection for the
Mountaineers.

"We were dating and when I found out he was a WVU fan, that sealed the thing,"
Dianne said, grinning.

When they bought their house, it only seemed natural for a couple who attends as
many games as possible in Morgantown and regularly makes treks to bowl games to
paint their barn blue with gold trim.

However, the innovation didn't sit well with everyone, Gary said.

"One woman just took one look at it and walked on by as quickly as she could,"
he said. "I think she thought that the neighborhood went downhill."

Friendly rivalry

When Ohio-born Marty married Putnam County native and Marshall grad Maesy, she
quickly converted him into a die-hard fan of the Thundering Herd, he said.

"The team colors were already familiar, since I went to Ohio University," he
added.

The couple are regular attendees at Marshall games and one of their prize
possessions is a framed poster with the signatures of Randy Moss, Chad
Pennington and Doug Chapman.

Needless to say, when it came time to apply paint to their own barn, it would be
a green and white design featuring a large "M."

They wore their Marshall regalia to have their photo made for this article.

On the other side of the yard line, the Criners were decked out in their Sugar
Bowl commemorative shirts while they cradled their favorite football,
autographed by WVU Head Coach Rich Rodriguez.

It's a friendly rivalry, both families agree.

Like the week when Gary erected a fence which runs between the backs of both
barns.

Marty went out to paint the side on his half green and white.

Gary responded by painting his half gold with a "flying WV" symbol.

That's understandable for a couple who said they made sure their first words
they ever taught each of their grandchildren were "Go Mountaineers!"

"The funny thing is that from our house we can't see the WVU half of the fence
and from theirs they can't see the Marshall half," Gary said.

Like all serious football fans, these neighbors have their own list of mental
highlights from previous seasons.

"My favorite moment was when we kicked Penn State's butt back in 1988," Gary
said.

Marty's most memorable Marshall victory was the MAC championship game in 1997,
when the Herd beat Toledo 34-14 on a snow-covered field.

"Those were the largest snowflakes I ever saw," Maesy remembered.

They all agree that both teams have experienced more than their share of
adversity over the years.

"In a small state like West Virginia it's really great that both teams have been
able to come so far," Marty said.

However, neighborliness goes only so far.

Marty and Maesy will watch the game at home, while the Criners will go to a club
with friends to watch the Mountaineers and the Herd tangle.

While Marty isn't overly optimistic, he retains some hope.

"It's too bad this game wasn't played a few years ago," he says. "Back when they
won the national championship."

A strange light seems to glow in his eyes - greenish - as he looks at the
Criners and grins.

"Yeah, Gary, just how many national championships have the Mountaineers won?" he
says.

In the late afternoon sunlight, Gary's eyes seem to have a gold tint to them as
he answers.

"Now just what NCAA division are you talking about? We've always played in the
big one."

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Charleston Newspapers


                              577 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Forward

                                 August 6, 2004

Hearts Ungovernable;
Who Speaks for the Jews? Who Listens? A Historical Mystery Untangled

BYLINE: J.J. Goldberg

SECTION: 350 Years; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 2993 words


One of the cherished moments in American Jewish memory is George Washington's
visit in August 1790 to Newport, R.I., where he met with local synagogue heads
and handed them a letter that is taken to be the founding charter of American
Jewish freedom.

"The Government of the United States," Washington wrote, "which gives to bigotry
no sanction, to persecution no assistance, requires only that they who live
under its protection should demean themselves as good citizens, in giving it on
all occasions their effectual support."

Washington's letter is rightly remembered as the most direct and authoritative
statement of his intention, unprecedented in history, to treat Jews as free and
equal citizens of the young republic. All but forgotten is the fact that the
Newport letter was one of three that he was forced to write that year to the
fractured Jewish community. As the year wore on, he displayed increasing
exasperation with the community's disorganization and plainly wished they could
learn to speak in one voice. He was the first of many who would come to feel
that way over the centuries.

The trouble started in the spring of 1789, as the nation's churches prepared
congratulatory messages to the first president. America's five synagogues - in
Newport; New York; Philadelphia; Charleston, S.C., and Savannah, Ga. - did not
want to be left out, but could not decide who would deliver their letter. The
honor belonged to Philadelphia, the capital, but the local congregation's
president, Manuel Josephson, an Ashkenazic Jew from Germany, was widely
considered unfit to speak for the mostly Sephardic community. The impasse
dragged on for months. Washington completed his first year in office. Finally,
in May 1790, the Jews of Savannah wrote their own letter, apologizing that the
Jews' "eccentric situation" prevented them from speaking up sooner.

Not to be outdone, the Jews of Newport composed a letter in August, saluting
Washington and the republic for giving "to bigotry no sanction, to persecution
no assistance" (Washington cribbed the best lines for his reply). Finally in
December, Josephson handed the president the national Jewish greeting.
Washington's reply, the briefest of his three replies, was taken up largely with
recounting the many congratulations already received.

Unable to unite, stumbling and blustering to an undignified end, then retelling
the tale endlessly as though it were a triumph: These have been the hallmarks of
our communal leadership since the dawn of the republic. American Jews have been
and remain an unruly, ungovernable lot, determined to live their lives as they
see fit with no outside authority - neither king, government nor rabbi - telling
them what to do.

And yet, from this unlikely stew the Jews of America eventually created the
freest, most powerful community in Diaspora history. Never was there a community
more willing and able to stand up for the rights of other Jews in other
countries - and more likely to get its way. Never was a community identified
more closely with a government that so shared the Jews' own ideals of freedom
and human dignity.

Washington's inauguration introduced another durable institution: the
professional Jew, in the person of Gershom Mendes Seixas, America's first
full-time Jewish leader. Breathless accounts at the time and since have
described "the Rabbi of the Jews" marching in Washington's inaugural parade and
offering a benediction at the swearing-in, one of three clergymen so honored.

But Seixas was not a rabbi. His official title was hazzan or cantor of the New
York synagogue, and his duties included leading services, circumcising babies,
preparing boys for bar mitzvah and slaughtering chickens. Born in America, he
had no formal rabbinic training. The tolerant republic, unconcerned with his
credentials, celebrated him as a Jewish sage. But to the Jews he was a Torah
reader and chicken man. And that was all the leader they wanted.

The Jews' first institutions were humble prayer houses. Occasional efforts were
made, following ancient custom, to enforce Jewish values - fining
Sabbath-breakers, for example. But discipline that worked in Europe was
meaningless in America, where the next frontier always beckoned. America always
had drawn the restless and unruly. There wasn't even a rabbi in residence until
1840, when Abraham Rice moved from Germany to Baltimore. He spent years
complaining in letters home about his congregants' apathy. He finally quit the
pulpit in disgust in 1849 and opened a dry-goods store.

The sort of leader best suited to American Jews was not a preacher, but a public
figure who used his celebrity to speak out for Jewish rights. The first of these
was Mordecai Manuel Noah, a Philadelphia Democratic party ward heeler whose
persistence won him a diplomatic posting in 1813 to Tunis. While there he
managed to free some American hostages by bargaining with their terrorist
kidnappers and paying a ransom. The transaction got him fired, but made him a
celebrity. Returning home, he was elected sheriff of New York and became a
playwright, journalist and society figure. In 1825 he announced plans to create
a Jewish state on an island in Niagara Falls. He staged a parade and
cornerstone-laying ceremony, decked out in rented Shakespearean robes as
"Governor and Judge in Israel." No one ever settled there, but Noah became fixed
in the minds of Americans - Jewish and gentile - as the voice of the Jewish
community.

Over the next century and a half, a string of leaders would arise from within
the community, each known for devotion, diplomacy, piety or all three. And yet,
by the end of the 20th century, the American Jewish leaders best known to the
world would again be the old-new breed, revered not for piety or learning but
for fame in finance, politics or media: Ed Koch, Mortimer Zuckerman, Edgar
Bronfman. Noah's sons would inherit the earth after the flood.

The generation of leaders who arose directly after Noah consisted of German
immigrants, part of a wave that began in 1815. The defeat of Napoleon at
Waterloo touched off an exodus of central European democrats, fleeing the
renewed tyranny of the monarchies. By 1840, the 2,500 Jews of Washington's day
had increased to 50,000. As old-timers scrambled to assist the immigrants,
Jewish institutions sprang up outside the synagogue for the first time. The
first was the Female Hebrew Benevolent Society of Philadelphia, founded in 1819
by Rebecca Gratz, a socialite said to have inspired the "Rebecca" of Sir Walter
Scott's "Ivanhoe." She later founded America's first Jewish Sunday school. In
1843 the first national Jewish organization, a fraternal lodge, was founded by a
dozen German immigrants who met in a New York saloon and called themselves the
Order of B'nai B'rith.

As the community burgeoned, a handful of immigrants won national prominence as
preachers. The best known was Isaac Leeser, a Philadelphia hazzan who acquired a
following with his speeches and articles in defense of Torah and Jewish rights,
featured in a monthly newsletter he launched in 1843.

Others emulated him, notably Isaac Mayer Wise, who came from Bavaria in 1846 and
eventually settled in Cincinnati, where took a pulpit and launched his own
newspaper. Unlike the traditionalist Leeser, Wise was a champion of the
fledgling Reform movement, and the two became rivals. Throughout the 1840s and
1850s, each tried to convene a national council to coordinate America's
synagogues and defend Jewish rights, as the Board of Deputies of British Jews
did in England.

They faced daunting hurdles. One was their incessant ideological and personal
rivalry. Another was widespread Jewish opposition to any public organization
that might arouse gentile suspicions of a Jewish conspiracy. Indeed, when the
British board launched a campaign in March 1840 to free a dozen Jews falsely
imprisoned in Syria, New York's synagogues squabbled for months over the
propriety of any public protest. A rally was finally staged in mid-August, after
the Syrians' freedom already was in the works.

But the greatest obstacle to Jewish organization was apathy. Most American Jews
simply did not care enough to be counted.

As America moved toward civil war, world events demanded a more credible Jewish
voice. State after state maintained petty limitations on Jews' rights, a growing
insult as Jewish numbers grew. In 1852 the State Department concluded a treaty
of mutual recognition with Switzerland in which each country promised full
protection to the other's citizens - except Jews, who were barred from several
Swiss cantons. Jews protested, but President Millard Fillmore was unmoved. Jews
were outraged but helpless.

Then in 1858, worldwide protests were organized over the fate of an Italian
Jewish child, Edgardo Mortara, who had been baptized by his nanny and then
snatched by the papal police to be raised for the priesthood. This time American
Jews rallied speedily and even won an audience with President James Buchanan.
But Buchanan refused to act, probably calculating that Catholic Democrats
outnumbered Jewish ones by a good 20-1.

A year after the Mortara humiliation, Leeser finally convened his national
Jewish council. Two dozen congregations met and formed the Board of Delegates of
American Israelites, modeled after the British board and devoted strictly to
Jewish civil rights. The board scored some quick successes, winning the right of
rabbis to serve as army chaplains and getting President Lincoln in 1863 to
overturn an antisemitic wartime edict by General Ulysses Grant.

Still, Wise wasn't giving up. In 1873 he convened his own union, bringing
together 34 congregations for a broad agenda including education and rabbinical
training. Grandly calling itself the Union of American Hebrew Congregations and
pledging to avoid denominational feuds, Wise's council quickly attracted a
majority of America's synagogues, both traditional and Reform. In 1878, the
Board of Delegates joined as the union's civil rights division.

Over time the board and the union would grow, morph and divide into the host of
familiar bodies dotting the Jewish landscape. Councils would form, usually in
response to events, and then split over some dispute. Then new events would
demand a new council to unite those factions, until it, too, split.

The most deeply transforming event in the life of American Jewry came in 1881,
with the assassination of Tsar Alexander II in Russia, home of the world's
largest Jewish community. A wave of brutal repression sent Jews fleeing for
America by the thousands, then millions.

The Jews who greeted the newcomers were an affluent, well-rooted community of
250,000 German immigrant peddlers turned merchants and bankers. Confronting a
human tidal wave, they acted with historic resolve. Local charities were
pressured to combine their fund-raising efforts, giving rise to a nationwide
network of Jewish welfare federations. Governments were lobbied to pressure
Russia. The leading Jewish banker of the day, Jacob Schiff, personally
underwrote a Japanese war bond issue in 1904, turning the tide of the
Russo-Japanese war.

In 1906 a group of businessmen met in New York to form a committee of influence
and fight for Jewish rights. B'nai B'rith, UAHC and other groups were invited to
send delegates. The American Jewish Committee quickly won recognition as the
authoritative voice of the community. President Theodore Roosevelt greeted it by
offering a Cabinet post to one its leading members, New York attorney Oscar
Straus. "I want to show Russia and some other countries what we think of Jews in
this country," Roosevelt wrote to Straus.

But the American Jewish Committee, too, soon lost its position of primacy. World
War I was ending, and the victors planned an international peace conference in
Paris where the fates of captive nations would be discussed. Colonized peoples
from India to South Africa created so-called Congress parties to speak for them
in Paris. Jews followed suit, hoping to win rights in Eastern Europe and
Palestine. In this country, an American Jewish Congress was elected at ballot
boxes set up in neighborhoods from coast to coast. To ensure unity, the
organizers of the congress, led by Justice Louis Brandeis and a young Zionist
activist named Rabbi Stephen S. Wise, pragmatically set seats aside in advance
for the heads of AJCommittee, UAHC, B'nai B'rith and their ilk. The congress
convened in 1920, chose a delegation to Paris and then disbanded. Two years
later it was "reconvened" by Wise, who saw it as a bully pulpit.

Wise's spellbinding oratory and passionate liberalism won him a mass following
in the immigrant ghettoes. The spread of Yiddish daily newspapers created a
media platform where his followers did battle with the older, more conservative
AJCommittee and B'nai B'rith. By the 1930s Wise was at the center of the Jewish
map. He was helped by the election to the White House of his friend and ally
Franklin Roosevelt, and by his own role in the fast-growing Zionist movement.

The Russian immigration had created an American Jewish community approaching 5
million on the eve of World War II. With traditional Jewish centers in Poland
and Russia silenced by Nazism and Communism, American Jews suddenly found
themselves standing uneasily at the heart of world Jewry. They were by default
the most powerful Jewish community in the world, and Stephen Wise was their
leader.

The postwar years were a time of mass mobilization. After fighting a war for
democracy, Jews and blacks were taking to the streets, eager to fight for laws
banning America's rampant racial - and religious - discrimination. Overseas, a
Jewish state was fighting to be born, while in Europe masses of desperate
Holocaust survivors languished in camps, homeless and barely surviving. The
challenges seemed endless.

Wise died in 1949 and left no successor. Other rabbis led AJCongress, but none
cast his shadow or filled his shoes. AJCongress, AJCommittee and the
increasingly feisty Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith all jostled for
position.

Looming over them, however, were two new powers with the clout to demand unity.

One was the power of the purse, wielded by the Jewish welfare federations. The
federations had been operating as a national force since the 1930s through a
coordinating agency, the Council of Jewish Federations. On the eve of World War
II the council forced two national campaigns for overseas relief - the Joint
Distribution Committee, helping Jews in Europe, and the United Palestine Appeal,
funding the Zionist effort - to join forces in a single United Jewish Appeal.
Now, as postwar domestic issues loomed, the same pressure was applied to the
civil-rights agencies.

Using the agencies' dependence on local donations, the federations pressured
them to join a National Jewish Community Relations Advisory Council. During the
1950s the council was expanded to include the main synagogue unions and
mass-membership groups like Hadassah. Led by NJCRAC, the agencies mobilized a
mass campaign, together with groups like the NAACP, to enact civil rights laws
and revoke immigration quotas. The triumph of those campaigns in the 1960s
helped forge the Jewish agencies' image as a lobby to be feared.

The other force for unity was the new Jewish state. Prodded by the State
Department, which was learning George Washington's lesson, Israeli Ambassador
Abba Eban encouraged the agencies to unite their pro-Israel efforts under a
single banner, and the Conference of Presidents of Major American Jewish
Organizations was formed in 1954. Five years later the conference took over a
small Zionist lobbying office in Washington, the American Israel Public Affairs
Committee.

Israel's six-day military victory in June 1967 was the last step in the
transformation. The Jewish agencies, already basking in their civil rights
triumphs of the mid-1960s, now shared the reflected glory of a mini-superpower.
Washington's growing preoccupation with Israel, both diplomatic and military,
thrust the agencies' staff and big donors into a new role as power brokers. The
campaign for Soviet Jewish freedom, particularly the passage by Congress in 1974
of the Jackson-Vanik amendment, making U.S.-Soviet trade relations dependent on
Moscow's treatment of Jews, cemented their superpower image.

Meanwhile, the civil-rights activists of the 1960s poured into politics, further
amplifying the community's clout. In a single election, the post-Watergate
contest of November 1974, the number of Jewish members of the House of
Representatives nearly doubled.

In the decades since, Israel's ever-growing need for political and financial
support has transformed the community's leadership. Major donors have taken on a
constantly increasing role in the agencies' decision-making, weakening the voice
of the grass roots to a whisper. The flow of Washington and world politics has
redrawn the Jewish political map, elevating security hardliners who could wheel
and deal with the Pentagon and the Kremlin. Liberals, still the great majority
of American Jews, have increasingly turned their energies elsewhere. By the late
1980s, community leaders were commenting that conservatives, though barely 15%
of the Jews, typically accounted for half the participants at public Jewish
gatherings.

Today the leadership of the Jewish community consists of forces swept aloft by
the post-1967 waves. The agencies continue to represent and manage. The big
donors increasingly act as independent players, apart from and above the
agencies they fund. A handful of strong-willed billionaires, with coteries of
politicians, media pundits and the occasional rabbi, stand at the pinnacle,
respected and feared from Washington to Paris to Jerusalem.

Together these players speak for the Jews and guide their institutional life.
But they hardly lead. The Jews do not follow them. American Jews continue as
always - perhaps more than ever - to follow their hearts, unruly and
ungovernable.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2004 The Forward Association, Incorporated
                              All Rights Reserved


                              578 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Philadelphia Inquirer

                   September 29, 2005 Thursday CITY-D EDITION

Sports in Brief / Fighting Sioux remain on banned list

BYLINE: Compiled By The Inquirer Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; BRIEF; Pg. D03

LENGTH: 623 words


The North Dakota Fighting Sioux will remain on the list of college nicknames the
NCAA does not want used in postseason play.

The university's appeal was rejected by an NCAA review committee because it did
not have the support of the three federally recognized Sioux tribes of North
Dakota, the association said yesterday.

University president Charles Kupchellasaid he would appeal the decision to the
NCAA's executive committee.

North Dakota was one of 18 schools barred last month from using American Indian
mascots, logos and nicknames in postseason tournaments.




The pink visitors' locker room in Iowa's stadium is making some people see red.

Several professors and students joined the call Tuesday for the athletic
department to do away with the pink showers, carpeting and lockers, a
decades-long Hawkeyes football tradition.

Critics say the use of pink demeans women, perpetuates offensive stereotypes
about women and homosexuality, and puts the university in the uncomfortable
position of tacitly supporting those messages.

Soccer

Eight 2004 Olympic gold medalists, including veterans Kristine Lillyand Kate
Markgraf, were chosen for the U.S. squad that will play Australia on Oct. 16 at
Titan Stadium on the campus of Cal State-Fullerton.




Raulscored his record 50th goal in the European Champions League to help
struggling Real Madrid beat visiting Olympiakos of Athens, 2-1.

Raul headed home David Beckham'scross in the ninth minute, moving past former
Real Madrid star Alfredo di Stefanoon the scoring list of Europe's top club
competition. Di Stefano retired in 1968.

Hockey

A group of NHL players filed a charge with the National Labor Relations Board,
alleging that acting union executive director Ted Saskinand president Trevor
Lindenaren't fairly representing all of the organization's members.

Trent Klatt, a former Flyer and a union executive committee member, said in a
statement the 28 players submitted the complaint at the agency's New York office
only after repeated attempts to meet with Saskin failed. The players include Ed
Belfourand Dominik Hasek.




Niklas Kronwallwill be out at least six weeks with a knee injury, leaving the
Detroit Red Wings without one of their top defensemen. Kronwall has damage to
two ligaments in his left knee, general manager Ken Hollandsaid.

Pro basketball

The Memphis Grizzlies signed undrafted rookie Kennedy Winston. The 6-foot-6,
230-pound guard averaged 16.2 points, 5.3 rebounds and 2.2 assists in three
seasons at Alabama.




Washington Wizards rookie Andray Blatchewalked under his own power as he visited
with teammates at the MCI Center, three days after being shot in an attempted
carjacking and one day after being released from the hospital.

The 19-year-old forward was shot once early Sunday morning while riding in a car
near his home in Alexandria, Va. The bullet hit him in the right forearm and on
the left side of his chest.

Noteworthy

The Wings signed defenseman Dan Finck, a member of the 2005 all-rookie team who
received two rookie-of-the-week awards during the National Lacrosse League
season. Per team policy, terms of the contract were not disclosed.




The Champ Car World Series called off its Grand Prix of Ansan, scheduled for
Oct. 16 in South Korea, a blow for a series struggling to regain its place in
the top echelon of racing.




Antonio Jardin, a junior guard at Neumann-Goretti High School, has made an oral
commitment to attend Syracuse in 2007, according to basketball coach John Mosco.
Jardin turned down Villanova to choose Syracuse, the coach said.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2005 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              579 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              May 15, 2009 Friday

UND to drop 'Fighting Sioux' Higher ed board votes 8-0

SECTION: NEWS/LOCAL

LENGTH: 931 words


N

DICKINSON - North Dakota's Board of Higher Education has agreed to drop the
University of North Dakota's Fighting Sioux nickname and Indian head logo, a
move intended to resolve a decades-long campus dispute about whether the name
demeans American Indians.

The name and logo, which is a profile of an American Indian man with feathers
and streaks of paint on his face, could still be saved if North Dakota's
Standing Rock and Spirit Lake Sioux tribes agree by Oct. 1 to give UND
permission to use them for at least 30 years.

However, tribal officials say that possibility is remote, and board members and
UND President Robert Kelley spoke of the logo and nickname in the past tense on
Thursday. Unless the name and logo receive tribal endorsement, they will be
retired for good on Aug. 1, 2010.

The board, which met Thursday at Dickinson State University, voted 8-0 to retire
the logo and nickname.

"This has been a long-standing tradition at UND, and I think the board action
now instructs the university to develop new traditions," Kelley said.

Said Richie Smith, the president of the Board of Higher Education: "The logo and
nickname have been symbols of pride for many generations, but it's time to go
forward."

Board member Grant Shaft, who is chairman of a committee that has been studying
the issue, said the move may help UND's likely application to join the Summit
League, an 11-member NCAA Division I conference that is seeking a 12th school.

North Dakota State University and South Dakota State University are already
Summit League members. The University of South Dakota is joining in July 2011.
The three schools and UND are all former members of the former North Central
Conference, a group of NCAA Division II schools.

Tom Douple, the Summit League's commissioner, has said the University of North
Dakota won't be considered for membership as long as the nickname and logo
dispute festered.

Shaft said Douple advised him that several schools are possibilities as a 12th
Summit League member, and said UND should apply as soon as possible if it is
interested in joining. Brian Faison, UND's athletics director, regards the
league as an excellent fit, Shaft said.

Shaft and Kelley were among a group of university system officials who met with
Douple last month at the league's suburban Chicago headquarters. Douple said
there was no guarantee UND would be admitted even if the nickname and logo issue
were resolved, Shaft said.

Douple's statements made a settlement of the nickname dispute more urgent, Shaft
told board members. The NCAA, in a lawsuit settlement with UND about continued
use of the name and logo, had given North Dakota officials until Nov. 30, 2010,
to decide whether to keep it.

Shaft said UND supporters of the nickname and logo may be partly mollified when
they realize a quick resolution of the dispute was needed for UND to have a
chance at joining the Summit League, the Big Sky Conference or another Division
I league.

"I do think that the bulk of the name and logo supporters understand that league
affiliation is a trumping issue," Shaft said. "Most of the supporters agree that
that is an issue that had to be addressed."

The board's action does not suggest any blueprint for UND to follow in choosing
a new nickname and logo. Kelley said a transition team will be appointed to
oversee the process.

"What this permits the University of North Dakota to do is to start a marketing
initiative," Kelley said. "Over time, I think we would see enhancement of our
revenue structure for athletic programs. I think we would see the enhancement of
fan interest."

UND sports teams have been known as the Fighting Sioux since 1930, when the
moniker replaced Flickertails.

Arguments against the nickname's racial origins have flared regularly for
decades. Its supporters say the name is intended to honor North Dakota's Sioux
tribes, while critics say it is demeaning and fosters racial tension on the
university's campus in Grand Forks, in northeastern North Dakota.

The debate came to a head in September 2005, when the NCAA declared Fighting
Sioux as "hostile and abusive" to American Indians and said UND would be barred
from hosting NCAA postseason tournaments if the school continued using it.

The Board of Higher Education then sued the NCAA, arguing the organization had
not followed its own rules in issuing its edict. The lawsuit was settled in
October 2007; its terms gave the University of North Dakota permission to
continue using the nickname and logo if the school could get approval from the
Standing Rock and Spirit Lake tribes by November 2010.

Ron His Horse Is Thunder, the chairman of the Standing Rock Sioux tribe and a
fervent opponent of the nickname and logo, said the board would be making "a
huge statement, (and) taking a large step forward in race relations" by dropping
them.

Most of the Standing Rock Sioux tribal council is up for re-election this year,
and His Horse Is Thunder said he expects nickname and logo supporters to attempt
to field candidates.

In a referendum last month, residents of the Spirit Lake reservation voted more
than 2 to 1 to keep the nickname. However, the vote was not binding on the
tribal council, and His Horse Is Thunder said a similar referendum on the
Standing Rock reservation could not force the tribal council to endorse the
nickname.

American Indian backers of the nickname, who have been campaigning on the
reservations to garner support for it, asked the Board of Higher Education
before Thursday's vote to back the nickname and logo. Many residents of both
reservations take pride in "Fighting Sioux," they said.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2009 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              580 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 04, 1998, Saturday, Final Edition

White: No Harm Meant

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B02; FANFARE

LENGTH: 229 words


Reggie White said Thursday he may have used inappropriate examples of racial
differences in remarks to Wisconsin lawmakers during a speech that also
criticized homosexuality.

White faxed a statement to the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel in which he said he
didn't intend to slight anyone in his March 25 address to the State Assembly.

"First, I made a point that our society is fortunate to be comprised of
different races and cultures. I must admit that my examples may have been
somewhat clumsy and inappropriate on how the races differ, but my intent was not
to demean anyone," White said in the statement that was published in yesterday's
editions.

"If I did, I humbly ask for your forgiveness," he said.

"I did conclude the point by stressing that it takes all of our combined
characteristics and qualities to reflect the full image of God."

During his speech last week, White said each race had different gifts. Asians
are so inventive, for instance, that "they can turn a television into a watch,"
he said.

White also condemned homosexuality as a sin and a personal choice. His letter
says: "I must stress that I in no way intended for my comments to personally
hurt anyone, and for that, I apologize. But I do not apologize for standing on
God's word when it comes to sin in my life and others. My attitude is to hate
the sin and love the sinner."

LOAD-DATE: April 04, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              581 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             August 10, 2015 Monday
                              MON REGIONAL Edition

Talent, humidity different for Bobo

BYLINE: Terry Frei

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 632 words


FORT COLLINS

As did Jim McElwain, Colorado State coach Mike Bobo came to Fort Collins after
serving as an offensive coordinator at a Southeastern Conference program.

The difference is that McElwain was a well traveled coaching journeyman who,
before working at Alabama, was an assistant in the Big Sky Conference for 15
years, as well as at Louisville, Fresno State, Michigan State and even for one
season with the Oakland Raiders.

With the exception of a season at Jacksonville State in Alabama as he broke into
coaching in 2000, Bobo had been at Georgia since arriving on the campus in
Athens as a freshman. He played, coached, climbed up the staff, married, started
a family and became a hot coaching prospect all while in the Bulldog program.

As Bobo oversees his first preseason practices as a head coach after opening
drills at CSU on Friday, it's intriguing that this is the first time he has been
working with non SEC talent since that single season at Jacksonville State.

So on Saturday, I asked if he has had to adjust his talent evaluation standards.
That in no way was meant to demean CSU or the Mountain West. The SEC is the pre
eminent football conference in the country, generally considered the best of the
power five leagues, right?

When I took a couple of swings at asking McElwain similar questions about the
transition from Alabama to CSU during his three seasons in Fort Collins, he
spoke at length, but detoured. I understood it and wasn't offended, but on
Saturday, Bobo gave it a more sincere try.

"I'd really have to see when we get in and start playing the teams," Bobo said.
"I think everything's going to be relative to the competition that you're
playing. There's fast guys in the SEC, there's big defensive linemen, but
they're recruited big guys here."

He noted that his staff "beefed up the defensive line" in recruiting, both from
the high school and junior college ranks.

"We have some bodies that I'm used to seeing on the defensive side," Bobo added.
"It's kind of hard when you're looking at film to tell, and when you're reading
the media guide and everybody lies sometimes about their heights and weights.
When we get into the season, I think that will be a better question for me.

"But as far as our team, we've got size in places, (players) that are big like
in the SEC. The depth, the overall depth, is probably a little greater where I
came from."

Bobo retained three assistants from the McElwain staff, including Marty English,
now the linebackers coach who has spent his 25 year career at his alma mater,
Northern Colorado, plus Wyoming and CSU. That's valuable knowledge on several
fronts, including recruiting and networking, but it's also important that
English has a feel for the realities of the Mountain West.

The other holdovers, Alvis Whitted (wide receivers) and Jeff Hammerschmidt
(special teams, tight ends), arrived in the league with McElwain. Also, holdover
director of football operations Tom Ehlers has been with the program as a coach
or administrator since 1989.

At some point, and this probably has happened already, Bobo will have to remind
himself that he's not still in the SEC and that this isn't Athens.

Not that those necessarily are bad things.

After the first no pads practice Friday, Bobo said: "If I was in Athens, I'd
probably be fully sweating and my script would be soaking wet. I think it's all
relative to the climate you're in. It was definitely hot here and with the
altitude we're in, they were a little bit short of breath. But we pushed 'em.
... We want them to know what it feels like in the fourth quarter when you're
tired and realize, hey, you can go a little big harder at the end.

"We're getting there, not where I want to be, but it was better."

Yes, it's all relative.

Terry Frei: tfrei@denverpost.com or twitter.com/TFrei

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              582 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             May 14, 2014 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

Fun with Dick and Lynne: The Cheneys team up to sell her new book on James
Madison

BYLINE: Roxanne Roberts

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 979 words


The question sounded innocuous enough: Did James Madison have an undue influence
on George Washington?

"You find that more than once in the early republic," biographer Lynne Cheney
began, as her husband looked on. "The idea that someone is manipulating the
president - the president's really a good guy, but there's this evil genius -"

The crowd broke into knowing laughter and then applause. One guy near the front
playfully shouted to the couple on stage, "Aren't you glad you came?"

Lynne smiled and continued: "- that's manipulating him. It's such a good
political tactic, if you think about it, because you demean the person who's the
evil genius and you make the president look weak. So it wasn't something dreamed
up in modern times - it's been going on for quite a while."

In one fell swoop, a deft twofer: defending Madison  and  her husband of almost
50 years.

The Dick and Lynne road show began with a standing ovation Monday evening from
the audience at the American Enterprise Institute. The crowd, which included
dozens of young conservatives and former Cheney staffers Scooter Libby and David
Addington, would have been happy with either half of the Republican power
couple. So they were delighted to watch the former vice president interview his
wife about her latest biography, "James Madison: A Life Reconsidered."

It's unlikely that a new book about Madison would attract crowds if Cheney's
name weren't on the cover or a different moderator were selected to tease out
the best stories about the Founding Fathers. But the two - scheduled to appear
together at several book signings, including at the Nixon and Reagan
presidential libraries, next week - are a publicist's dream team.

"We did this for my first book, my memoir, when it came out three years ago,"
Dick explained to a reporter. "It's a lot more fun for the two of us; the
audience gets more involved." Lynne, he said, was always the top student in her
class, graduated a semester early, earned a PhD; he got sidetracked by politics.
"She's a very, very serious intellectual."

This is how their relationship works: "When I write my books, she is sort of an
in-house editor. When she writes her books, I get to read it when she's
finished."

On stage, the couple- he's 73, she's 72 - have that easy, playful banter that
comes from decades of marriage. They met in Casper, Wyo., after his father
decided to settle there instead of Great Falls, Mont. "If he had picked Montana,
I would have never met Lynne, she would have married someone else, and  he
would have been vice president," Dick told the audience. Instead, they became
high school sweethearts and married on Aug. 29, 1964.

It was, to hear them tell it, a good match. She gave him lots of personal advice
and steered clear of the political. "I don't think I ever offered an opinion
about Iraq," she said. But they shared a common interest in politics and public
affairs. From early in their marriage, he would come home and she would want to
know everything about his day. "There were times when I sought her advice on
certain subjects," he said, without elaborating.

"It was a way for me to stay plugged in with your life," she added. "I think it
was a generous thing to do and a hard thing to do. Politics can be pretty
isolating for the spouse and I think you did a really nice job." The only time
she was hesitant about his political career was when George W. Bush offered him
the spot as his running mate. "She was not enthusiastic," Dick remembered.

There was very little mention of politics (except for a brief story about Dick's
support of D.C. gun rights) and not a word about the drama that rocked the
family last year when daughters Liz and Mary Cheney publicly battled over
same-sex marriage during Liz's abbreviated Senate bid.

Instead, they stuck to Madison, a historical figure who Lynne believes has been
misrepresented and underappreciated. She began researching six years ago,
fascinated by his role in framing the Constitution and the Bill of Rights. And
she was drawn to the epilepsy-like seizures Madison suffered throughout his
political life - a struggle that paralleled her husband's five heart attacks and
his heart transplant two years ago.

The fourth president, she argued, has been ignored by historians or tackled
after the more glamorous Founding Fathers. "When they did get to him, they
talked about what a shy and sickly fellow he was," she said. "So you couldn't
imagine how he could have done the grand things that he did - the primary author
of the Constitution, the primary author of the Bill of Rights, the first
presidency to take the nation to war under the Constitution - and those are just
the highlights."

There was a brief mention of Dolley Madison - beautiful, confident, a great
hostess. The marriage was a love story; "Dolley was, however, also a political
asset."

Whether the Cheneys will be remembered as a modern-day power couple is up to
historians - but there won't be much about their personal life to chew on: The
couple exchanged letters during college "but we burned those," Lynne told the
crowd.

The book has received generous reviews, including this from the New York Times:
"She clearly brings to life the character and personality of Madison. Apart from
Ralph Louis Ketcham's 1971 life, this is probably the best single-volume
biography of Madison that we now have."

The lines for signed copies snaked around the room; many fans bought multiple
copies to give as gifts. Dick stood to the side, signing autographs and chatting
with admirers. "You are my ideological hero!" blurted one nervous 20-something.

All things considered, a good book signing.

"Having Dick with me is just wonderful," Lynne said. "He's good company on the
plane, walking through airports, and good company at events. I think a good
marriage usually involves people who are good friends."

roxanne.roberts@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              583 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            December 22, 2008 Monday

Valley Times Dec. 22 letters to the editor

BYLINE: Letters from our readers

SECTION: LETTERS; Opinion

LENGTH: 888 words


The vote by the Contra Costa County Supervisors to not join the lawsuit against
Proposition 8 was a disappointment. Supervisor Mary Piepho stated that her
personal moral convictions determined her vote.

I respect her values and understand the issue of gay marriage is complex. But
her decision was self-referencial and ignored not only the express will of her
constituents but more importantly the over-arcing issue of protecting the equal
rights of citizens under the Constitution.

It dismissed the core values of justice and equality upon which our country is
based, values that unlike personal religious choices and convictions are
universal and shared by all Americans, and applicable to all Americans,

There is no righteousness or superiority in a morality that acts to diminish or
demean others. When the issue of homosexual marriage comes up again   and it
inevitably will until justice is served   I hope that along with her private
moral beliefs Piepho will also consider the human rights guaranteed to all
citizens by our Constitution and struggle to find in her mind and her heart a
way of embracing both as true and real.

That embrace is truly what American is all about.

Anton Von Haag

Alamo

Budget failure

The governor and California Legislature keep spending money when we have none.

Their solution:


     ·    A $5 bridge toll?



     ·    Needed road repair jobs terminated because we are out of money?


Your newspaper said 52 percent of California students to get free lunches. Wow.
Why are those programs not cut immediately   and others like it? We cannot
afford it!

Yet the governor and Legislature want to shut down road repairs and those jobs
and others that produce income for California instead.

So we have more on unemployment? California is bankrupt thanks to this kind of
thinking.

Those in charge of our government are incompetent or we would not be in this
mess.

Only a few in the Legislature fight this craziness.

We need to cut spending   not increase taxes (bridge toll increases are tax
increases   it hurts us all; the working poor the most).

Our governor and Sacramento politicians have failed us and continue to do so,
taxing us by raising fees on everything from needed services to our phones and
utilities (again hurting us all   but the poor the most).

Pat Ferguson

Pleasanton

Butler column

Steve Butler's column reflected how out of touch he is with average Americans.
He is an advocate for $4 gasoline and suggests we add a $2 tax. He states "The
best thing about this tax is that it would be largely voluntary." Really? How
about truckers who haul freight, which is often food. What about people who are
on tight budgets, but must get to work? There are sales people who are required
to fill up a tank three times per week. This is how they work to pay taxes for
Social Security payments that end up in his pocket. Most of us will probably
never see the payments he takes for granted. He comments, "the bail out will
begin to impact the quality of life for retirees." At some point retirees may
not get "cheaper green fees."

I suspect Butler lives in a very affluent area as retirees are already affected
by the bail out and, sadly, it means they fear being homeless and going hungry.
No one would be served by an additional $2 gas tax.

Several weeks ago Butler wrote a column on retirement plans for firefighters.
This column had virtually no "facts" that were correct. He mixed up the Public
Employees Retirement System (PERS) with Vallejo's bankruptcy. He indicated that
PERS retirement payments came from state funds. That is wrong. I really like my
newspaper and I like being challenged by different points of view, but Butler is
completely out of touch and factually in error very often.

I think the Times would be better served by a rotating columnist that, I am
sure, would write for free. With all the good financial people in this area, why
do we give space to someone who is so self-serving? (He has an investment
business).

Mary Fadhl

Danville

Did you know?

When President Bush was in Iraq last week, he was received with full honors at
the Presidential Palace, as the Iraqi band played the national anthem of the
United States of America.

He was received by a democratically elected prime minister, and a democratically
elected presidency council. He was received by a democratic Iraqi government; an
avowed friend of the United States. In addition, democratic provincial elections
will be held in Iraq at the end of January 2009.

This is history in the making.

Mainstream media, however, chose to focus on an Iraqi reporter who threw his
shoes at our president. They fail to mention that the reporter, with freedom of
speech and freedom of the press, was allowed in the room to ask harsh questions
of the Iraqi prime minister and the American president, without fear for his
life.

If the Iraqi reporter is tried for his assault on President Bush, he will have a
lawyer and the rule of law at his side.

Media emphasis matters. What the media chooses to report and what they choose to
ignore or de-emphasize determines what the average viewer or reader knows about
events.

News of a shoe being hurled at our president by a journalist in Iraq is quite
melodramatic and might sell papers, but the real news is the growth and spread
of democracy in Iraq.

Look beyond the headlines if you want to know the whole story.

Sandy Gregory

San Ramon

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              584 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           November 5, 2016 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Clinton, Trump target two different Americas in final push

BYLINE:  By JILL COLVIN and KATHLEEN HENNESSEY Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 521 words


ATKINSON, N. H. - Hillary Clinton sped across battleground states Friday trying
to energize minority and female supporters and seal a historic presidential
victory, while Donald Trump traveled to small-town America to fire up the white,
working-class voters he insists will bring the crown to his outsider campaign.

Clinton and Democratic allies used star power and stark warnings as they
addressed her base of African-American, Hispanic and female voters. She was
campaigning in urban centers of Detroit, Pittsburgh and Cleveland while
President Barack Obama made her case in Charlotte, N.C. - all cities where
minority voters are crucial.

In Pittsburgh, a city in which one in three people is not white, Clinton
hammered Trump as "someone who demeans women, mocks people with disabilities,
insults African-Americans and Latinos and demonizes immigrants and Muslims."

"Everywhere he goes he leaves people behind," Clinton told rowdy supporters. She
is hoping to be elected Tuesday as the nation's first female president.

Trump, meanwhile, was on a tour of rural areas, hoping to boost turnout among
the voters drawn to his promise to bring back a lost America. He started his day
in Atkinson, N.H., population 6,800 and almost 98 percent white, according to
the U.S. Census Bureau. From there, he was bound for Wilmington, Ohio, another
overwhelmingly white town where just 13 percent of residents have a college
degree.

Speaking more than 2,000 miles from the Mexican border, Trump drew loud cheers
in Atkinson when he vowed to build a massive wall between the U.S. and Mexico.
The crowd booed when he contended that Clinton supports "open borders."

"Her plans would mean generations of terrorism, extremism and radicalism
spreading into your schools and through your communities," Trump declared.

In spite of a close race in national polling, Trump's path to victory remains
narrow. His campaign is increasingly looking to make up for losses among
suburban voters, particularly women, by rustling up new voters in out-of-the-way
places.

The candidates' divergent paths highlighted the yawning gaps between race, place
and economics that drive presidential policies.

Trump told his largely white audience in Atkinson that "we have to rebuild our
country."

"They've shipped our jobs and they've shipped our wealth to other countries," he
said. "To all Americans, I say it is time for new leadership."

Trump's dark views on the economy clashed with a new jobs report showing that
the unemployment rate declined to 4.9 percent while wages went up in October.
The report marks 73 straight months of job growth.

But the Republican said the numbers weren't good enough, and he cast doubt on
whether they were accurate.

Clinton called the jobs report "good news."

"I believe that our economy is poised to really take off and thrive," she said.
"When the middle class thrives, America thrives."

Meanwhile, Obama halted an afternoon speech in Fayetteville, N.C., to defend a
pro-Trump protester who was chanting the Republican nominee's name.

The Democratic president told the crowd to "sit down and be quiet." He defended
the man's right to free speech.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Supporters hold signs at a campaign rally for Democratic presidential
candidate Hillary Clinton in Detroit, Friday, Nov. 4, 2016. (AP Photo/Paul
Sancya)  Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, left, accompanied by
retired Pittsburgh Steelers Mel Blount, right, takes the stage at a rally at
Heinz Field in Pittsburgh, Friday, Nov. 4, 2016. (AP Photo/Andrew Harnik)
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump acknowledges supporters during a
campaign rally Friday, Nov. 4, 2016, in Atkinson, N.H. (AP Photo/Jim Cole)
President Barack Obama greets supporters at Fayetteville State University,
Friday, Nov. 4, 2016 in Fayetteville, N.C., during a campaign rally for
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez
Monsivais)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              585 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday
                                 ONLINE EDITION

Letters to the editor, Sept. 16

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 1043 words


Three days is not too long

for life-or-death decision

The Post-Dispatch in "Women can wait" (Sept. 12) declares that supporters of the
three-day waiting period before an abortion can be performed clearly mean "to
shame and demean women into changing their minds."

Abortion is legal, just like slavery was once legal. How can it be shameful to
exercise a constitutional right? To have shame, one must think you did something
wrong and have regrets. The Supreme Court justices in Roe v. Wade removed any
shame from abortion in 1973, didn't they?

And, even though Time/Life publications used to sell a book titled "The Moment
Life Begins" with a photo of a fertilized egg on the cover, for 41 years we have
lived under the space-age law that life, including human rights, begins once
separation from the mother ship has taken place. How demeaning is it to
encourage women to obtain the information provided by an ultrasound?

An excited buyer has three days in Missouri to decide if he really wants to buy
a vacation time-share. Three days seems not too much to ask of a woman, and
hopefully a man, in making a life-or-death decision for an unborn child.

Craig Niehaus o Glendale

Hancock Amendment

hamstrings small cities'

governments

The controversy over how much money the small cities of St. Louis County raise
from municipal fines and court fees has so far ignored one root cause:
Missouri's Hancock Amendment. The Hancock Amendment makes it difficult for city
governments to raise the money needed to fund services by requiring cities to
call for an election for almost every tax increase. That means cities resort to
using court fines and fees to raise revenue.

As the Arch City Defenders study shows, the burden falls mainly on those least
able to afford a lawyer or those who skip court dates when they lack the money
to pay their fines.

That isn't the only way the Hancock Amendment shifts the tax burden to those
least able to afford it. When a city needs to raise taxes, it is more likely to
call an election to raise sales tax than property tax. Cities can sell sales
taxes to voters by telling them that outsiders who shop in the city will pay the
tax. But those who cannot afford to save money will pay a larger portion of
their income than those who can afford to save and invest.

The repeal of the Hancock Amendment is long overdue.

Benjamin Israel o University City

Normandy administration

looks committed to solving

behavior problems

Regarding " 'It's really rough' " (Sept. 12):

Congratulations to Normandy for finally doing what should have been done 30
years ago. If the administration we had in the '80s and '90s had taken this
action, Normandy might not be in its current condition.

Some things never change, though: long, useless meetings; brainstorming;
workshops; buzzwords; and when all else fails, blame the teachers. But it sure
makes the administration look like it's really doing something.

I sincerely hope things improve for Normandy. It's a shame it's taken so long to
get an administrator with a backbone and the commitment to solve the main
problem at Normandy, and thank you, Post-Dispatch, for telling the public what's
been going on for so long.

James W. Grace o Waterloo

Make a difference

through elections

To all citizens who do not like the makeup of their city council, be it Ferguson
or another area: (1) Vote for the person you want to represent you, or (2) run
for the office yourself.

Gracia Myers o Florissant

Divert some of Goodell's salary to help abuse victims

Given the rash of violent abuse orchestrated by a few NFL players on their
wives, girlfriends and now children, Commissioner Roger Goodell should set up a
designated fund, like the league did for brain/concussion injuries, to
financially help those victims dependent financially on their abusers, so they
would be free to leave their violent, tainted relationships.

This fund would be maintained each year by diverting a few million dollars of
Mr. Goodell's exorbitant annual salary. It would be an excellent PR move on Mr.
Goodell's part, taking some of the heat off his poor mishandling of not only the
Ray Rice incident, but the 700 other NFL player arrests since 2001.

Jerry Goerger o St. Louis County

We have passed down a tradition of disrespecting each other

The thought of NFL player Adrian Peterson "whipping" his son makes us sad. This
practice is a regrettable part of American history, but corporal punishment is a
legal act of discipline in many states.

We are descendants of African slaves and European slave owners, so unfortunately
the whipping is a legacy that precedes us. Unfortunately, our grandparents,
parents, many of us and our children have been disciplined in this way at least
one time by a family member in an effort to bring about conformity.

What we are forgetting from the ritual that was passed down from our forefathers
is that slaves were not considered human beings but animals. The whip was how
man made animals conform. So today we need to ask ourselves: Are human beings
not worth so much more than that? We have passed down a tradition of
disrespecting each other as people.

I hope we find new ways to emphasize positives to our children, demonstrate
respectful behavior toward one another and elevate community pride.

J. Michele Brown o St. Louis County

Government regulations are

a reaction to business greed

Bill Sheridan's letter ("The wealthy, businesses are forced to seek favors from
power-hungry government," Sept. 14) claims that first came government
regulations, then came businesses trying to "seek immunity" from them, because
of "hate-filled threats against wealth and success." He needs to look back to
the time of the Industrial Revolution, when workers were toiling 7 days a week,
long hours each day for meager wages and no benefits, when we had child labor,
and to the Great Depression, all of which were caused by business greed.

The result was regulations to help equalize the situation: the Fair Labor
Standards Act, the NLRB, Social Security and laws regulating Wall Street, among
others. The "war against the wealthy and business ... and what they own" is
merely a reaction to the war of exploitation that businesses and the wealthy
have been prosecuting against the common man for a very long time.

Kenneth Ciszewski o Overland

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  FILE - in this March 26, 2014, file photo, NFL Commissioner Roger
Goodell answers questions during a news conference in Orlando, Fla. Goodell says
the league asked for, but was not given, a just-released video showing former
Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice hitting his then-fiancee on an elevator.
Goodell says during an interview with CBS aired Tuesday, Sept. 9, 2014: "We
assumed that there was a video. We asked for video. But we were never granted
that opportunity." (AP Photo/John Raoux, File)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              586 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday
                                 ONLINE EDITION

Letters to the editor, Sept. 16

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 1044 words


Three days is not too long for life-or-death decision

The Post-Dispatch in "Women can wait" (Sept. 12) declares that supporters of the
three-day waiting period before an abortion can be performed clearly mean "to
shame and demean women into changing their minds."

Abortion is legal, just like slavery was once legal. How can it be shameful to
exercise a constitutional right? To have shame, one must think you did something
wrong and have regrets. The Supreme Court justices in Roe v. Wade removed any
shame from abortion in 1973, didn't they?

And, even though Time/Life publications used to sell a book titled "The Moment
Life Begins" with a photo of a fertilized egg on the cover, for 41 years we have
lived under the space-age law that life, including human rights, begins once
separation from the mother ship has taken place. How demeaning is it to
encourage women to obtain the information provided by an ultrasound?

An excited buyer has three days in Missouri to decide if he really wants to buy
a vacation time-share. Three days seems not too much to ask of a woman, and
hopefully a man, in making a life-or-death decision for an unborn child.

Craig Niehaus o Glendale

Hancock Amendment hamstrings small cities' governments

The controversy over how much money the small cities of St. Louis County raise
from municipal fines and court fees has so far ignored one root cause:
Missouri's Hancock Amendment. The Hancock Amendment makes it difficult for city
governments to raise the money needed to fund services by requiring cities to
call for an election for almost every tax increase. That means cities resort to
using court fines and fees to raise revenue.

As the Arch City Defenders study shows, the burden falls mainly on those least
able to afford a lawyer or those who skip court dates when they lack the money
to pay their fines.

That isn't the only way the Hancock Amendment shifts the tax burden to those
least able to afford it. When a city needs to raise taxes, it is more likely to
call an election to raise sales tax than property tax. Cities can sell sales
taxes to voters by telling them that outsiders who shop in the city will pay the
tax. But those who cannot afford to save money will pay a larger portion of
their income than those who can afford to save and invest.

The repeal of the Hancock Amendment is long overdue.

Benjamin Israel o University City

Normandy administration looks committed to solving behavior problems

Regarding " 'It's really rough' " (Sept. 12):

Congratulations to Normandy for finally doing what should have been done 30
years ago. If the administration we had in the '80s and '90s had taken this
action, Normandy might not be in its current condition.

Some things never change, though: long, useless meetings; brainstorming;
workshops; buzzwords; and when all else fails, blame the teachers. But it sure
makes the administration look like it's really doing something.

I sincerely hope things improve for Normandy. It's a shame it's taken so long to
get an administrator with a backbone and the commitment to solve the main
problem at Normandy, and thank you, Post-Dispatch, for telling the public what's
been going on for so long.

James W. Grace o Waterloo

Make a difference through elections

To all citizens who do not like the makeup of their city council, be it Ferguson
or another area: (1) Vote for the person you want to represent you, or (2) run
for the office yourself.

Gracia Myers o Florissant

Divert some of Goodell's salary to help abuse victims

Given the rash of violent abuse orchestrated by a few NFL players on their
wives, girlfriends and now children, Commissioner Roger Goodell should set up a
designated fund, like the league did for brain/concussion injuries, to
financially help those victims dependent financially on their abusers, so they
would be free to leave their violent, tainted relationships.

This fund would be maintained each year by diverting a few million dollars of
Mr. Goodell's exorbitant annual salary. It would be an excellent PR move on Mr.
Goodell's part, taking some of the heat off his poor mishandling of not only the
Ray Rice incident, but the 700 other NFL player arrests since 2001.

Jerry Goerger o St. Louis County

We have passed down a tradition of disrespecting each other

The thought of NFL player Adrian Peterson "whipping" his son makes us sad. This
practice is a regrettable part of American history, but corporal punishment is a
legal act of discipline in many states.

We are descendants of African slaves and European slave owners, so unfortunately
the whipping is a legacy that precedes us. Unfortunately, our grandparents,
parents, many of us and our children have been disciplined in this way at least
one time by a family member in an effort to bring about conformity.

What we are forgetting from the ritual that was passed down from our forefathers
is that slaves were not considered human beings but animals. The whip was how
man made animals conform. So today we need to ask ourselves: Are human beings
not worth so much more than that? We have passed down a tradition of
disrespecting each other as people.

I hope we find new ways to emphasize positives to our children, demonstrate
respectful behavior toward one another and elevate community pride.

J. Michele Brown o St. Louis County

Government regulations are a reaction to business greed

Bill Sheridan's letter ("The wealthy, businesses are forced to seek favors from
power-hungry government," Sept. 14) claims that first came government
regulations, then came businesses trying to "seek immunity" from them, because
of "hate-filled threats against wealth and success." He needs to look back to
the time of the Industrial Revolution, when workers were toiling 7 days a week,
long hours each day for meager wages and no benefits, when we had child labor,
and to the Great Depression, all of which were caused by business greed.

The result was regulations to help equalize the situation: the Fair Labor
Standards Act, the NLRB, Social Security and laws regulating Wall Street, among
others. The "war against the wealthy and business ... and what they own" is
merely a reaction to the war of exploitation that businesses and the wealthy
have been prosecuting against the common man for a very long time.

Kenneth Ciszewski o Overland

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  FILE - in this March 26, 2014, file photo, NFL Commissioner Roger
Goodell answers questions during a news conference in Orlando, Fla. Goodell says
the league asked for, but was not given, a just-released video showing former
Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice hitting his then-fiancee on an elevator.
Goodell says during an interview with CBS aired Tuesday, Sept. 9, 2014: "We
assumed that there was a video. We asked for video. But we were never granted
that opportunity." (AP Photo/John Raoux, File)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              587 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 JANUARY 4, 1997 Saturday MORNING FINAL EDITION

WILSON'S BIGGEST GUN IN WELFARE REFORM ONCE A SINGLE MOM, SHE KNOWS PITFALLS

BYLINE: HALLYE JORDAN, Mercury News Sacramento Bureau

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1365 words

DATELINE: SACRAMENTO


From the moment he saw her interviewed on television in 1992, he knew he'd found
a kindred soul. Eloise Anderson was brainy, articulate, forceful. He needed her
in California.

So it was that Republican Gov. Pete Wilson hired Anderson - a feisty critic of
government programs for the poor - to be his point person on welfare. Now, more
than four years later, their partnership is producing its most significant
creation with the release as early as today of the Wilson administration's
proposal to implement the new federal welfare reform law.

The details of that proposal aren't yet known. But observers both friendly and
hostile believe it will reflect the beliefs of Anderson, 54, an African-American
former single mom who pumped gas rather than go on welfare and counseled aid
recipients that they could succeed at anything if they invested enough sweat
equity.

This, after all, is a woman who advocated an outright end to Aid to Families
With Dependent Children, the main federal welfare program, in interviews with
"60 Minutes," "The MacNeil/Lehrer NewsHour" and "NBC Nightly News." Anderson
argued that welfare handouts demean the poor and perpetuate a cycle of
dependency.

Allies say such thinking makes Eloise Anderson the perfect person to transform
California's $6.7 billion, 2.7 million-client system from the support program it
is now to the employment-preparation program it must become.

"She's a woman of convictions," Wilson said. "She's very hard-headed and knows
what works and what doesn't. She has a gift for putting it in plain language
that's easy to understand."

Could she imperil reform?

But opponents say Anderson may imperil reform - because she seems bent on
abolishing welfare when the federal government has asked states to repair it.

"It seems she is locked into these views that people will be better off without
assistance and that they are there because it's their fault," said Tom Bates, a
former chairman of the Assembly Human Services Committee. "It's hard for people
like myself who are trying to meet on some middle ground and find a way to work
together."

Anderson's own description of her role would give these opponents little
comfort. "My job is to get rid of AFDC," she said recently. "(The governor)
says, 'I want to go here,' and I say, 'Sure, do you want to go by train, plane
or boat?' "

In the world of government and politics, where many people develop their
ideology from textbooks and lunch-table arguments, Anderson earned hers. She was
born in Toledo, Ohio, in 1942 and reared in a poor neighborhood by her mother
and stepfather - a domestic maid and a janitor.

An only child, she had a love of love of people that drove her to a career in
social work, she said. Then, single and living in Milwaukee at age 28, she did
something unusual: She adopted a 2-year-old girl.

"I wasn't looking for love," said Anderson, who was financially secure, had a
home and saw no marriage in sight. "I was actually looking to give it."

A short time later, Anderson did marry, putting her career on hold to care for
her adopted daughter, a son and a foster child.

"I believe it's really important to try to be home with your kids if you can do
that," she said. "Everybody can't do that, and I'm not judgmental about that."

The marriage didn't last. Divorced, without a job, Anderson was suddenly a prime
candidate for government aid. But while she accepted some inexpensive food for
her children - "My kids knew 125 ways to do oatmeal" - she would not take
financial assistance.

Instead, Anderson opted to work menial jobs that included pumping gas, cleaning
an elderly woman's home, and joining the Army Reserve. A friend cared for her
children during her evening training.

Ultimately, she landed a job at a county social-services agency where she'd
worked previously - this time as a caseworker rather than a supervisor. And this
time, Anderson found that her personal experience was bolstering her strong
beliefs about government's proper relationship with the poor.

"I had good skills, I had a good attitude," she said. "I think attitude actually
is much better because most people are willing to train you."

In dealing with her welfare cases, Anderson took a tough-love approach.

"I'd say, 'Right now I'm in your face because the county's in your face and they
are paying me to be in your face. I can leave. We can come take your kids. We
can throw you off welfare, but this is not about me. It's about what you want to
do.' "

"I don't think I come to people with an 'I-think-I'm-better-than-you-are'
(attitude)," she continued, applying the lessons of those experiences to her
mission today. "I come to people thinking everybody has got their good parts and
their bad parts. And what we try to do is to strengthen the strong parts and
figure out if we can diminish the other parts."

Wisconsin welfare chief

Anderson rose in Wisconsin's hierarchy, becoming Gov. Tommy Thompson's welfare
chief by the time of that 1992 TV appearance. When Wilson flew her to California
for a job interview, she went on a whim.

At the time, she said, she considered California a wacky state, and "figured
whoever was head of it was equally as crazy."

But talking with Wilson, she recognized they shared ideals: "He had the same
sense of how unfair we've been treating people who are in the system. We were
locking them in, and they couldn't get out."

How to change? Once on the job, Anderson helped Wilson craft a radical package:
Among its tenets were a cut-off of assistance after two years, no extra cash for
welfare moms who have more children, and the distribution of vouchers instead of
cash in homes with drug abusers.

The legislature's Democrats said no. But in August of last year, Congress and
President Clinton reshaped the political landscape on welfare, producing a law
that gives states flexibility in using lump sums of federal money but requires
them to push people off public assistance.

Naysaying is no longer the order of the day; welfare will change and the
question is how.

To make the public case for radical change, Anderson may be uniquely
well-qualified. "For someone to make the draconian changes (Wilson) wanted to
propose, having an African-American woman was a significant shield against cries
of racism and being attacked for going after the poor," Bates noted. "She is a
great person to be carrying his message."

Ultimately, however, California's leaders must go beyond message and reach
political consensus on implementing welfare reform. For Anderson to help lead
that process, she'll have to show negotiating skills. That may mean bringing to
the table interest groups she so far has alienated.

"We've had no meetings with Eloise," fumed Casey McKeever, a Sacramento lobbyist
with the Western Center on Law & Poverty. "Eloise doesn't meet with anybody like
us."

Friends say critics of Anderson's ideology fail to see the quality that will
guide her through: her humanity.

She gave up candy for Lent last year, misses fishing, has had time only twice to
go cross-country skiing at Royal Gorge, and has had precious few opportunities
to keep her golf game in shape.

She commutes back and forth to Wisconsin, where she keeps a home with her second
husband, Pat LeMahieu, a white Libertarian and an agricultural consultant she
describes as her best friend. They have been married almost 18 years, and talk
every day.

She engages anybody and everybody in conversation, from fellow plane passengers
to diners at restaurants to people she encounters on the street during her
frequent walks to work.

And she feels uncomfortable with her newfound fame.

At an event the week before Christmas, a small horde of reporters descended upon
a photo opportunity of state dignitaries packing boxes of food for the needy.
Spotting Anderson, the group elbowed aside Wilson's wife, Gayle, to corner her.

"You shouldn't do that," Anderson admonished a reporter a few days later. "She
is the first lady of California."

In fact, for the months that California's welfare reform debate is sure to last,
there's a strong argument that the first lady of California will be Eloise
Anderson.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: PROFILE

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: ASSOCIATED PRESS
Eloise Anderson, director of the California Department of Social Services,
presents her case for welfare reform on Capitol Hill in May.
[970104 FR 17A]

                     Copyright 1997 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              588 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            Lowell Sun (Lowell, MA)

                           January 17, 2002 Thursday

Smith key to Patriots' playoff run

BYLINE: By DAVID PEVEAR Sun Staff

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 832 words

DATELINE: FOXBORO


Quarterback Tom Brady is headed to the Pro Bowl, and that's nice. But the less
he does on his way to Honolulu, the better his chances of first stopping over in
New Orleans -- and taking the whole Patriots team with him.

Wishing for more of less from Brady doesn't demean his uncommon proficiency as a
first-year starter in the NFL or disrespect the kindness he's shown poor [not in
a monetary sense] Drew Bledsoe.

Brady has been indispensable to the Patriots during their stunning run to the
playoffs. He makes all the necessary plays, oozes class and leadership, and is
beloved by his teammates because they win with him [he's 11-3 as a starter].

But make no mistake. This has been a run to the playoffs.

The Patriots during their ongoing six-game winning streak have averaged 128.7
yards rushing per game. Brady has increasingly become less of a statistical
factor, averaging 205.3 yards passing a game during the streak. Over the last
five games, he has throw two touchdown passes and five interceptions.

Those aren't Pro Bowl passing numbers, but the votes are already counted. And if
the running game remains up and running for two more weeks, those could be the
numbers of a Super Bowl quarterback.

"If you want to go to the Super Bowl, you're going to have to run the ball.
That's something I've been hearing all my life," says Antowain Smith, the
6-foot-2, 230-pounder who handles the actual running portion of the Patriots'
running game.

The anticipated cold weather and the Patriots' modus operandi likely have the
Oakland Raiders loading up for a large dose of Smith in the AFC divisional
playoff game Saturday night at Foxboro Stadium.

Smith finished sixth in the AFC with 1,157 yards, and for only the fourth time
since 1985 a Patriots' leading rusher reached the 4.0-yard-a-carry plateau.

Though the evil Raiders are scheming to rattle clean-cut Brady in his first
playoff start, they may not get that much of a shot. "They got a huge back
that's running hot right now," realizes Oakland coach Jon Gruden, "and that can
take a little pressure off [Brady]."

Numerous reasons have been offered for the Patriots' turnaround from 5-11 last
season to 11-5 this season. There are the large number of modestly priced
character veterans added to the roster. There is the brilliance of coach Bill
Belichick. There is the emergence of Brady.

Patriots center Damien Woody considers reason No. 1 to be Smith, the Buffalo
Bills castoff who has given the Patriots a running game -- and in doing so,
given them the toughness that is their most distinguishing characteristic.

"More so than anything that everybody has brought up, his establishing the
running game has been the biggest cog in our whole team," says Woody. "It's been
huge being able to run the ball and not necessarily rely on the passing game
like the last few seasons."

"You get into a rhythm when you're running the ball," says fullback Marc
Edwards, excitement growing in his voice. "You get up. You get back to the
huddle. You call the play. Bam! You're running. There's just an intensity that
builds.

"Four yards. Four yards. First down. You just keep doing that. You get into a
great rhythm and it's good for everybody."

The Patriots have been rocking in rhythm aboard "The A Train," as the team's
press releases refer to Smith.

"He's one of those guys that you can look at and see that he has strong
character," linebacker Roman Phifer says of Smith, whom the Bills let go last
spring after his production diminished steadily from his 1,124 yards in 1998.
"Anytime a team writes you off, thinking you're finished, and you get another
opportunity someplace else ... To take advantage as he did here, says a lot
about his character."

Smith's four 100-yard games this season have all come in the last nine weeks,
including a career-high 156 yards against Miami in the next-to-last
regular-season game. He has felt himself becoming more in tune with a Patriots
offensive line that has remained stable for a change.

"Now they know what I like to do," says Smith. "They're going out there to try
to open up some holes. They know it doesn't have to be a big hole. Just a little
one, and I'm going to hit it up in there for all the yards I can get."

Charlie Garner's 158-yard performance last Saturday night against the Jets
notwithstanding, the weakest parts of Oakland's game have been running the ball
[ranked 24th in the NFL] and stopping the run [ranked 22nd].

"Throughout the course of the year, they've been giving up some big plays in the
running game," says Smith. "But it's playoff time. They're going to be on top of
their game, and we're going to have to be on top of ours."

Smith sat out practice last Thursday and Friday with a right thigh injury, but
insists the leg is fine for Saturday.

"It's a little sore," he says. "Nothing that a little ice won't cure, because
that's the cure for everything around here. I expect to be out there Saturday
giving it 100 percent."

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2002 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              589 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             February 26, 1986, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Older Women and Men

SECTION: Section C; Page 8, Column 5; Living Desk

LENGTH: 108 words


TO THE LIVING SECTION:

We all know how hard it is to find desirable companionship, male or female, in
New York City, but I found Claudia H. Deutsch's article ''Older Women Are
Pooling Their Male Resources'' [Feb. 5] to be an embarrassing account of some
women herding up men to be viewed like animals.

We have not all sunk to these depths. Many of the women themselves would not
admit to their participation in these arranged ''man parties.'' These are
successful women, more than a pretty face, that ''see themselves as a total
package.'' Why demean this by abusing the opposite sex and embarrassing their
own? CORINNE MCMENEMIN Manhattan

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              590 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             February 19, 1986, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Older Women and Men

SECTION: Section C; Page 12, Column 6; Living Desk

LENGTH: 98 words


TO THE LIVING SECTION:

We all know how hard it is to find desirable companionship, male or female, in
New York City, but I found Claudia H. Deutsch's article to be an embarrassing
account of some women herding up men to be viewed like animals. We have not all
sunk to these depths. Many of the women themselves would not admit to their
participation in these arranged ''man parties.'' These are successful women,
more than a pretty face, that ''see themselves as a total package.'' Why demean
this by abusing the opposite sex and embarrassing their own?CORINNE MCMENEMIN
Manhattan

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              591 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 4, 2002, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Ad tattoos get under some people's skin

BYLINE: Michael McCarthy

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 409 words

Omnipresent advertisers are exploring their final frontier: ad "tattoos" on
human bodies.

Tonya Harding, Todd Bridges and Danny Bonaduce sported temporary tattoos for
online casino Golden Palace in Fox's recent tacky but highly rated Celebrity
Boxing show.

The trio join middleweight champion Bernard "The Executioner" Hopkins, who has
worn the casino's Internet address on his back in bouts. NBA star Rasheed
Wallace was approached to wear ad tattoos last season, but his agent passed.


The idea of athletes using their bodies to promote companies is attracting a
growing number of critics.

The Nevada Athletic Commission has tried to ban them, saying they "demean" the
sport of boxing.

The NBA bans the wearing of "corporate insignia" except on shoes and
league-supplied gear. Yes, that includes players' bodies, says spokesman Mike
Bass.

"It's frightening that advertisers would literally brand people," says Gary
Ruskin, director of consumer watchdog group Commercial Alert. "It's a perfect
example of commercialism: that everything should be for sale, including the skin
on a person's back."

But athletes counter that body billboards are a free-speech issue. Much of the
criticism is just sour grapes, says Bridges, 37, former star of Diff'rent
Strokes. "It's free enterprise. If somebody had thought of it before Golden
Palace, they'd have done it."

Ad tattoos also offer almost free exposure. Golden Palace paid only the talent,
not Fox, for tattoos seen by 15.5 million U.S. viewers. Web visitors rose 200%
in the 24 hours after the March 13 show, and Golden Palace now is recruiting
more for its "celebrity body billboard" plan, says spokesman Jeff Bernstein.

More than 20 fighters have been paid varying amounts. Hopkins has made about $
100,000, while the Celebrity Boxing trio will make "low five figures" apiece,
says Bernstein.

The body billboard program got off to a rough start: Hopkins sweated off his
first tattoo. He and others now wear tattoos applied by henna artist Nicole Baum
that last longer. Bridges says his lasted seven to eight days. Golden Palace
sees little difference between logos on uniforms and on skin. "Has anybody been
more of a billboard for a company than Michael Jordan with Nike?" asks
Bernstein.

Madison Avenue is wary, but "looking at" ad tattoos as a new medium, says Lisa
Donohue, strategy director at media services firm Starcom.

LOAD-DATE: April 04, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W; Space for rent: Bernard Hopkins has made about $100,000
with Golden Palace's body billboard" plan.

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              592 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           February 19, 1998 Thursday

HR types must take charge: professor

BYLINE: BY MARGOT GIBB-CLARK Workplace Reporter

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS; MANAGING WORKPLACE; Pg. B14

LENGTH: 544 words

DATELINE: TORONTO


The next time a boss in your company yells or demeans people in public, don't be
quiet and acquiescent, business professor David Ulrich told human resources
managers at a conference yesterday.

He says more value is created for an organization by pushing issues that need to
be pushed, such as treating people with trust and decency.

Managers have to "get some attitude" and stop thinking of themselves as second
fiddles, says Dr. Ulrich, a professor at the University of Michigan who was
named one of the world's top ten management educators by BusinessWeek magazine.

It is a particularly good time to be in the HR field, he adds, because
departments can build some of the elements a good organization needs in today's
business world. These areas are not so much structures as "capabilities," such
as being able to foster relationships with customers.

He urged the group to think about what they can deliver to a company to help it
become more competitive. Instead of developing a strategy, they should think
about how to put it into practice. And rather than simply listing what staff
possess in the way of collective intellectual capital, HR specialists must
figure out how to build commitment so their company gets the most out of that
capital.

The fight for talent is likely to spread beyond the hot information technology
field, Dr. Ulrich said. If that happens, HR staff are the ones who know how to
keep good people.

One way to do this is by "customizing employee contracts." The process moves
away from strict equality to the idea of equity, which he admitted is more
difficult to administer.

Equity involves comparing peoples' output, and it requires the development of
new measures, Dr. Ulrich said in his speech, which opened the annual conference
of the Human Resources Professionals Association of Ontario.

Sometimes productive people can be rewarded with more flexibility or autonomy
instead of more money.

A bank he worked with in North Carolina recently attracted a highly sought
employee by allowing her to continue to live in New Mexico and giving her a
portion of her salary in travel money for weekly commuting.

That same bank had trouble staffing customer service during off-hours until it
allowed female employees to work a split shift from their homes. The women now
work from 6 a.m. to 9 a.m. and then 6 p.m. to 10 p.m., and they can do personal
activities as long as they answer any calls by the second ring, Dr. Ulrich said.
Turnover has dropped to nil.

At his own university, a star professor was able to choose the three elements of
his work for the next year. Dr. Ulrich got to choose two.

He said HR managers should adopt a phrase from Martin Luther King Jr.'s famous
"I have a dream" speech. The line, repeated several times, states "we will not
be satisfied . . ."

One way Dr. Ulrich proposes using it is to think, "We will not be satisfied with
doing administrative back-room work." Administrative efficiency should be a
given in HR, he said, but much of it can now be done through technology.

HR managers can then concentrate on other areas where they can deliver. Don't
think of an activity, such as training. Decide what can come out of it for the
company: Will product production time be cut? Have boundaries between
departments been minimized?

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1998 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              593 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 13, 2000, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Two Campaigns, Two Misfires;
The Message in 'Rats'

SECTION: Section A; Page 22; Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 113 words



To the Editor:

Your Sept. 12 front-page article about the Republican "rats" ad indicated that a
sharp-eyed Seattle Democrat first detected the hidden message. Maybe the
Republicans were test-marketing the thing up here; maybe we have good vision
here in the woods; or maybe our TV's work better, but many of us in Seattle saw
the "rats" message clearly.

In fact, we couldn't miss it. As it sank in, I felt angry, insulted and
disgusted.

The Bush campaign and the Republican National Committee should trash this ad and
never do one like it again. This low in political discourse insults and demeans
all of us.

G. CARTER BENTLEY
Seattle, Sept. 12, 2000


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              594 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    June 16, 1997, Monday, FIVE STAR EDITION

SEMINAR HERE FOCUSES ON ANGER OF PATIENTS IN NURSING HOMES

BYLINE: Andy Kravetz; Of The Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. 02B

LENGTH: 579 words


In nursing homes across America, a silent war seethes between the elderly and
those who care for them.

Many residents are frustrated, even angry, about their care and about the trials
of growing old. Care providers often don't know how to cope with such feelings.

"I think that there is a mystique about anger. It frightens us," said Bonnie
Genevay, a geriatric consultant. She spoke at a seminar Sunday at St. Louis
University's medical school.

To deal with angry patients, providers sometimes demean them by treating them
like children, she said. Caregivers sometimes distract the patient, thus denying
the anger is real, or they try to control the anger. Either way, the patients
are left to brood.

The seminar was part of the Mid-America Congress on Aging's annual convention,
which is being held in conjunction with the St. Louis Summer Geriatric
Institute.

Caseworkers, caregivers and nurses came from 10 Midwestern states to hear
Genevay and others discuss trends in geriatric care.

Topics such as grandparents raising grandchildren, elderly clerics, depression
and the effect of managed care on treatment for the elderly will be discussed
over the next three days. Conference organizers said they expect about 300 to
attend.

Genevay's workshop was titled "Angry Older People: Should We Deny It, Control It
or Utilize It?" The workshop focused on misperceptions that health care
providers and patients have about being angry.

Among the elderly, the loss of independence or a loved one can have a
debilitating effect.

"In our productivity-driven society, loss of a job or freedom is devastating,"
Genevay said. "What a person does defines if they are a valuable person or not."

Danielle Palmer, a case manager in Manhattan, Kan., has been frustrated by angry
patients. One is a woman who often verbally abuses her caregivers. As a result
many nursing homes have turned her down.

Palmer said the source of the woman's anger probably lies in the fact that she
used to be a vibrant woman. Now, she is confined to her home and has to rely on
helpers. But she has trouble getting helpers because she mistreats them.

Many other old people are caught in the same cycle, Genevay said.

(The following text appeared in the Three Star edition:)

The situation is frustrating, Palmer said, because the woman can't get the help
she needs.

Like this woman, many others lash out because they can't do the things they once
could, Genevay said.  This frustration can build into pent-up anger and rage,
resulting in a vicious cycle.

(End of Three Star text)

The patients take their anger out on their caregivers, who often fail to see
that the anger is really a cry for help or understanding, Genevay said. The
provider becomes angry at the patient's outburst. Sometimes, the caregiver tries
harder to make up for the anger; other times, the caregiver tunes out the
patient. In both cases, the patient usually grows angrier, said Genevay.

She recommended that the provider and the patient focus on the cause of the
anger, understanding that it is a normal part of life and attempt to work
through it.

This doesn't mean to put all the blame on the patients, Genevay warned. A
caregiver's childhood and background can affect how that person deals with anger
and angry people.

"Caregivers are human beings, too, and we have feelings, too," she said.  "If we
aren't honest about ourselves, then our anger meshes with their anger."

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 1997

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1997 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              595 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           October 19, 1991, Saturday

EVERY CHOP STINGS; Indians challenge Atlanta's heroes to be brave and pick a new
name

BYLINE: By Bill Montgomery and Steve Hummer STAFF WRITERSsports; organizations;
public; lawsuits; Atlanta

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; SECTION C; PAGE 01

LENGTH: 526 words


They love the Atlanta Braves - for the most part - but not the team's nickname.
Nor the foam-rubber tomahawks, the chant, the mock warpaint or the feathered
headdresses.

A coalition of social-activist groups say they want the National League
champions to find a name that doesn't demean a race of people.

"Atlanta needs a winning team," said Lahkota Sioux activist and Atlanta resident
Bob Roach, "but we're upset with the antics of the fans, the ridiculous costumes
and antics supposedly copying Native Americans. They mean well, but people don't
know how we feel. If they knew, they might understand."

Mr. Roach and Aaron Two Elk, activists with the American Indian Movement (AIM),
were joined by five representatives from the Coalition Against Racism In Sports
Events (ARISE) in a protest and news conference Friday outside Atlanta-Fulton
County Stadium.

Carrying signs bearing messages like "Native People Are Not Sports Mascots," Mr.
Two Elk said AIM plans similar protests during the World Series, which begins
tonight in Minneapolis and moves to Atlanta for three games beginning Tuesday.

In Minnesota, Minneapolis Mayor Don Fraser supported the name-change movement
and said he would be glad to mediate talks between minority groups and Braves
owner Ted Turner, whose office said he would have no comment.; Feds keeping an
eye on things

Two Justice Department officials are in the Twin Cities to monitor the
situation.

Valentine Obregon said he and another conciliator will investigate "the
allegations of insensitivity by the communities regarding the tomahawk and
disrespect toward American Indians. We're trying to determine how severe the
allegations are."

At a news conference in Minneapolis, William Means, a national director of AIM,
said several hundred demonstrators will assemble outside the Metrodome this
afternoon, handing out literature and calling attention to the actions of the
Braves and their fans. It is estimated there are 50,000 American Indians in
Minnesota, nearly 15,000 in Minneapolis.

"The city of Atlanta is on trial," Mr. Means said. "Our side of the story is
getting out, and as people all over the country watch and see the indifference
of Atlanta, see that it will not change, it will be a direct reflection on the
city."; Making light' of a culture

In Atlanta Friday, the Sioux activists burned herbs in a bowl, sang and beat a
rawhide drum for the television cameras.

"You have to understand that when you decimate a group of people like you have
the Native Americans, it's not enough to say, Oops, I'm sorry,' " Mr. Two Elk
said.

He said Indian nicknames and mock rituals should be scrapped by all sports
teams. He said AIM has been trying to get the Braves to adopt a new nickname
since 1986. The tomahawk chop is symbolic violence and "one more attack by the
dominant white culture on native peoples," he said.

While boosterish antics "seem harmless, they are making light of a tradition
more meaningful than a sports event," said ARISE member Anne Marie Mann, an
English professor at Morehouse College.

The Associated Press contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: How does it feel? Under Hank Aaron's statue at Atlanta-
Fulton County Stadium, John Michael shows what life would be like if other
ethnic groups were used as team mascots. / DIANNE LAAKSO / Staff Color Photo:
He's happy for the team, but Lahkota Sioux activist Bob Roach of Atlanta
protests its nickname Friday. / DIANNE LAAKSO / Staff

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                              596 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 27, 1985, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

JAMES LEVINE AND THE MET

SECTION: Section 6; Page 122, Column 1; Magazine Desk

LENGTH: 175 words


James Levine is determined to preserve all the traditions of grand opera,
shunning such innovations as English supertitles on the ground that he wants
''the audience riveted on the performers at every moment.'' Thus, he limits the
Met's patronage to true devotees and cognoscenti, while, at the same time,
requiring sold-out houses for financial survival.

I am an amateur musician and lifelong lover of serious music, yet there are only
a handful of operas during which I don't find myself struggling against ennui
and impatience. For me, the supertitles do not demean the experience, they
enhance it. Beverly Sills is on the right track, I believe, in seeking
respectable methods to broaden opera's appeal.

An increased flexibility on James Levine's part might help to dissolve the Met's
fiscal problems in a sea of new subscribers. The bleak alternative is to
preserve these works in their original state, in the manner of old masters in
the National Gallery, complete with Government support and control O. ROBERT
£EVINE, M.D. Staten Island

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              597 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 4, 1980, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

SNIPING IS RIFE IN DEBATE BY 4 IN U.S. SENATE RACE

BYLINE: By MAURICE CARROLL

SECTION: Section B; Page 4, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 707 words


The charge that Bess Myerson had failed to speak out when a bank she worked for
supported the Arab boycott of Israel is ''mere innuendo,'' John J. Santucci said
yesterday.

''Sniping back and forth'' demeans the campaign, said John V.  Lindsay.  But
Elizabeth Holtzman renewed the charge about Miss Myerson and the bank - and
added a new wrinkle. And Miss Myerson counterattacked as the four candidates for
the Democratic nomination for United States Senator from New York joined
yesterday in a testy debate.

It had started the previous night when, before a Jewish group, Miss Holtzman,
who represents a Brooklyn district in Congress, accused Miss Myerson, the former
New York City Consumer Affairs Commissioner, of staying on the Citibank payroll
while the bank supported the Arab boycott of Israel.

'Fundamental Differences'

Yesterday, in a cramped and stuffy room at United Press International, 220 East
42d Street, Miss Holtzman looked grimly at her opponent and said, ''There are
very fundamental differences between me and you, Bess Myerson.''

She said that Miss Myerson had remained as ''a highly paid consultant'' at
Citibank when it was imposing improper surcharges on its credit-card holders.

Miss Myerson glared back. ''I am very proud of what I did in the business
community,'' she said. Standing up for principle does not mean walking away from
those you disagree with, she said, adding that if Miss Holtzman did not know
that, ''then she does not know how things are done in this world - or in the
Senate.''

The other two candidates protested that the closing days before next Tuesday's
primary were being dominated by the Holtzman-Myerson spat.

Mr. Santucci, the District Attorney of Queens, denied a report that he was
pulling out of the race and, referring to a New York Times poll that showed him
and Mr. Lindsay far behind, said the poll also showed a great potential for
shifts among voters.

''I say this is wide open,'' he said.

Lindsay Appears Irked

Mr. Lindsay, the former Mayor of New York, complained that politics was becoming
''a spectator sport.'' He frowned. ''The money has spoken,'' he said. ''The
media has spoken. Now it's time for the people to speak.''

He also sniped at Miss Myerson.  Briefly he mixed up some names in an answer,
and she, laughing, said: ''Why not take it from the top, John.'' ''No, I'm not
good at canned commercials, Bess,'' he replied.  Mr. Lindsay has criticized Miss
Myerson's opulent campaign of TV ads.  The four cited some differences on
issues.  Mr. Lindsay and Mr. Santucci urged tuition tax credits. Miss Myerson
said these would threaten the public schools.  Mr. Lindsay and Mr. Santucci
supported an immediate tax cut. Miss Myerson opposed it. Miss Holtzman said,
''First, we should see what the economic indicators look like.''.

While the Democrats were debating, the Senator whose job they want, Jacob K.
Javits, the four-term Republican, won promises from state labor leaders that
they would get in touch with their Republican members by telephone and mail to
help him in his primary campaign.

Mr. Javits and his opponent, Alfonse M. D'Amato, have finished their debates,
but a New York Times poll indicates they are running closer than many
politicians had expected.

So yesterday's labor support could be significant.

200,000 Republicans Cited

The membership of the state A.F.L.-C.I.O. includes 200,000 registered
Republicans, the leaders said.  ''These aren't numbers out of the air,'' said
Howard Molisani, secretary-treasurer of the state federation, at a news
conference with the Senator in the Roosevelt Hotel. ''They're taken from our
computer sheets.''

Governor Carey also held a news conference yesterday, with reporters pressing
him about his comment in endorsing Miss Myerson that she was seeking ''a Jewish
seat.'' They also asked about the cancellation of a meeting the two had
scheduled for Tuesday.

''Who in his right mind would not want to meet with Bess Myerson, day or
night?'' he asked.  Then he looked down at what seemed to be a prepared
statement. ''I support Bess Myerson and her campaign for the United States
Senate without condition,'' he read. ''I do regret the interjection of a
nonissue into this campaign.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                              598 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           November 12, 2015 Thursday

Washington: Speech Code of the Month: Southwest Minnesota State University

LENGTH: 589 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Foundation for Individual Rights in Education has issued the
following news release:



 FIRE announces its Speech Code of the Month for November 2015: Southwest
Minnesota State University (SMSU).



 SMSU&rsquo;s Prohibited Code of Conduct for students bans &ldquo;cultural
intolerance,&rdquo; defined as follows:





     Any verbal or physical contact directed at an individual or group such as
racial slurs, jokes, or other behaviors that demean or belittle a person&rsquo;s
race, color, gender preference, national origin, culture, history or disability,
is prohibited. [Emphasis added.]



 SMSU is a public university, which means it cannot lawfully maintain
policies&mdash;such as this one&mdash;that violate students&rsquo; First
Amendment right to free speech. In cases too numerous to mention, courts across
the country have held that the First Amendment does not permit the prohibition
of speech simply because someone finds it offensive. In Papish v. Board of
Curators of the University of Missouri, 410 U.S. 667, 670 (1973), for example,
the Supreme Court ruled that &ldquo;the mere dissemination of ideas&mdash;no
matter how offensive to good taste&mdash;on a state university campus may not be
shut off in the name alone of &lsquo;conventions of decency.&rsquo;&rdquo; See
also Saxe v. State College Area School District, 240 F.3d 200, 206 (3d Cir.
2001) (holding that there is &ldquo;no question that the free speech clause
protects a wide variety of speech that listeners may consider deeply offensive
&hellip; .&rdquo;); Doe v. University of Michigan, 721 F. Supp. 852, 863 (E.D.
Mich. 1989) (&ldquo;Nor could the University proscribe speech simply because it
was found to be offensive, even gravely so, by large numbers of people.&rdquo;).




 Under SMSU&rsquo;s policy, any speech or expression that another student
subjectively finds &ldquo;demeaning&rdquo; or &ldquo;belittling&rdquo; is
subject to punishment. And on today&rsquo;s college campus, where students
increasingly demand the right to emotional comfort, that often includes a
tremendous amount of speech, including the expression of unpopular views on
political and social issues. If students&rsquo; free speech rights exist only at
the mercy of the most sensitive members of the university community, then
meaningful debate becomes impossible.



 There is little question, based on decades of First Amendment law, that
SMSU&rsquo;s policy is unconstitutional. And unconstitutional public university
speech codes have suffered a virtually unbroken string of federal court losses
stretching back decades. Hopefully, the SMSU administration will spare itself
the embarrassment of fighting against the Bill of Rights and will voluntarily
revise this egregiously broad policy.



 For these reasons, Southwest Minnesota State University&rsquo;s policy is our
November 2015 Speech Code of the Month.



 If you believe that your college&rsquo;s or university&rsquo;s policy should be
a Speech Code of the Month, please email speechcodes@thefire.org with a link to
the policy and a brief description of why you think attention should be drawn to
this code. If you are a current college student or faculty member interested in
free speech, consider joining the FIRE Student Network, an organization of
college faculty members and students dedicated to advancing individual liberties
on their campuses.



 Schools: Southwest Minnesota State University



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              599 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           November 10, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: Speech Code of the Month: Southwest Minnesota State University

LENGTH: 589  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Foundation for Individual Rights in Education has issued the
following news release:



 FIRE announces its Speech Code of the Month for November 2015: Southwest
Minnesota State University (SMSU).



 SMSU&rsquo;s Prohibited Code of Conduct for students bans &ldquo;cultural
intolerance,&rdquo; defined as follows:





     Any verbal or physical contact directed at an individual or group such as
racial slurs, jokes, or other behaviors that demean or belittle a person&rsquo;s
race, color, gender preference, national origin, culture, history or disability,
is prohibited. [Emphasis added.]



 SMSU is a public university, which means it cannot lawfully maintain
policies&mdash;such as this one&mdash;that violate students&rsquo; First
Amendment right to free speech. In cases too numerous to mention, courts across
the country have held that the First Amendment does not permit the prohibition
of speech simply because someone finds it offensive. In Papish v. Board of
Curators of the University of Missouri, 410 U.S. 667, 670 (1973), for example,
the Supreme Court ruled that &ldquo;the mere dissemination of ideas&mdash;no
matter how offensive to good taste&mdash;on a state university campus may not be
shut off in the name alone of &lsquo;conventions of decency.&rsquo;&rdquo; See
also Saxe v. State College Area School District, 240 F.3d 200, 206 (3d Cir.
2001) (holding that there is &ldquo;no question that the free speech clause
protects a wide variety of speech that listeners may consider deeply offensive
&hellip; .&rdquo;); Doe v. University of Michigan, 721 F. Supp. 852, 863 (E.D.
Mich. 1989) (&ldquo;Nor could the University proscribe speech simply because it
was found to be offensive, even gravely so, by large numbers of people.&rdquo;).




 Under SMSU&rsquo;s policy, any speech or expression that another student
subjectively finds &ldquo;demeaning&rdquo; or &ldquo;belittling&rdquo; is
subject to punishment. And on today&rsquo;s college campus, where students
increasingly demand the right to emotional comfort, that often includes a
tremendous amount of speech, including the expression of unpopular views on
political and social issues. If students&rsquo; free speech rights exist only at
the mercy of the most sensitive members of the university community, then
meaningful debate becomes impossible.



 There is little question, based on decades of First Amendment law, that
SMSU&rsquo;s policy is unconstitutional. And unconstitutional public university
speech codes have suffered a virtually unbroken string of federal court losses
stretching back decades. Hopefully, the SMSU administration will spare itself
the embarrassment of fighting against the Bill of Rights and will voluntarily
revise this egregiously broad policy.



 For these reasons, Southwest Minnesota State University&rsquo;s policy is our
November 2015 Speech Code of the Month.



 If you believe that your college&rsquo;s or university&rsquo;s policy should be
a Speech Code of the Month, please email speechcodes@thefire.org with a link to
the policy and a brief description of why you think attention should be drawn to
this code. If you are a current college student or faculty member interested in
free speech, consider joining the FIRE Student Network, an organization of
college faculty members and students dedicated to advancing individual liberties
on their campuses.



 Schools: Southwest Minnesota State University



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              600 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             March 13, 2015 Friday

No Headline

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 602 words


Trickle-down bigotryRegarding "Fraternity video provides painful teaching
moment" (Our Views, March 10): When our elected representatives demean Muslims
and gays in a public forum, no one seems to be shocked. Why then are we shocked
when a bunch of racist fraternity brothers sing a vile song on a private bus?
Trickle-down economics doesn't work, but trickle-down bigotry seems to be
working quite well. When elected "leaders" attack people for their religious
beliefs or sexual orientation, the comments are aimed at the people who vote for
them.

I assume they know their constituents well.Bigotry is defined as, "Intolerance
toward those who hold different opinions from oneself." If the song were about
Muslims or gays, would there be the same outrage? Until we're appalled at
bigotry and racism in all its forms, our state will be seen as a great place to
raise a family as long as it's white, straight and Christian.Ken Northcutt,
Choctawbroad brushThe actions of some members of the University of Oklahoma
chapter of SAE were reprehensible. But they did not, so far as I can tell, do
anything that goes against the criminal statutes of the country or the state.
Sadly, OU President David Boren is not alone in preferring to condemn all of an
organization instead of identifying the offenders and leaving the rest alone.
Those members of SAE who did not participate in the actions on the bus shouldn't
be painted with the same brush as those who are guilty of the dastardly
behavior.Lawrence M. Neumann, EdmondA sad dayI woke this morning to hear of the
horrid video broadcast by a fraternity of the University of Oklahoma. Proper
actions were taken and I appreciate this. I am 61 and remember when black
children were integrated into our school. I was a fourth-grader in the Texas
Panhandle. My parents instructed me to be kind and treat the newcomers as I
would want to be treated. My neighbor, who had always been a gentle man, told
his daughters not to drink from the water fountains. My father told me that
white men who were prejudiced against blacks were threatened not from the black
man, but from their own insecurities as true men. I am saddened today.Pamela
Hornberger, El RenoNot quite the sameAfter the ugly and disgusting racial slurs
made by white members of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity at the University of
Oklahoma against African-Americans, the musical "Oklahoma!" will never be quite
the same again to me. I guess our country hasn't made as much progress in racial
relations as we have thought.Kenneth Zimmerman,Huntington Beach, Calif.Proper
punishmentAs a native Oklahoman, formerly proud member of Sigma Alpha Epsilon
fraternity (Westminster, Mo., College and Oklahoma State) and former journalism
graduate student at OU, I am appalled, embarrassed and angered at the recent
anti-racial actions of the OU SAE chapter. Truly, they got what they deserved.
It's tragic that these young men didn't take to heart what was taught to us as
pledges in the late l950s in "The True Gentleman" as an example of how to live
life and how to relate to those around us. These "brothers" have brought shame
upon themselves, their fraternity and their university.J.P. Smith, Greenwood
Village, Colo.Punishment enoughRegardless of the verbiage of the SAE fraternity
chant, it didn't expose its chanters as SS guards at Auschwitz. Words can be
hurtful and wrong, but they don't warrant blacklisting students to be expelled
from OU. As always, two wrongs don't make a right. As an OU alumnus and former
drunken frat boy, I say booting the SAE house off campus is plenty.Steven L.
Perry, Oklahoma City

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              601 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                            October 10, 2014 Friday

Illini look to sharpen shooting Transfer Starks ready to point the way at guard

BYLINE: Mark Tupper mark.tupper@lee.net

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 656 words


CHAMPAIGN -- A University of Illinois basketball team that wobbled along last
season with 20 wins and a brief stay in the National Invitation Tournament was a
study in contrasts.

Defensively, Illinois was often a thing of beauty, finishing 11th in the country
in Ken Pom's defensive efficiency rating. At one point the Illini held four
straight Big Ten opponents to less than 50 points.

Offensively it was a different story, as head coach John Groce verified in blunt
terms Thursday at the team's media day.

"We were a fun team to coach. Our effort was off the charts," Groce said.
"Having said that, not to demean our guys but in my six years as head coach that
was the worst shooting team and passing team I've ever coached."

Illinois was at its worst behind the 3-point line, where it made just 31.7
percent of its shots. Tracy Abrams hit just 27 percent and took 111 3-pointers.
Leading scorer Rayvonte Rice hit just 29.5 percent of his 3s and attempted 156.
Freshman Jaylon Tate was 1-for-23.

For Illinois to improve this season, those numbers must get better, and for a
number of reasons Groce believes they will.

Illinois will have a new look at the point guard position now that Abrams has
injured his knee and will undergo season-ending surgery in two weeks. As a
result, the job falls into the lap of Oregon State transfer Ahmad Starks, a
super-small, super-quick point guard who instantly upgrades Illinois' profile
from the perimeter.

"Man, that cat can shoot," Rice said, pointing at his 5-foot-9 teammate.

In three seasons at Oregon State, Starks improved every season as a 3-point
threat, knocking down 39.5 percent as a junior. When he left for Illinois, he
owned the school's all-time career record for 3-pointers made with 185.

The plan was for Starks to move closer to his home in Chicago, where he played
at Whitney Young High School. But his appeal to the NCAA for a hardship waiver
(arguing that the transfer was to get closer to his ailing grandmother, who
helped raise him) was denied.

That meant Starks had to sit out all of last season, a development that put him
in a temporary funk.

As it has turned out, the decision has given Illinois a proven point guard at
precisely the moment Groce needs one.

"I felt like the NCAA was inconsistent with its ruling but now, you look back
and with everything that has happened, we certainly see it as a blessing that we
have him this year," Groce said.

It's a blessing, he believes, to have a point guard who has this combination of
quickness, passing instincts and shooting skills.

But Starks is small and unproven defensively as he tries to blend into an Illini
system that demands man-to-man defense after coming from an Oregon State program
that played a great deal of zone.

Starks believes he is up for the job and is grateful Abrams will be on the
sideline lending his advice.

"Yeah, I'm definitely ready for this," Starks said. "The most important thing is
filling Tracy's voice on the floor. He's been a big-time vocal leader and I'm
more of a lead-by-example player. But I'm taking on the vocal responsibilities."

Starks said the Illini system suits his strengths.

"It's a more high-tempo offense and there are more opportunities to make plays
from my position," he said.

Groce said people should not be fooled by Starks' size.

"He can be a pit bull on defense," Groce said. "We might pick up full court with
him at times because of his quickness.

"And he has the ability to make tough shots. He's a great end-of-clock guy who
can hit off-balance, off the dribble, off the catch. He can make tough 2s and he
can shoot the 3."

Time will tell if Starks, with occasional relief from Tate and Rice, can handle
the point guard duties.

But the hope is the days of going 3-for-21 from 3 are over.

Yep, 3-for-21. That's what Illinois shot in the final game of the season as it
bowed out of the NIT at Clemson.

"Yeah, I know," Groce said. "Sometimes it was pretty brutal."



LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Pantagraph


                              602 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            November 5, 2013 Tuesday

Oklahoma football: Parity comes to the Big 12

BYLINE: BY BERRY TRAMEL

SECTION:

LENGTH: 478 words


Bob Stoops doesn't buy the theory that it's harder than ever to win a Big 12
title. In his mind, that demeans all those championships he won when the 21st
century was young.

â??Those ones we won before weren't easy,â? Stoops said.

Maybe he's right. But this much we know. Unlike the old days, more schools are
winning than in the past.

And if the Stoops Troops don't beat Baylor on Thursday, and dang few people
think they will, that list could grow.

OU plays in Waco in a game that just feels like it could have lasting
ramifications.

Win this game, and little ol' Baylor remains more than the Big 12 favorite. The
Bears can become the fifth school to win the conference championship in the last
five years.

Texas in 2009, OU in 2010, OSU in 2011, Kansas State in 2012. Baylor would bring
seldom-seen parity to the Big 12.

Only 15 times since World War II has a major conference spread its championships
over five members in a five-year span. The Big Eight never did it. The Big 12
never has. The Southwest Conference did it once.

Lose this game, and the mighty Sooners officially will have entered drought
status. Lose this game, and OU isn't winning the Big 12. Again. After four
titles in five seasons (2006-10), the Sooners have gone two straight seasons
watching traditional underdogs enjoy the Fiesta Bowl fruits. Losing to Baylor
would make it three straight.

Yep, parity has come to Middle America. Baylor, K-State and OSU have had long
stretches of futility, but they've become sabertooths in recent years.

â??I don't believe there are lesser teams,â? Stoops said. â??I don't believe
it's been that way for quite awhile.â?

Baylor, in particular, is â??right down there in the middle of Texas,â? Stoops
said. â??And they have really good players. I've said this for 10 years. There's
more and more players out of high school for everybody. With the (scholarship)
restrictions, we can all take so many.

â??Everyone we play has talent and good players. It's that way around the
country anymore.â?

Which makes it rough on the traditional powers that are accustomed to winning.

Texas knows the feeling. Mack Brown has two Big 12 titles in 16 years. Heck,
Stoops won seven conference titles in 11 seasons, but now his Sooners no longer
dominate.

Part of that is OU talent slippage, no doubt. But part of it is Big 12 talent
upgrades.

The Sooners went 8-0 in Big 12 play in 2000, 2003 and 2004. But they haven't
been unbeaten in conference since. From 2009 through 2011, OU went 5-3, 6-2 and
6-3 in conference play.

Good. Not great. And OU is used to great.

Great is going to be difficult to regain in this age of Big 12 parity.

Berry Tramel: Berry can be reached at (405) 760-8080 or at btramel@opubco.com He
can be heard Monday through Friday from 4:40-5:20 p.m. on The Sports Animal
radio network, including FM-98.1. You can also view his personality page at
newsok.com/berrytramel.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              603 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 24, 2010 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Continuing to Feel Cheated

SECTION: Section SP; Column 0; Sports Desk; IN-BOX; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 215 words


To the Sports Editor:

Re ''Admission Doesn't Guarantee Entry,'' Jan. 17: I was depressed by the
opinion of Bruce Jenkins of The San Francisco Chronicle that ''cheating is a way
of life in baseball.'' I grew up believing that sports were to be played hard
but played fairly, and that although cheating existed, it was not acceptable in
a contest where the object was to pit your best skills against your opponent's
and take the outcome honorably.

To accept the cheating of players like Mark McGwire, Barry Bonds and others as
normal is to demean the game to the extent that it is not worthy of the fans'
attention anymore. Cheats should not be honored in any way, let alone by
admission to the Hall of Fame. If they are admitted, the honor has become a
meaningless joke.

James Puskar

Oakland, Calif.

To the Sports Editor:

Re ''Applause for McGwire,'' Jan. 18: I was appalled that during Mark McGwire's
first public appearance since his admission to using steroids,  he received a
standing ovation from a group of St. Louis Cardinals fans.  If folks laud
someone who engaged in fraud, then not only the world of sports is rotten, but
so is our culture. Let there be no mistake: character and integrity count for
nothing in today's warped society.

Oren M. Spiegler

Upper St. Clair, Pa.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                              604 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      May 22, 1992, Friday, FINAL EDITION

CEOs: Politics, mutual funds don't mix

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 350 words


Q: Mutual funds have traditionally been passive shareholders of the stocks they
hold. But fund managers are starting to voice their opinions to company
management. What do you see ahead on that front?

BOGLE: Noise. Lots of noise. A hundred times as much as you get now. I don't
mean to demean it by calling it noise. But fund companies aren't going to be
quiet shareholders anymore.

HESSER: It used to be if you can't support management, don't own the stock.
That's not the case anymore.

SHIEBLER: I agree there's going to be more noise. But at our firm, we have a
great deal of discomfort with the idea of crossing the line into active
management. It's a discussion we have quite a bit. The more you leave the role
of investor and the more you take on the role of manager or adviser, the more
you begin to take a different interest where you may not be as dispassionate as
you need to be.

BOGLE: I don't think that responsibly analyzing proxies and voting
them with your best judgment   is the same thing as getting into a

company's management. It may become so at some point. But I don't think we can
walk away from voting responsibly.

SHIEBLER: I agree with that.

HOLMES: Our concern is: At what point does that kind of involvement become
political involvement in the governance of the company we own shares in? Do you
end up making politically correct statements rather than economically correct
ones? Our company has a fiduciary responsibility to maxmize returns to the
shareholders with the least amount of risk and not start making political
decisions. We've seen that with cities and South Africa and our U.S. Gold Shares
Fund. That's why there's two funds now - one out of South Africa, one in. The
shareholder makes the political decision, not us.

Our position is that we'd rather vote with our feet. We'll give suggestions to
management. But we're not going to try to tell them how to run their business.
We have a long-term concern that too many people in our industry are going to
get into the politics of companies rather than the economics.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY

CUTLINE: HOLMES: 'Our position is we'd rather vote with our feet.'

PERSONAL FINANCE

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              605 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            April 4, 2007, Wednesday

Readers' forum

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. P4A

LENGTH: 577 words


Raises not 'on par' with teachers'

Editor:

After all the debate and demonstrations about pay raises, settled on the day
that teachers in 13 counties stayed home from their jobs because they felt that
raises totaling 3.5 percent to 9 percent were insufficient, state employees
learned that 16,000 of them will not be receiving even a 3.5 percent increase.

In the disguise of "fairness," those who earn more than $34,000 will see their
annual salaries increase by a maximum of $1,200 per year. The leader of the
union that represents some state employees stated, "the governor has since
embraced a permanent raise for [state employees] and one 'on par' with the
raises approved for teachers and school service personnel."

Sixteen thousand state employees who have chosen to make public service a
career, who have earned college and advanced college degrees in specialized and
technical fields, and those who have 25 or more years of dedicated experience -
these employees will receive raises of 3 percent or less.

Thus, social workers, accountants, civil engineers, conservation officers,
forest rangers, rehabilitation counselors and other professionals are to be
singled out and made to feel "special" in ways that demean their daily
contributions to the lives of thousands of West Virginians. This treatment is
not comparable; the raise is not "on par." It's sad.

Stephen King

Charleston

GOP senators feeling the heat

Editor:

The electorate can get the rest of them in the U.S. Senate next year with
knowledge of who supports the present regime and is up for re-election. The
Republican incumbents are: John Sununu of New Hampshire, Mitch McConnell of
Kentucky, Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, Elizabeth Dole of North Carolina,
Pat Roberts of Kansas, Lamar Alexander of Tennessee, Saxby Chambliss of Georgia,
John Cornyn of Texas, Pete Domenici of New Mexico, Susan Collins of Maine, Thad
Cochran of Mississippi, Norm Coleman of Minnesota, Larry Craig of Idaho, Jim
Inhofe of Oklahoma, Jeff Sessions of Alabama, Gordon Smith of Oregon and Ted
Stevens of Alaska.

I believe some of their positions already reflect that they are feeling the
heat. Some always seemed to think for themselves in the people's interest. I
like the women from Maine. Olympia Snowe is the other Republican, but she is not
up next year. The listed names should be kept in mind as they take positions on
this regime and the election approaches.

Leon Copeland

Charleston

Corporate money buys off Dems

Editor:

The Gazette is the most honest and informative newspaper I have ever read. I am
83 years old and have lived in several states.

The Gazette said that a cap on prescriptions appeared dead in Legislature and
Gov. Manchin seemed to be undercutting this reform. OK. Why?

I am a Democrat and a populist. I didn't vote for Manchin or the Republican. I
hope the Gazette publishes the names of the legislators who voted to kill this
bill and the ones who voted for the $25,000 salary raise they planned to sneak
through.

I am ashamed of the Democratic Party in our state and Washington, D.C. I would
hope and pray that the public would really support an effort to cut out the big
corporate money (which they get back many times more) and support candidates
with government money. The politicians could then actually spend more time
serving the voters and the voters would stop losing their butts to the top 2
percent elites. Several states have done this and are pleased with results.

Billy P. Light

St. Albans

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers


                              606 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              May 2, 2015 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Letters to the editor, May 2

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 1787 words


Arguments against Better Together, regionalism are unconvincing

Mark Fogal in his commentary "Stenger is right to avoid Better Together" (April
24) argues that Better Together is flawed because its leadership is suspect,
impugns its methods to achieve integration of governmental services or entire
governmental entities, and demeans its methods of study.

That wealthy individuals and major corporate interest groups are funding Better
Together actually gives them an element of credibility. After all, those
entities have a vested interest in the well-being, growth and efficiency of our
region, including a well-educated, healthy labor force.

In criticizing Better Together's research methods, Mr. Fogal postulates they may
be making their recommendations without a correct understanding of underlying
issues. He says they lecture the public rather than listen to it. When it comes
to methods, perhaps he has a point, but others have studied these issues with
integrity and unquestioned professionalism. An excellent example is "For the
Sake of All," a monograph by Jason Purnell, Gabriela Camberos and Robert Fields
of Washington and St. Louis universities. If Better Together ignores issues of
race, poverty and education, these authors certainly don't.

Neither do the recent scathing reports of the Department of Justice and the
investigation by the Post-Dispatch into the actual or potential corruption of
the municipal courts. Their conclusions parallel those of Better Together.

We know from experience that regionalism works better than fragmentation, and
taxpayers have repeatedly supported such efforts, including East-West Gateway,
Bi-State, the Zoo-Museum Tax District, the Great Rivers Greenway District, MSD,
etc. Other nongovernmental examples include the St. Louis Area Regional Response
System, the Community Builders Network of Metro St. Louis and our nationally
renowned St. Louis Regional Health Commission.

Perhaps Mr. Fogal is correct in saying Mr. Stenger should stay away from Better
Together, but his arguments are unconvincing. Regionalism can help solve a
multitude of our problems, and Mr. Stenger should at least be aligned with the
intent of Better Together to foster that movement. Perhaps his accepting a
leadership position might enable him to influence Better Together and help
correct some of the faults Mr. Fogal sees.

Dr. Terry Weiss o St. Louis Member, St. Louis Regional Health Commission and
Community Builders Network of Metro St. Louis

Dangerous to mix religion and government

Once again, the misguided among Christians seem to think the United States is a
Christian nation, at least according to Helen Horvath ("Atheists challenge House
measure on military chaplains," April 25). Ma'am, you could not be more wrong.

The United States is a country that protects the right of its citizens to
worship - or not - as we see fit. As far as this ex-Christian-turned-atheist is
concerned, all prayers should be voluntary and silent. I do believe the Bible
itself says, in Matthew 6:5-6, that people should do their praying in private. I
also believe that the Founders made it very clear that "the government of the
United States is not, in any sense, founded on the Christian religion" (Treaty
of Tripoli, 1797). Or so said John Adams, Founding Father, signer of the
Declaration of Independence and the second president.

Benjamin Franklin, Thomas Jefferson, George Washington and other Founders had
similar views about not allowing any one religion to become the dominant,
state-sponsored religion in the U.S. It's no accident that the First Amendment
to the Constitution deals with keeping religion and government separate. Nowhere
in the Declaration or the U.S. Constitution does it specifically mention
Christianity's god. One time is a "creator" mentioned, and then never again.

It is dangerous to mix religion and government. I do find it telling that the
letter writer is only defending the delivery of prayers by chaplains of
Christianity to the troops, but not the right of any other
chaplains/clerics/imams/priestesses to offer their own religion's prayers for
those troops who might welcome them. It's only fair then that all religions be
treated equally in the military, with equal access for every member of the
military who may not be Christian.

If Christians in the military wish to pray, then fine, I absolutely defend their
right to do so. But let's not make it mandatory for those who do not subscribe
to Christianity. The practice of religion in the military, and in society as a
whole, should be protected, but entirely voluntary.

Kerri Levine o St. Louis

Polar bears aren't meant to live in zoo enclosures

Regarding "Last hurdle cleared for zoo's new polar bear" (April 29):

Polar bears are genetically designed to roam over hundreds of square miles of
Arctic territory and swim vast distances. A cage that can be measured in square
feet cannot come close to providing what polar bears need to thrive. Oxford
University researchers determined that a polar bear's typical zoo enclosure is
about one-millionth of its minimum home-range size.

Captive polar bears spend much of the day pacing, swaying or rolling their
heads, or swimming endless figure eights. Some zoos have resorted to giving
bears anti-depressants to try to curb their anxiety.

Instead of squandering money to build more cages, the zoo and scientific
community must commit time, resources and expertise into technologies to find
real-world solutions to reducing greenhouse gases and preserving Arctic sea ice
if the long-term survival of this species is to be assured.

Jennifer O'Connor o Norfolk, Va. Senior writer, PETA Foundation

Arts programs can help with personal reform

Opening the Post Dispatch on April 28 to opinion pieces on Pages A10-11, it was
striking that each page addressed a prison program: Missouri's SORTS, from which
"not one single person has re-entered society," and the South Carolina Lee
Correctional Institution's BLIC program, which boasts successful personal reform
through creative music ("With a song in prisoners' hearts," Kathleen Parker).

Past editions have cited ministerial efforts, pet therapies, drama programs,
gardening - even successful wall colors to promote peaceful coexistence.
Laudable are such measures to soothe hardened hearts and souls toward
rehabilitative healing, pardon, and return to worlds beyond bars.

Let's keep vibrant such programs - particularly the arts - in our school
districts (perhaps inviting more professional volunteer assistance.) Something
about "an ounce of prevention worth a pound of cure" - or years of
incarceration.

Bretta Ribbing o Manchester

Every government agency needs citizen review

With all the news of rioting in response to police action, I am reminded of the
words Robert Kennedy spoke on the night of the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s
assassination:

"We've had difficult times in the past ... and we will have difficult times in
the future. It is not the end of violence; it is not the end of lawlessness; and
it's not the end of disorder.

"But the vast majority of white people and the vast majority of black people in
this country want to live together, want to improve the quality of our life, and
want justice for all human beings that abide in our land.

"And let's dedicate ourselves to what the Greeks wrote so many years ago: to
tame the savageness of man and make gentle the life of this world. Let us
dedicate ourselves to that, and say a prayer for our country and for our
people."

We consider ourselves democratic, but are far removed from how government
agencies act. Should citizens not have a say in challenging excessive practices,
unfair treatment or excessive spending? Every government agency - police
departments included - need citizen review boards with the power to impact
practices and funding. Otherwise, these agencies become little fiefdoms
accountable only to the privileged.

Stephen Bowman o Ballwin

Riots are wrong way of finding justice

In response to "City on guard" (April 29), I'd like to say that what happened to
Freddie Gray is horrible and the people responsible should be brought to
justice.

The thing that boggles my mind is why the rioters, not protesters, think that
burning down their own community and looting their own stores will change
anything or solve all of their problems. All that it will do is further drive
their city into more chaos and anarchy.

In history, peaceful protests have been more successful in getting their voices
heard than riots. Whether race was an issue in Gray's death, burning and looting
businesses is not the right way to go about finding justice.

The people who find racism where it isn't are the real racists. If we cannot
work together on these issues of race, we are only going to grow further apart.

Mitch Yant o Fenton

Southern Baptist Convention is wrong again on same-sex marriage

Don Hinkle of the Missouri branch of the Southern Baptist Convention expressed
the sect's opposition to same-sex marriage ("Gay marriage showdown may
reverberate in Missouri," April 28). No surprise given the history of the
convention.

The Southern Baptist Convention was founded by Baptists who opposed the
abolition of slavery. The SBC also opposed the right of women to vote, opposed
interracial marriages and opposed integration in the name of religion and
states' rights - all positions that people of faith and good will find morally
repugnant today.

Now, the convention opposes equal marriage rights and, as always, wraps its
bigotry in the flag and the Bible.

Wrong then and wrong now.

Rick Garcia o Chicago

Legislators' contradict themselves on sex education

In the letter "Looking for the logic in Republicans' Medicaid stance" (April
21), Martin Walsh points out a significant discrepancy in many Republican
legislators' reasoning: They assert an interest in improving the state's
economy, yet their actions indicate otherwise. Improving the state's economy
ceases to be a Republican Party priority when doing so would support a
Democratic initiative.

Medicaid expansion is not the only area in which Republican legislators' actions
contradict their stated priorities; they also send conflicting messages with
regard to reducing the rate of unintended pregnancies and abortions in Missouri.

Teens who receive comprehensive sex education, which includes medically
accurate, age-appropriate information about both abstinence and contraception,
are more likely to delay the onset of sexual activity and use contraception when
they do become sexually active than those who receive abstinence-only education.
If Republican legislators truly wish to reduce the number of unintended
pregnancies in Missouri, then why don't they support comprehensive sex
education?

Tenaya Drapkin o University City

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  St. Louis County Executive Steve Stenger discussed some of his office
priorities and also addressed threats he has received since being elected during
a press conference before being sworn in, Thursday, Jan. 1, 2015. Photo by
Roberto Rodriguez, rrodriguez@post-dispatch.com  In this undated handout photo
provided by John Gomes, photographer for the Alaska Zoo, is Kali, a polar bear
cub orphaned when its mother was killed by a hunter in northwest Alaska. The cub
arrived at the Buffalo Zoo in Buffalo N.Y., on Wednesday, May 15, 2013. (AP
Photo/Alaska Zoo, John Gomes)  A Maryland State Trooper walks through a business
damaged during an evening of riots following the funeral of Freddie Gray on
Tuesday, April 28, 2015, in Baltimore. The violence that started in West
Baltimore on Monday afternoon had spread to East Baltimore and neighborhoods
close to downtown and near Camden Yards. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              607 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             June 3, 2009 Wednesday

Rooted in forgiveness

BYLINE: Public Forum Letter

SECTION: PUBLIC FORUM; Opinion

LENGTH: 177 words


As an anthropology major at the University of California at Los Angeles in 1977,
I took quite a few cultural anthropology courses, many dealing with beliefs and
religion, including several purely comparative religion courses. It was quite
obvious that most religions of the world are intrinsically rooted in
forgiveness, acceptance and tolerance.

What amazes me today is that so many of the people who claim to be devoted to
these religions work so hard to creatively and complicatedly interpret these
same religions to be so unforgiving, exclusionary and intolerant.

Organizations such as the Sutherland Institute and the Eagle Forum like to
categorize groups of people and then demean them to justify their roles as
protectors of "values." As individuals, we need to be better than groups like
these. We need to value people for their differences. Diversity is great.

The worst cases of human self-destruction have been attributed every time to
intolerance of diversity. Shouldn't we be better than that?

I think so, and so does Equality Utah.

Bill Godwin

Salt Lake City

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              608 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                            January 25, 2011 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Iowa's bold claim to John Wayne; Tiny town of Winterset relishes its role as
'The Duke's' birthplace

BYLINE: Josh Noel, MCT

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. B12

LENGTH: 1107  words


In the tiny living room of the tiny clapboard house where John Wayne was born,
our tour guide explained that "The Duke's" family moved to this town southwest
of Des Moines in 1906 so his father could work in a pharmacy. They left in 1911
for Wayne's father to take a similar job in nearby Earlham. I didn't think much
of it. None of us 16 visitors seemed to.

"Wait," I asked the guide. "So how old was John Wayne when the family left this
house?"

"Three," she said, and continued with his life story.

Three.

Our nation's most iconic movie star couldn't tie his shoes when he left the
house where we stood, but if you think that demeans the value of the most famous
home in this little town, 30,000 annual visitors disagree. Standing in the room
where little baby Wayne took his first breath -- a dim, back corner space about
8 feet wide and 15 feet long -- brings an inevitable hush to the tourists who
come from all 50 states and dozens of countries. Some cry.

Like the rest of the house, that room is stuffed with period-era furniture and
memorabilia from The Duke's career, including photos from the 160 films starring
the former Marion Robert Morrison, an eye patch he wore in the original "True
Grit" and an autographed copy of "The John Wayne Story," a 1972 biography in
which he inscribed:

David --

Haven't read this yet. Hope I won't regret signing it.

Duke

Though he lived in the little white house for just three years, visiting it
stirs Wayne fans. It reminds them why they love John Wayne and reminds them
about themselves.

"When I walked into that house, I felt a connection to my past," Tom Rizzardo,
48, of suburban Dallas, told me as he finished the house tour I was about to
begin. "I thought of playing in the street and my dad calling me inside because
'The Cowboys' or 'Chisum' was on TV."

Wayne's birthplace also makes clear that his greatness wasn't just a product of
the screen; it was in his journey from heartland modesty to West Coast fame. It
was classic American success, even if, despite the pleas of Winterset leaders,
he apparently never returned to the town.

If true, it was too bad for The Duke because the town of 4,800 could have been
built on a studio back lot. A handsome limestone courthouse anchors the town
square while the usual small-town suspects orbit on all sides: the movie
theater, the shoe store, the coffee shop, the pharmacy (with requisite soda
counter), the diner, the chiropractor and so on.

For a relatively small town, Winterset is blessed with a couple of other
attractions: George Washington Carver lived here briefly in the late 1880s and
is honored with a small park. It also is the seat of Madison County, as in "The
Bridges of Madison County," a book and, even more so, movie that sent countless
tourists to Winterset in search of covered bridges.

In true Midwestern style, Winterset also is a friendly place. At the edge of
town a sign offers greetings from the Methodists, the Lutherans, the Seventh-day
Adventists, the Baptists, the Madison County Gentlemen, the Rotary Club, the
Winterset Optimist Club, the VFW and, if that's not enough, Wayne Cowden, 72,
and Marilyn Hull, 73, who, in harvest season, sell freshly picked sweet corn
from the back of a truck. Hull, who grew up in Winterset, takes moderate pride
in coming from the same place as The Duke.

"You wouldn't think someone like that would come from Winterset," she said.
"Then again, I didn't know he was from here for a long time."

A lot of people didn't. Until Wayne died in 1979, much of Winterset didn't give
a lick about being John Wayne's birthplace. Then, as with so many celebrities,
death was a great career move. People started showing up at the house at Second
and South streets, which, these days, is down the street from a video rental
store and tanning salon.

"The gentleman who lived here in the early 1980s, if he forgot to lock his door,
would find people standing in his living room wanting to see the birthplace of
John Wayne," my tour guide said.

In 1982, the nonprofit John Wayne Birthplace Society bought the house. It has
raised $1 million of a targeted $5.5 million for a proper museum. Until then, it
offers visitors a 7 1/2-foot bronze Wayne statue (rifle in hand, of course), a
well-stocked gift shop (John Wayne beef jerky, anyone?) and 20-minute tours of
the house: 10 minutes of guided talk and 10 minutes of wandering, though there
isn't far to wander in 860 square feet. Still, the memorabilia is plentiful,
including his Page 4 birth announcement in the May 30, 1907, Winterset
Madisonian that says, "A thirteen-pound son arrived at the home of Mr. and Mrs.
Clyde Morrison Monday morning."

That always gets the female visitors.

"Thirteen pounds?!" one said. "Where's the whiskey?"

The main event comes around Wayne's May 26 birthday, when the birthplace museum
hosts a party that draws close to 10,000 visitors. For two days, it's all Wayne:
an auction, music, food and, of course, movie screenings. Not everyone enjoys
it.

"It's pretty interesting seeing who comes to Winterset, but every year for the
party I get out of town," said a woman who lives nearby and didn't want to be
named. "Too many people in my back yard. But I get it. Hell, it's John Wayne.
He's an icon. And the people need to see something.

- - -

IF YOU GO:

GETTING THERE:

Winterset is a 40-minute drive southwest of downtown Des Moines.

STAYING:

The only options are the affordable and none-too-fancy Super 8 (1312 N. 10th
St.; 515-462-4888) at the edge of town and Heavenly Habitat Bed-and-Breakfast
(218 S. Second Ave.; 515-689-2640), which has two rooms offering an antique feel
in a former Lutheran church.

EATING:

Northside Cafe (61 W. Jefferson St.; 515-462-1523) and the soda fountain in the
back of Montross Drug (120 N. First Ave.; 515-462-2282) are local stalwarts and
about what you would expect from small-town diners. Espresso Yourself (122 N.
First Ave.; 515-462-5962) serves fine coffee and quality lunch, the desserts at
Madison County Dessert Factory (57 E. Jefferson St.; 515-745-3438) are out of
this world, and Copper Cow (101 N. First St.; 515-462-6938) is the closest thing
to fine dining with an array of pastas, steaks, fish and pork, as well as a
cheaper lunch menu.

TO DO:

The John Wayne Birthplace (216 S. Second St.; 515-462-1044;
johnwaynebirthplace.org)offers tours costing $6 for adults, $5 for people 60 and
older, and $2 for children 12 and younger. The gift shop alone is a worthy visit
for Wayne fans, offering movies, posters, key chains, T-shirts, buttons and much
more, including John Wayne Monopoly. This year's celebration will be May 27 and
28.

MORE INFORMATION ON THE AREA : 800-298-6119; madisoncounty.com

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: MCT; A statue of John Wayne, donated by his  children, stands on
the site where a tribute museum is planned.;
Colour Photo: MCT; The main street in Winterset, Iowa, is named for  the town's
favourite son, John Wayne.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              609 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                            April 16, 2011 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Iowa town relishes role as Duke's home Tiny clapboard house to be home of
Hollywood legend's museum

BYLINE: Josh Noel Chicago Tribune

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. T2

LENGTH: 1100  words

DATELINE: WINTERSET, IOWA


In the tiny living room of the tiny clapboard house where John Wayne was born,
our tour guide explained that The Duke's family moved to this town southwest of
Des Moines in 1906 so his father could work in a pharmacy. They left in 1911 for
Wayne's father to take a similar job in nearby Earlham. I didn't think much of
it. None of us 16 visitors seemed to.

"Wait," I asked the guide. "So how old was John Wayne when the family left this
house?"

"Three," she said, and continued with his life story.

Three.

America's most iconic movie star couldn't tie his shoes when he left the house
where we stood, but if you think that demeans the value of the most famous home
in this little town, 30,000 annual visitors disagree. Standing in the room where
little baby Wayne took his first breath - a dim, back corner space about 8 feet
wide and 15 feet long - brings an inevitable hush to the tourists who come from
all 50 states and dozens of countries. Some cry.

Like the rest of the house, that room is stuffed with period-era furniture and
memorabilia from The Duke's career, including photos from the 160 films starring
the former Marion Robert Morrison, an eye patch he wore in the original True
Grit and an autographed copy of The John Wayne Story, a 1972 biography in which
he inscribed:

David -

Haven't read this yet. Hope I won't regret signing it.

Duke

Though he lived in the little white house for just three years, visiting it
stirs Wayne fans. It reminds them why they love John Wayne and reminds them
about themselves.

"When I walked into that house, I felt a connection to my past," Tom Rizzardo,
48, of suburban Dallas, told me as he finished the house tour I was about to
begin. "I thought of playing in the street and my dad calling me inside because
The Cowboys or Chisum was on TV."

Wayne's birthplace also makes clear that his greatness wasn't just a product of
the screen; it was in his journey from heartland modesty to West Coast fame. It
was classic American success, even if, despite the pleas of Winterset leaders,
he apparently never returned to the town.

If true, it was too bad for The Duke because the town of 4,800 could have been
built on a studio back lot. A handsome limestone courthouse anchors the town
square while the usual small-town suspects orbit on all sides: the movie
theatre, the shoe store, the coffee shop, the pharmacy (with requisite soda
counter), the diner, the chiropractor and so on.

For a relatively small town, Winterset is blessed with a couple of other
attractions: George Washington Carver lived here briefly in the late 1880s and
is honoured with a small park. It also is the seat of Madison County, as in The
Bridges of Madison County, a book and, even more so, movie that sent countless
tourists to Winterset in search of covered bridges.

In true Midwestern style, Winterset also is a friendly place. At the edge of
town a sign offers greetings from the Methodists, the Lutherans, the Seventh-day
Adventists, the Baptists, the Madison County Gentlemen, the Rotary Club, the
Winterset Optimist Club, the VFW and, if that's not enough, Wayne Cowden, 72,
and Marilyn Hull, 73, who, in harvest season, sell freshly picked sweet corn
from the back of a truck. Hull, who grew up in Winterset, takes moderate pride
in coming from the same place as The Duke.

"You wouldn't think someone like that would come from Winterset," she said.
"Then again, I didn't know he was from here for a long time."

A lot of people didn't. Until Wayne died in 1979, much of Winterset didn't give
a lick about being John Wayne's birthplace. Then, as with so many celebrities,
death was a great career move. People started showing up at the house at Second
and South streets, which, these days, is down the street from a video rental
store and tanning salon.

"The gentleman who lived here in the early 1980s, if he forgot to lock his door,
would find people standing in his living room wanting to see the birthplace of
John Wayne," my tour guide said.

In 1982, the nonprofit John Wayne Birthplace Society bought the house. It has
raised $1 million of a targeted $5.5 million for a proper museum. Until then, it
offers visitors a 7 -foot bronze Wayne statue (rifle in hand, of course), a
well-stocked gift shop (John Wayne beef jerky, anyone?) and 20-minute tours of
the house: 10 minutes of guided talk and 10 minutes of wandering, though there
isn't far to wander in 860 square feet. Still, the memorabilia is plentiful,
including his Page 4 birth announcement in the May 30, 1907, Winterset
Madisonian that says, "A thirteen-pound son arrived at the home of Mr. and Mrs.
Clyde Morrison Monday morning."

That always gets the female visitors.

"Thirteen pounds?!" one said. "Where's the whiskey?"

The main event comes around Wayne's May 26 birthday, when the birthplace museum
hosts a party that draws close to 10,000 visitors. For two days, it's all Wayne:
an auction, music, food and, of course, movie screenings. Not everyone enjoys
it.

"It's pretty interesting seeing who comes to Winterset, but every year for the
party I get out of town," said a woman who lives nearby and didn't want to be
named. "Too many people in my back yard. But I get it. Hell, it's John Wayne.
He's an icon. And the people need to see something."

If you go

Getting there: Winterset is a 40-minute drive southwest of downtown Des Moines.

Staying: The only options are the affordable and none-too-fancy Super 8 (1312 N.
10th St.; 515-462-4888) at the edge of town and Heavenly Habitat
Bed-and-Breakfast (218 S. Second Ave.; 515-689-2640), which has two rooms
offering an antique feel in a former Lutheran church.

Eating: Northside Cafe (61 W. Jefferson St.; 515-462-1523) and the soda fountain
in the back of Montross Drug (120 N. First Ave.; 515-462-2282) are local
stalwarts and about what you would expect from small-town diners. Espresso
Yourself (122 N. First Ave.; 515-462-5962) serves fine coffee and quality lunch,
the desserts at Madison County Dessert Factory (57 E. Jefferson St.;
515-745-3438) are out of this world, and Copper Cow (101 N. First St.;
515-462-6938) is the closest thing to fine dining with an array of pastas,
steaks, fish and pork, as well as a cheaper lunch menu.

What to do: The John Wayne Birthplace (216 S. Second St.; 515-462-1044;
johnwaynebirthplace.org) offers tours costing $6 for adults, $5 for people 60
and older, and $2 for children 12 and younger. The gift shop alone is a worthy
visit for Wayne fans, offering movies, posters, key chains, T-shirts, buttons
and much more, including John Wayne Monopoly. This year's celebration will be
May 27 and 28.

More: 800-298-6119; madisoncounty.com

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              610 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           February 24, 2011 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Staff members' suit targets Adams assessor

BYLINE: David Olinger The Denver Post

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-01

LENGTH: 439 words


BRIGHTON - Two women employed by the Adams County assessor have sued him,
alleging he repeatedly engages in sexual "humor" that demeans women.

They also allege that Assessor Gil Reyes retaliated against one of them for
taking a medical leave for diabetes treatment and that he compelled all
employees to sign a statement that he could fire them at any time for any
reason.

The lawsuit cites six examples of sexual remarks and one ethnic insult.

The plaintiffs, Ruby Lucero and Linda Frank, say Reyes suggested one employee's
"butt was probably as white as her legs and feet" and told another her "butt is
so small that you keep sliding off your chair."

They say he called another employee "the office trollop," castigated an
employee's son as "nothing more than a sperm donor" to his child and remarked to
two married women who were talking to a deliveryman that "you two can't take him
home with you."

Lucero alleges that when she tried to help a bilingual customer, he sent another
employee to the front desk, remarking that the only Spanish phrase Lucero knew
was "yo quiero Taco Bell" - I want Taco Bell.

Lucero, who has worked for the assessor's office since 2003, alleged that she
"has overheard or been told of comments by Mr. Reyes about the sex, race, size
of women, and the stupidity of people in the office on almost a daily basis."

Reyes was ill this week and could not be reached for comment.

The state Division of Property Taxation is investigating Reyes' office to
determine whether he gave tax breaks to leading contributors.

The investigation came in response to a Denver Post report that, among other
things, found a California-based warehouse company had won appeals that reduced
its yearly property taxes more than $800,000 after the company, its affiliates
and officers donated a total of $14,000 to Reyes' 2002 and 2006 campaigns.

Reyes requested the investigation. So did a citizens' group headed by former
Thornton Mayor Noel Busck. Lawsuit plaintiff Linda Frank is Busck's daughter.

Lucero alleges that Reyes demoted her last year after she applied for
intermittent time off under the Family Medical Leave Act of 1993 for diabetes
treatment.

According to her suit, Reyes called her into his office a week after she
informed the county of her intended leave and insisted she sign a "performance
contract" as discipline for tardiness and poor performance.

The lawsuit also challenges a 2009 memo that Reyes told all employees to sign
that "you may be terminated by the Assessor for any reason, with or without
notice."

The plaintiffs asked the court to nullify that provision.

David Olinger: 303-954-1498

or dolinger@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2011 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              611 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                             May 12, 2007 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Felonious animal cruelty conviction first of its kind

BYLINE: John Stevenson jstevenson@heraldsun.com

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 651  words


Drexel Earl Gornto Jr. this week became the first person ever convicted of
felonious animal cruelty in Durham for something other than staging a dogfight.

It didn't help that he showed up in court with a Fighting Gamecocks ball cap
from the University of South Carolina.

Clutched in Gornto's hands, the cap quickly caught the attention of Judge
Orlando F. Hudson, who asked prosecutor Jan Paul if she objected to it.

Paul was not amused.

"It was ironic," she said in an interview Friday. "I'm not trying to demean the
University of South Carolina's mascot. I have no objection to the University of
South Carolina per se. But I do object when someone charged with animal cruelty
comes into court with a cap that depicts a fighting animal."

Paul noted that animal fighting, including cockfighting, has just become a
federal felony.

Gornto was accused of maliciously and repeatedly throwing a 4-month-old
boxer-mix puppy against a tree while holding it by the scruff of its neck. The
dog suffered various bone fractures.

An eyewitness reported the incident to authorities, leading to Gornto's arrest.

Gornto never offered an explanation for his actions.

When he appeared in court this week, he took advantage of a seemingly
paradoxical provision of state law that allowed him to plead guilty without
actually admitting guilt.

He was placed on supervised probation for three years and will be on electronic
house arrest for the first 60 days.

Gornto also was ordered to abstain from drinking alcohol while on probation and
not to possess any more animals. In addition, he must pay veterinary expenses
for the injured dog in the amount of $240.51, plus $312 to Cornwallis Road
Animal Hospital and $852 to the county animal shelter for boarding the dog from
Jan. 2 to March 13.

Finally, a six- to eight-month prison sentence was left hanging over Gornto's
head. It could be activated if he violates any conditions of probation.

The injured dog was named Watson.

Officials initially had high hopes for him.

The Animal Protection Society of Durham's Web site once said that Watson "so
much deserves to find a home where he'll be able to make up for his very rough
start in life." It added that Watson "is eager to run and around and play as if
nothing had happened."

Things didn't work out for the dog, however.

Paul said Friday that he had to be euthanized after his temperament "turned
sour," apparently from being caged for weeks on end.

The prosecutor expressed outrage.

"Humane conduct, including humane treatment of animals, is required in a moral
and ethical society," she said. "Violence is not the way to solve things.

"Some people are cruel to animals out of ignorance," Paul said. "Some may enjoy
inflicting pain. For others, it may be a power-and-control issue. But whatever
the reason, it's wrong. Animals experience pain just like we do. They can
suffer. They deserve better."

Animal cruelty cases could be handled only as misdemeanors before a relatively
recent change in state law.

Under the new statute, prosecutors can seek low-level felony convictions with a
presumptively fair sentence of six to eight months in prison, even for those
with no past criminal records.

But there is an important catch: To obtain a felony conviction, prosecutors must
prove malice -- something that generally requires an eyewitness to the crime.

Meanwhile, another Durham cruelty case apparently will fall apart because the
suspects didn't show up in court and can't be located.

In that incident, Juan Rodeo and Fidencio Rojas are accused of throwing three
Lab-mix puppies into the Eno River in July 2006. The animals were rescued by a
passerby.

The defendants allegedly tossed the dogs high into the air, laughing as they
fell into the water and then preventing them from swimming to shore.

"My best guess is that they have left the country," Paul said of Rodeo and Rojas
on Friday.

As a result, she said she likely will have to dismiss the case.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Durham Herald Co.


                              612 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 26, 2013 Friday

Musical passion

BYLINE: Bill Kohlhaase, The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 431 words


July 26--Where's Charles Mingus -- jazz's angry man -- now that we need him? The
bassist, who as a composer is often compared to Duke Ellington, was known to be
outspoken as well as brilliant (Ellington fired him after a few weeks in his
band, reportedly because of his temper). He once declared on a bandstand with
Charlie Parker and Bud Powell, "Ladies and gentlemen, this is not jazz. These
are very sick men." He was known to demean members of his own groups in front of
audiences. "He is extremely emotional," jazz critic Dan Morgenstern said.

Morgenstern's quote comes from a host of interviews found in John F. Goodman's
Mingus Speaks. The most important and lengthy of the interviews is from Mingus
himself. Goodman, wrote about jazz for Playboy in the 1960s and 70s, conducted
some 20 hours of interviews between 1972 and 1974 with the bassist, and the
resulting book doesn't do much to smooth over Mingus' rough edges. "I think it's
over, man. Jazz is over," he told Goodman, bemoaning the fact that music was
being taught in academies, leading to a kind of elitism, rather than "guys
getting together to play solos, man." He had no regard for the avant-garde: "I
wouldn't even call that soloing" -- and worried that the lack of competition was
short-changing musicians. Then he told his own story to Goodman about how he was
"real snobbish about anybody who didn't study with Lloyd Reese," the legendary
Los Angeles music teacher, and how he was slapped down by trumpeter Roy
Eldridge: "You don't know about your own people -- you don't know about your own
people's music."

The book is full of such illuminating stories, not all of them from Mingus. Max
Gordon, the late owner of the Village Vanguard club in New York City, recalled
Mingus holding a knife to his chest. But he also said Mingus was "a man of
musical integrity." That integrity made Mingus challenge the recording industry,
the nightclub scene, the music academics, and the racial factors stacked against
some musicians and their audiences -- many of the same issues that need
addressing today. It also explains why Mingus wrote and performed some of the
best music of its kind.

Not all of what's here is valuable. Mingus had a tendency to ramble. But there's
plenty that underscores just what a genius -- and how angry -- he was.

"Mingus Speaks" by John F. Goodman with photos by Sy Johnson was recently
published by University of California Press.

___ (c)2013 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130726-SF-Musical-passion-0726-20130726

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2013 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                              613 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                          February 12, 2014 Wednesday

Gay-marriage backers win in Kentucky

SECTION: NEWS; National; World; Local

LENGTH: 1094 words


LOUISVILLE, Ky. - A federal judge ruled Wednesday that Kentucky must recognize
same-sex marriages performed in other states, part of an unprecedented barrage
of marriage-equality lawsuits in states where voters have overwhelmingly opposed
recognition of gay and lesbian couples.

U.S. District Judge John G. Heyburn II struck down part of the gay-marriage ban
that Kentuckians had approved in 2004, saying it treated gays and lesbians "in a
way that demeans them."

"Assigning a religious or traditional rationale for a law does not make it
constitutional when that law discriminates against a class of people without
other reasons," wrote Heyburn, an appointee of Republican President George H.W.
Bush.

His decision coincided with legal attacks Wednesday on gay-marriage bans in
three other socially conservative states -- Texas, Louisiana and Missouri -- and
was issued just a few weeks after federal judges in Utah and Oklahoma struck
down the voter-approved bans in those states.

According to the advocacy group Freedom to Marry, there are now 45 pending
marriage-equality cases in 24 of the 33 states that do not allow same-sex
marriage. Seventeen states and the District of Columbia have legalized such
unions, while three other states -- Colorado, Nevada and Oregon -- grant
marriage-like rights though civil unions or domestic partnerships.

The stage for the current wave of litigation was set by the U.S. Supreme Court
last June, when it ordered the federal government to recognize valid same-sex
marriages, but stopped short of striking down state laws banning them.
Gay-rights activists hope that one or more of the lawsuits filed since June or
planned for the near future will reach the high court and lead to nationwide
legalization.

"One of the 40-plus ongoing cases, or even some other one, could conceivably
reach the Supreme Court as soon as 2015, or within a few years later, so the
clock is ticking," said Freedom to Marry president Evan Wolfson.

"The aim is not just to get to the Supreme Court, but to win when we get there,"
Wolfson said.

The Kentucky decision came in lawsuits brought by four gay and lesbian couples
seeking to force the state to recognize their out-of-state marriages.

The ruling only requires Kentucky to recognize such marriages. It does not deal
with the question of whether the state can be required to issue marriage
licenses to same-sex couples; that issue wasn't brought up in the lawsuits.

One of the plaintiffs, 55-year-old Gregory Bourke of Louisville, said the only
surprise was the speed with which the ruling came down. The lawsuit was filed in
July 2013.

"The word was it could happen any time, and I wasn't prepared for it," Bourke
said. "It's what we hoped for."

The ruling drew the ire of religious leaders who said Heyburn's decision takes
away Kentucky's right to determine its policies regarding marriage.

Paul Chitwood of the Kentucky Baptist Convention, the state's largest religious
organization with 750,000 members, called the ruling "tragic and disappointing."

"This decision moves us down the slippery slope toward launching Kentucky into
moral chaos and depriving children of their innate need of both a father and a
mother," Chitwood said.

Tony Perkins, president of the conservative Family Research Council, assailed
Heyburn's ruling as "another example of the deep betrayal of a judicial system
infected with activist judges who are legislating from the bench."

Among the developments elsewhere:

--In Texas, a lawyer representing the state asked a federal judge to reject
pleas from two gay couples to suspend the state constitution's definition of
marriage as between one man and one woman.

Mike Murphy, an assistant solicitor general, told District Judge Orlando Garcia
that if he lifted the voter-approved ban on gay marriage, he would be injecting
himself into a social and political debate that should be left to lawmakers.

"These questions are political questions, not constitutional rights," Murphy
told the court. "Same-sex marriage is not included in the fundamental right of
marriage ... it is a more recent innovation than Facebook."

Garcia was considering a request by two couples for a temporary ruling that
would immediately lift the Texas gay-marriage ban pending a trial later. Garcia
did not immediately rule or indicate when he might release a written decision
but predicted the case, or a similar one in another state, will reach the
Supreme Court.

The case is the first of its kind in Texas, and in the conservative 5th U.S.
Circuit Court of Appeals.

Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott, a Republican running for governor, opposes
legalizing gay marriage and has vowed to defend the law.

Attorneys general in other states have taken mixed approaches to court
challenges to bans on gay marriage. Utah and Oklahoma are fighting rulings
lifting their bans, while in Nevada and Virginia, attorneys general have chosen
not to defend them.

--In Missouri and Louisiana, gay-rights advocates filed lawsuits similar to
those in the Kentucky case, seeking to force the states to recognize same-sex
marriages performed in places that allow them.

The Missouri lawsuit was filed by the American Civil Liberties Union in a Kansas
City state court on behalf of eight same-sex couples who live in Missouri and
were married elsewhere. Among the plaintiffs were Janice Barrier and Sherie
Schild, of St. Louis County, who have been together for 33 years and married in
Iowa in 2009. Both Barrier, 61, and Schild, 60, have battled cancer in recent
years, and they worry about what the future holds if the state refuses to
recognize their marriage.

"We're really concerned that if one of us would end up in a nursing home we
might not have the same rights to care for each other in privacy that
different-sex married couples enjoy in Missouri," Barrier said. "It's so very
important to us that we're not torn apart at the very end of our lives."

The Louisiana suit was filed in federal court by a state gay-rights group, the
Forum for Equality Louisiana, on behalf of four gay couples. It says state
revenue department policy essentially requires married same-sex couples who file
joint federal tax returns to falsely claim they are single on state returns -- a
violation, the Forum says, of free speech.

The lawsuit also challenges the state's refusal to recognize both members of a
same-sex union as parents of a child born to them or adopted.

------

Crary reported from New York. Associated Press writers Chris Tomlinson in San
Antonio, Jim Salter in St. Louis and Janet McConnaughey in New Orleans
contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              614 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  September 16, 2004, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

'Jacob Green' gets into a boy's head

BYLINE: Jen Chaney; Special for USA TODAY

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 416 words

The Unthinkable Thoughts of Jacob Green

By Joshua Braff

Algonquin Books, 259 pp., $22.95

---

In countless coming-of-age tales, authors lead tours into the confused and
disturbing crevices of the boy-brain.

In The Unthinkable Thoughts of Jacob Green, debut novelist Joshua Braff adds his
voice in a funny, heart-twisting story about a Jewish adolescent living under
the oppressive regime of an emotionally abusive father. A quick, sometimes
breezy read, Unthinkable Thoughts is not without its flaws. But Braff ultimately
overcomes them with wry humor, assured prose and a keen sensitivity to the
emotional minefields of familial relationships.


The middle child in a screamingly dysfunctional suburban New Jersey family,
Jacob has an active imagination and a learning disability that causes myriad
misspellings in bar mitzvah thank-you notes. It provokes the perpetual
disapproval of his nit-picking father.

Abram, the Green patriarch, ceaselessly demeans Jacob, literally tearing the
hair from his scalp when the eager-to-please boy makes the smallest error. Jacob
seeks solace in "the game of the Unthinkable," the imagined moments in which he
breaks free of his sadistic father or explores his unbridled lust for the
Greens' live-in nanny.

Braff's humor saves this otherwise sad look at an imploding family from plunging
headfirst into pathos. The maddening bar mitzvah notes, for example, yield
several laugh-out-loud moments. "Oh Samuel and Dot," Jacob confides in one
pretend letter, "what a feeling it is to lie on the bed of a grown woman."

While Jacob makes a sympathetic protagonist, Braff's narration doesn't always
sound like the running monologue in a typical adolescent's head. And while he
does a solid job of evoking the novel's time period -- 1977 to 1983 -- the
occasional anachronism sneaks in. There's a reference to a nurse's " 'Fraggle
Rock' scrubs" in 1980, three years before the Jim Henson children's series
began.

Speaking of scrubs, yes, Braff is the older brother of Zach Braff, star of the
NBC comedy Scrubs and writer-director of Garden State. Adam Braff, the eldest of
the three siblings, is at work on a screenplay with Zach. Clearly, writing runs
in the family.

With The Unthinkable Thoughts of Jacob Green, Braff deftly captures the
monumental and minuscule moments of everyday life. It's unfortunate that the
book doesn't plumb greater narrative depths -- Braff certainly seems capable of
doing so.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Algonquin Books; Witty kin: Author Joshua Braff is actor
Zach Braff's brother.

TYPE: BOOKS

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              615 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 10, 1990, Monday, FINAL EDITION

CONNECTICUT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 72 words

DATELINE: GREENWICH


1,200 United Parcel Service pilots were warned not to stop work, union says.
Some UPS pilots called for 3-day work stoppage beginning today to protest
stalled contract talks. ... STAMFORD - 1,200 Kay Bee Toy & Hobby stores will
stop selling Steve the Tramp doll. 12 homeless people, activists held protest at
mall, saying character from Dick Tracy demeans homeless. ... - SCHOLAR: Jeffrey
Dolven, New Haven, Yale University.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Across the USA

Accompanies; SCHOLARS; Study at Oxford awaits Rhodes scholars

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                              616 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           November 6, 2013 Wednesday

Oklahoma football: Parity comes to the Big 12

BYLINE: BY BERRY TRAMEL

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 483 words


Bob Stoops doesnâ??t buy the theory that itâ??s harder than ever to win a Big 12
title. In his mind, that demeans all those championships he won when the 21st
century was young.

â??Those ones we won before werenâ??t easy,â? Stoops said.

Maybe heâ??s right. But this much we know. Unlike the old days, more schools are
winning than in the past.

And if the Stoops Troops donâ??t beat Baylor on Thursday, and dang few people
think they will, that list could grow.

OU plays in Waco in a game that just feels like it could have lasting
ramifications.

Win this game, and little olâ?? Baylor remains more than the Big 12 favorite.
The Bears can become the fifth school to win the conference championship in the
last five years.

Texas in 2009, OU in 2010, OSU in 2011, Kansas State in 2012. Baylor would bring
seldom-seen parity to the Big 12.

Only 15 times since World War II has a major conference spread its championships
over five members in a five-year span. The Big Eight never did it. The Big 12
never has. The Southwest Conference did it once.

Lose this game, and the mighty Sooners officially will have entered drought
status. Lose this game, and OU isnâ??t winning the Big 12. Again. After four
titles in five seasons (2006-10), the Sooners have gone two straight seasons
watching traditional underdogs enjoy the Fiesta Bowl fruits. Losing to Baylor
would make it three straight.

Yep, parity has come to Middle America. Baylor, K-State and OSU have had long
stretches of futility, but theyâ??ve become sabertooths in recent years.

â??I donâ??t believe there are lesser teams,â? Stoops said. â??I donâ??t believe
itâ??s been that way for quite awhile.â?

Baylor, in particular, is â??right down there in the middle of Texas,â? Stoops
said. â??And they have really good players. Iâ??ve said this for 10 years.
Thereâ??s more and more players out of high school for everybody. With the
(scholarship) restrictions, we can all take so many.

â??Everyone we play has talent and good players. Itâ??s that way around the
country anymore.â?

Which makes it rough on the traditional powers that are accustomed to winning.

Texas knows the feeling. Mack Brown has two Big 12 titles in 16 years. Heck,
Stoops won seven conference titles in 11 seasons, but now his Sooners no longer
dominate.

Part of that is OU talent slippage, no doubt. But part of it is Big 12 talent
upgrades.

The Sooners went 8-0 in Big 12 play in 2000, 2003 and 2004. But they havenâ??t
been unbeaten in conference since. From 2009 through 2011, OU went 5-3, 6-2 and
6-3 in conference play.

Good. Not great. And OU is used to great.

Great is going to be difficult to regain in this age of Big 12 parity.

Berry Tramel: Berry can be reached at (405) 760-8080 or at btramel@opubco.co .
He can be heard Monday through Friday from 4:40-5:20 p.m. on The Sports Animal
radio network, including FM-98.1. You can also view his personality page at
newsok.com/berrytramel.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              617 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 19, 1979, Monday, Final Edition

Advertising Trimming Referral Unit Activities

BYLINE:  By Stuart Auerbach

SECTION:  Metro; Lawyers; B1

LENGTH: 997 words


IN SAN DIEGO, the bar association financed its activities largely from fees
generated by its lawyer referral service, but now that individual lawyers are
advertising cut rates for common legal chores, people have stopped calling the
bar association.

The same unexpected fallout from the Supreme Court decision 20 months ago
allowing lawyer advertising has been seen in other parts of the country, the
American Bar Association's advertising commission reported.

In Dallas, for instance, there has been a 20 percent decline in calls to the bar
association's lawyer referral service between November 1977 and November 1978.
The same is true for Los Angeles, where the ABA commission reported that the
increase in individual lawyer advertising threatens the lawyer referal service,
and in parts of Michigan, where referrals dropped by 1,000 in a year.

This decline worries many lawyers who -- Supreme Court notwithstanding --
believe that allowing individual lawyers to advertise demeans the profession,
and that instead bar associations should sponsor institutional advertising for
lawyer referal services.

The trouble is, these services traditionally benefit the bar association and
lawyers more than the public, who get no real service just the name of the next
lawyer on the list who will charge for his advice.  It is akin to Russian
Roulette, since the caller is just as likely to get a bad lawyer as a good
lawyer, someone who knows nothing about the problem that is bothering him or
someone who is expert in that branch of the law.

The lawyers, on the other hand, get new clients and the bar association gets
referral fees that is can use for such things as maintaining its entire
operation or putting up a new building for itself.  Some bar associations even
get a percentage of contingency fees generated by its referrals -- $15,000 in
one reported instance.

In fact, this fee-generating aspect of bar association activities has awakened
the interest of the Internal Revenue Service, which is conducting an
investigation to see if some bar groups should pay taxes on lawyer referral
service income that benefits the bar instead of the public.

All of this makes the experience of the D.C. Bar's lawyer referral service since
September even more instructive.

While lawyer referral services across the country are losing customers, the D.C.
Bar's phones are ringing off the hook.  The bar has been averaging 1,000 calls a
month until January, traditionally a busy period for lawyers as people get to
legal problems postponed over the Christmas season, when the number jumped to
1,300.

One reason the D.C. Bar's referral service works is its emphasis on public
service.  Unlike most lawyer referral services, only one in four callers is
actually sent to a lawyer.  The rest either get help from the service's trained
staff or are sent to some other agency.

This, of course, cuts down on the legal fees generated by the lawyer referral
service -- hurting the lawyers but helping the public.

Moreover, a caller referred to a lawyer gets a complete rundown on him -- what
his education is, how much experience he has and how much he charges.  This
takes the Russian Roulette out of lawyer referral.

"Only about a dozen other lawyers in the area do that -- those that advertise in
The Washington Post." said Paul V. Carlin, director of the lawyer referral
service.

Every American criminal attorney and police officer knows Miranda.  That's the
case that says accused criminals have to be told of their right to have a lawyer
and remain silent.  Now the Germans are going to learn what Miranda means.

Washington attorney Judah Best, defending an East German accused by a special
U.S. court set up in West Berlin of hijacking a Polish airliner, wants all
statements made by his clients to German prosecutors and American Air Force
investigators suppressed because the East German was not told of his Miranda
rights.

As expected, Best is also calling for the full protection of the U.S.
Constitution for his client -- including trial by jury, though it is unclear how
U.S. authoritities should go about picking an impartial jury in Berlin.

R. Keith Stroup, former director of the National Organization for the Reform of
Marijuana Laws (NORML), has started a law firm with Theodore J. Jacobs, formerly
connected with the President's Task Force for Product Safety, and lawyers in
Atlanta, Chicago, Denver and San Antonio.

Stroup and the out-of-town lawyers will concentrate on defending people accused
of violating drugs laws -- "a never ending procession of people who need help,"
said Stroup, who has been accused of violating a few drug laws himself -- while
Jacobs will build up a traditional administrative-lobbying Washington law
practice.

Stroup represents the trade association of firms that make drug paraphernalia
such as pipes and papers and said he is working on a suit for NORML to stop the
government from using military satellites to spy on drug smugglers.  "We're
going to be a political firm," he said.

Former Bobby Kennedy legislative aide Peter Edelman has gone into practice with
the Washington office of the Milwaukee firm of Foley, Lardner, Hollabaugh &
Jacobs.  He had been director for 3 1/2 years of the New York State Division for
Youth and will specialize in cases involving state and local governments, higher
education and health care -- "the areas I know best."

Short Takes: Washington attorney Arthur W. Leibold Jr. was elected treasurer of
the American Bar Association... John McElroy Atkisson, former counsel to the
House subcommittee on oversight, has joined White, Fine & Verville... Anita
Johnson has left the Environmental Defense Fund to work for the Justice
Department in the consumer section of the antitrust division... Gus B. Bauman
has become litigation counsel for the National Association of Home Builders.  He
had been with the Maryland-National Capital Planning Commission.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1979 The Washington Post


                              618 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                           February 13, 2014 Thursday

Gay-marriage backers win in Kentucky

SECTION: NEWS; World

LENGTH: 907 words


LOUISVILLE, Kentucky (AP) A federal judge ruled Wednesday that Kentucky must
recognize same-sex marriages performed in other states, part of an unprecedented
barrage of marriage-equality lawsuits in states where voters have overwhelmingly
opposed recognition of gay and lesbian couples.

U.S. District Judge John G. Heyburn II struck down part of the gay-marriage ban
that Kentuckians had approved in 2004, saying it treated gays and lesbians "in a
way that demeans them."

"Assigning a religious or traditional rationale for a law does not make it
constitutional when that law discriminates against a class of people without
other reasons," wrote Heyburn, an appointee of Republican President George H.W.
Bush.

His decision coincided with legal attacks Wednesday on gay-marriage bans in
three other socially conservative states Texas, Louisiana and Missouri and was
issued just a few weeks after federal judges in Utah and Oklahoma struck down
the voter-approved bans in those states.

According to the advocacy group Freedom to Marry, there are now 45 pending
marriage-equality cases in 24 of the 33 states that do not allow same-sex
marriage. Seventeen states and the District of Columbia have legalized such
unions, while three other states Colorado, Nevada and Oregon grant marriage-like
rights though civil unions or domestic partnerships.

The stage for the current wave of litigation was set by the U.S. Supreme Court
last June, when it ordered the federal government to recognize valid same-sex
marriages, but stopped short of striking down state laws banning them.
Gay-rights activists hope that one or more of the lawsuits filed since June or
planned for the near future will reach the high court and lead to nationwide
legalization.

"One of the 40-plus ongoing cases, or even some other one, could conceivably
reach the Supreme Court as soon as 2015, or within a few years later, so the
clock is ticking," said Freedom to Marry president Evan Wolfson.

"The aim is not just to get to the Supreme Court, but to win when we get there,"
Wolfson said.

The Kentucky decision came in lawsuits brought by four gay and lesbian couples
seeking to force the state to recognize their out-of-state marriages.

The ruling only requires Kentucky to recognize such marriages. It does not deal
with the question of whether the state can be required to issue marriage
licenses to same-sex couples; that issue wasn"t brought up in the lawsuits.

The ruling drew the ire of religious leaders who said Heyburn"s decision takes
away Kentucky"s right to determine its policies regarding marriage.

Paul Chitwood of the Kentucky Baptist Convention, the state"s largest religious
organization with 750,000 members, called the ruling "tragic and disappointing."

"This decision moves us down the slippery slope toward launching Kentucky into
moral chaos and depriving children of their innate need of both a father and a
mother," Chitwood said.

Among the developments elsewhere:

In Texas, a lawyer representing the state asked a federal judge to reject pleas
from two gay couples to suspend the state constitution"s definition of marriage
as between one man and one woman.

Mike Murphy, an assistant solicitor general, told District Judge Orlando Garcia
that if he lifted the voter-approved ban on gay marriage, he would be injecting
himself into a social and political debate that should be left to lawmakers.

"These questions are political questions, not constitutional rights," Murphy
told the court. "Same-sex marriage is not included in the fundamental right of
marriage ... it is a more recent innovation than Facebook."

Garcia was considering a request by two couples for a temporary ruling that
would immediately lift the Texas gay-marriage ban pending a trial later. Garcia
did not immediately rule or indicate when he might release a written decision
but predicted the case, or a similar one in another state, will reach the
Supreme Court.

The case is the first of its kind in Texas, and in the conservative 5th U.S.
Circuit Court of Appeals.

Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott, a Republican running for governor, opposes
legalizing gay marriage and has vowed to defend the law.

Attorneys general in other states have taken mixed approaches to court
challenges to bans on gay marriage. Utah and Oklahoma are fighting rulings
lifting their bans, while in Nevada and Virginia, attorneys general have chosen
not to defend them.

In Missouri and Louisiana, gay-rights advocates filed lawsuits similar to those
in the Kentucky case, seeking to force the states to recognize same-sex
marriages performed in places that allow them.

The Missouri lawsuit was filed by the American Civil Liberties Union in a Kansas
City state court on behalf of eight same-sex couples who live in Missouri and
were married elsewhere.

The Louisiana suit was filed in federal court by a state gay-rights group, the
Forum for Equality Louisiana, on behalf of four gay couples. It says state
revenue department policy essentially requires married same-sex couples who file
joint federal tax returns to falsely claim they are single on state returns a
violation, the Forum says, of free speech.

The lawsuit also challenges the state"s refusal to recognize both members of a
same-sex union as parents of a child born to them or adopted.

___

Crary reported from New York. Associated Press writers Chris Tomlinson in San
Antonio, Jim Salter in St. Louis and Janet McConnaughey in New Orleans
contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              619 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            April 16, 2011 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Responding to Bryant With a Call for Responsibility

BYLINE: By JOHN AMAECHI

SECTION: Section D; Column 0; Sports Desk; OFF THE DRIBBLE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1045 words


After Los Angeles Lakers guard Kobe Bryant directed an antigay slur at a referee
Tuesday night from the bench in a game against the Phoenix Suns, the N.B.A.
fined him $100,000. Bryant has apologized, saying his words should not have been
taken literally. He said he would appeal the fine.

Kobe Bryant isn't some great, bigoted monster, as some have implied, but he
isn't the innocent victim of some overblown one-off incident about a word that's
''not even that bad,'' either.

This controversy is not a storm in a teacup turned into a vendetta by loony
liberals, as many in the sports world seem to think. What our heroes say and do
means something - and in an America where sports stars carry more influence and
in some cases more credibility than senators, what they say matters more than
ever.

When someone with the status of Kobe Bryant, arguably the best basketball player
in a generation, hurls that antigay slur at a referee or anyone else - let's
call it the F-word - he is telling boys, men and anyone watching that when you
are frustrated, when you are as angry as can be, the best way to demean and
denigrate a person, even one in a position of power, is to make it clear that
you think he is not a real man, but something less.

I challenge you to freeze-frame Bryant's face in that moment of conflict with
the referee Bennie Adams. Really examine the loathing and utter contempt, and
realize this is something with which almost every lesbian, gay, bisexual and
transgender person is familiar. That is the sentiment people face in middle and
high schools, in places of worship, work and even in their own homes across the
United States.

Right now in America young people are being killed and killing themselves simply
because of the words and behaviors they are subjected to for being perceived as
lesbian or gay, or frankly just different. This is not an indictment of the
individuals suffocated by their mistreatment, it is an indication of the power
of that word, and others like it, to brutalize and dehumanize. This F-word,
which so many people seem to think is no big deal, is the postscript to too many
of those lives cut short.

As for the original apology, I am amazed that people still think apologizing in
such a way as to make it clear that it was the victims who misunderstood is
acceptable. I had hoped that the sorry-if-you-are-oversensitive school of
apology would by now have been thoroughly discredited.

Many people balk when L.G.B.T. people, even black ones, suggest that the power
and vitriol behind another awful slur - the N-word - is no different from the
word used by Kobe. I make no attempt at an analogy between the historical civil
rights struggle for blacks in the United States with the current human rights
struggle for L.G.B.T. people, but I can say that I am frequently called both,
and the indignation, anger and at times resignation that course through my body
are no greater or less for either. I know with both words the intent is to let
me know that no matter how big, how accomplished, philanthropic or wise I may
become, to them I am not even human.

I am tired of people having this debate about the relative impact of pejorative
words on their target minority group. If injustice anywhere is a threat to
justice everywhere, then the relative power of an antigay gay slur is
irrelevant, it is simply a threat to human dignity, and that should appall us
all.

I don't think Kobe Bryant is some vicious homophobe, but I do think he made a
mistake and has sounded more like a squirming politician than a national hero
since the incident came to light. When you know that people hang on your every
word, you should take more responsibility when the wrong words spill out in
anger. When you understand that people treat you like a god, you should endeavor
to be more benevolent when you exceed expectations and more contrite when you
let people down.

I started playing basketball at age 17 in the United Kingdom. I went from the
fat child who hid in the corner of the library to starting in the N.B.A. six
years later. Despite my efforts, I couldn't hold a candle to Kobe, but even with
my limited prominence, I always knew two things: I was always under scrutiny and
what I did and said mattered more because of that.

Kobe, stop fighting the fine. You spoke ill-advised words that shot out like
bullets, and if the e-mails I received from straight and gay young people and
sports fans in Los Angeles alone are anything to go by, you did serious damage
with your outburst.

A young man from a Los Angeles public school e-mailed me. You are his idol. He
is playing up, on the varsity team, he has your posters all over his room, and
he hopes one day to play in college and then in the N.B.A. with you. He used to
fall asleep with images of passing you the ball to sink a game-winning shot. He
watched every game you played this season on television, but this week he feels
less safe and less positive about himself because he stared adoringly into your
face as you said the word that haunts him in school every single day.

Kobe, stop fighting the fine. Use that money and your influence to set a new
tone that tells sports fans, boys, men and the society that looks up to you that
the word you said in anger is not O.K., not ever. Too many athletes take the
trappings of their hard-earned success and leave no tangible legacy apart from
''that shot'' or ''that special game.''

Kobe Bryant is powerful enough to make an important change in the way we look at
real equality in sports and in general. Kobe is one of sport's heroes, one of
sport's gods, and I hope it's not too much to ask for the occasional good deed
worthy of those titles.

John Amaechi, a journeyman center, played for the Cleveland Cavaliers, the
Orlando Magic and the Utah Jazz before leaving the N.B.A. in 2003. Four years
later, he became the first N.B.A. player to acknowledge that he is gay. He wrote
''Man in the Middle,'' a book about his difficult journey from an overweight,
British bookworm to N.B.A. player while struggling to understand his sexuality
in a masculine-driven sports culture. He now works as a psychologist, educator
and social entrepreneur in the United States and Europe.

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: John Amaechi said Kobe Bryant shouldn't fight the fine imposed
for his use of an antigay slur. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY CHRIS GOODNEY/BLOOMBERG NEWS
 LUCY NICHOLSON/REUTERS)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Web Log

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                              620 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              WALL STREET JOURNAL

                             June 15, 1993, Tuesday

COLLECTIVE BARGAINING FOR DOCTORS SPARKS CONTENTION AT AMA ANNUAL CONVENTION

BYLINE: BY GEORGE ANDERS

SECTION: Section B; Page 6, Column 1

LENGTH: 60 words


Doctor groups from California and six New England states have proposed in formal
resolutions that the AMA endorse collective bargaining; insiders say that
opponents to the proposals worry that patient care would suffer in event of a
strike and that collective bargaining would demean their profession (M)

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

              Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              621 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           February 24, 1987 Tuesday

HOCKEY   Interest extends to press   NHL pools overflowing

BYLINE: AL STRACHAN; GAM

LENGTH: 722 words


AL STRACHAN
  Ten years ago, a fan who had a chance, no matter how brief, to express
his feelings to a National Hockey League player, usually did so.

He might insult the player or encourage him. He might demean his team
or demand an autograph. But whatever words the fan uttered, you could rest
assured that "pool" would not be one of them.

Not any more. "I get more abuse over pools than anything else," said
the Winnipeg Jets' Paul MacLean. "They're always shouting, 'I've got you
in my pool. Why don't you do something?' I tell them, 'Hey, I don't get a
percentage if you win. That's your problem.' "
   "There's an awful lot of interest in them," agreed the Chicago
Blackhawks' Doug Wilson. "It seems that everybody you talk to is in a
pool."

The players have become so aware of the existence of pools that they're
even suspicious of routine questions from journalists. In the exhibition
season, an established hockey writer asked the Los Angeles Kings' Jimmy
Fox what kind of season he was anticipating.

"Oh, it's pool time again is it?" asked Fox. "Well, I think you can
count on me for something in the 70-to 80-point range."

And to be fair to Fox, he had analyzed the situation correctly. Pools
are even making their presence felt in the press boxes of the nation.

Many years ago, cheering in the press box was common. Then, as sports
writers became more professional, cheering became limited to the radio
representatives. But now, when the occasional press-box cheer is heard, it
is acceptable as long as the verbal support is for a player and not for a
team. "I've got him in my pool," the writer explains.

It is not surprising that writers should be involved in pools. After
all, they work in an office - and if there's a decent-sized office in this
country that doesn't have a hockey pool, it must be staffed completely by
non-Canadians.

Also, sports writers are favorite targets of people who want "inside"
information for their pools, especially in October and March. If you
didn't do so well with your October picks for the regular season, there's
usually a playoff pool being organized in late March.

For those who can't get enough pool action at the office, there are
often neighborhood pools at a local tavern or even the biggest large-scale
pool in the country, the Saskatchewan NHL Hockey Draft with a first-place
prize of $25,000.

In some cities, there are published tip sheets that list the statistics
of relevant - and some irrelevant - players and hints on suitable
strategies for hockey-pool success. One of the Toronto papers has even
recently begun, as a regular feature, a column devoted exclusively to
hockey pools.

"It's unbelievable how many calls we get," said Gary Meagher of the
NHL's Montreal office. "Everyone's right up front about it. They say they
want the information for their hockey pool and they've got big money on
the line.

"They must be pretty in-depth, some of them. We get guys calling the
morning after a game. I always thought these things worked on a quarterly
basis or something like that, but some of them must be weekly."

For the most part, the callers are simply looking for specific
information that, for one reason or another, they've been unable to get
elsewhere. "They usually just want to know statistics and to straighten
out discrepancies," said Meagher. "Sometimes, the Globe will publish
something and the Star will publish something different."

But the glitches in the newspapers aren't the only reason the pool
addicts call the NHL, Meagher said. "Sometimes they'll be watching a game
and one of their guys isn't credited with an assist and they can't believe
it.

"Or they might want to know what's the matter with so-and-so. They'll
ask, 'Where is he? What's he doing? I noticed he hasn't scored a point in
the past three weeks or so but he still appears in the stats. Is he hurt?'
   Meagher can attest to the fact that pools are not a regional
phenomenon. "They're not shy. They call from all over, not just from
Montreal. We get calls from Vancouver, Saskatoon, Ottawa, Toronto. They
call all the time. It's unbelievable how many calls we get."

Personally, I can't understand all the fuss about pools. But if Neal
Broten hadn't been hurt and if Mike Bullard hadn't been pulled off Mario
Lemieux's line and then traded, I probably could. And, for that matter, it
would be nice if Jimmy Fox was anywhere near the 70-point plateau.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1987 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              622 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 23, 1997, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Lectures on Responsibility Won't Help Addicts;
Acceptance Required

SECTION: Section 4; Page 14; Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 125 words



To the Editor:

The politics of fear offered by Kevin Wm. Wildes in warning against expanding
government authority over individuals and corporations (Op-Ed, Nov. 20) does not
alter the fact that physical dependence is a disease. He seeks to demean the
problem of addiction by asserting that the term addict "shifts responsibility
away from the individual." Nothing could be further from the truth.

The success of 12-step programs like Alcoholics Anonymous is based upon members'
acceptance of their addiction, and on the responsibility the alcoholic (like the
smoker) must assume for the life changes he or she needs to make. Calling it
something else will not help those who need help.

STEPHEN Z. FRIEDMAN
Brooklyn, Nov. 20, 1997

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              623 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 21, 2014 Tuesday

West Virginia: West Virginia University President Gordon Gee today (Oct. 20)
sent the following letter to the entire WVU community: - See more at:
http://wvutoday.wvu.edu/n/2014/10/20/president-gee-to-wvu-community-time-to-take
-our-university-back#sthash.OJpJ6ST3.dpuf

LENGTH: 882  words

DATELINE: Charleston


West Virginia University, The state of West Virginia has issued the following
news release:

Today I met with the chiefs of police from Morgantown and the University, along
with fire officials, the city manager, and West Virginia University and student
leaders concerning the unacceptable and destructive behavior that occurred
Saturday night following our football team's outstanding win over a
highly-ranked Baylor team.

We all are extremely disappointed, frustrated and angry that a minority of
students, and others who joined in, diverted the attention from the team's
achievement to inexcusable and lawless actions.

This is not how Mountaineers behave. And we will not condone such behavior by
allowing individuals to remain on our campus who demean the reputation and
achievements of our faculty, staff, students, alumni and community.

Let me be clear: This is criminal behavior and individuals involved in setting
fires, overturning trash bins or throwing objects at first responders WILL be
held accountable. There is zero tolerance for this type of criminal and unruly
behavior. Our Student Code of Conduct is clear on these matters and so is the
law. We currently are reviewing the arrest records, as well as the videos and
social media posts, to identify students involved. For those identified as
participating in criminal activities, we will take swift and immediate
disciplinary action - and for many, that will result in expulsion from this
institution.

University and City Police are also encouraging anyone who can further identify
any individual who was criminal or reckless to share that information with them,
along with any social postings or photos by calling 304.293.COPS.

Let me state again that participation in criminal activities will result in
immediate consequences. We will have zero tolerance for such behavior. But as we
deal with the situation at hand, we also must look and move forward.

As Mountaineers, all of us MUST insist on a safe, healthy environment in and out
of the classroom for our students. To do this, we must change the culture of
West Virginia University. We must collectively - students, faculty, staff,
alumni and fans - reject the reputation of our past and instill and embrace the
reputation that is our future. And to do that, we must do four things.

First, we must engage students as our partners. Most were equally outraged and
concerned at the actions of Saturday night - actions that do not accurately
represent the student body as a whole. We have bright, capable student leaders
on our campus who can help inform University leadership how to implement
effective change. Today I met with many of our student leaders and they have
been charged with creating solutions that will positively affect the culture at
West Virginia University. We need and value their leadership.

Second, we will expect everyone to take personal responsibility for their
actions. From students to alumni to fans, those who celebrate irresponsibly
affect not only their futures, but also the future of this University and its
reputation on a national scale. Those students who act in criminal behavior will
be removed from this institution. Others who act irresponsibly will face
disciplinary measures. As a member of the West Virginia University family, each
one of us represents this institution. I ask that you remember that your actions
reflect upon this University and its reputation. Let us each always put our best
foot forward - and help remind others to do the same.

Third, we will continue to examine the national crisis of alcohol abuse among
our young people. The University has many programs and activities in place to
support our students, and those must continue. We must also continue to work
with our city leaders to make this a community-wide partnership in caring for
the health and well-being of our students and community. The issue of underage
drinking and abusive behavior is a broad and challenging one. But in a spirit of
cooperation, we can begin to create the necessary conversations and partnerships
that will have a positive impact on our students and our community as a whole.

And fourth, our Mountaineer family needs to envision our future as an
institution. We need to support this institution in our words and in our
actions. Your input as to strategies we can implement to take this institution
to a level of eminence is critical. I am proud to report that on Sunday our
students started a social media campaign centered around being a respectful
Mountaineer (#Respectful Mountaineer). I have been impressed with the response,
but we need to do more. I encourage you to send me your thoughts and ideas as to
how we as a campus community can actively support the change needed to help West
Virginia University rise.

And that is what we will do: we will rise above this. Just as our fine football
players and coaches did on Saturday to accomplish a truly electric and
spectacular moment in our team's history, we will work together to raise this
institution and our community to a new level.
- See more at:
http://wvutoday.wvu.edu/n/2014/10/20/president-gee-to-wvu-community-time-to-take
-our-university-back#sthash.OJpJ6ST3.dpuf

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              624 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             July 28, 2011 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Should Polygamists Be Left Alone?

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; LETTERS; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 543 words


To the Editor:

Re ''One Big, Happy Polygamous Family,'' by Jonathan Turley (Op-Ed, July 21):

Polygamous marriages always demean women and set a terrible example for
children. That fact is so widely acknowledged that it has become part of our
social contract, and Americans should have no qualms about removing children
from polygamous households in the same way that we have no qualms about removing
children from homes where the parents are heroin junkies.

It doesn't matter that the parents are consenting adults -- the situation harms
children, and it is in their best interest and ours to separate them from that
environment.

Up to a point I agree with Mr. Turley that the state has no business interfering
in the personal affairs of consenting adults, but when there are children
involved, the state has a responsibility to protect.

SETH BULLARD Lexington, Va., July 21, 2011

To the Editor:

Jonathan Turley implies that polygamy is a victimless crime. In fact, polygamy
could have the same effect on society that selective abortion of girl fetuses
has. In China, where selective abortion is rampant, researchers reported that
the Chinese government was concerned ''about the consequences of large numbers
of excess men for social stability and security,'' according to a 2009 Times
article.

And in a polygamous community of southern Utah, teenage boys were frequently
banished on various pretexts, in a phenomenon that is undoubtedly partly driven
by the mathematics of polygamy, according to a 2007 Times article.

DAVID C. HOLZMAN Lexington, Mass., July 21, 2011

To the Editor:

The growing legal acceptance of same-sex marriage leads to the inevitable
question raised by Jonathan Turley in relation to polygamous marriage: What is
the public purpose served by empowering a government to sanction or regulate in
any way a relationship that is formed by consenting adults whose sole violation
of the law consists of violation of the marriage statutes?

In my view, the claim that legal recognition of marriage is, in itself,
beneficial is questionable. The question of equal rights would vanish if the
state would get out of the marriage game. As Professor Turley notes, the common
interest is to be left alone.

FRED GORNICK New York, July 22, 2011

To the Editor:

I respect Jonathan Turley, but he is way off base in defending polygamy as ''the
right to live your life according to your values and faith.''

Polygamy amounts to female child abuse. Girls are ''given'' to men at a young
age, generally with minimal education. The husbands don't believe in family
planning, of course, so the girls become pregnant early and often. The husband
makes the decisions about the number of wives in the household, and about every
other aspect of their lives.

This is not ''the right to live your life.'' The men have rights, but not the
girls. The girls are chattel. They are brainwashed, uneducated and mothers while
in their teens. They have no choices and no rights -- despite what the
girls/women themselves recount.

CAROL KRAINES Deerfield, Ill., July 21, 2011

To the Editor:

If Kody Brown and his four wives just want ''the right to be left alone as
consenting adults,'' then why are they broadcasting their private relationships
on reality TV?

THEA ANDERSON Boston, July 21, 2011

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWING (DRAWING BY TOPOS GRAPHICS)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                              625 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          October 23, 1991, Wednesday

THE BRAVES, THE CHOP' AND THE INDIANS; The view from Georgia; Why this fuss over
a baseball team and its fans?

SECTION: EDITORIAL; SECTION A; PAGE 13

LENGTH: 618 words


. . . The American Indian Movement has somewhat discredited itself with its
response. Sports teams are not named to insult people. They are not negative
influences, seeking to demean anyone.

The very nature of such a contention for defining prejudice . . ., insults the
intelligence of those who willfully wish to express good- natured enthusiasm and
proclaims a level of arrogance by elevating the AIM to absolute authority on
Native-American perspectives.

No culture should have the right to exclusively dictate the matephorical use of
signs associated with itself. The borrowing of specific symbols, especially when
there is no malice intended, is surely part of our freedom of speech.

The inability to cope with such instances of cultural symbolic exchanges suggest
a behavioral trait that would be considered neurotic in other circumstances.

W. KEITH BEASON, Conyers

. . . As an American who feels we owe so much to our native Indians, I feel that
none of the celebrations being done in Atlanta are meant to be disrespectful.

If anything, we are remembering this area's settling sons, the Cherokee Indians.

PATTI M. STEWART, Woodstock

This is one Georgian's response to the controversy.

Point 1: In response to the sign held up by a protester in Minneapolis asking,
"What are you teaching your children, Atlanta?," my daughter, aged 9, informed
me a few weeks ago that the tomahawk was originally used as a tool by
Native-American tribes - an everyday tool for digging and chopping.

I asked her when this use changed. She replied that its more violent uses were
introduced to the Indians by European settlers. And where did she learn this?
Right here in backward Georgia - her fifth-grade class began the school year
with a unit on Native-American peoples.

One of the projects involved was a skit about the Sequoyah inventing the
Cherokee alphabet. That is what we are teaching our children.

Where were the protesters when the Braves were in the cellar? Call me a cynic,
but it comes awfully close to looking like some easy publicity from this angle.

There have to be more important issues confronting Native Americans than a
baseball team and its fans.

KRISTE KLINE Lawrenceville

. . . Use the energies spent on being angry about a sports team's name to help
your situation in the world. Press forward for educating your children in all
facets of living, for taking your proper place in this country, for raising your
standard of living. Educate your fellow Americans about Native Americans. Don't
accept putdowns when they are real, but don't take offense when none is there.

DEBORAH A. LEE, Roswell

With regard to Carl Rowan's Oct. 17 column, "Spare me the tomahawk chop' furor,"
all I see is tremendous insensitivity and hypocrisy. How can a man with his
record voice his support for mascot images that perpetuate racial epithets and
stereotypes?

He endorses the Braves, the "Fighting Irish" and even the Redskins, which is a
very derogatory term that promotes the stigma of Native Americans as savages.

Would Mr. Rowan object to the nation's capital having a team called the
"Fighting Blacksinned Congo Warriors?" Does Mr. Rowan consider his work complete
when only negative images of African-Americans are removed from society?

DAVID A. DOWNS, Stockbridge

This business . . . is ridiculous. If Ted Turner is persuaded to rename the
Braves, how about the "Atlanta Honkies" or the "Fighting Heterogenuous Ethnics"?
Hey, I'd be honored.

DAVID H. HUNTER, Athens

I suspect that if the original Americans were alive today, they'd be at the
stadium, yelling and screaming, doing the "chop," eating hot dogs.

-DON CARTER, Atlanta

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                              626 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                             August 21, 2016 Sunday

THE SUNDAY NOTEBOOK: For Dean Tran, criticism came after his vote

BYLINE: Sentinel & Enterprise

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 1693 words


AFTER A controversial Fitchburg City Council vote on Thursday evening, Councilor
Dean Tran was the only member of the council not yelled and sworn at by members
of the public -- but fellow councilors weren't as happy with him as voters were,
Tran said.

Tran was the only vote in opposition to finalizing the creation of a commercial
recreational overlay district in West Fitchburg. The nine other councilors
present voted in favor of finalizing their July vote to create the district,
opening the door for development of a proposed soccer facility on Westminster
Hill Road.

West Fitchburg residents thanked Tran for his vote opposing the overlay
district, but Tran said other councilors were not appreciative at all.

"Certain councilors are giving me a hard time because I didn't vote with them,"
he said, "but they didn't get me elected."

Tran later posted on Facebook about being "verbally attacked" by another
councilor.

"I never berate, demean, degrade or disrespect another elected official on their
votes," he wrote. "I believe every elected official is entitled to his or her
vote. Unfortunately, not everyone shares the same values. After tonight's
meeting, another official, who was appointed and not elected, stopped and not
just verbally attacked but also threatened me because my vote was different from
his. He couldn't accept that I was being consistent with my vote and stance. I
don't tow any line."

Tran said he understood how West Fitchburg residents feel, because "they live
there, so they're invested."

FITCHBURG MAYOR Stephen DiNatale has now publicly declared his opposition to
Massachusetts Ballot Question 2 in the form of a letter written with seven other
mayors this week.

DiNatale, who repeatedly spoke out against a second charter school in Fitchburg
when he was a state representative, signed a letter last week opposing a
television ad in favor of Question 2, which would raise the state cap on the
number of charters in Massachusetts.

The television ad claims Question 2 would "result in more funding for public
schools," but the letter signed by 11 elected officials says this is false.

"If this were true, local elected officials from around the state would be
lining up to endorse this ballot question," said the letter. "Question 2 does
not contain one single word about additional funding for education."

The letter goes on to say: "Question 2 threatens to take billions of dollars
from our local public school districts over the next decade alone," and requests
the pro-Question 2 group to stop airing the ad.

The letter was also signed by Easthampton Mayor Karen Cadieux, Brockton Mayor
Bill Carpenter, Boston City Councilor Tito Jackson, New Bedford Mayor Jon
Mitchell, Medford Mayor Stephanie Muccini Burke, Northampton Mayor David
Narkewicz, Plymouth County Treasurer Tom O'Brien, Boston City Councilor Matt
O'Malley, Worcester Mayor Joseph Petty and Lawrence Mayor Dan Rivera.

WITH THE technology available today to monitor web traffic, editors and staff
writers of the Sentinel & Enterprise watch who is reading what in real time on
www.sentinelandenterprise.com . On Friday, at a little past 3 p.m., the S&E
website experienced a spike in traffic. The increased traffic was people around
the country reading several stories about Daniel J. LaPlante.

Many remember LaPlante as the teenager who brutally murdered a mother and
drowned her two children in Townsend in 1987. For those horrific crimes,
LaPlante was sentenced to life in prison without parole.

We began to question what had caused the spike in traffic about an old story,
and one that most people around here would just as soon forget.

After some digging, we determined that the Investigation Discovery television
channel was broadcasting a "Your Worst Nightmare" marathon, which started at 2
p.m. During the 3 p.m. episode, "Bump in the Night," which began at 3 p.m.,
LaPlante's disturbing crimes were detailed.

STATE REPRESENTATIVE hopeful Natalie Higgins received another two endorsements
to her campaign to represent the 4th Worcester District last week.

In an Aug. 14 statement, members of the Massachusetts Organizations of State
Engineers and Scientists wrote they were supporting Higgins because they believe
she would be "a strong voice for the working people of the 4th Worcester
District."

"The Massachusetts Organization of State Engineers and Scientists' Legislative
Committee is proud to endorse a candidate like Natalie Higgins who values the
work of thousands of MOSES members whose public service greatly contributes to
the quality of life in Leominster and the commonwealth as a whole," said MOSES
Legislative Director Robert Oftring.

Also throwing in their support for Higgins are members of the health-care reform
advocacy group Today Mass-Care.

"Natalie is a young, smart candidate that understands the public policies that
are raising costs, lowering quality and limiting access to healthcare across the
Commonwealth," said Executive Director Ture Turnbull.

Higgins faces Leominster City Councilor Richard Marchand in the Sept. 8
Democratic primary.

THIS AUGUST, summer showers have been as scarce as lawmakers on Beacon Hill.

After their late-July cram session, House and Senate members have mostly avoided
the Capitol, soaking up the increasingly parched land in their local districts.

As Gov. Charlie Baker and others raised the alarm about the lack of rain and its
detrimental impact on strawberries and other local crops, the third branch of
government cut off a means of financing gas supplies to the Bay State.

Robert Cordy, who spent his final day as a Supreme Judicial Court justice on
Friday, left behind a rebuke of the Baker administration's plan for financing
new natural-gas pipelines into the state.

Wednesday's decision effectively squeezes shut the flow of dollars that might
have been earmarked from consumer utility bills for pipeline projects, a valve
the Department of Public Utilities opened up last October.

"The department's interpretation of the statute as permitting electric
distribution companies to shift the entire risk of the investment to the
ratepayers is unreasonable, as it is precisely this type of shift that the
Legislature sought to preclude through" a 1997 law somewhat deregulating the
market, Cordy wrote.

Only one legislative branch -- the Senate -- actively sought to close off that
funding source through this year's omnibus energy bill, which seeks greater
reliance on imported hydropower and offshore wind.

The decision was cheered by environmental activists who want a sharp shift away
from greenhouse gas-emitting fuels -- even the relatively clean combo of
methane, ethane, propane, and butane that makes up natural gas. The legal
challenges were made by the environmental group Conservation Law Foundation and
Engie Gas & LNG, a French company hoping to keep supplying the area with
liquefied natural gas via its affiliate Distrigas of Massachusetts.

Algonquin Gas, sponsor of the Access Northeast pipeline, said the decision would
leave power plants without enough gas capacity during the depths of winter, when
radiators and hot-water heaters use it up -- an ongoing problem solved in recent
years by creating voltage with oil-fired turbines, a dirtier means of
electricity production.

ELECTIONS HAVE been more top of mind last week. House and Senate Republican
leaders expressed some dissatisfaction with their party's presidential nominee,
Donald Trump, declining to say whether they would vote for him.

The loquacious Senate minority leader, Gloucester Republican Bruce Tarr, was
uncharacteristically mum on the subject, saying he was "not going to immerse
myself in a divisive presidential election quite yet."

Meanwhile, one of Tarr's predecessors, Brian Lees, said he would not vote for
Trump and was even considering a vote for Democrat Hillary Clinton or the
Libertarian Party ticket.

U.S. Sen. Elizabeth Warren opted not to tell WBZ-TV viewers Sunday whether she
would seek re-election in two years, and said she "can't imagine" leaving her
post to join the administration if Clinton is elected. Former Red Sox ace Curt
Schilling called Warren a "nightmare" on WRKO on Monday, and said he could
imagine challenging her in 2018, as he hopes to be "one of the people
responsible for getting Elizabeth Warren out of politics."

Schilling knew how to record outs in October while wearing a Red Sox uniform.
Time will tell if he still has his fastball, or is even on the playing field in
the November 2018 Senate contest. Four years ago, Warren won a race against
Scott Brown, a rising Republican star, incumbent senator and accomplished
triathlete.

DESPITE SOME suffocatingly hot humid weather this summer, an unprecedented 16.8
percent of the state is experiencing an "extreme" drought, robbing crops of a
crucial ingredient in photosynthesis and putting a dent on drinking water
supplies.

"We have not yet reached the point where demand for water exceeds supply in
significant ways, but we are doing worst-case scenario planning," Massachusetts
Emergency Management Agency Director Kurt Schwartz said at an event Thursday in
North Andover.

Baker joined Schwartz and others at Smolak Farms, inspecting strawberry plants
one sixth their normal height, while farmers elsewhere reported a dearth of
peaches, and hours spent hand-watering blueberries and raspberries.

Just as New England fishermen received federal aid following a precipitous drop
in cod assessments a couple years ago, the state could petition the feds for
relief if the state experiences a measurable 30 percent crop-loss.

Some good news on the drought front: A fire in the Blue Hills Reservation that
started Aug. 7, burning about 8 to 10 inches below ground in the
drought-stressed soil, was out as of Thursday after burning some two acres,
according to the Department of Conservation and Recreation Forest Fire Control.

STORY OF THE WEEK: As the drought extends and grows worse, the problem becomes
more urgent for farmers, gardeners and policymakers.

Contributors to the Sunday Notebook included Sentinel & Enterprise staffers,
Anna Burgess, Peter Jasinski, Joe Atmonavage, City Editor Cliff Clark and State
House News Service reporter Andy Metzger.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Michael Smolak, left, owner of Smolak Farms in North Andover, on
Thursday showed Gov. Charlie Baker and Energy and Environmental Affairs
Secretary Matthew Beaton how the drought has affected his strawberry plants,
which he says should be about a foot high.STATE HOUSE NEWS PHOTO / Antonio Caban
Sentinel and Enterprise staff photos can be ordered by visiting our SmugMug
site.
Michael Smolak, left, owner of Smolak Farms in North Andover, on Thursday showed
Gov. Charlie Baker and Energy and Environmental Affairs Secretary Matthew Beaton
how the drought has affected his strawberry plants, which he says should be
about a foot high.STATE HOUSE NEWS PHOTO / Antonio Caban Sentinel and Enterprise
staff photos can be ordered by visiting our SmugMug site.
Marchand Sentinel and Enterprise staff photos can be ordered by visiting our
SmugMug site.
Higgins Sentinel and Enterprise staff photos can be ordered by visiting our
SmugMug site.
DiNatale Sentinel and Enterprise staff photos can be ordered by visiting our
SmugMug site.
Tran Sentinel and Enterprise staff photos can be ordered by visiting our SmugMug
site.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              627 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 7, 1997, Monday, Late Edition - Final

BASEBALL;
Mets Find a Pitcher, but a Cloud Is Over Harnisch

BYLINE: By BUSTER OLNEY

SECTION: Section C; Page 1; Column 2; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 1197 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO, April 6


Mets Manager Bobby Valentine does not particularly like team meetings, but he
had ample reason for the gathering that took place before today's game with the
Giants. The Mets had won only one of their first five games, the bullpen was in
ruins, and before the game, Pete Harnisch was scratched from his scheduled start
and went back to New York for psychological and physical evaluations.

In so many words, Valentine told his players, don't worry about that stuff. Just
play hard. The Mets, heeding his advice, jumped on San Francisco for three runs
in the first inning, and Harnisch's replacement, the Class AAA escapee Brian
Bohanon, shocked everybody by pitching seven strong innings in a 4-2 victory.
John Franco pitched the ninth inning for a save, although the last outs did not
come easily. Nothing will come easily for this team -- that much is apparent.

And nothing is going well for Harnisch, who is suffering from a crisis of
confidence that may be related to the sleeplessness and anxiety he has suffered
since his recent efforts to quit using smokeless tobacco.

"It's either systemic or psychological," said Mets General Manager Joe
McIlvaine, "or a combination of the two. We just don't know. I'm not a doctor. I
think he's scared, and that is in no way intended to demean him. I think it's a
residual effect from spring training. It's almost a little bit like battle
fatigue."

Valentine did not tell Bohanon he was starting until two hours before today's
game, and, at first, the left-hander thought Valentine was joking. Bohanon had
not started a game since August 1995. He had not thrown more than two innings at
a time all spring. He had just been called up from Norfolk, to replace the
injured reliever Yorkis Perez, and did not arrive in San Francisco until 1:30
A.M. today.

Valentine was not sure what to expect, but he was prepared for Bohanon to pitch
no more than three innings. But Bohanon, feeling physically strong and rested --
he had pitched only one inning since March 30 -- gave up a single run in the
first and then retired the Giants in order in the second and third. After each
inning, Valentine and the Mets' pitching coach, Bob Apodaca, asked Bohanon how
he felt; fine, fine, he would answer, and he continued. At one point, he retired
15 straight hitters, and the Mets led, 3-1, after seven innings.

Bohanon walked Rick Wilkins leading off the eighth, and Apodaca called for
reliever Greg McMichael. Bohanon, cut from the team on the final day of spring
training when the Mets claimed Perez off waivers, descended the dugout steps
into an ocean of ecstatic and thankful teammates. "He can do a little 'I told
you so' to me," Valentine said. "He basically did make the team out of spring
training."

McMichael promptly gave up a run-scoring double to pinch-hitter Damon Berryhill.
Berryhill, though, pulled up lame while foolishly trying to stretch his hit into
a triple, stifling the rally. The Mets scored a run in the top of the ninth, on
Alex Ochoa's double, and Franco came on for the bottom of the inning.

Glenallen Hill lifted a high pop, but second baseman Manny Alexander, who had
just entered the game as a defensive replacement, dropped the ball. Franco
walked Barry Bonds. First and second, nobody out. Bullpen disaster looming
again. Franco, however, struck out Jeff Kent, and J. T. Snow then bounced into a
game-ending double play.

"We were hoping for three or four innings, five tops," Franco said of Bohanon.
"Pete Harnisch would be happy. That was one of his main concerns, getting
scratched from his start and leaving us in a bad spot."

Harnisch, 30, nearly missed his opening day start last Tuesday after sleeping
just an hour and a half the night before. He pitched five shutout innings, but
in the sixth, exhausted, he gave up three consecutive homers and was replaced.
Afterward he said he believed his problems -- the sleeplessness, and cold sweats
and chills -- were related to his decision to quit using tobacco.

Because of the problems, he went back to moderate tobacco use and his sleep
began to immediately improve. But by last Thursday, the insomnia and anxiety
resumed.

Valentine learned of Harnisch's latest struggles in the third inning of
Saturday's game, and on Saturday night he told Harnisch and the Mets' trainer,
Fred Hina, to go to a local hospital for tests -- "like blood work and heart
work."

The results were inconclusive, Valentine said, and he called Harnisch this
morning and met him at 3Com Park for a talk. According to Valentine, Harnisch
said he could pitch today. But based on what he heard from Harnisch, Valentine
decided to remove him from the rotation -- at least temporarily.

"I decided he wasn't prepared to pitch in a big-league game," Valentine said.
"He has a situation that needs to be taken care of before he does pitch in a
big-league game. It was a really delicate situation, which he was trying to
handle privately. I felt in his best interests, and the team's best interests,
he needs to take care of this situation before he goes out there again."

Harnisch, who is normally open with reporters, declined to comment before
leaving for the airport. "He's a good guy who loves to have fun, and right now,
he's not having fun," Valentine said. "If there's a reason for that, I hope we
can get that reason taken care of."

Hina said that Harnisch will meet with Dr. Allan Lans, the director of the Mets'
employee assistance program. Lans has been associated with the Mets since 1985,
and has counseled such players as Dwight Gooden, Darryl Strawberry and Gregg
Jefferies. Harnisch also will be given more tests, and doctors will try to
determine if, indeed, he is suffering from withdrawal from tobacco.

"We haven't ruled anything out," Hina said. "Pete's just not himself right now.
We're not sure exactly why, and we're not going to start the diagnostic process
tomorrow."

The Mets are prepared to place Harnisch on the disabled list. The minor league
left-hander Joe Crawford was scheduled to fly to Los Angeles today, and would
assume Harnisch's spot on the roster if the Mets decided to deactivate him.

Harnisch, a formidable pitcher with the Houston Astros in the early 1990's,
joined the Mets for the 1995 season and underwent major shoulder surgery that
August. At the time, he had a 2-8 record but a good 3.68 earned run average. He
returned last season to go 8-12 with a 4.21 e.r.a.

Harnisch was pounded this spring, giving up 29 hits, 19 runs and 3 homers in 15
1/3 innings, for an 11.15 e.r.a. Valentine said on March 22 that Harnisch had
been resistant to suggested alterations in his pitching style. The next day, he
and Valentine met, and Harnisch felt the session cleared the air. But he
continued to puzzle over his lack of success, saying he did not know why
opponents were hitting him hard.


INSIDE PITCH

 JASON ISRINGHAUSEN, on a rehabilitation assignment at Class AAA Norfolk to
strengthen his right shoulder, made his long-awaited first start of the season
Sunday in Syracuse and was not impressive. He yielded singles to the first three
SkyChiefs, walked the fourth and hit the fifth to force in two runs and take a
7-3 loss.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Mets' Brian Bohanon retiring the Giants yesterday. He pitched
seven shutout innings on two hours' notice. (Associated Press)(pg. C9)

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              628 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                              July 31, 2005 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Don't separate UNC, State from other universities

BYLINE: WILLIAM FRIDAY Guest columnist

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 1575  words


A political action committee calling itself Citizens for Higher Education is
seeking to redefine and reduce the established authority of the Board of
Governors of the university. At issue is the authority to make critical policy
decisions for the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, and for N.C.
State University at Raleigh.

These two campuses are "major research universities," and it is the PAC's
contention that, as a multi-campus governing board, the Board of Governors will
set policies that are inherently not best for research universities, and so
Carolina and State must be set apart, free to have their policies determined in
part by the influential leaders of the Citizens for Higher Education. If the
research universities are left to remain in a system composed of all of the
state's public universities, the PAC reasons, they will descend into mediocrity.
Some who speak for the PAC have said they do not intend to break up the
multi-campus system, but only to take key powers from it.

The questions before us are clear: Does the greatness of our research
universities depend upon their being detached from the multi-campus system
created by the General Assembly in 1971? Further, what of the other 14 state
universities? Will their best interests be served by weakening the Board of
Governors? Equally serious questions are: 1) Shall we abandon the historic,
constitutionally declared policy of low tuition so advantageous to the state;
and, 2) shall we abandon the system of governance that has served the state so
well? It is my strong conviction that all of North Carolina's public
universities, including Chapel Hill and N.C. State, are better served by
strengthening, not weakening, a system widely acknowledged to be one of the
best.

Redefining the system

As a former president of the University of North Carolina, I believe I have an
obligation to express my unequivocal opposition to the proposals of Citizens for
Higher Education. The simple fact is that the University of North Carolina at
Chapel Hill has been a part of a multi-campus state university system since
1931, along with the then-State College of Agriculture and Engineering in
Raleigh, and the Woman's College in Greensboro. It remained a three-campus
institution from then until the late 1960s, when three new campuses, at
Charlotte, Wilmington, and Asheville, were added. As this growth was occurring,
open competition for funding and new programs among all the state's universities
became more intense, and each succeeding session of the General Assembly was
preoccupied with this disarray in public higher education. Finally, after a long
and sometimes acrimonious debate, a special session of the General Assembly in
1971 enacted new legislation to deal with the serious problem.

The legislation re-defined the university to consist of all 16 of the state's
public campuses. It then established the Board of Governors as the
constitutional successor to the old Board of Trustees of the university. The
president of the university as re-defined would be the spokesperson for the
university and its principal and chief administrative officer, and each campus
was to be headed by a chancellor and would have a board of trustees. To those
campus trustees, the Board of Governors made substantial delegations of
authority and responsibility.

Research needs recognized

The Board of Governors then defined the educational mission of each campus.
UNC-Chapel Hill and N.C. State were formally defined as "major research
universities" (the first formal, official use of this designation in North
Carolina). The board also set faculty salaries at the two research campuses at a
higher level than the other campuses, recognizing that the research campuses
were in an exceptionally competitive national marketplace for faculty. A higher
level of library funding was established for the research campuses, and more
favorable student-faculty ratios to take account of the demands of
doctoral-level education and faculty research. In these and other ways, the
board recognized the distinctive role of the research university.

In the years that followed, Chapel Hill and State increased in stature and
standing as research institutions, and the other state universities similarly
grew in academic strength. In an era when UNC was a six-campus university, and
then again in the 1980's, major national assessments of doctoral programs were
made. These studies identified many doctoral programs at Chapel Hill as programs
of outstanding quality. And it was during the 1980's, 10 years after the
creation of the Board of Governors, that a purported national ranking of all
universities and colleges placed Chapel Hill as eighth among all universities in
the United States, and second among all state universities -- second only to
California at Berkeley.

National rankings seemed to be of little consequence to those opposed to the
Board of Governors at the time. They continued to maintain that the board was
incapable of governing research universities and was bound to bring them down to
a lower common denominator.

Demean other campuses

It is this representation that has been repeated through the years, and now the
PAC openly and aggressively is seeking legislative action that reverses
legislation establishing the governance system created in 1971. Let me be clear:
If the Board of Governors is unfit to govern the research universities, and they
are effectively separated from the multi-campus university, then the system that
has served the state so well and brought national and international recognition
to the academic excellence our institutions have achieved will no longer serve
the people adequately. It would demean the other 14 campuses, as well as the
board itself, to say that it can govern all except Chapel Hill and State. We
will, at best, be back where we were in the 1960s.

In recent years there has indeed been a decline in Chapel Hill's national
rankings. But this condition has not come about because of the Board of
Governors. It has come about because the state of North Carolina is going
through the longest period of budget problems it has endured since the Great
Depression. All the campuses are now benefiting from an unprecedented program of
new construction. However, at the same time appropriations needed to raise
faculty and staff salaries, to maintain the necessary levels of library
acquisitions, to procure vital equipment and supplies, and to meet all other
operating needs, have not been available.

This condition was brought about by the massive and devastating tax cut of 1995.
What has been provided has come in good measure by laying the burden on students
by tuition and fee increases. For example, in-state undergraduate tuition at
Chapel Hill has increased from $846 10 years ago to $3,205 in 2004-2005. The
scholarship proposal the PAC has put before the General Assembly would, in the
absence of increases in state appropriations, have to be made up by student fee
increases and private gifts of an additional $30 million.

Budget shortfalls are the major source of our problems. Throwing overboard the
governing system will not address these problems, it would leave us in worse
condition.

All have improved

The PAC has nothing to say about the other 14 state universities. But the people
of North Carolina have a vital interest in these campuses as well as in Chapel
Hill and State. All campuses have gained in stature and standing in what has
been done since 1971 under the Board of Governors. It may be well to remember
that, as of 1971, the tumult of inter-institutional rivalry in the legislature
had brought about a situation in which 15 campuses were authorized to plan for
new programs up through the level of Ph.D. There is no evidence to support the
notion that a return to such a past will be to the advantage of Chapel Hill or
N.C. State.

Chapel Hill and all great universities depend upon their alumni and friends for
their generosity, support and good will. Their gifts of money are vital in
making a university great, enabling it to accomplish many things that state
funding alone can never sustain. But the governance of Chapel Hill and of all
campuses is best left to those given this responsibility by law. Furthermore,
and of critical importance, is a clear understanding that the funding of
research activity is not a burden for tuition to carry.

Those who govern most effectively must be mindful always of the needs,
responsibilities, and unique, historic traditions of each of the campuses. North
Carolina is best served by a system of governance that prevents wasteful
duplication and utilizes effectively resources provided by the people in the
efficient service to the people. The system we have has served us well. It too
will grow and become better and the state will continue to point with
considerable pride to the quality and excellence of our public institutions of
higher education. These institutions are an enormously powerful asset ensuring
intellectual power, creative ideas and critical public service so essential to
the progress of our state and the quality of life we wish for ourselves and for
our children.

This is no time for divisive confrontation. It is instead a time to bring
strength to the hands of those who teach and those who serve. The people of the
state deserve no less.

William Friday, former president of the University of North Carolina, is
president emeritus of the university

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HERALD-SUN PHOTO BY BERNARD THOMAS UNC Chapel Hill chancellor James
Moeser and UNC system president Molly Broad. Mug: FRIDAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 The Durham Herald Co.


                              629 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                             June 7, 2008 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Hot reads for lazy summer days; Here are five that deliver thrills or engage the
heart

BYLINE: ANNE SUTHERLAND, The Gazette

SECTION: WEEKEND: BOOKS; Hot reads; Pg. I3

LENGTH: 960  words


These are books to while away the days on the couch, on the beach or on the deck
at the cottage. Or even riding the métro, if balconville is your idea or budget
choice for a summer holiday. Three are good, old-fashioned women's books (to
call them chick-lit would demean them: they're better than that) and two are
ripping good mysteries.

The Whole Truth is a fascinating read. Make sure you have a lot of free time on
your hands once you pick it up, because you won't want to put it down to do
anything else, like sleeping or eating.

Bestselling crime novelist David Baldacci's subject matter is timely and scary -
and very plausible.

Nicholas Creel is the head of a multitrillion-dollar arms company. His raison
d'être is to sell as many tanks, missiles and other weapons as possible, and he
doesn't care to whom. Sales are stagnant; the only country with enough cash to
fund a military machine is the United States. What Creel needs is a conflict,
and he has a man who can do the job.

This book starts with Creel's command to Richard Pender, his go-to guy: "Dick, I
need a war."

Thanks to the power of the Internet, a short video of a Russian named Konstantin
rockets around the globe. "I am dead. I was murdered," the video says.
Konstantin apparently has been tortured and murdered by Russian secret police
for the simple crime of wanting freedom. Chat rooms, blogs and the traditional
media go nuts. All of a sudden, the Red Menace is back. Diplomats and
politicians scream for justice. The Russian president vows to nuke whoever
started this smear campaign. The stage is set for war.

In a parallel story, a shadowy operative called Shaw and a disgraced journalist,
Katie James, are thrown together. Katie needs a great story to climb back on top
and Shaw needs the truth.

I cannot say any more without ruining the tale, and it's a hell of a ride. This
is the book of the summer for fans of a rocking good thriller.

THE WHOLE TRUTH

By David Baldacci

Grand Central Publishing, 401 pages, $29.99

Compulsion, Jonathan Kellerman's 22nd novel featuring psychologist Alex
Delaware, has our fave shrink teaming up once again with Los Angeles detective
Milo Sturgis, his friend and partner in solving crime.

In this novel, costumed killers are savagely murdering women. What the cases
have in common are black luxury cars, and nothing more - at first. So Alex and
Milo go back in time, pulling cold cases from Santa Barbara, New York and San
Francisco and trying to tie the loose threads together.

The characters are colourful, the gore is kept to a minimum and Milo is as
slovenly and wonderful as always.

Even though we know who the murderer is way before the finish, you just have to
keep reading.

COMPULSION

Jonathan Kellerman

Ballantyne Books, 337 pages, $32

Certain Girls sees author Jennifer Weiner, five bestsellers under her belt, pick
up the story of Candace Shapiro - the plucky, overweight, single-mother heroine
of her first novel, Good in Bed. A decade after the previous book ended, Cannie
is now happily married and desperately trying to protect Joy, now 12, from all
the pitfalls and heartache that life entails.

Joy, born with auditory problems, has taken to removing her hearing aids at
school, and puts on lip gloss and mascara, trying to fit in with the fashionable
"certain girls" group. Her grades plummet because she can't hear the lessons,
and her overprotective mother frets, suspecting drugs or worse - boys - are the
reason.

And then Joy discovers a sexy novel her mother wrote when she was a single mom,
with a lead character who has indiscriminate affairs with strangers, gets
pregnant and has an unwanted child.

Is the book autobiography, or pure fiction? Mother-daughter ties are strained as
Joy tries to ferret out the truth. All this is played out as Cannie, her husband
and Joy are planning the girl's bat mitzvah.

Some belly laughs, some tears, a nice little tale.

CERTAIN GIRLS

By Jennifer Weiner

Atria Books, 384 pages, $29.99

Belong to Me continues the story of the feisty and funny Cornelia Brown, whom
readers may remember from Love Walked In.

Cornelia has married an oncologist and moved from Manhattan to a suburb of
Philadelphia. Desperate housewives populate the community, ruled by the queen
bee of bitchiness, the ridiculously named Piper Truitt. Piper mocks Cornelia's
city smarts and downtown clothes, and generally makes her life miserable.

But Piper has a secret, as does almost everyone else who enters Cornelia's
sphere.

Marisa de los Santos writes beautifully, and her novels are smart and funny.
This is another winner.

BELONG TO ME

Marisa de los Santos

HarperCollins, 390 pages, $18.95

Sundays at Tiffany's, by prolific crime novelist James Patterson, is a departure
of sorts. Once again, he has partnered with another

author - in this case, children's book writer Gabrielle Charbonnet. But Sundays
at Tiffany's has no bad guys, no international plots. It's as light as the foam
left on the beach after a wave retreats.

The story centres on reclusive, 8-year-old Jane and her imaginary friend, an
adult named Michael. Jane needs a friend because her oft-married mother,
Vivienne, is a busy Broadway producer with no time for a child. When Jane turns
9, Michael must leave, and she will have no memory of him. There is a rulebook
of sorts for imaginary friends.

Fast-forward and Jane is now 32, dating a handsome but shallow actor who keeps
standing her up. Michael, in between imaginary-friend assignments, is back in
New York and spots her on the street. Much to their mutual astonishment, Jane
remembers everything about their past.

Is Michael real, an angel or a figment of Jane's imagination?

It's really a nutty concept, but this was one fun book.

SUNDAYS AT TIFFANY'S

By James Patterson and Gabrielle Charbonnet

Little Brown, 309 pages, $27.99

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: (Book cover of Belong to Me.) ;
Colour Photo: (Book cover of Certain Girls .)
Colour Photo: (Book cover of Compulsion.)
Colour Photo: (Book cover of The Whole Truth.)
Colour Photo: (Book cover of Sundays at Tiffany's .) ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review; COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              630 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     October 17, 1999, Sunday, Home Edition

New York's fans better;
 SoundOff: READERS' FORUM

BYLINE: For the Journal-Constitution

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 2E

LENGTH: 314 words

New York's fans better

John Rocker has no appreciation of real baseball fans. New York fans support the
team through good and bad times. "The team of the '90s" can't even sell out a
playoff game. What a joke! Braves fans insult and demean Native Americans with
your dumb tomahawk chops and chants, and he has the nerve to call us stupid.
Either way, the Braves will be eliminated by a team from New York.
Joseph Ruiz, Brooklyn, N.Y.

Blue-collar prices needed

If I hear complaints about postseason attendance at Turner Field one more time,
I think I'll become physically ill --- much the same as I do looking at ticket
prices. Chipper Jones said, "This is an exciting team, a blue-collar team, and
this team deserves to have the backing of its fans." I agree completely. I ask
this question: What percentage of "blue-collar" families of four can afford $
180, upper deck, just to get into a game, let alone the various miscellaneous
expenses once there?
James R. Proctor, Atlanta

Paying support too pricey

I really resent the assumptions being made about the enthusiam of Braves fans,
based on the fact that recent key games have not been sellouts and that the two
NLCS games here in Atlanta are not sellouts. My husband and I are very
enthusiastic Braves fans and have been for years. . . . Just because we can't
fork out $ 90 for two nose-bleed seats, in addition to finding and paying a baby
sitter to stay with our 1-year-old on a school night, doesn't mean that the
Braves don't "have the backing of the fans," as Chipper Jones seems to feel.
We're with you all the way, Braves --- just don't look for us in the stands.
Kayla P. Pruett, Decatur

If you have something to say, let Soundoff know. By telephone: 404-222-2031.  By
mail: Sports Soundoff, P.O. Box 4689, Atlanta 30302. By e-mail: sports@AJC.com.
Please include your full name and city.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              631 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                June 19, 2001, Tuesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

MAKING NEWS

SECTION: SPORTS; SIDELINE; CORRECTION; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 293 words



Mac's Bonds buzz

Mark McGwire is not among the baseball faithful carried away by Barry Bonds' 36
home runs. He doesn't demean what Bonds has done, but he makes it clear that all
the commotion is much ado about nothing - for now. "If someone gets lucky enough
to have 60 home runs by September, they have a legitimate shot (at 70). Until
then, they don't," McGwire said. "I find it hilarious that for 37 years people
treated 61 like nobody will ever get to it. And I was lucky enough to reach 70,
and now they're talking about 70 like it's a piece of cake." McGwire says he
wishes Bonds "the best of luck."

Without Tiger,

ratings tank

The average American TV viewer wants to see Tiger, not drama, at the U.S. Open.
With Woods out of contention, NBC's overnight ratings for its Sunday telecast
were down 20 percent from last year. The day of Goosen, Brooks and Cink drew a
7.0 rating and 17 share, compared with a record 8.8 and 21 share last year, when
Woods won by 15 strokes. One ratings point represents about 1.02-million homes;
share is the percentage of TVs in use tuned in. Overnight ratings cover the top
51 markets, or about 63 percent of the population. Sunday's best rating was in
West Palm Beach.

QUOTABLE

"If you think the fans are tough in Cincinnati, you're crazy. I've been in
Philadelphia, where I've been booed by 40,000 people just for sticking my head
out of the dugout."

- BOB BOONE

Reds manager who called a team meeting before Monday's game to tell his players
he doesn't want to hear how "fan negativity" is affecting their play

CORRECTION

Retief Goosen shot bogey 5 on hole No. 9 in Sunday's final round of the U.S.
Open. A scorecard Monday gave a lower score for that hole but a correct
front-nine total.


LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, (2); Martina Hingis; Pete Sampras

TYPE: DIGEST; CORRECTION

                    Copyright 2001 Times Publishing Company


                              632 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       March 6, 1996 Wednesday 2D EDITION

UNDER THE DOME

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-05

LENGTH: 479 words


Committee OKs

pet-abuse bill

The House Judiciary Committee, voting 7-6, yesterday approved a bill increasing
the criminal penalties for abusing pets.

The crime, defined as "cruelty to a companion animal," would carry fines of $
500 to $ 5,000 and mandatory jail terms of six months to two years for
first-degree and second offenses, of six months to two years.

Rep. Paul Schauer, R-Littleton, who introduced HB 1353, said it arose partly
from the recent Wheat Ridge case in which two dogs were poisoned by a neighbor.

Opponents worried that the bill lacked sufficient civil-rights safeguards for
people accused of cruelty. And mandatory reporting of suspected abuse "demeans
what we're doing with our criminal code," said Rep. Doug Lamborn, R-Colorado
Springs.

But Jim Schwartz of the Assistance Dog United campaign, testifying for the bill,
said Colorado should recognize that pets "are not mere property. ... In some
cases, they're the only friends people have."

The bill was sent to the House Appropriations Committee, which will consider the
budgetary effect of jail terms for the newly defined crime.

TV testimony

The House Judiciary Committee yesterday passed, 13-0, a bill that would spare
child sexual-assault victims the trauma of facing their alleged abusers.

Under SB 174, already passed by the Senate, a sexual-assault victim younger than
15 would be allowed to testify by closed-circuit television.

House sponsor Jeanne Adkins, R-Parker, said use of the equipment would be left
up to judges.

Sen. Bob Martinez, D-Commerce City, said he drafted the bill after hearing from
a constituent whose son was traumatized during the sexual-assault trial of the
boy's stepfather.

The Judiciary Committee also passed HB 1349 by Rep. Tony Grampsas, R-Evergreen,
that would allocate more money from the Youth Crime Prevention Fund to help
younger offenders.

Grampsas said too much money is spent helping older offenders because of rising
violence when it could be better spent helping younger offenders stay out of
trouble.

Both bills passed unanimously and now go to the House floor.

Younger waiters

Waiters and waitresses between the ages of 18 and 21 could serve liquor at
restaurants and make more money in tips under a bill approved by the Senate
yesterday.

Voting 24-9, the Senate approved HB 1123, carried in the Senate by Dave
Wattenberg, R-Walden. The bill allows people 18 and older to serve hard liquor
when serving meals.

It now returns to the House for consideration of Senate changes.

Under current law, a person between 18 and 21 may serve beer and wine only.
Often the teens cannot take jobs waiting tables and must settle for busing or
other jobs where they can't earn a lot of tips.

QUOTE OF THE DAY

'I'm here as a man of dog.'

-Jim Schwartz, of Assistance Dog United, testifying for a bill increasing
penalties for pet abuse

LOAD-DATE: March 06, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 1996 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              633 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      April 10, 2001 Tuesday, Home Edition

Reader responses

BYLINE: Robert Kennedy, Anne Beardsley, Julie Stuart, Alan Chapple, Mickey
Roberson, Robert Hafken, Gus Cole, Doc Capes, Kim Adams

SOURCE: For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 18A

LENGTH: 922 words


CHINA: U.S. should admit guilt in accident

Where is the truth of our problem with China? We were spying. If a Chinese spy
plane were in our possession, we would not be quick to return it. Nor would we
be quick to release the people involved.

And our spy plane, although we say it was in international airspace, was
indirectly the cause of the death of a Chinese fighter pilot.

Think about a local situation. If you catch a peeping Tom at the window of your
house, do you forget about it? And it really doesn't matter if that person just
happened not to be on your property; it would still be illegal.

We were caught. An innocent man was killed. An apology certainly would not
demean our standing in the world. We should admit our responsibility in a tragic
accident. We were there. We were not there for legitimate purposes.

What is wrong with an apology? GUS COLE, Monticello

Communist nation missing Clinton

It cost the Chinese a jet plane, one pilot and an international incident to get
a look at a U.S. spy plane.

The Chinese must miss the halcyon Clinton era when they could get blueprints for
mere campaign contributions. DOC CAPES, Stone Mountain

Preserve Arctic area

There is just one pristine area of wilderness left on Alaska's northern coast, a
place that knows no comparison in the lower 48. The Arctic National Wildlife
Refuge is a mystical place inhabited by the last members of the shaggy musk
oxen, an ancient mammal species that survived the last ice age.

As a resident of suburban Atlanta, I can scarcely even imagine such a place, but
I like knowing there are still wild lands out there somewhere. ANWR is remote,
purposefully without roads, maps, trails or development, and it should stay this
way: wild in every sense of the word. JULIE STUART, Atlanta

Repeal estate tax now

Once again the politicians in Congress are scamming us as they claim to be
repealing the estate tax. They shed crocodile tears for the poor farmers and
business owners who are destroyed by the estate tax. Then they pass a repeal
that actually keeps the tax in place for 10 more years and then cuts it to zero
in the 11th year.

If they really mean their repeal talk, they should start the repeal this year.
ROBERT KENNEDY, Roswell

Recall Zell and send real Democrat instead

There must have been something wrong with the voting machines in Georgia this
past election. I thought I was voting for a Democrat for senator, but instead it
seems that I helped elect Mack Mattingly.

It's time to recall Mack (alias Zell Miller) and elect a real senator, not a
little fish who's trying to make a big name for himself. ANNE BEARDSLEY,
Kennesaw

You have to pay taxes before you get refund

After reading The Atlanta Constitution describe President Bush's tax cut as a
"pig in a poke" and "snake oil," it is clear that the editorial writers have a
firm grasp of cliches ("Senate injects sanity into tax debate," April 6).

If only they were as well-schooled when it comes to facts.

The Constitution says that "the lowest-earning 25 percent of families nationally
and 38 percent in Georgia would get nothing" under the Bush plan. The fact is,
you have to pay taxes in the first place to get a refund.

Perhaps the editorial writers should familiarize themselves with this cliche:
"There's no such thing as a free lunch." ALAN CHAPPLE, Acworth

Postal Service can save money by cutting salaries

Regarding a recent suggestion that the Postal Service cut third-class mail: I
suggest that maybe the Post Office should consider not paying outrageous
salaries.

As someone who works for a nonprofit organization that utilizes bulk mail to
send information to our members, not to sell anything, I have some experience
with this. Don't kid yourself into thinking that the Postal Service spends any
time at all on bulk rate mail. It takes up to four weeks for our mail to reach
our members sometimes, if it ever gets there.

Maybe the sale papers and credit card offers need to invest in first-class
postage, but it's not fair to those of us who use bulk rate mail for a
legitimate purpose.

Postal workers seem to be guaranteed a job, regardless of their ability to
perform that job. Postal workers do not seem to care because they do not have
to; they're the Post Office. What is a person going to do --- mail letters
someplace else? KIM ADAMS, Decatur

Tiger much like Secretariat

Masters sportscasters could not think of anyone else in any sport with whom to
compare Tiger Woods' Masters win and his feats. I finally thought of another
athlete who won every major event in his sport in a year's time and holds the
low-scoring record for each event --- Secretariat, the 1973 Triple Crown winner.

Tiger plays golf as Secretariat ran the Belmont Stakes. I remember an announcer
saying that Secretariat was "moving like a tremendous machine" when he was in
turn three of the Belmont.

That's Tiger, too --- a tremendous machine, with a heart to match. MICKEY
ROBERSON, Dunwoody

Nader is not to blame

Regarding the Clarence Page column on Ralph Nader ("Naderites must acknowledge
harm," Viewpoints, April 9): Blaming Nader for the outcome of this election is
like blaming philosopher Frederick Nietzsche for the Nazis. Such thinking merely
portrays ignorance --- ignorance of what Nader was really talking about,
ignorance of the electoral process, and especially ignorance of how, why and for
whom the government of this society operates. ROBERT HAFKEN, Atlanta

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo:
Secretariat, seen here zooming to victory in the Kentucky Derby, won the Triple
Crown in 1973. / Associated Press Photo:
The Postal Service is trying to cut its costs. / CURTIS COMPTON / Staff

TYPE: Letters

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                              634 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                October 23, 1998, Friday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

MIAMI CITY BALLET AIMS TO TAKE AUDIENCE 'TO THAT NEXT STEP';
JAZZ, BIG BANDS AND SWING ARE PART OF BLEND IN DANCE ST. LOUIS OPENER

BYLINE: Brad L. Graham; Special To The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE, Pg. E1

LENGTH: 1307 words


Who has the city's most interesting swing? If you answered Mark McGwire, you'd
probably be correct, at least until the Miami City Ballet arrives this weekend
for two concerts at the Fox Theatre.

Are you ready to jump, jive and . . . pirouette?

Dance St. Louis kicks off its season with a return visit from the South Florida
company, directed by New York City Ballet veteran Edward Vilella. The program
will blend jazz, big band, swing and traditional ballet.

Clearly, a show that includes a George Balanchine tribute to George Gershwin, a
Paul Taylor celebration of the Andrews Sisters and a premiere work titled "The
Big Band SUPERMEGATROID" is not your typical ballet performance. But it's not
quite a TV commercial for The Gap, either.

Vilella describes it as something in between, a program true to Miami City
Ballet's tradition of presenting classical dance forms while, at the same time,
pressing those forms' limits to invite new audiences to take a look.

"That's really the purpose of this, to present an accessibility that does not
demean the art form," Vilella says, pointing out that the source material for
the evening is classical in its own right.

"This is a program that was designed basically to appeal to audiences that are a
little uncomfortable going that next step," says Vilella, acknowledging that,
for many, ballet still means strictly tutus and dying swans.

By combining swing dance - a resurgent national craze that Vilella says his
company anticipated in the early '90s - with classical ballet forms, the program
provides permission for the timid fan to just enjoy the dance.

"For instance, a musical theater-goer will not generally go to the ballet,"
Vilella says, "but if you present musical theater production numbers without the
book with classical dancers, then maybe that's something people will be
comfortable with.

"All of this has artful intent, classical structure and form and all of that,
but the music now has gone from strictly a popular culture idiom into classic,
kind of the same way we now look at Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, as
classics."

In creating "The Big Band SUPERMEGATROID," resident choreographer Jimmy Gamonet
de Los Heros consulted the New York Swing Society to learn about the unique
styles of 1940s big bands that made the scene. Gamonet then translated diverse
styles of ballroom dance - including East Coast and West Coast swing, the Lindy,
Charleston and cakewalk - into ballet and set it to music by Glenn Miller and
Benny Goodman, among others.

With influences from both popular and classical idioms, Miami City Ballet's
performance is affected by its home city as well. For "SUPERMEGATROID," bright
neon Art Deco arches surrounding palm trees and skyscrapers fill the stage, a
touch of South Beach style.

"I grew up with this music," Vilella says, "so it's stuff that's kind of in my
bones, and it's danceable."

Vilella grew up in New York and began study at the School of American Ballet
when he was 10. He interrupted his classes to finish his academic studies,
eventually graduating from the New York Maritime Academy with a degree in marine
transportation.

His return to dance followed a circuitous route, one that included stints as a
college baseball player and as a championship boxer. He found that his
experience as an athlete served him well, especially since he would soon dance
as part of Balanchine's physically demanding New York City Ballet Company.

"Athletics and dance are both very physical activities," notes Vilella, "and
there's an awful lot of similarity in it: timing, quickness, footwork,
conditioning and so forth.

"But there are major differences, largely in how you approach that physicality.
As dancers, we approach it in a much more refined and aesthetic manner, but
that's because we have a different responsibility.

"We have to speak a common physical language on the stage or else we look as
though we are without harmony amongst one another."

The mental discipline that ballet requires also attracted the young Vilella. "I
want to see someone's mind when I'm watching them on stage; I want to see what
their mind is doing with the physical aspect, what choices they've made," he
says.

After joining Balanchine's company in 1957, Vilella was soon promoted to soloist
and then principal dancer. He originated many roles for the company, but was
perhaps best known and most highly regarded for his part in the 1960 revival of
the 1929 Balanchine classic "Prodigal Son."

Vilella danced with the New York City Ballet until 1975. A little more than a
decade later, he would find himself contemplating leaving New York to attend the
birth of a company of his own.

"I was lecturing in Miami (in 1986), and about four people came up to me and
said they were privy to a Rockefeller Foundation study done on the cultural
needs of South Florida," Vilella recalls, "and that the primary need was for a
classical ballet company."

The civic leaders who approached the renowned dancer were enthusiastic about the
prospect but had no idea how to realize it.

"I started to lay out the premises of what this stuff is," says Vilella. "It's
no longer the silly old romantic notion that you walk around with a scarf and a
cape, wave your hands about, and beautiful things occur. It's now a business,
not the business of business but the business of art."

To demonstrate the feasibility of establishing a ballet repertory company in the
Miami area, Vilella prepared a comprehensive 11 1/2-year plan to present to the
interested patrons. To his surprise, they went for it.

Vilella says he was honored but intended to decline. "I thought. 'No one leaves
New York,' " he says. "But I did some research."

"At that time, there were 1,000 people a day moving to South Florida, so I
figured I'd find out where they were coming from. Lo and behold, they were
coming from the Northeast, from the New York tri-state area.

"I said, 'Wow, these are people who are used to this kind of art, and m aybe
they saw me dance, and maybe they would remember.' "

With the encouragement of his wife, Vilella and his family joined the exodus to
the Miami area and led the company to international acclaim.

Vilella laughs at how simple that statement makes it sound, recounting an
exhausting myriad of details he must attend to daily as the still-young
company's artistic director.

"If I could get the devil's 800 number, I'd be a dancer again in a minute!" he
says.

Before the company's performances at the Fox, Vilella and members of the Miami
City Ballet will present workshops for the public and master classes for dancers
at locations in Warren County and Cape Girardeau. The extended outreach effort
was organized by Dance St. Louis and made possible by a grant from the Lila
Wallace-Reader's Digest Program for Leading Dance Centers.

"We were one of 10 that got this award," says Sally Brayley Bliss, Dance St.
Louis' executive director, "and we actually received one of the highest awards.
The whole point of this grant is to bring dance with internationally renowned
American companies into areas where we've never gone before."

The Miami City Ballet Company was an ideal group for educational outreach
programs, Bliss says, "because they love to be involved in this way. I want
everybody in Missouri to know that dance is a good thing and they can enjoy it."

Vilella concurs. "It is our job to make dance accessible, and the first thing to
do is humanize it, to explain to people that we are not these grand individuals
stomping about on the stage. We are human beings who work at this."

*** Miami City Ballet

When: 8 p.m. today and Saturday

Where: Fox Theatre, 527 North Grand Boulevard

How much: $ 13-$ 40

Info: 534-1111 or Dance St. Louis at 534-5000 and 534-6622

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, GRAPHIC (1) Color Photo by STEVEN CARAS - Swing dancers Marite
Gimenez and David Fonnegra in "The Big Band  SUPERMEGATROID," a highlight of the
Miami City Ballet's appearance at the Fox Theatre.
 (2) Color Graphic / Illustration - Amanda Hankes also appears in the number
celebrating the big bands of the 1940s.

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              635 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                    October 26, 1994 Wednesday Final Edition

Cone bounces back;
'Jimmy-Key style' earns KC hurler Cy Young

SOURCE: FROM ASSOCIATED PRESS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 588 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


David Cone, coming off the worst season of his career, bounced back to again
beat out former teammate Jimmy Key in a close vote for the American League Cy
Young Award.

Cone, 16-5 with a 2.94 earned-run average for the Kansas City Royals, won the
award yesterday despite not leading the league in any pitching category. Key,
17-4 with a 3.27 ERA for the New York Yankees, led the majors in wins.

Cone received 15 of 28 first-place votes and finished with 108 points in
balloting by the Baseball Writers' Association of America. Key got 10
first-place votes and 96 points.

"I thought either one of us would've made a deserving winner," Cone said from
New York during a conference call. "My first instinct is to feel this might be a
once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.

Despair of 1994

"I don't want to demean the award because of the strike. But when you look at
the award, you're going to think about the despair of 1994."

Randy Johnson, 13-6 with a 3.19 ERA and a major league-leading 204 strikeouts
for Seattle, received two first-place votes and finished third with 24 points.
Mike Mussina, 16-5 with a 3.06 ERA for Baltimore, got one first-place vote and
was fourth with 23 points.

Greg Maddux won his record third straight National League Cy Young with a
unanimous victory Monday. The AL most valuable player is to be announced today.

"We're friends, and I'm overjoyed for him," Key said on a conference call, also
from New York.

"It'd be nice to win one. But I don't put that much value in these things. It's
not a goal of mine.

"It is the Cy Young, but I still think it's going to be tarnished in some
people's eyes and there probably will be an asterisk next to it in the so-called
record books. He was voted the best pitcher for those number of games."

Cone struck out 132 in 23 games before the players' strike started Aug. 12. Key
fanned 97 in 24 games.

Cone led the majors in strikeouts from 1990 to '92 as a power pitcher, but has
concentrated more on getting ground balls in the past two seasons, just like
Key. Throughout his career, Key has relied on changing speeds and fewer pitches.

"This award signals a change of style, a Jimmy Key-style," Cone said.

"That is a compliment," Key said. "I think David, for whatever reason, has
changed. He used to try to strike people out. Now he's just trying to get people
out early in the count."

Cone and Key, who toured Japan with a major league all-star team after the 1988
season, pitched together for the Toronto Blue Jays for the last two months of
the 1992 season. Cone, acquired in late August in a trade from the New York
Mets, bumped Key out of manager Cito Gaston's playoff rotation.

Cone also started ahead of Key in the World Series. Key, however, started and
won Game 4, then was the winner in relief in Game 6 -- which Cone started -- as
Toronto topped Atlanta for its first championship.

Cone and Key left Toronto as free agents after the 1992 season. The right-handed
Cone decided to go back his hometown of Kansas City and signed a three-year,
$18-million contract with the Royals, the team he made his major league debut
with in 1986. The left-handed Key got a four-year, $17-million deal with the
Yankees.

"Mr. Kauffman said he wanted to rectify the worst trade the Royals had ever
made," Cone said, recalling the words of owner Ewing Kauffman, who died in
August 1993.

Cone, however, struggled to an 11-14 mark, his first losing record since
becoming a full-time starter in the majors. Key, meanwhile, went 18-6.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AP David Cone topped Jimmy Key and Randy Johnson in Cy Young Award
vote.

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 1994 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              636 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           September 11, 2006 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Terrorism

BYLINE: KURT LOFT, The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: BAYLIFE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 985 words


From IEDs to WMDs, the nation's vocabulary changed five years ago today.

(ter' er iz em) n [French terrorisme] the act of terrorizing; use of force or
threats to demoralize, intimidate and subjugate, especially such use as a
political weapon or policy

Webster's New World College Dictionary, Fourth Edition

By KURT LOFT

The Tampa Tribune

TAMPA - The events of five years ago tore the fabric of American society and
changed the context of our language.

Buzzwords from Sept. 11 found their way into the news and office conversation.
Phrases spoken for years suddenly took on more weight. In adapting to a culture
of fear, we adopted a means to describe it.

"The language of 9/11 created a subliminal message that says this is serious and
you can't demean it," says Loyd Pettegrew, professor of organizational
communication at the University of South Florida. "Language reflects our inner
feelings, and we pull out and adopt language that reflects our own despair,
anger and loss of hope."

Our relationship with hundreds of words has changed, experts say, even those
that meant something entirely different before the World Trade Center towers
fell. Other words simply were shoved into the spotlight, where they burned into
the psyche, says Kirk Hazen, professor of English at West Virginia University in
Morgantown.

"All cultural events leave their mark on the vocabulary," he says. "There are a
number of terms that were revived or reintroduced because of 9/11 - the first
being '9/11' itself."

The 911 telephone number we dial in a personal emergency now symbolizes a
national emergency. "Ground zero," site of the first nuclear detonation in the
desert of New Mexico, has shifted to New York.

"The events of that day almost called for a new way of speaking," says Daniel
Schowalter, professor of communications at Rowan University in New Jersey. "9/11
was such an unprecedented event; we really didn't have any language available to
us to talk about it."

Schowalter says "9/11" itself is more than a catch phrase: "It's a
rationalization. It's a memorial."

Much of the lexicon people use to describe the tragedies of five years ago is
intended to lessen the pain, says John Adams, who teaches rhetoric studies at
Hamilton College in Clinton, N.Y.

He says acronyms such as WMDs and IEDs, for instance, are easier to comprehend
as abbreviations.

"Acronyms shield us from pain, and so they allow us to move ideas more quickly
and concisely," he says. "And if we have events unfolding we need to talk about,
we find ways to euphemize them so we can live though what we don't want to be
reminded of."

Many of the post-9/11 words and phrases are designed for political gain because
governments use language to generate approval for their actions, says John
Collins, a professor of global studies at St. Lawrence University in Canton,
N.Y.

Immediately after 9/11, the Bush administration - and media - began feeding the
American people a steady diet of what Collins calls "collateral language," using
phrases such as "axis of evil" and "homeland security." Collins collected these
words and phrases and gave them perspective in his book, "Collateral Language: A
User's Guide to America's New War" (New York University Press, $19).

Collins argues that words were carefully chosen to incite fear, disguise
American actions or instill a sense of patriotism.

"Taken together, all of this language directly shaped the way we now view the
world," Collins says. "It provided a kind of shorthand that eliminates the need
for complex explanation."

A recent phrase in the language of 9/11 actually is a redefinition, one intended
to make a vague subject more concrete. Last month, President Bush changed his
reference to "war on terror" to "war against Islamic fascism." This shows how
language evolves to suit the event, Collins says.

"The Bush administration is trying to identify who the terrorists are," he says.
"So they have begun to tighten up the language."

(CHART) WORDS OF THE WAR

Here's a selective look at post-9/11 words and phrases:

AL-QAIDA: terrorist network that supports radical Islamic terrorist groups in
their fight against the West, particularly the United States

AXIS OF EVIL: President Bush's reference to the triumvirate of Iran, Iraq and
North Korea

BIOTERRORISM: using biological agents such as smallpox to kill or cause
widespread panic

DIRTY BOMB: not a nuclear device but a conventional bomb that spreads
radioactive material

HARDENED TARGET: concrete bunker that requires a powerful weapon to destroy

HOMELAND SECURITY: the emphasis on defending Americans on U.S. soil

IED: acronym for improvised explosive device; sometimes referred to as a
roadside bomb

JIHAD: Islamic warfare or terrorist action against evil or personal temptation

JUMPERS: people trapped in the World Trade Center who jumped to their deaths
before the twin towers collapsed

"LET'S ROLL": words of doomed passenger Todd Beamer as he and others tried to
overtake hijackers on board the plane that crashed in Pennsylvania on Sept.11,
2001

REGIME CHANGE: refers to one form of government replacing another, such as a
democracy taking the place of a totalitarian one

SHOCK AND AWE: U.S. military campaign and description of the initial attack on
Baghdad in 2002

SLEEPER CELL: small terrorist group within a larger organization that lies
dormant until given orders to act

SUICIDE BOMBER: person who kills others by strapping and detonating explosives
strapped to his or her body

TALIBAN: the conservative militia of Afghanistan

TRAINING CAMPS: sessions in which terrorists hone their craft

WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION: phrase President Bush used to describe potential
weapons stockpiles hidden in Iraq, but never found; refers to nuclear and
biological devices; commonly abbreviated WMDs

Reporter Kurt Loft can be reached at (813) 259-7570 or kloft@tampatrib.com

Copyright © 2006, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHART
.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2006 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              637 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                          May 16, 2000, Tuesday, FINAL

Devils have Flyers feeling desperate

BYLINE: Allen Panzeri

SECTION: Sports; D3

LENGTH: 937 words

DATELINE: PHILADELPHIA


PHILADELPHIA -- Mark Recchi didn't intend to slight the Pittsburgh Penguins,
whom the Philadelphia Flyers beat in the second round of the Stanley Cup
playoffs. He didn't mean to demean them, question their athletic ability, or
provide some locker-room fodder for next season.

Still, that's the way it came out, and it unintentionally provided a deep look
into the minds of the Flyers as they head into tonight's second game of the
Eastern Conference final against the New Jersey Devils.

The Flyers are not only the underdogs in this series, but they also feel like
the underdogs.

They may have been able to overcome losing the first two games to the Penguins
in the last round. However, down 1-0 to the Devils after Sunday's 4-1 loss, they
absolutely can't fall behind by two games, said Recchi.

''Obviously,'' he said yesterday, with a pause for effect, ''that'd be a lot
more dangerous because (the Devils) are a better team.

''They're a lot deeper, they're a little more solid back on defence, and they've
played better as a team, in terms of defence, than Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh has a
good team, but it's not the same magnitude as what the New Jersey Devils have.''

Recchi was not hanging his head when he said this. His statement was simply
matter-of-fact.

Yet, even if he didn't come right out and finish where the thought was leading,
the implication was clear. Coming back from a 2-0 deficit to defeat the Devils
in the series would be as difficult as coming from three goals behind to beat
them in a game.

In short, close to impossible with the way the Devils are playing.

''We might have been able to go down 2-0 to Pittsburgh and come back,'' said the
Flyers' rookie goalie Brian Boucher. ''But I don't think we want to do that in a
lot of series. So we have to treat this one as a must-win game.''

The Devils haven't allowed anyone very much in these playoffs, with their 1.45
goals-against average leading the league. As well, their 32 playoff goals leaves
them only two behind league leading Colorado following the Avalanche's 3-2 loss
last night to the Dallas Stars.

Plus, the Devils have gone 11-2-2 against the Flyers during the past three
regular seasons.

Is it any wonder the Flyers are starting to feel jinxed?

Just about every Flyer said yesterday that their record against the Flyers had
little bearing when it came to the playoffs, and Boucher's comments were
typical.

''We don't sit around the locker- room and look at certain stats and put
ourselves down before the series even starts,'' he said.

''That's a waste of time and it doesn't mean anything in the playoffs.''

Still, Rick Tocchet, for one, conceded it was starting to wear on them.

''That's all you hear about here, how great they are,'' he said. ''That can get
into your psyche a little bit. You hear about our past record against them and
how bad it is. It'd be nice to get a win, to get that out of the way. ''

The Devils are hardly what you'd call cocky, although their confidence is as
thick as the sweat in their dressing room.

''That gets talked about a lot around here,'' defenceman Ken Daneyko said.

''From Larry Robinson, to the veteran guys, myself and Scott (Stevens) and
Claude Lemieux. It's just one game. That gets you nothing in a series. You can't
be satisfied with that. ''

Flyers coach Craig Ramsay attributed many of his team's mistakes in Sunday's
loss to opening-game jitters. They got plenty of shots and chances to score on
Martin Brodeur.

However, early on there was too much energy in reserve after a four-day layoff,
and that led to early trouble. The game turned, he figured, when the Flyers
pressed to tie after the Devils scored in the first minute.

''We were a little excited and didn't stay as patient as we have to be. I think
that's what got us in trouble,'' Ramsay said. ''We started racing up and down
the ice trying for that one tying play.

''But we've talked about it, we've dealt with it, I think, and we have to stick
with our game plan, and if we do it, we can be successful.

''We know we can't make a lot of mistakes against them. They're a difficult team
to play against, because they have a lot of strengths now they may not have had
in recent years.

''But there is no question in the minds of the coaching staff, or in the minds
of the players, that we can beat anyone, anywhere, if we play our game.''

To anyone who was listening closely, the ''if'' had special emphasis.

It meant, captain Eric Desjardins said, the Flyers must play as well as they
can.

A perfect game, as it were.

''You always have to play with desperation in the playoffs,'' he said.

''It doesn't matter how many games you're won, you still have to play with
desperation.

''But by desperation, I don't mean that you play out of control. Desperation
means that everything has to be exactly right, the defence, the forechecking,
getting the puck out, and chipping it in when you have to.

''We've got to be smarter, especially in the neutral zone. If you look at the
goals they got, it's because we got beat in the neutral zone. That's probably
where we'll win or lose the series.''

Flyers winger John LeClair said the Devils were a funny team in that sometimes
you could lose to them and not know exactly why. That wasn't the case on Sunday,
though. The two quick goals at the end of the first period did the Flyers in.

In the end, LeClair said, analysis of past defeats alone was not going to
translate into victories.

''You can only talk so much about beating them,'' he said. ''We need to go out
and do it and build some momentum.''


LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              638 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                 February 5, 1999, Friday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

Northwest employees say airline discriminates

BYLINE: Scott Thurston

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 01E

LENGTH: 339 words


A group of current and former Northwest Airlines employees is suing the company,
claiming blacks and women are denied promotions and subject to an "openly
hostile" work environment, especially at an Atlanta maintenance center.

The lawsuit, filed in U.S. District Court in Atlanta, alleges Northwest "has
maintained a system of discrimination and fostered racial and gender prejudice."

"Thirty-three years have elapsed since the passage of the 1964 Civil Rights Act
but, unfortunately, time has stood still at Northwest, particularly at its
Atlanta facility," the suit said.

It said blacks and women at the Atlanta center have been "subjected to the
presentation of nooses, Confederate flags, misogynist or racist graffiti, jokes
and comments which debase, degrade and demean" them.

The suit also claims Northwest managers withheld advancement opportunities and
used different promotion tests for blacks and women.

The Atlanta center, at Hartsfield International Airport, employs about 2,000
people and maintains Northwest's DC-9 fleet.

Northwest spokesman Jon Austin said the Minneapolis-based carrier "absolutely
disputes these allegations."

"They're untrue and we'll demonstrate that in court. We do not tolerate
harassment or discrimination in any form, and if it is alleged we investigate
and deal with it," Austin said.

James Voyles, a Marietta attorney for the plaintiffs, who include workers in
Atlanta and other cities, said they can document the allegations.

The suit, filed Jan. 15, has 53 named plaintiffs and seeks class-action status,
which could bring in thousands more, Voyles said. It seeks wages and benefits
lost as a result of the alleged discrimination, as well as an injunction against
the activity.

The named plaintiffs first filed complaints with the Equal Employment
Opportunity Commission, which issued "right to sue" letters late last year, the
suit said.

Voyles said he also represents three white Northwest workers who claim they were
fired for giving information to the EEOC.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              639 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                             July 6, 1985 Saturday

HOW TO SEDUCE YOUR MAN - THE TOTAL WOMAN REVEALS ALL

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: BASKETT B

LENGTH: 954 words


How to seduce your man _ the Total Woman reveals all From BRUCE BASKETT in New
York THE Total Woman has got a new charge of life and turned into the Electric
Woman. Marabel Morgan, a Miami mother of two, challenged women in her first book
The Total Woman To revamp their marriages as she had done by adoring their
husbands and using all feminine wiles to make their marriages work. Perhaps she
is associated most with the advice to Mrs Suburbia to wrap herself up in plastic
wrapping like Glad Wrap and to pounce on her husband when he arrived home from
work with the challenge to unwrap her. There are no statistics on the number of
American businessmen whose blood pressure finally went over boiling point at the
sight of their beloved slinking across the bedroom floor or through the living
room beneath a film of sticky plastic. Now Morgan, 48, is more concerned with
the stress that women face in their lives (forget about poor hubby gasping for
air on the doorstep). Her fourth book is The Electric Woman: Hope for Tired
Mothers, Lovers and Others. Mrs Morgan is a born-again Christian and both her
her advice books are sprinkled with Biblical quotations. Her other books are
Total Joy and The Total Woman Cookbook. Her husband Charlie is a lawyer and they
have two daughters Laura, 20, and Michelle, 15. Mrs Morgan has some new advice
for the seduction stakes and this is the sort of book that males should read if
they find it lying around the bedroom. I reckon we all deserve some warning from
this onslaught. Here's the latest battle plan: Jump off the dressing table into
your husband's arms as he comes out of the shower. (If that doesn't get the
ticker into over-time, nothing will). Call your husband at work and purr: ""Hi
honey, I wanted you to know that I just crave your body. Hurry home. Byee."
(Just as the boss leans over your desk to give you a blast for day-dreaming or
your workmate picks up the extension phone without knowing you're taking a
call). Take a skein of yarn and starting at the front door, make a trail
throughout the house with little inviting notes every metre. Position yourself
in the candlelit bedroom in your seductive nightie with the end of the yarn
around your finger. (This is fraught with peril such as the mother-in-law
arriving for a surprise visit, the plumber arriving to check the pipes or the
cat deciding the yarn is a plaything to chase to the end with claws
outstretched). Dress up in nothing but a raincoat, ring your front doorbell and
flash it open when your hubby answers the door. (The dangers of this practice do
not need my comments). Mrs Morgan admits this sort of behavior does not come
naturally to most women. ""You can't make his eyeballs light up every day," she
said. ""Try once a week, or once a month or once a year _ not once in a
lifetime. ""I think you have to be honest. A lot of women have low libidos. I
would say that is true for the majority of married women. The women who are
sexually frisky are rather rare. ""It's all mental. They've got to work it out
all inside them. I've got to rev myself to anticipate Charlie and realise how
vital it is to him." Charlie must have a heart like Phar Lap's. They've been
married 21 years but there was a time when the marriage had problems, Mrs Morgan
said. That's when she dressed up in baby doll pyjamas and white boots and
surprised her husband. He chased her around the dining room table. Her first
book was a runaway best seller with 3,500,000 copies sold and in the past 12
years since that epic, she has received about 500,000 letters, many from
housewives who say her book has changed their lives. Only a few have been
critical because they were upset at her subservient style. In The Total Woman
she wrote: ""It's only when a woman surrenders her life to her husband, reveres
and worships him, and is willing to serve him, that she becomes really beautiful
to him." That philosophy was published in 1973 and was not designed to be the
theme prayer of the Women's Liberation Movement. Oddly, the plastic wrap idea
was not her's originally. It came from a reader's letter who said she had done
it and Morgan thought it was a great idea. ""The ironic thing is that I have
never done that,' she said. Other authors had their say on the Morgan
philosophy. Helen Gurley Brown, Cosmopolitan editor and author of Sex and the
Single Girl said: ""I don't see how it could hurt anything. ""Maybe it's a
little against the philosophy of the moment . . . In terms of what women are
supposed to be doing with men, but I believe in man-pleasing no matter what the
options are. The sexy stuff she suggests _ what could be wrong with that?" Sully
Blotnick, New York psychologist and author of Otherwise Engaged: The Private
Lives of Successful Career Women: ""Her suggestion to jump off the dresser is an
orthopaedist's delight. This is one of the few books that manage to demean both
men and women.It demeans men because it assumes they can be manipulated. ""A
woman who is having a good time is much more exciting to a man than one who is
playing hooker and focussing on his pleasure." Irene Kassorla, Los Angeles
psychologist and author of Nice Girls Do said: ""Books like this make women feel
inadequate, guilty and responsible for the pain or lack of closeness in the
marriage . . . ""It's fun to do the things that Mrs Morgan suggests. And I
recommend it. (But) Mrs Morgan suggests if you do all this, all will be well.
Problems in marriage take two mature and sensitive people working on
communications." So it's on with the plastic wrap. But be warned. One woman
wrote to Mrs Morgan to say that she had wrapped herself up, her husband took one
look and quipped: ""Oh no. Leftovers again."

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PIC SHOWS MARABEL MORGAN

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1985 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              640 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                              July 17, 2006 Monday
                                  ROP Edition

YANKEES CLOSE ON SOX;
PRO BASEBALL;
HEAT IS ON;
Lack of offense, makes it a race again

BYLINE: Mike Fine

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 998 words


Mike Fine A'S 8 RED SOX 1 BOSTON


Baseball players will tell you that the inevitable slumps and dips and doldrums
that happen during the course of a season can come at the funniest times.

It's just that nobody's laughing at what's happening to the Red Sox. Granted,
it's not like they're on a slide of epic proportions, but after their 12-game
winning streak of June 16-29, what's befallen them of late is beginning to look
like a catastrophe. When a pitch was coming at them during that streak, it
looked like a watermelon. Nowadays, it's beginning to look like a pea, and as a
result they've dropped eight of their last 14 games, including yesterday's 8-1
thrashing by the Oakland A's, who won three of four at Fenway Park, a series
loss to that team that's happened only once before in the last 16 years. The
most horror-inducing thought about the performance of the Sox is that the
Yankees, who despite Boston's big winning streak never fell more than 4 1/2
games off the pace, are now only a half a game behind in the AL East standings.

While the Red Sox were going with their full compliment of position players
yesterday, the Yankees were beating the defending champion White Sox for a third
straight day with an outfield of Melky Cabrera, Aaron Guiel and Bubba Crosby,
while Miguel Cairo played second base and Andy Phillips first. That's not to
demean the talents of those players, but we're talking about a Red Sox team
that's supposed to be hitting lights out, yet has batted at a .225 pace over its
last five games, which includes 19- and 11-inning losses to Chicago and Oakland,
respectively, a 15-3 beating by the A's and yesterday's poor performance in
which the only run scored was an Alex Gonzalez home run.

In Friday's 12-run loss - before they picked up their first shutout (7-0) in
almost a year Saturday - their top five batters were hitless in seven innings,
finishing up at 2-for-18 before Kevin Youkilis and pinch hitter Doug Mirabelli
finally connected. Meanwhile, Mark Loretta is 9-for-48 over his last 12 games,
Trot Nixon is 3-for-22 and Youkilis 2-for-22, performances indicative of a
general malaise. So it's nice to report at least one recent success story, from
an unlikely source, but on a momentous day. Jason Varitek connected for two of
his team's six hits yesterday which, amidst a mammoth season-long slump, pulled
him up to .242. Varitek's timing was pretty good, too. Catching replacement
starter Kirk Snyder for the second time, Varitek played in his 990th game with
the Red Sox, tying him with Carlton Fisk for the team's all-time lead. Varitek
will take over sole possession tomorrow night when he catches Jon Lester against
the Kansas City Royals. As Varitek caught reliever Julian Tavarez's warmup
pitches before the top of the eighth inning, the center field video scoreboard
informed the crowd of the milestone, and the 35,643 fans began rising slowly,
giving the catcher a standing ovation. "I didn't know until they got further
into it," said Varitek, who acknowledged the fans with a quick wave after
Tavarez's eighth warmup. "It gave me some chills. I didn't know exactly what it
was. I'm very appreciative of the fans. "Hopefully, there's a lot more ahead.
I've been very fortunate to be in the same place for a long time." Varitek had
been made aware of the milestone earlier, so he knew it was coming, but,
honestly, he had other things in mind, not the least of which was how to coax
something out of Snyder, who did a nice job in his first start, a 4-3 win over
Washington on June 19, when he went five innings, giving up four hits and three
runs. The catcher couldn't coax that same performance in this one, though,
Snyder lasting only 4 2/3 innings before giving up five runs in the fifth, which
started with two singles, a hit batter and a run-scoring walk. He seemed to snap
out of it with two of his six strikeouts, but then allowed two more singles.
Varitek wasn't throwing the pitches, though, and he couldn't bat for his
teammates, who pretty much got nothing going, even in light of two more Oakland
errors. Aside from the home run, they got runners to second only three times,
and on one of them, Manny Ramirez was trying to make it to third on a Trot Nixon
single, only to get thrown out. It says here that manager Terry Francona was
impressed with his hustle and glad that his right knee must be feeling good. It
also says here that the Red Sox need to start getting their bats going and stop
congratulating opposing starters (Joe Blanton yesterday) for painting the
corners of the plate. "We're a good-hitting team," said the manager, who
actually used the heat as an excuse. "All teams go through it a couple of days."
"It's just one of those games where we couldn't put the ball in the right
spots," said Coco Crisp, who had a strong bid taken away from him by right
fielder Jay Payton. Only an inning earlier, Payton made a terrific catch sliding
on the warning track to grab a David Ortiz fly ball. In the first inning, with
two on and two out, second baseman Mark Ellis also made an excellent play to
nail Trot Nixon at first base, preventing the Sox from getting off to a strong
start. The overall picture, of course, is what the Sox are looking at. Crisp
ascribes to the one-game-at-a-time theory, and Varitek bemoans the fact that the
Sox gave a game away (the 11-inning loss Thursday) but understands that it's up
to the Sox to get rolling. "We need to keep going out and doing the little
things ... we're only worried about ourselves ... as long as we don't keep
beating ourselves ... we're bound to lose a game here and there ... this is a
very strong division. It's about us, though. We have to play well ... it's one
of those things. You play well and balls fall ... " That's what the players will
tell us. It would behoove them to do something about it. AL EAST

W

L

Pct.

GB

Boston

54

36

.600

â[#x20ac]"

New York

53

36

.596

Â½

Toronto

51

40

.560

3Â½

Baltimore

43

51

.457

13

Tampa Bay

39

53

.424

16 Mike Fine may be reached at mikefine@ledger.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Patriot Ledger


                              641 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday

Kamrani: Utes, Cougars needed to play in 2014

BYLINE: By Christopher Kamrani The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: SPORTS; College Sports

LENGTH: 443 words


There should be traffic.

There should be traffic either off University Avenue in Orem or Center Street in
Provo or off 600 South in Salt Lake City or off Foothill Drive out of Parley's
Canyon. There should be those silly flags rolled up into the backseat window and
confusing license plates attempting to prod and demean the opposition.

Instead of playing BYE this week, Utah should be playing BYU. Instead of having
hosted Houston on Sept. 11, the Cougars should have hosted the Utes, letting the
contradicting colors of the suddenly dormant rivalry run together on such a
significant day.

Instead, the state's top rivalry -- the family-separator, the friend-splitter,
the Holy of Holies -- is inactive in 2014 and 2015. Place blame everywhere.

Place it on Utah for somehow thinking Fresno State should be in its equation for
the next two years rather than the tougher and familiar Cougars. Place it on BYU
for not forcing the issue more and strengthening its vanilla independent
schedule. Place blame on both fan bases.

Many Utes fans, forever riding their high of a four-game winning streak against
the Cougars, feel they're above BYU now, that their arrival in the Pac-12 means
they don't need the validation of facing the Team Down South anymore.

Validation is always needed. When it comes to one of the more storied rivalries
in college football, it's a necessity. Utah and BYU transcends what transpires
on the field, in the tailgating lot or in traffic.

It finds the attention of those who don't really care about either team, both
here in the Beehive State and outside it.

You invite people over for a barbecue, a get-together typically centered around
Utah vs. BYU. You don't invite people over for Utah-Idaho State or
BYU-Connecticut.

"SportsCenter" finds a way to work Utah-BYU highlights into its Saturday night
telecast. Utah-Fresno State? BYU-Houston? Hopefully not.

Not having this game for two years is hard to fathom. Although Utah and BYU are
no longer in the same conference, no longer play on the last week of the season
--ccwhich should also be amended, by the way -- the rivals should still play
annually because Utah-Colorado isn't happening. The measurement of what the
rivalry represents to the demographic is importance.

It's something to talk about. It's bragging rights for a 12-month cycle. It's
inscribing another chapter, adding on to what is the most-discussed sports topic
in Utah.

There should be talk about Utah's defense game-planning for the human tank
Taysom Hill. There should be talk of Cougars trying to know what it's like to
beat the Utes. There should have been a Utah-BYU game Saturday sometime.

There should have been traffic.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              642 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                     March 21, 2002 Thursday Metro Edition

Even legitimate words can offend in the wrong context

BYLINE: By NANCY J. SULOK; Tribune Columnist

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D1; COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 816 words


Today we're going to talk about ethnic or racial slurs, so if such words offend
you, please stop reading now.

Offensive words became an issue again this week when South Bend's school
superintendent apologized for saying something that offended certain members of
our community.

What she said is a matter of dispute.

According to Superintendent Joan Raymond, she had been talking to a group of
school principals March 13 when she mentioned check-kiting. Check-kiting is a
banking term that describes shifting money around to make it appear as if an
account has the money to cover a check, when in fact it does not. The
check-kiter can get money or credit by issuing bad checks.

Raymond said she made a comment that the phrase is sometimes misconstrued, and
she said it can be traced back to Jewish bankers in New York at the turn of the
last century.

Somehow, Raymond's words seem to have been misunderstood, or, perhaps, they got
twisted as they were repeated in the community. The story going around was that
she referred to the "kiking'' of checks.

"Kike'' is a vulgar term used to demean Jews. It is comparable to words that
refer to black people or to refer to people with a Spanish background. Words
like that have no place in polite society.

Raymond had a press conference Monday afternoon to explain that she had not used
that word, and she wouldn't use it. She repeated that she had talked about
check-kiting, a perfectly acceptable phrase in the banking community.

Whatever word she used, she used it in the context of Jewish bankers, and that's
why some in the Jewish community are upset.

I have talked to several local Jewish people, most of whom did not want to speak
on the record about the issue. The point they made, however, is that if Raymond
said "check-kiking,'' they are willing to attribute it to a slip of the tongue.
What they are having the most trouble with, they told me, is her pairing of the
check-kiting practice with Jewish bankers.

Raymond said she had not intended to offend anyone, and she offered her sincere
apology. She sent a letter this week to every staff member in the school
corporation from administrators to janitors to explain what she had said and
what she had intended to convey.

She did admit, however, that "it was probably poor judgment on my part'' to talk
about check-kiting in the context that she had.

Words can sometimes come back to bite us in the most unexpected ways.

I asked Raymond if she saw a parallel between the controversy over check-kiting
and the Washington, D.C., official who resigned three years ago over the word
"niggardly.'' David Howard, an aide to the Washington mayor, used that perfectly
good word correctly to mean miserly or cheap. The uproar apparently came from
people who connected "niggardly'' with a racist epithet.

Raymond said she does not think her use of "check-kiting'' was comparable to the
use of "niggardly,'' although she said "niggardly'' is not a word she would use,
either.

She said she does not use racist slurs to refer to anyone.

The late Lenny Bruce, who used his acid wit as social commentary, once did a
routine about ethnic slurs. The point he was making is that it is the
suppression of a word that gives it its power, its violence, its viciousness.
Bruce, who was Jewish, suggested that people take a word like "kike'' and "use
it until it doesn't mean anything anymore.''

We are not at that point, and we likely never will be. Like it or not, certain
words always will offend us.

Author Leo Rosten said his mother once told him, "You can forget a blow, but not
a word.''

Marilyn Gardner, executive director of the Jewish Federation of St. Joseph
County, was among those who met Monday with Raymond. She said afterward that she
is satisfied with the superintendent's explanation and with her apology. Gardner
thinks the entire episode has been blown out of proportion.

"I would be very disturbed if I found that this was an attempt to smear Dr.
Raymond,'' Gardner said.

Rabbi Morley Feinstein, who had requested Monday's meeting, praised Raymond for
recognizing that she misspoke and apologizing for it. He said check-kiting has
nothing to do with Jews or Judaism.

Like Gardner, he said he accepts Raymond's apology and thinks "we need to move
on and see how in this community we can build a better school system'' without
being distracted by such minor disputes.

Joan Raymond has apologized.

I think she handled the situation just right. When she realized that she had
stirred up a hornet's next, she called a news conference immediately to explain
her remark and to apologize to anyone who was offended.

That takes class.

It is time now to move on.

Nancy J. Sulok's columns appear on Mondays and Thursdays. Contact her at
nsulok@sbtinfo.com, or by writing c/o South Bend Tribune, 225 W. Colfax Ave.,
South Bend, IN 46626, or at (574) 235-6234.


LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2002 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              643 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                               September 5, 1994

Sun shifts strategy toward PCLANs

BYLINE: Jean S. Bozman; CW Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 502 words


Sun Microsystems, Inc. is gearing up to turn its Unix-based servers into
administrators of enterprise PC LANs, Sun Chief Executive Officer Scott McNealy
said last week.

In a nationwide teleconference with industry analysts, McNealy abandoned his
longtime stance as a warrior against Windows-based PCs.

"He did take a few knocks at Hewlett-Packard and Silicon Graphics, but he didn't
really demean Microsoft," said Jeffry Canin, an analyst at Salomon Brothers,
Inc. in San Francisco. Canin said McNealy also cited Sun's recent success in
having its Solaris operating system preinstalled on PCs and servers purchased by
China's hospital system. The Intel Corp.-based machines are from Wyse
Technology, Inc.

The strategy shift, which will play out in near-term software announcements,
positions Sun systems as enterprise servers for corporate applications and PC
administration, analysts said.

The PC LAN strategy could push Sun, which increased its sales by only 9% last
year, into a higher-growth market, analysts said. Yet Sun has tried to crack the
high-growth PC market before by promoting its multitasking Unix workstations as
superior alternatives to Windows PCs. It also sells its Solaris x86 operating
system on Intel-based machines.

This time, however, Sun is spotlighting its strength in servers and networking.

"It's a very smart move on their part," said Tim McCollum, a senior vice
president of research at Dean Witter Reynolds in New York, who listened to the
conference. Among the key elements of the new strategy will be connectivity
software, including links to Novell, Inc.'s NetWare, he said.

The LAN/server theme is part of Sun's fall agenda [CW, July 25]. Two weeks ago,
McNealy, a vocal critic of Microsoft Corp.'s hold on the commercial desktop
market, emphasized the importance of interoperability between Sun's Unix servers
and Microsoft's Windows PCs.

"There's no war," McNealy said of Microsoft and its CEO, Bill Gates. "His
machines connect to our machines; our machines connect to his machines. He's
doing TCP/IP; we're doing TCP/IP. We're interoperating our objects with his.
There will be lots of interoperability, lots of seamless environments."

In the first of several planned PC LAN announcements, Sun subsidiary SunSoft,
Inc. last week announced an alliance with Syntax, Inc. in Federal Way, Wash. It
will jointly market Syntax's interoperability software for PC LANs from Novell,
IBM and other vendors.

"What we want to do is reach out beyond the TCP/IP environment to dissimilar
environments for example, [Novell's] IPX/SPX," explained Cheryl Salatino,
marketing director for PC networking products at SunSoft in Chelmsford, Mass.

Market shopping

Strong sales for Sun's new SPARCstation 5 and SPARCstation 20 workstations
pushed the firm's fourth-quarter growth to 11%. But the bulk of Sun's $ 4.7
billion business is growing at only 9%, analysts said, prompting the company to
look for new growth markets in PC LANs and Internet connectivity.


LOAD-DATE: September 14, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, Scott McNealy

                       Copyright 1994 Computerworld, Inc.


                              644 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                               May 2, 2016 Monday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Letters: Cruz's VP pick won't stem Trump tide

SECTION: EDITORIAL; P-com Opinion; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 337 words


ISSUE | CAMPAIGN 2016

Cruz's VP pick won't stem Trump tide

Let's give Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz some credit - he may be
metaphorically drowning, but he's still a shrewd, calculating politician trying
to stay afloat. Alas, selecting former technology executive Carly Fiorina as his
running mate is a bit akin to trying to bail out a sinking Titanic with a
tablespoon. It is far too little, far too late.

Running mates rarely have great impact, unless it is a disastrously poor pick,
such as Sarah Palin, and even then it is rarely the deciding factor. Not to
dismiss or demean Fiorina - she is a powerful orator who can generate a
newsworthy sound bite - but she simply does not have the appeal to move the
needle, as evidenced by her failed presidential bid.

So, kudos to Cruz for effort, but this ploy smacks of desperation against the
Donald Trump tidal wave that has swamped his opposition. All that remain are 10
primaries, starting with Indiana's on Tuesday, and they seem to be little more
than a formality.

|Ken Derow, Swarthmore

Donald's critics: Becoming what they hate?

A letter writer has decided that 892,702 Pennsylvanians are intrinsically evil
and hate-filled people who deserve to be publicly condemned in the most
prominent paper in Pennsylvania for voting for Republican presidential
front-runner Donald Trump ("Pennsylvania voters have cast their lot," Thursday).
I have to wonder: Who has hate in his heart - the voters or the letter writer?

|Sharon Breen, Lansdale

The eyes have it

My facial-expression pundit friends tell me that Mary Pat Christie was doing a
side eye, not an eye roll, when standing behind The Donald as he lobbed sexist
blather at Hillary "Woman Card" Clinton. If that is a proper call, then Gov.
Christie was right in denying any rolling of the eyes ("Christie about wife:
'That was not an eye roll,' " Friday).

Of course, side eye is a slightly more furtive way of expressing the
roll-associated reaction.

|Don DeMarco, Philadelphia, donald.demarco@verizon.net

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              645 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                            October 9, 2008 Thursday

McCain aides insist he can still win despite losing debate

BYLINE: Toby Harnden in Nashville

SECTION: NEWS; International; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 612  words


SENATOR John McCain's advisers insisted yesterday that he could still win the
White House despite a losing performance in the presidential debate in which he
twice appeared to demean Senator Barack Obama, his rival.

Mr Obama emerged as the winner after Mr McCain, already sliding in the polls and
needing to change the trajectory of the race, hammered away at his opponent but
failed to land any decisive blows.

Polls taken immediately after Tuesday night's clash in Nashville all gave Mr
Obama an advantage. A CNN national poll registered Mr Obama as the winner by 54
to 30 points and a CBS poll had Mr Obama edging out his rival by 39 to 27
points.

But Steve Schmidt, one of the Republican candidate's senior aides, said: "When
you look at this race with 28 days to go, we're within striking distance.
Senator McCain has been written off for dead politically at least three times so
far in the last two years.

"We suspect that opinion is forming up again and it doesn't bother us. At the
end of the day Senator McCain is in a close race and we feel good about our
ability to win.''

A confident and unruffled Mr Obama, who leads by about five percentage points in
national polls and is ahead in virtually all the battleground states, kept Mr
McCain at arm's length during a stilted exchange in which 11 undecided voters
asked the questions.

There was a bad moment for Mr McCain when he referred to Mr Obama in a
dismissive manner as "that one'' - a phrase some commentators seized on as a
racial slight. Talking about a Bush administration bill, Mr McCain gestured
towards Mr Obama and said: "You know who voted for it? You might never know.
That one.''

After the debate, he appeared to dodge the offer of a handshake from Mr Obama,
looking away and instead introducing his wife Cindy, who did shake the Illinois
senator's hand.

Despite appearances, the incident seemed, however, to be an illustration of Mr
McCain's discomfort in dealing with Mr Obama and not a deliberate snub.

He had shaken his hand earlier both before and immediately after the main
proceedings. David Axelrod, Mr Obama's chief strategist, rejected the notion
that there was a racial element to Mr McCain's behaviour.

"Senator McCain's frustration is beginning to show and I think this stems from
the fact that he has to defend a set of policies that are very hard to defend
right now.

"He's on the wrong side of history,'' he said.

During the debate, Mr McCain unveiled an ambitious new $300 billion ( pounds 173
billion) plan to buy up bad mortgages from home owners who could not afford them
and renegotiate them based on the values of the houses.

But the scheme, which he did not flesh out with details, did not create much of
an impact and could well come under fire from conservative Republicans.

Mr McCain, 72, appeared frustrated, tired and tetchy while Mr Obama, 47, came
across as more relaxed and youthful. Mr Obama managed to personalise the
economic discussion by remarking that drivers in Nashville were paying $3.80 a
gallon to fill their tanks.

"Most of the people here, you've got a family budget. If less money is coming
in, you end up making cuts. . . That's not what happens in Washington.''

Mr Obama also scored well on foreign policy, tackling head on Mr McCain's jibe
that he did not know enough about world affairs to be president.

"Senator McCain, in the last debate and today, again, suggested that I don't
understand,'' he said.

"It's true. There are some things I don't understand. I don't understand how we
ended up invading a country that had nothing to do with 9/11, while Osama bin
Laden and al-Qaeda are setting up base camps and safe havens to train terrorists
to attack us.''

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              646 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            November 21, 2004 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

ON PRO FOOTBALL

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 250 words


I can't find harsh enough words to describe my disgust with ABC's introduction
to Monday Night Football.

I am hardly a naive athletic fan, having coached football in the Big Ten and
being involved in a variety of sports at the amateur and professional level.

What twisted mind thinks it appropriate that when we select a football game for
viewing that we should be handed trash to open it?

Their portrayal of sport in this manner demeans the word and denigrates the
network and our country. The apology that ABC offered was totally hollow and
self-serving.

GARY WIREN

North Palm Beach

On college football

As a Florida grad, I can't wait for Steve Spurrier to land someplace so I can
root for him. The way that Jeremy Foley and Bernard Machen treated him was
reprehensible.

After being a lifelong Gators fan and UF grad, I no longer really care about

UF. I will spend no more money on Gators paraphernalia. No more pay per view.
And certainly no more donations to the academic side of the university.

Wherever Spurrier lands, I'll be right behind him. Like him, I feel betrayed by
my alma mater.

TED LUND

Orlando

On college basketball

Being born and raised in North Carolina, I thoroughly enjoyed Dave George's
article on ACC basketball ("This is Tobacco Road," Nov. 14), and it was
certainly right on target. Of course there is much more to say about the
tradition and the "friendly" rivalries that have endured through the years, but
you did a great job of capturing the essence of it.

JEFFERY TAYLOR

Alexandria, Va.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  LET IT RIP

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2004 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.


                              647 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    January 31, 1993, Sunday, Final Edition

Clearing Up the Climate

SECTION: SPORTS; PAGE D3

LENGTH: 408 words


In the Jan. 13 editions of The Washington Post, William Gildea wrote a wonderful
article on Morgan Wootten and the tremendous basketball program he has developed
at DeMatha High School. I am certain all agree that Wootten has done an
outstanding job and this response is in no way to demean Wootten's program at
DeMatha.

Unfortunately the article included this quote from Wootten: "I think the Power
game helped basketball in Washington. Dave Bing didn't have a scholarship to
college until the spring of his senior year. Elgin Baylor had to go to a junior
college offer."

It should be noted Elgin Baylor attended the College of Idaho upon graduation
from Spingarn High School in 1954. I do not believe the College of Idaho can be
categorized as a junior college.

In reference to Dave Bing, there were many scholarship offers sent his way. It
was left to Bing to make a decision. In 1961, when Bing completed high school,
colleges were not offering scholarships in the majority of cases until the
second semester of the player's senior year.

Again, the quote relative to Baylor and Bing passes over the fact that in the
year in which Baylor graduated (1954), George Washington, American and Maryland
did not have a single black player and very few upon Bing's graduation in 1961.
The Atlantic Coast Conference and the Southern Conference had no black players
in the years cited. As a result, black Interhigh players sought out northern and
western universities, and the many black colleges with outstanding basketball
programs.

The many of us who were part and parcel of the Interhigh athletic programs of
the past and present are proud of our accomplishments over the years.

The DeMatha vs. Power Memorial game may have focused more attention on
basketball in the D.C. area. However, college coaches have always known where
the D.C. players are.

Space in your paper would not permit my listing of the accomplishments of
Interhigh athletes (black and white) in government, the professions and the
military. Frank P. Bolden Washington The writer is a former Interhigh coach and
administrator.

The Washington Post Sports Department invites readers' commentary and letters.
They should be typed and should not exceed 400 words. They are subject to
editing. Offerings should be submitted to The Washington Post, Sports, 1150 15th
St. NW, Washington, D.C. 20071. They should be signed and the writer's address
and phone number listed.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              648 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Farmington Daily Times (New Mexico)

                          September 16, 2010 Thursday

Quakers approve nonviolent minute

BYLINE: Staff Writer

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 116 words


Editor:

After deliberating for several months, Durango Friends Meeting (Quakers)
approved the following minute (statement) on Aug. 1, 2010. We are indebted to
Wilmington Friends Meeting of Wilmington, N.C., for much of the language of this
minute.

"Recognizing that of God in every person, we condemn the use of torture for
every purpose. War and terrorism inspire fear, but retaliation and torture do
not prevent war or fear, accomplish a positive end or yield accurate
information. Torture, by any means, whether direct or by proxy, is immoral.
Torture demeans the humanity of the tortured, the torturer and those who have
knowledge of it. It offends the sanctity of life."

ROSS A. WORLEY

Durango, Colo.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2010 Farmington Daily Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              649 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 22, 1992, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Stamps

BYLINE: By Barth Healey

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2; Page 50; Column 1; Style Desk; Pastimes Page

LENGTH: 505 words


Quite a lot of philatelic evidence can be found revealing the routineness of
anti-Semitic activities that took place in Germany in the 1930's.

The Nazis, in their early efforts to control and demean Jews, issued dozens of
control laws: Jewish birth announcements could not be published in newspapers,
for example, and Jews were assigned only certain numbers on automobile license
plates.

One of the most mundane laws involved mail. German law decreed that mail bound
for foreign destinations could not simply be dropped into a mailbox. The sender
had to go to a post office in person.

At the post office counter, the envelope was subject to careful inspection,
particularly the name on the return address; it was here that one method of
tracing Jews came into play.

A decree of the Third Reich dated Aug. 17, 1938, said, in part:

"No. 1 (1) Jews may be given only such given names as are listed in the
guidelines on the use of given names issued by the Reich Minister of the
Interior.

"No. 2 (1) Insofar as Jews may have other given names than those which may be
given to Jews according to No. 1, they are obligated, beginning Jan. 1, 1939, to
assume an additional given name, namely, the given name Israel in the case of
males, and the given name Sarah in the case of females."

The translation is from "A Holocaust Reader," edited by Lucy S. Dawidowicz
(Behrman House, 1976).

As other decrees dictated, the names Sarah (in its various spellings) and Israel
had to be included in every official document, and letters were considered
documents.

Seeking out such material nowadays is a terribly depressing business and raises
a question that all hobbyists must ask, in whatever field: Does the collection
and exhibition of historical items connected with a horror like the Holocaust
somehow validate that horror?

I think not, having been persuaded by a correspondent in England who collects
mail connected with World War II and its antecedents. His name is William
Kaczynski, and he supplied the cover pictured here.

The letter was mailed from Darmstadt, Germany, on Dec. 5, 1940, at 4 P.M. to
Bernhard O. Wolff-Salim, Route 3, Box 396, Redwood City, Calif. There are two
ordinary stamps showing the late President Paul von Hindenburg, who had
appointed Hitler Chancellor in 1933.

The sender, Gertrud Gutenstein of 28 Roquetteweg, had obeyed the law, inserting
the name Sara in the typed return address on the reverse.

Also on the reverse is the tape used to reseal the letter after it was opened
("geoffnet") by the Wehrmacht high command. The tape is genuine: the marks of a
circular Wehrmacht hand stamp are there. The censor who read the letter also
left a mark, a small box with the number 1514.

The letter seems to have arrived in Redwood City without further hindrance. One
wonders what happened to Gertrud Gutenstein.

Mr. Kaczynski would like to correspond with collectors interested in mail from
concentration camps or prisoners of war. His address is 89 Woodlands, London
NW11 9QT, England.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The Nazis required Jewish women to include the name Sarah (in
one of its various spellings) in return addresses, as Gertrud Gutenstein did,
above. The censor who read the letter left a mark: the number 1514. The letter
Gertrud Gutenstein mailed from Darmstadt, Germany, on Dec. 5, 1940. The stamps
show the late President Paul von Hindenburg.

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              650 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                              May 25, 2008, Sunday

Churches tackle tough topic of race

BYLINE: Shelia Byrd

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P5C

LENGTH: 1844 words


The Associated Press

Jesse McGee points to trophies he won in local marathons. He mentions his work
with youth and volunteer school programs. He praises his church's efforts to
deliver Scripture lessons to inmates.

For more than an hour, the 84-year-old church deacon, who is black, chats about
his life, largely ignoring the subject at hand: racism.

It isn't until his wife, Warine, sheepishly shares that their son's wife is
white that McGee offers a confession: He had been uncomfortable with the union
for nearly 30 years - until his Bible study class offered enlightenment.

His story represents a snapshot of how America's racial landscape is navigated
daily, often with religion as guidance.

The issue of race drew sharp focus as Barack Obama's contentious split with his
longtime pastor, Rev. Jeremiah Wright, played out in a national glare. In
response, the United Church of Christ and National Council of Churches USA
called on 10,000 ministers to initiate a "sacred conversation on race."

"The realities of race have not been addressed adequately," says the Rev. John
Thomas, president of the UCC. "Racism continues to demean and diminish human
lives in this country."

To listen in on that conversation, Associated Press reporters across the nation
engaged pastors and parishioners about their individual experiences with racism.

They talked with a choir soprano whose faith fueled her defiance of racist laws,
and with members of an all-white congregation that took the risky move of hiring
a black pastor. They interviewed ministers who act as a conduit between the
alienated and those who would judge them.

They found personal stories, like McGee's, where religion can soothe a painfully
sensitive dialogue and help summon mutual respect.

The conversation, which grew loud and rancorous around the Wright episode,
started long before and continues afterward, but in softer tones that show the
faithful want to be constructive, want to make progress, want their voices
heard. Listen.

Beginning with consideration and respect

The picture on the fireplace mantel at McGee's home in Jackson, Miss., shows a
young man whose cream-colored skin hints at his mixed-race heritage.

It is far more than the likeness of a grandson - the offspring of the union
between McGee's black son and white daughter-in-law. For this grandfather, the
picture also is a reflection of a black man's spiritual journey through the
painful past of a Jim Crow society to acceptance and love that ended at a church
altar.

It was 1972 when McGee's son, James Brooks, told him he had done something that
was unfathomable in the older man's mind. Brooks had married a fellow graduate
student at the University of Michigan - a native New Yorker, and she was white.

The young couple moved to Mississippi that year to teach at what is now Jackson
State University. The campus had been the site of racial violence that left two
black men dead in 1970.

From the beginning, McGee was beset with unease.

"I had to work on that one. I was raised here, and that was a no-no. I know what
would happen to you here if you just looked at [a white woman]," McGee said.
"I've gotten past that now. When we started studying about 'one blood,' that was
a big help."

At New Hope Baptist Church, Bible study classes have been reading about the
concept that all God's people are connected. In small groups, hovering over
Bibles, members were taught that mankind is descended from Adam and Eve and that
blood shed by Jesus Christ is a means to salvation for everyone of every race.

The spiritual revelation has not, however, erased the root of McGee's concern.

"In the South, the white man and white woman have always had more freedom than
the black man and the black woman," he said.

Jean Brooks understands her father-in-law's feelings. "He's had his share as a
Mississippian with race. I think their concern about my race was mostly concern
about their son. They didn't want their son to get injured by being seen with
me," she says.

Racism "prevented him from having opportunities," James Brooks adds. "Racism is
institutionalized in Mississippi."

The McGee family embraced Jean Brooks, and they began where differences should
begin: with consideration and respect.

Commitment to hearing a different narrative

The victim was an unarmed black man shot 50 times on the eve of his wedding. The
police detectives acquitted in the New York case: black, Hispanic and white.
Like so many who questioned the outcome, the Rev. Gabriel Salguero wasn't
surprised by an e-mail asking what he had to say about racial injustice.

His reply, profound in its brevity: "Love."

Salguero shared his response with the multiracial congregation he has served for
nearly three years. His wife and co-pastor, Jeanette, translated his every word
- periodically switching between English and Spanish as her husband did.

Another e-mail followed asking what the pastor meant.

"It means you are committed to sitting at the table to hear a different
narrative," Salguero said. "Listen."

Salguero, who has relatives on the police force, negotiates the minefields of
racial injustice and reconciliation with thoughtful diligence rooted in
experience. He, too, has been stopped for "driving while brown."

Members of his Lamb's Manhattan Church of the Nazarene climb three flights of
stairs in a building that once housed a library to hear the bilingual sermons, a
feature introduced by the Salgueros. The diversity goes further: Salguero
brought in Pastor Shih Fong Wu, who on the first floor simultaneously leads
Sunday services in Mandarin to accommodate the large number of Chinese
immigrants in the Lower East Side neighborhood.

Outreach ministries at the church, which catered mostly to the homeless when it
was located in Times Square, now counsel a group that contends with legal,
cultural and financial hardships and alienation daily.

"When we come to church, we do not ignore those realities," Salguero said in his
sermon. "Justice demands that we recognize that people are oppressed and that
the Gospel is the liberating message."

'You're getting judged by what you look like'

When San Marino Congregational Church launched a search for a new pastor, it had
only one requirement: The candidate needed to fill the pews. The 60-member
California church had struggled to recruit new members and was losing some of
its most steadfast congregants to old age.

San Marino Congregational needed a Moses. What it found was the Rev. Art Cribbs
- a Baptist-raised pastor from South Central Los Angeles. He soon became the
church's only black member and its spiritual leader.

It was an unorthodox choice for the Christian church, a tiny, all-white
congregation tucked into the quiet, opulent Los Angeles suburb of San Marino - a
move so risky, the selection committee polled the congregation about Cribbs by
secret ballot despite the church's liberal reputation. The vote was unanimous.

"When we brought it to the congregation, we were definitely very concerned
because we didn't know; we really didn't know," said Donald Shenk, a pastoral
assistant who chaired the selection process. "Those race questions are often
things that when people are given the chance to be anonymous about it, the truth
comes out."

Before the 1960s, it was common for properties in San Marino to have a legal
stipulation banning sales to blacks and Jews, and until 1989 the city was
national headquarters to the ultraconservative, anti-communist John Birch
Society.

Yet among the 145 applicants for the job, Cribbs could not be ignored. His
audition tape was so powerful, it made Shenk cry.

"It just blew me out of the water. I was sitting there and I just remember
thinking, 'Who is that?' I had never heard anybody talk like that," Shenk said.
"He speaks from such a truthful place and such a completely heartfelt place."

In the year since he's been pastor, Cribbs has stretched the congregation on
topics of social justice and race relations. That's something choir member Holly
Ann Burns hoped for when she voted for Cribbs - and it's a perspective she feels
will help her understand a hurtful story from her own past.

As a child, Burns' church youth group from the Cincinnati suburbs visited a
youth group from an all-black church in the inner city.

"I was all open and excited and the first thing out of this one girl's mouth
was, 'Don't feel like you're doing us a favor by coming down here and visiting
us and acting like you care,'" said Burns. "That put a stop to that
conversation."

Burns, 56, still thinks of the experience.

"You're getting judged by what you look like," she said. "It really kicked me in
the gut. I was really trying to make an effort to understand."

Cribbs doesn't shy from stories like Burns' and sometimes brings up his
childhood spent in a housing development in Watts.

And the congregation? It's grown by nine.

Painful questions about obstruction of justice

Virginia Montague recalls the exchange with a police officer 20 years ago that
left her shattered.

Richard, her husband of nearly a decade, didn't come home after working the
night shift as a New York City cab driver. By midday, with no word, fear took
hold and his wife went to her police precinct in Harlem. A white lieutenant was
at the front desk.

"While I was explaining, his attitude was ... like, 'So what?' And he was very
dismissive," she says, a tinge of anger still in her voice as she recalls his
cold words: "Maybe he's with another woman, maybe he left ... there's nothing we
can do about it."

She couldn't help but think that his reaction might have been more sympathetic
if she and her husband were white.

Richard Montague was murdered. His wife's insistence that police launch a search
in those frantic first days after he disappeared were ignored.

"It's always been in my mind that if he were white, would there have been more
of an effort" to investigate, says Montague, now 66. "I don't know."

White victims seem to win more empathy - from the police and the media, she
says.

The slaying, which remains unsolved, and her painful questions afterward about
how race might have obstructed the urgency of an investigation, led Montague
back to the religion she abandoned 20 years earlier.

She found friends and healing at Mother African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church.
The 212-year-old church offered sanctuary to escaped slaves along the
Underground Railroad and it was where Frederick Douglass, Harriet Tubman,
Sojourner Truth and Paul Robeson found strength from the pulpit. The church has
long addressed racial issues openly.

Montague and Versertile 'Versee' Simmons, who is also black, participated in a
recent voter registration drive at Mother Zion, where Simmons, 71, was baptized
and married. Their discussions naturally turned to the presidential campaign.
Both are Obama supporters.

Montague doesn't believe racism will cease to exist in America if a black man
were to ascend to the presidency. Her friend, though, is more optimistic.

"Hopefully, when he becomes president," Simmons said, "the nation will see us in
a different light and that we are as capable as [any white person] to hold any
position."

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Charleston Newspapers


                              651 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            October 12, 2012 Friday

Neil L. Shapiro: No good reason to eat bugs

BYLINE: NEIL L. SHAPIRO

SECTION: COLUMNISTS

LENGTH: 546 words


Edward Archbold, a 32-year-old resident of West Palm Beach, Fla., died this
week. Another casualty of Afghanistan? A car accident? Cancer? Nope. He
collapsed and died in front of the Ben Siegel Reptile Store in Deerfield Beach
shortly after winning a cockroach-eating contest.

Before he could scarf down handfuls of Periplaneta americana, he had to
participate in preliminary rounds involving worms and crickets. The grand prize?
A snake.

I don't want to demean Mr. Archbold or minimize the effect of his death on his
family and friends, but I cannot fathom what prompted him to enter a contest
that required him to partake of living insects. The python he was trying to win
is a pretty cool snake, but nobody I know would eat live cockroaches to have a
chance to own it.

This contest was not unique. Six Flags in Gurnee, Ill., has had a similar
contest every Friday night during Halloween season for several years. The prize?
A season pass.

People like Mr. Archbold who participate in such contests are different from
those who compete in the established world of food-eating contests. Bizarre as
it may seem, there actually is an International Federation of Competitive Eating
that supervises and regulates eating contests around the world, including the
July Fourth Nathan's Hot Dog Eating Contest at Coney Island, now in its 97th
year. Those contests follow established protocols that include the presence of
medical personnel. Those who compete treat these events as serious business,
training regularly to allow their stomachs to accommodate large infusions of
food.

The prize money   totaling hundreds of thousands of dollars each year   is not
insubstantial. Parenthetically, San Jose's Joey Chestnut, perennial Nathan's
victor over Japan's Takeru Kobayashi, trains assiduously and won this year by
downing 68 hot dogs and buns in 10 minutes. In a weird way, folks like Joey
Chestnut could be considered professional athletes.

But casual competitors like poor Mr. Archbold presumably do not appreciate the
risks of their adventures, nor, apparently, do contest sponsors like the Ben
Siegel Reptile Store.

In 2007, for example, Sacramento's Jennifer Strange, 28, died of water
intoxication hours after taking part in the Hold Your Wee for a Wii game system
contest in which competitors drank as much water as they could without
urinating.

It seems to me that any sentient being would wonder about the wisdom of dumping
live cockroaches down one's throat or filling one's alimentary system with
water. One might not contemplate death, perhaps, but grave discomfort seems a
virtual certainty. To court the consequences for vast sums of money might make
sense. But for a snake, a video game system or an amusement park pass?

Some experts suggest that television programs like "Survivor" legitimize forms
of conduct heretofore unknown. Others say participants are looking to make life
more interesting, to break their monotony. Still others postulate that the goal
is fame, fleeting and limited as it clearly would be.

Or maybe it is just that the globe is shrinking and practices accepted elsewhere
are now finding acceptance here as well. All I know for sure is that I'll pass
on the cockroaches, thank you.

Shapiro is a Monterey lawyer who writes about legal issues and other topics.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              652 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 3, 2006 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Eye on the Ball: It's Bush, Not Kerry

SECTION: Section A; Column 4; Editorial Desk; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 599 words



To the Editor:

In ''The Great Divider'' (editorial, Nov. 2), you acknowledge what has been
obvious for weeks.

President Bush's behavior at rallies across the country has been abominable and
clearly demeans the office of the president.

He has blatantly mocked Democrats and encouraged crowds to jeer fellow Americans
along with him.

I am disappointed, I am disgusted, I am outraged.

In addition to the issues of the day, a return to bipartisanship and civility,
and establishing legitimate oversight in Congress, should also be considered
when Americans cast their votes.

Patricia A. Weller
Westminster, Md., Nov. 2, 2006

To the Editor:

Your editorial ''The Great Divider'' hits the nail on the head, but your
''wondering whether this president will ever be willing or able to make room for
bipartisanship, compromise and statesmanship in the two years he has left in
office'' leaves me wondering: Based on the last 70 months, why would you ever
expect statesmanship, compromise and bipartisanship from this president?

Stan Seltzer
Trumansburg, N.Y., Nov. 2, 2006

To the Editor:

John Kerry's remark about getting educated or getting stuck in Iraq was crude
and ill conceived. After two days, he has apologized.

His judgment was bad, but at least he had the intestinal fortitude (guts) to
admit it, albeit belatedly.

So in the interest of ''fair and balanced'' treatment, when will President Bush
apologize for his remarks claiming that the terrorists will win if the Democrats
win the coming election?

Surely his words were as insulting to every patriotic American who differs with
the president as Senator Kerry's remark was insulting to the soldiers in Iraq.

Do the rules cut both ways? And if so, does the president have the guts to admit
that his remarks were extremely offensive?

Robert Pratt
Monticello, Ky., Nov. 2, 2006

To the Editor:

Re ''Bush Works to Solidify Base With a Defense of Rumsfeld'' (news article,
Nov. 2): President Bush has been proclaiming his readiness to adopt new tactics
in Iraq. His favorite catch phrase ''stay the course'' was discarded, apparently
to underscore his new image of flexibility.

I wondered whether this new posture was heartfelt or merely a politically
expedient response to polls showing dissatisfaction with the war.

With the president's vow to keep Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld till the
end of his administration, I have my disappointing answer.

If the president wanted to reappraise how we are conducting the war, one of his
first actions should have been to replace Mr. Rumsfeld.

Instead, he insists on retaining the very man whose flawed judgment and refusal
to recognize mistakes played a major role in bringing about the utter mess that
Iraq has become.

Russ Weiss
Princeton, N.J., Nov. 2, 2006

To the Editor:

John Kerry on his worst day could not insult the troops more than President Bush
did when he announced that Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld was doing a
''fantastic'' job and would remain with him through the remainder of his
presidency.

Steve Turner
Raleigh, N.C., Nov. 2, 2006

To the Editor:

President Bush said on Rush Limbaugh's radio show that John Kerry ''ought to
understand the consequences of words.'' Mr. Bush must have been referring to his
own words regarding the Iraqi insurgents: ''Bring 'em on.''

Ellen Sandhaus
New York, Nov. 2, 2006

To the Editor:

President Bush's appearance on Rush Limbaugh's radio program just days after Mr.
Limbaugh mocked the uncontrolled behavior of Parkinson's disease sufferers
brings to mind two words: ''compassionate conservatism.''

Mark  Oromaner
New York, Nov. 2, 2006

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              653 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 February 5, 1999 Friday MORNING FINAL EDITION

HOUSE SETTLES FOR VIDEO FINAL VOTE IS IN SIGHT AS SENATE REFUSES TO CALL
LEWINSKY TO TESTIFY

BYLINE: STEVEN THOMMA AND RAJA MISHRA, Mercury News Washington, Bureau

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1342 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Senate on Thursday soundly rejected a plea to allow Monica Lewinsky to
testify in person, and key Republicans all but abandoned a plan to seek a vote
in the trial effectively finding Clinton guilty of misconduct if not high crimes
and misdemeanors.

Barring any unexpected development, Thursday's actions mean the Senate will
finish the trial next week with closing arguments Monday, two or three days of
deliberations by senators and the final vote on whether to convict the president
by next Friday at the latest. He is almost certain to be acquitted.

But first the Senate had to decide how much more it wanted to hear about the
case after four weeks of trial, and senators from both parties agreed they do
not need to hear much.

They voted 70-30 against a proposal from House prosecutors to subpoena Lewinsky
as the only live witness in the trial. All 45 Democrats voted against allowing
the testimony and were joined by 25 Republicans.

But the Senate will probably still hear Lewinsky's voice.

Senators voted 62-38 to allow House prosecutors and White House defense lawyers
to use excerpts from videotapes of Lewinsky and two other witnesses during six
hours of presentations Saturday. Nine Democrats joined 53 Republicans in
supporting the use of video excerpts, over the vocal opposition of the
president's attorneys. Transcripts of those depositions will be made public
today.

Republicans backed away from a proposal to adopt a finding of fact that would
allow a majority in the Senate trial to conclude that Clinton did wrong in
concealing an extramarital relationship with Lewinsky. Several Republicans had
turned to the novel approach as it became clear they could not muster the
two-thirds majority needed to convict Clinton and remove him from office.

But Democrats called the move an unconstitutional run around the requirement for
a two-thirds majority to convict and vowed to wage a partisan fight against such
a finding, which would have tied up the trial and very likely kept it going
indefinitely.

"We have yet to receive any Democratic support, so we'll likely not introduce
the finding of fact in the trial," said Sen. Olympia Snowe, R-Maine, one of the
proponents.

"I don't believe that finding of fact is alive anymore," added Sen. Larry Craig,
R-Idaho.

Instead, Republicans said they will wait until after the trial, then propose
their finding as an amendment or an alternative to an expected Democratic
proposal to censure the president. Republicans said their post-trial proposal
will add a recommendation that the Department of Justice or independent counsel
Kenneth Starr prosecute Clinton for perjury and obstruction of justice
immediately after he leaves the presidency at the end of his term.

The only people still publicly clutching any hope of convicting Clinton of the
articles of impeachment in the Senate appeared to be the House Republicans
acting as prosecutors.

They urged the Senate on Thursday to allow them to summon Lewinsky to testify in
person in hopes that her dramatic appearance in the well of the Senate might
shake up the chamber.

"It's eminently fair that we be allowed to present at least one witness live to
you, the central witness in the cast of this entire proceeding, and that's
Monica Lewinsky," said Rep. Bill McCollum, R-Fla.

Professionalism pledged

He and other House managers pleaded with the Senate, insisting they would not
embarrass the Senate by asking Lewinsky about the sexual nature of her
relationship with Clinton. They said they would talk to her only about the
president's efforts to conceal their relationship from lawyers representing
Paula Jones in a sexual harassment lawsuit against him.

"We will do it in a professional manner," said Rep. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C. "We
will try to do it in a way not to demean the Senate. We will try to do it in a
way not to demean Ms. Lewinsky. We will try to do it in a way to get to the
truth. Please give us a chance to present our case in a persuasive fashion."

House prosecutors argued Lewinsky's testimony was essential to determine the
truth.

"Either Lewinsky or Clinton is lying and the Senate's job is to figure out
whom," said Rep. F. James Sensenbrenner Jr., R-Wis. "I don't think the Senate is
making available the best evidence to itself."

Prosecutors also argued that they were asking for only one witness when they had
every right to ask for more. They noted they were allowed by the Senate to
interview just three witnesses under oath last week -- Lewinsky, Clinton
confidant Vernon Jordan and White House aide Sidney Blumenthal -- and said they
would forgo requests to bring the other two into the Senate in person.

But White House special counsel Gregory Craig argued at length that the Senate
already knows all it needs to know about the case from the volumes of evidence
compiled by Starr in his investigation of Clinton and from last week's
depositions.

"The moment of truth can no longer be avoided and the Senate should move to make
its decision," Craig said. "The Senate must act now to end this impeachment
trial, finally and for all time."

And Craig pleaded with senators, to no avail, to consider the emotional turmoil
such video segments would cause Clinton's wife and daughter.

After the vote, the House prosecutor who deposed Lewinsky, Rep. Ed Bryant,
R-Tenn., conceded that Lewinsky would have been a reluctant, if not hostile,
witness. He said she engaged in "a lot of legal hairsplitting to protect the
president."

Craig also tried to persuade the Senate to keep the videotapes of this week's
depositions from being played before the Senate or the public. He urged the
Senate to allow only written transcripts. He said the tapes would ultimately be
doctored outside the Senate and comments taken out of context to make Clinton
look bad.

"These videotapes will . . . be edited and excerpted and cut and spliced, and
the materials will not be only overused, they will also be inevitably abused,"
Craig said. "It's unfair to the witnesses, unfair to the public, unfair to the
Senate and, we submit, unfair to the president."

But the Senate easily defeated by a vote of 73-27 a proposal to allow only
written transcripts of the depositions into the Senate record. Voting against
the restriction were 20 Democrats and 53 Republicans.

Then senators voted to allow the use of the videotapes.

Still, for Lewinsky, who had already assumed that the deposition would be
played, Thursday's decision meant she will not have to undergo questioning in
front of 100 senators on live national television.

"Monica and her family are pleased that she does not have to go through the
painful and humiliating ordeal of having to testify on the floor of the Senate,"
said spokeswoman Judy Smith. "The Lewinsky family hopes closure will come soon
for everyone else involved."

Advance notice sought

The Senate trial will be in recess today, to allow lawyers for both sides to
prepare their presentations on the depositions and other evidence for Saturday.
Each side will get three hours to talk about what it learned in the depositions
and will be allowed to use videotaped excerpts.

Clinton's private lawyer David Kendall asked for advance notice of which
excerpts the House prosecutors planned to use. Rep. James Rogan, R-Pasadena,
responded with a quote from a California state judge in a similar situation: "It
is none of your damned business what the other side is going to put on."

The Senate voted 54-46 against forcing the House prosecutors to reveal which
sections of the videotapes they planned to use. All the votes against requiring
advance notice came from Republicans. Afterward, Senate Majority Leader Trent
Lott said he would try to work out an accommodation with White House lawyers
today.

At the end of the day, the Senate voted along party lines to defeat aproposal by
Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, D-S.D., to start closing arguments
immediately.

Instead, each side will get three hours Monday for lawyers to make closing
arguments.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: WHAT'S NEXT
Here is what's ahead as the Senate continues to consider the case for removing
President Clinton from office:
* Today -- The Senate will be in recess, as House prosecutors and White House
lawyers prepare to present evidence Saturday.
* Saturday -- House prosecutors and White House lawyers have three hours each to
present and rebut evidence. Both sides are entitled to use videotaped excerpts
of depositions by Monica Lewinsky, Vernon Jordan and Sidney Blumenthal.
* Monday -- Closing arguments by both sides. A vote may be scheduled to open up
the final Senate deliberations. That vote requires a two-thirds majority.
* Tuesday -- Depending on the outcome of the earlier vote, the Senate
deliberates in public or in secret. Each senator is allowed up to 15 minutes to
speak. The separate votes on the two articles of impeachment could happen Feb.
12 or earlier. The votes would be by roll call. Two-thirds, or 67, of the
senators would have to vote guilty on at least one article to convict and remove
the president from office.
Source: Mercury News Washington BureauTHE TRIAL OF THE PRESIDENT
The Washington Post contributed to this report.

                     Copyright 1999 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              654 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Japan Times

                            August 15, 2004, Sunday

Life in a Russian namesake

LENGTH: 1045 words


THE VIEW FROM MOSCOW

By CONSTANTINE PLESHAKOV

MOSCOW - To be a namesake of a celebrity is a curse. A person who bears the same
name as a baseball star or a TV anchorman invariably finds himself a target of
countless unkind comments that demean his intellect, looks and savings account,
and even make fun of the car he drives. No matter how hard he tries to distance
himself from the famous double, friends and colleagues gleefully keep
juxtaposing the two, driving the less prominent twin absolutely nuts.

So you might imagine how tough it is for a city, rather than a person, to find
itself in such a spot. An American city in Florida, St. Petersburg, 8,000 km and
two centuries west of its distinguished Russian counterpart, has been struggling
with such attitudes for more than a century.

In 1888, during the days of the American industrial boom, an immigrant
entrepreneur named Peter Demens - remembered in local lore as a "noble Russian
aristocrat" - brought a railway to the western shores of the muddy Tampa lagoon
and christened the settlement that resulted from his purposeful effort, St.
Petersburg. The choice spoke not only of Demens' sentimentality and nostalgia,
as the original St. Petersburg was his birthplace, but also of his vanity. The
noble Russian aristocrat - arrogantly mimicked another Peter, the legendary Czar
Peter the Great, who had founded another city in another swampland.

Had Demens picked up another location for his brainchild, say, Ohio or
California, his ambition would not have been so obvious, as America has dozens
of other cities and towns named after glorious European venues. But the man
chose the site cleverly, making sure that any allusions to Russia rang true.

Of course, climatewise, the urban twins couldn't be more different. One is a
tropical paradise, the other an Arctic dump. Yet they still share a lot, as the
life of both is determined by the same element: water.

Like its richer and older cousin, America's St. Petersburg bestrides islands,
and it pays for that. Russia's St. Petersburg is haunted by floods; America's by
hurricanes. Both disasters can disable a city for days. Neither the Russian
autocracy nor the American tourist industry can solve the problem.

Today, a brochure in a beach hotel calls the St. Petersburg area the U.S.
capital of lightning - adding that you have unintentionally placed yourself in a
zone of mandatory evacuation. The phrasing sounds ominous and somehow evokes the
image of the stern Czar Peter, if not of another Russian dictator, Joseph
Stalin.

Of course, compared to mandatory evacuation, the local drawbridges crossing the
bays are just a minor nuisance. In the original St. Petersburg, the drawbridges
are huge and swing open only at night. In Florida, they are the size of a
grocery truck and always ready to shut traffic down to accommodate a small yacht
intent on passing through.

The amphibious condition gives the city a lot of atmosphere. Water may be
dangerous and treacherous, but the sight of it taken with an afternoon drink as
an antidote can be remarkably pleasing. Police patrol boats zigzag the bays,
looking infinitely more friendly than screaming cruisers. Signs on jetties in
front of chichi condominiums warn "No Trespassing," while waterfront restaurants
announce "Boaters Welcome." Sunsets comprise highly psychedelic - and therefore
uplifting - colors.

Like the famous namesake, this child of a noble Russian aristocrat has been
built on a grid, but unlike its Russian cousin, it did not fill it well. Some
buildings, dubbed "Mediterranean Revival" in local guides, are sweet, and some
art deco properties are amazing, but by and large the cityscape is exceedingly
drab.

However, unlike its Russian namesake or other cities heavily diluted by water,
say, Venice or Amsterdam, Florida's St. Petersburg has kept itself remarkably
clean. The resultant wildlife is truly blissful. Dolphins play in the bay right
under your balcony, like obliging gymnasts or careless alley toms. The water
teems with schools of tiny, anchovy-size, silver fish. Stingrays hover at the
shoals ("Shuffle!" - the signs on the beach warn). Herons and egrets pensively
cross the sidewalks. One cannot help observe that the local fauna is infinitely
more spectacular than the one in Demens' original hometown: fish instead of
mosquitoes, stingrays instead of vipers, herons instead of, well, rats.

Men and women go out fishing together, but this is probably explained not by the
exuberance of wildlife but by the usual plague of provincial cities: boredom. In
any case, for women, fishing along St. Petersburg's boardwalks is what golfing
is for matrons in continental backwaters.

The infinite tedium is expressed particularly keenly on the rooftop of a local
landmark, the Pier, which faces the city of Tampa across the bay. The rooftop is
propped up by numerous supports, and the flat summit of each is covered with
handfuls of pennies. Obviously, people pitch them up there, as they would toss
rings at a country fair. Many miss, and the lower level of the Pier below is
speckled with thousands of Abraham Lincolns.

Just as the Hermitage looks amazing in the cold Baltic Sea marshland, so does
the Salvador Dali museum in St. Petersburg. The museum was made possible by the
strong dollar in the aftermath of World War II, when a local American couple
started buying Dali's paintings in Europe. The collection is terrific; some
pictures are pure gems. Yet, the Busch Gardens, a theme park 33 km up north with
endless lines, overpriced roller coasters, deafening music and poor food, are
considerably more popular.

Most Russians are not aware of the City of Peter clone in Florida; the Russian
presence in the area is all but indiscernible now, aside from some low-wage
construction workers repairing the Mediterranean Revival mansions and a few
affluent immigrants visiting from New York or Chicago.

They wear Hawaiian shirts and Ralph Lauren shorts and blend in with the
environment exceedingly well, except when they start chatting to each other
excitedly in their native tongue, appalled by the adopted country's parking
rates.

Constantine Pleshakov, a former member of the Russian Academy of Sciences, is a
freelance writer living in Moscow.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 The Japan Times Ltd.


                              655 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 28, 2007 Saturday
                                Regional Edition

Fouls on You for Soccer and Dogfighting

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 333 words


I was flummoxed by Michael Wilbon's column "Get a Kick Out of You? Why Should It
Be True?" [Sports, July 20], in which he commented on David Beckham's arrival in
America. While Wilbon is a highly respected sports analyst, his piece was yet
another example of the American sportswriting mainstream's phobia about changing
cultural demographics and sporting desires in the United States.

Like most American soccer detractors, Wilbon used selective reporting to claim
that the Los Angeles Galaxy is a bush-league squad. He ignored the fact that the
Galaxy is anchored by America's most talented soccer player, Landon Donovan.
Wilbon compared players from the defunct North American Soccer League with
modern players to demean MLS, as if the level of soccer in America is the same
as it was in the 1970s.

Wilbon also claimed that the Galaxy can barely muster a crowd, by highlighting
the 2,000 fans who  showed up July 17 for a friendly -- that's a soccer term
meaning "exhibition" -- against a low-profile Mexican squad.

If Wilbon could look past his deeply ingrained suspicions of soccer, he would
notice that the Galaxy has averaged more than 22,500 fans at home games this
season.  Not one NBA squad equaled this feat during the 2006-07 season.

Wake up and smell the Bermuda grass, America. Soccer is here to stay.

-- Jordan Brown

Arlington

I was astounded to read Michael Wilbon's take on the situation facing Atlanta
Falcons quarterback Michael Vick ["Scrambling for His Reputation," Sports, July
18].

The main issue is Vick's wisdom in jeopardizing his obscenely lucrative career
and hurting the Falcons' chances this season?

Excuse me? The man has been indicted for his involvement in a dogfighting ring
-- i.e., torturing and, so the grand jury alleges, killing dogs.

Did serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer make unwise choices and bad career moves?
Wilbon's thinking was emblematic of what's wrong today with college and pro
sports -- most notably football and basketball.

-- Sandra Kashdan Werner

Washington

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Mario Anzuoni -- Reuters; New Los Angeles Galaxy star David
Beckham and his pop star wife, Victoria, at a party at the Museum of
Contemporary Art in Los Angeles on Sunday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              656 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            April 14, 2007 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Don Imus, Over and Out

SECTION: Section A; Column 6; Editorial Desk; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 722 words


To the Editor:

Re ''Off the Air: The Light Goes Out for Don Imus'' (Business Day, April 13):

There is a hollow ring to the statement of the CBS chief executive, Leslie
Moonves. He says Don Imus ''flourished in a culture that permits a certain level
of objectionable expression that hurts and demeans a wide range of people. In
taking him off the air, I believe we take an important and necessary step  in
changing that culture, which extends far beyond the walls of our company.''

The fact is ''shock jocks'' are called that for a reason. Radio and television
executives have played a huge role in creating the culture that extends beyond
their walls. Indeed, they shell out tens of millions of dollars a year to put
''shock jocks'' on the air because it returns tens of millions more in revenues.
Tom Debley Oakland, Calif., April 13, 2007  To the Editor:

I'm a white, prudish suburban woman with the requisite huffy indignation for all
things racist and sexist. Yet I watched Don Imus most mornings. It often made me
squirm, but I could justify the puerile banter as being another part of urban
culture that I just didn't get. So I was ready to defend Mr. Imus because of the
platform he provided for in-depth, high-caliber interviews.

When I saw the young women of Rutgers, I was shamed as I have never been shamed
before. I suddenly saw my very real contribution to our racial divide.
Indifference. I'd been willing to dismiss the denigration of African-Americans
and women because it's become common and because it suited me.

And I learned the true meaning of grace and courage from those young women.

Thank you all for showing me that I have much work to do.   Lisa Wilson
Yarmouth, Me., April 13, 2007  To the Editor:

There was a missed opportunity with the firing of Don Imus. Instead of opening a
dialogue on a national level, the door has closed. We fool ourselves into
thinking that the problems will go away with this firing.  Michael Bogner
Manasquan, N.J., April 13, 2007  To the Editor:

It is shameful that CBS needed eight days to decide that Don Imus should be
fired for his outrageous comments regarding the Rutgers women's basketball team.
Mr. Imus should have been terminated immediately.

While criticism of Mr. Imus is richly deserved, CBS deserves equal criticism for
its delay in dismissing him. One suspects that CBS needed to see how public
opinion evolved before it made the decision to terminate Mr. Imus. This was
wrong.

CBS should have evaluated Mr. Imus's comments for what they were and fired him
immediately. CBS's termination process was substantially less than principled.
Allen L. Ray Skokie, Ill., April 13, 2007  To the Editor:

Re ''Our Prejudices, Ourselves,'' by Harvey Fierstein (Op-Ed, April 13):

After the dust settles from Don Imus's racial slurs, will anything change for
homosexuals or fat people? Probably not. It is not only shock jocks who so
easily abuse gay and fat people, but also media stars, politicians and others in
authority. Being gay or fat is too often treated as a moral failing.

Mr. Fierstein says it best: ''Prejudice tolerated is intolerance encouraged.''
Gretchen Kronenberg Belmont, Mass., April 13, 2007  To the Editor:

I agree with Bob Herbert (''Paying the Price,'' column, April 12) that if there
is anything positive about Don Imus's recent racist and sexist remark, it's that
it opens up a conversation about how profoundly prejudiced our culture really
is. The sad part is that Mr. Imus will only eventually be replaced by a similar
''shock jock.''

Why not boycott all such toxic commentary? I'm not advocating censorship, but
when Americans quit listening to the Howard Sterns and Ann Coulters of the
world, the media will stop putting them on the air. What passes for
''entertainment'' in our country is harming us.   Teresa Cribelli Rio de
Janeiro, April 12, 2007  To the Editor:

Re ''Paying the Price,'' by Bob Herbert (column, April 12):

It would seem to me that the huge, indignant outcry over Don Imus's
ill-considered and unacceptable remarks about the young women of the Rutgers
basketball team, rather than proof of ''just how profoundly racist and sexist
the culture is,'' is in fact proof of just the opposite: American society has
demonstrated its disgust loud and clear.  Kathleen E. Wheelock New York, April
12, 2007

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              657 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                    October 16, 2003 Thursday, Final Edition

Hackett: I killed Colby student;
In a jailhouse interview, he details the abduction and murder of Dawn Rossignol

BYLINE: DAVID HENCH Staff WriterStaff Writer Joshua Weinstein contributed to
this report.

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1908 words

DATELINE: AUGUSTA


Edward J. Hackett says he killed a Colby College senior in a fit of rage and he
hopes never to be free from prison again. In an interview Wednesday with the
Portland Press Herald/Maine Sunday Telegram, Hackett said he abducted, assaulted
and murdered 21-year old Dawn Rossignol a month ago because he wanted to demean
someone as he had been demeaned throughout his life. He said he tried to kill
himself later that day but failed.

"All I wanted to do was tear someone down worse than they been doing to me and I
only had a short amount of time, when they been doing it for 20 years to me,"
Hackett said. "I still don't know if I had any intention of killing that young
lady. I don't know if I intended to kill her or it just happened."

Hackett is charged with abducting Rossignol from a Colby College parking lot
Sept. 16 and driving her to a remote gravel road in nearby Oakland, and then
killing her. He said he remembers hitting her repeatedly, but was told by police
she drowned in the stream where he left her.

Hackett has entered no plea to the charges but said he confessed to Maine State
Police on Monday. State officials would not comment Wednesday on the case or
Hackett's statements. Hackett is being held without bail pending a probable
cause hearing Nov. 18.

Rossignol's family said his confession brings some relief. Hackett's defense
attorney expressed frustration at the fact that Hackett confessed publicly.

Hackett agreed to the newspaper's request for an interview at the Kennebec
County Jail because, he said, he is filled with remorse and hopes that telling
his tale may prevent similar crimes in the future.

"There has to be a reason of why I'm on this Earth," Hackett said. "If there
isn't, then the whole 47 years has been an even greater waste than I thought.
There has got to be something I can do to help someone, somewhere, just a little
bit of help, somebody."

The 90-minute interview was supervised by three corrections officers. Dressed in
an orange jail outfit, Hackett spoke clearly, but at times broke down and cried.
He sipped water from a cup held with both hands because they were cuffed
together and attached to a chain at his feet.

While accepting responsibility for the killing, Hackett laid some blame on the
Utah corrections system. He said officials there should have known he was too
dangerous to release. Hackett was released on parole last March after serving 11
years in Utah for kidnapping.

"There's just no way for someone like me to fit into a society like yours," he
said. "I'm the proverbial square peg in a round hole. Sure I wanted out. I
wanted out really bad. But I knew I shouldn't be out. I am definitely going to
make sure your system does not let me out again."

Long record of crime

Hackett has been in jail for most of his adult life. He grew up in Enfield,
Conn., and was first charged with kidnapping at age 16, when he attempted to
drive off in a car with a woman and her child inside. At 20, he tried to abduct
a woman at knife point at the local mall, but she resisted.

In 1992, when he was 36, he put a knife to the throat of a woman in Salt Lake
City and ordered her to drive to a rail yard as he groped her. A police officer
intervened before more could happen, and Hackett served 11 years in prison for a
crime he says now could have ended in murder had it not been interrupted.

Hackett described how he had been able to hide his violent, twisted side from
acquaintances most of his life.

"I just hid it, who and what I was. The anger. I was able to hide the anger and
suppress it, by staying loaded," he said, referring to a lifetime of using hard
drugs.

Hackett was released from prison on parole in March and took a bus to his
parents' home in Vassalboro. Maine agreed to supervise him. At his Utah parole
hearing in 2002, he said he needed a structured program to keep him out of
trouble.

For six months in Maine he underwent counseling, checked in with his parole
officer once a week and volunteered at a wood shop where convicts learn job
skills making picnic tables and similar items, he said.

He said he was driving to a counseling session in Augusta, headed for Interstate
95 in Waterville, when he passed Rossignol on the Colby campus. He had never
seen her before and says he would not recognize her if she were still alive.

"I was driving down the street and there she was, a day just like this . . . and
nobody around," Hackett said.

"I just pulled over, walked up to her, made her get in the car and drove away,"
he said. "There was sex involved, but it had nothing to do with sex at all. Sex
was a tool, to dehumanize, destroy."

He has not been charged with sexually assaulting Rossignol.

Hackett stared down at the table in the jail's interview room, then leaned over
and vomited in a trash can.

"I've been writhing around on the floor all day long for six days," he said.
"They can't figure out what's wrong with me, except guilt."

Hackett said he is not eating and refuses medication.

He said the details of the abduction are fuzzy and, as with his previous attacks
on women, it seemed he was in a daze.

"I remember a lot of bits and pieces, and trying to put them together to make
sense of it," he said. "I remember feeling good about myself, that I am finally
able to put somebody else down worse than I had been put down.

"I don't even know how much time I spent with her," he said. "She was just the
vehicle to an end. She was just in the wrong place at the wrong time."

Hackett said he doesn't remember Rossignol struggling.

"I remember hitting her," he said. "I don't remember drowning her. I remember
hitting her a bunch of times. I remember putting her in the water."

A suicide attempt

Hackett said he did not want to get caught. "I think that's why I killed her,"
he said.

He said he discarded a knife and gloves - which he did not use in the attack -
along with Rossignol's key chain, then walked back to the Waterville campus and
retrieved his car.

He continued on to his counseling appointment, then drove to Connecticut where
his sisters live, intent on killing himself.

"I felt I destroyed everyone. I felt I destroyed my mother's life . . . that kid
(Rossignol) who never had a chance to live, her parents' life, anyone who cared
about her," he said.

When he pulled up in front of his sister's house in Connecticut the day of the
killing, she wasn't home. He walked into the woods with "a couple hundred
pills," some marijuana and a 12-pack of Budweiser, he said.

"I wanted to kill myself. That's what I went to do and something happened. It
didn't work," he said. "I started taking pills and smoking the weed. Then I woke
up in the morning. I figured there was a reason why I was still alive."

Hackett drove back to Maine. He says that soon afterward, the police showed up
at his house asking about the scratches on his arms and a bump on his head -
injuries he said came from his night in the Connecticut woods.

Hackett has not talked to his parents since he was arrested. His mother does not
accept his collect calls, he said.

"It's the only thing I had left," Hackett said, referring to his relationship
with his mother. "That's why this doesn't matter anymore."

That, he said, is why he decided to confess.

In offering explanations for the killing, Hackett says he was angry and has been
for a long time.

"I could feel it building and building and building and building inside of me,
that anger and frustration," he said.

Calls parole a mistake

He said his father derided him, telling him he was stupid and not good for
anything.

"He was trying to do it to make me a man. It just didn't work. What it did was
to warp something within me," he said.

Hackett said there were no other victims than the women he was charged with
abducting.

"I had thought about it before, but never took the step, never took that one
step," he said. "As long as you don't take that first step you're fine.

"I did a lot of impulse classes. It didn't do me a damn bit of good. It was done
before I ever knew what I was doing."

Hackett said Utah should not have granted him parole, even though he told the
parole board that he'd learned to control his impulses.

"They hear what they want to hear, just like anywhere else," he said. "You've
got to tell them a lot of things that you don't believe.

"They had the chance to keep me, willing, more than willingly. I had never been
so happy in my life than when I was in the state mental hospital," he said,
recalling the two years he spent at the Utah mental institution, a place with
structured programs and no prison bars.

Hackett said doctors determined he had achieved maximum benefit from the
hospital.

Hackett defended the supervision he received in Maine, saying the state helped
get him access to therapy and checked on him regularly.

"Maine actually did me very, very well. They bent over backward as far as I
could see," he said. "I don't know what you would say Maine could have done to
help me. If you had put me in a halfway house I would have escaped."

Speaking by telephone from her home in Medway, Dawn Rossignol's mother, Charleen
Rossignol, said she felt a touch of relief knowing that Hackett admitted the
crime.

Her thoughts on the man who acknowledges killing her daughter: "What I have to
say you wouldn't be able to print."

She said law-enforcement officials shared with her family some of the details
that Hackett described in his interview with the newspaper.

"We've gotten information from the police that hasn't been let out," she said.
"Some of what you're telling me, we already knew."

The news of Hackett's disclosures also was welcomed on the Colby campus, where
Rossignol was a biology student on the dean's list.

"There was a huge sense of relief when the police expressed their confidence
that they had the perpetrator of the crime . . . I think a natural reaction will
be an incremental increase in that sense of relief, that the person who did this
is no longer out among us," said Stephen Collins, the college's director of
communications. "A memorial service is scheduled here Nov. 8 and I think we're
looking forward to that as one more step in this process of grieving."

Hackett agreed to the Press Herald interview even though his lawyer had told him
not to grant interviews.

Pamela Ames, his court-appointed attorney, would not comment on the specifics of
Hackett's statements, but said her job protecting Hackett's rights is now more
difficult.

"It's his case. It's his life. For me to represent him, I have to be able to
effectively defend him," Ames said. "Defending him may be explaining what the
state has for evidence and explaining the legality of evidence. He's taken that
ability partially out of my hands now" by speaking publicly about his case.

William Stokes, head of the Attorney General's criminal division, declined to
comment on Hackett's statement or whether Hackett confessed to police earlier
this week. He said he is barred from making comments that could interfere with
the judicial process.

Hackett said he spent a lot of time in prison over the past decade contemplating
his crimes and the impulses that led to the kidnappings. He said it was
frightening to think he had the capability for such acts and to consider how far
he might go.

"Not knowing yourself can be a scary thing."

Staff Writer David Hench can be contacted at 791-6327 or at:

dhench@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Staff photo by John Ewing
Handcuffs on, Hackett sits in the library of the Kennebec County Jail in Augusta
Wednesday during a 90-minute interview. Three corrections officers stood guard.
Hackett says he never wants to be free again.
Staff photo by John Ewing
Edward J. Hackett says he killed Dawn Rossignol in a fit of rage. "All I wanted
to do was tear someone down worse than they been doing to me," he said.

                 Copyright 2003 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                              658 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        The Times Educational Supplement

                                January 25, 2002

Just For Starters

BYLINE: Hilary Wilce

SECTION: COVER STORY; FEATURES & ARTS; No.4465; Pg.12

LENGTH: 1927 words


Fast-track training takes on a new meaning in the US, where one course lasts all
of five weeks. And, what's more, it's aimed at graduates who don't want to be
teachers. Hilary Wilce reports on an innovative programme that is easing
recruitment problems but which critics claim demeans the profession and harms
children's long-term learning

Rasheen Booker studied sociology at university, intending to be a social worker,
but after a year in the classroom he's hooked on teaching. "This is what I've
been put on this Earth for," he says with all the enthusiasm of a true convert.
Not that his introduction to the profession has been easy. Oglethorpe elementary
school is in inner-city Atlanta, Georgia. "It's under-resourced. It's 100 per
cent black, with near enough 100 per cent of kids on free lunches." In addition,
he was pitched straight in from his university, Morris Brown College, with only
a five-week training course to prepare him.

But far from sinking under the problems of the neighbourhood, and his own
inexperience, he has learned to swim strongly in the choppy waters of education.
"I teach seven-year-olds. I chose that age because they're not too babyish, nor
are they too far gone. Last year, my kids did wonderfully. I had 19 students out
of 21 reading on or above grade level. And they were so committed. If you ask my
kids what word they'd use to describe themselves, they'd say 'scholar'."

Mr Booker also runs Oglethorpe's after-school programmes, and knows that as a
27-year-old successful black man he is a crucial role model, especially for the
boys, many of whom are growing up without a father at home, just as he did. "I
try to be for them what I wanted from my teachers so bad, but which they never,
ever were for me. I run an etiquette club for them. We do grooming, manners,
eating, attitudes, self-esteem. We have a Dress For Your Best Wednesday. I tell
them you should dress for how you feel. I am very, very big on self-esteem."

Mr Booker is part of Teach for America, a controversial programme to crash-train
some of the United States' brightest young graduates and put them into the
classrooms of struggling elementary, middle and high schools; it would be like
the Department for Education recruiting hundreds of idealistic graduates each
year from universities such as Oxbridge, Warwick and Nottingham, and sending
them to Hackney, Toxteth, and the most deprived rural areas of the north-east
and south-west. But unlike other fast tracks into teaching, this one targets
people who aren't necessarily thinking of it as a career, but who are willing to
give two years to the poor children of their country in the same way that US
Peace Corps volunteers work in developing countries.

The idea for this "teaching corps" was hatched 11 years ago by Wendy Kopp, a
young Princeton graduate who wanted to make a difference and felt sure fellow
high-fliers felt the same. Ms Kopp's story of how she turned her ambitious plan
into reality is now the subject of a book - One Day, All Children - recently
published in the UK.

Getting her peers to teach in low-income schools would, she reasoned, not only
inject energy and excellence into the places that needed it most, but also build
up a core of movers and shakers who would afterwards carry a lifelong commitment
to the education of poor children, whether they stayed in teaching or not. Ms
Kopp had in mind people like Amina Osman, 23, who studied politics and
government at the University of Maryland, but last September gave up a
speech-writing internship at the White House to come to a school in a notorious
housing project on the edge of Atlanta. "I'd been working on education policy,
and I'd been reading a lot about it, but I wanted to know more than you can
learn from books. And I already have. Where my school is, there's only one way
in and one way out. It's all fenced in, and the homes are in a horseshoe, with
the school in the middle.

"It's what my principal calls a 'juvarchy', because it's entirely run by young
drug dealers. People can't get a job if they live here because when they put
down Bowen Homes as their address nobody wants them. Everyone's young. The
average age of parents is 26. There are no wise old grandparents. All the kids
are black, and all of them live in the same kind of apartment. A lot of them
have never even been downtown. They don't benefit from diversity of any kind. An
important part of my job is to try to build their imaginations."

But this is not her only goal. "I teach fourth graders (nine-year-olds). At the
beginning of the year a lot of them could not write a sentence. Only three out
of 16 were even close to grade level. My aim is to have them all write a
three-paragraph essay by the end of the year. I do everything by procedure and
routine because that's what these children need.

"I love my kids. I give them a lot of responsibility. I try to build on
teamwork. I say to them, 'I believe all of us can be a success. But if one of us
fails, we all fail'. I don't ever tell them they're bad, I tell them I think
they made a bad decision. Out of our whole fourth grade of 80, only 15 are
likely to graduate high school. But I know that everybody in my class should."

Wendy Kopp had a simple mission statement when she launched TfA - "One day, all
children in this nation will have the opportunity to attain an excellent
education" - and a simple plan for making it work. From her office in midtown
New York - loaned to her by Union Carbide - she would drum up a vast classroom
army, which she would train and disperse to the swamps, ghettoes and badlands of
the US. But getting TfA started was far from easy. There was no money, no one
trusted the green twentysomethings, and Ms Kopp's naive enthusiasm almost ran
the project into the ground.

Finding good volunteers was never a problem. Neither was finding understaffed
school districts willing to pay them the same as other beginning teachers. But
making sure the young graduates were effective, supporting them in their
schools, organising their five-week summer training, finding funds, and fighting
off their critics required a monumental amount of patience and energy.

The bad moments included summer training schools that turned into near riots
because of poor organisation, and weeks when the bank account was bare. But Ms
Kopp kept her eye on her mission statement and managed to get the project on to
a sounder footing; Teach for America is now squarely on the educational map.
This year, 1,700 corps members are in place in 15 different states and, in all,
8,000 young teachers have gone into schools from the Mississippi Delta to
south-central Los Angeles, touching the lives of more than a million children.

Just how effective they have been has been a matter for vigorous debate in
American education. Over the years the organisation has had to learn fast from
its mistakes. It now clusters corps members together in schools, for mutual
support. It drums into them the paramount importance of raising academic
standards. And it has learned that new teachers are best supported and offered
professional development not by TfA, but by the school districts that employ
them. Many corps members work towards getting full teaching qualifications while
they are doing their two years in the classroom, and just over half have stayed
in education, with many becoming award-winning teachers or influential
administrators.

Even so, TfA has run into fierce opposition from teacher trainers, who say the
programme is patronising, that teachers cannot be trained in five weeks, and
that teachers who are only committed for two years increase the instability in
disadvantaged children's lives. Linda Darling-Hammond of Columbia University,
New York, the programme's most vociferous critic, has accused corps members of
doing more harm than good in schools where they have failed. "Even bright people
who are enthusiastic about teaching cannot easily succeed without preparation,
especially if they are assigned to work with children who need skilful
teaching," she says.

But Ms Kopp counters that three out of four school heads rate her corps members
as better than beginning teachers, 85 per cent of corps members complete their
allotted two years and, most significantly, "when you look at the figures for
their impact on achievement, most are as good as, or better than, new teachers".

Mary Hamadeh, a California middle head with wide experience of employing TfA
members, says: "I don't have any negative comments other than the fact that, as
with all new teachers, we need to give them a lot of support with classroom
management."

Ms Kopp emphasises that most of these young teachers are not likely candidates
for the standard certificate of education route. "These are people who've heard
throughout their lives that if they are to fulfil their true potential, they
should do anything but go into teaching." In addition, the schools they go into
are desperate for teachers, so any resentment from older teachers quickly
dissipates.

Michael Harms, who graduated from Hobart College in New York just over a year
ago, teaches fifth grade at Mariam Boyd elementary school in Warrentown, a small
and isolated town in North Carolina, where "one-third of the way through our
school year, the district still has vacancies. The greatest criticism I've heard
of TfA members is that they're not likely to stay beyond their two-year
commitment."

At the end of his first year teaching, some of his students had leapt three
grade levels in their reading tests, but he is more excited by his success in
encouraging his 10-year-olds to love reading. "One day, when we were reading
Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone (the American title), we had to stop
part-way through an action-packed chapter. The following day, I learned that two
of my students had become so captivated they had taken the book home and read
the remainder of the chapter to each other over the phone." Mr Harms cannot
imagine how anyone can learn to be a teacher without being put in a classroom,
and says his five-week TfA training, which did exactly that, taught him
"flexibility, creative problem solving, and persistence".

"We did long hours. It was 17 hours a day," says Mark Williams, 23, who
graduated in biology from the University of Delaware and now teaches a
kindergarten class of 18 in South Seventeenth Street school in Newark, New
Jersey. "You're teaching in a summer school programme in the morning, then
you're in your own classes in the afternoon, then there's more in the evening.
It's a little scary at first, but you work in teams and you get constant
support."

Even so, he found himself learning fast on the job. "My teaching style changed
dramatically. I didn't have a long-term goal at first. I wasn't sure where I was
taking them." Yet, by the end of his first year of teaching, he had got 70 per
cent of his students at or above the benchmark in school district tests, and
like many of his fellow corps members knows that education has got into his
blood. "I may not stay in teaching forever, I may go into professional
development or something like that. But I now have a really strong sense of
advocacy for low-income areas."

One Day, All Children: the unlikely triumph of Teach for America and what I
learned along the way by Wendy Kopp is published by PublicAffairs, Pounds 16.99
(UK distributor Plymbridge, 01752 202300)See Get Staffed, a guide to finding and
keeping staff, in The TES next week


LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Magazine

                      Copyright 2002 TSL Education Limited


                              659 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 26, 1999, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Models' egg auction Web site nets deal to advertise site selling Viagra

BYLINE: Bruce Horovitz

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 332 words


Talk about a match made in online heaven.

The controversial Web site that auctions ovarian eggs from attractive
models struck a deal Monday with its first advertiser: an online
seller of Viagra.

Ronsangels.com, in its first full day of operation, also received
nearly 5 million hits, according to founder Ron Harris. The site,
which critics say demeans the fertility industry, features pictures
of attractive models and actresses who are auctioning their eggs
to bidders for $ 15,000 to $ 150,000.


Just one day after launching the Web site, Harris closed an ad
deal with North Miami-based mywebdr.com, an online pharmaceutical
company that primarily sells the sexual dysfunction drug Viagra
and the weight loss drug Xenical.

Mywebdr.com and Harris will split the profits from all mywebdr.com
sales that originate from the site. "We think there's a good
link between our sites," says James Catsos, president of mywebdr.com.

Harris says on Monday he also received e-mail requests -- along
with photos -- from about 40 women who want to auction their eggs
and 50 men who want to auction their sperm on the site. And two
models are negotiating to sell their stories to tabloid TV shows,
he says.

"If society eventually decides what I'm doing is improper or
illegal, so be it," says Harris, a fashion photographer who has
photographed hundreds of models over a 40-year career. "At least
I helped start a dialogue on an important topic."

Harris says he received hundreds of e-mail from consumers on Monday,
"about 10% of them negative." After receiving a pro-adoption
e-mail from a doctor, Harris says he will add a link to www.adoption.com,
a Web site that promotes adoption services.

"I'm not an evil person," Harris says.

But critics are unimpressed.

"This is a very slippery slope we're on with companies like this,"
says Peter Schwartz, chairman of the ethics committee of the American
College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              660 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                            February 20, 1999, FINAL

Miller among stars who stayed in school: With the likes ofBryant and Marbury
already in NBA, Utah guard could be pick of

BYLINE: Bob Herzog

SECTION: Sports; E4

LENGTH: 600 words


Stephon Marbury. Kevin Garnett. Kobe Bryant. Ron Mercer. Shareef Abdur- Rahim.
If those players had stayed in college - or gone to college - they'd be
collecting votes for player of the year and All-America honours. Instead, they
are collecting hefty paycheques in the NBA.

That's too bad, said CBS analyst Billy Packer. "I don't mean to demean the
current players, but what we're looking at now is not the All-American team or
player of the year like it used to be. It almost should go with an asterisk."

Packer the Purist rues the day the NBA allowed underclassmen and high school
players to turn pro. "It's rewriting the history of college basketball," he
said.

Asterisk or not, the 1998-99 player of the year remains an intriguing
proposition. You've got a classic argument brewing. Do you like the best player
on a top team, like Duke's Elton Brand or Connecticut's Richard Hamilton? Or do
you like the single star on a team unlikely to reach the Final Four, like Utah's
Andre Miller or Miami of Ohio's Wally Szczerbiak?

Here's a look at a Magnificent Seven of worthy candidates:

Andre Miller, Utah, 6'2" senior guard: Mr. Versatility. "The smartest player
I've ever coached and also one of the 10 nicest kids I've had," Utah Coach Rick
Majerus said. Stat line: 16. 0 points, 6.3 rebounds, 5.8 assists, 2.7 steals.

Richard Hamilton, Connecticut, 6'6" junior forward: Very good shooter off
screens who makes big shots. "Rip is a terrific scorer," teammate Ricky Moore
said. "We do whatever we can to get him free." Stat line: 21.0 points, most
three-pointers in Big East.

Elton Brand, Duke, 6'8" sophomore center: Best low-post game in the country. "He
keeps getting better," Duke coach Mike Krzyzewski said. Dick Vitale said, "My
only problem with him as player of the year is that there's so much talent
around him." Stat line: 17.6 points, 9.2 rebounds.

Wally Szczerbiak, Miami of Ohio, 6'8" senior forward: Supreme shooter -- "Maybe
the best in college basketball," NBA scouting director Marty Blake said. There's
more to his game, though. "Big and strong enough to post people up," Indiana
Pacers scout Al Menendez said. Stat line: 23.9 points, 8.7 rebounds.

Jason Terry, Arizona, 6'2" senior guard: "What makes him so great is that he
changed from a sixth man to a starter," praised USC Coach Henry Bibby. "He was
instant offence, instant defence, instant inspiration for 22 minutes. Now he's
all of that for 40 minutes." Stat line: 22.1 points, 5.6 assists, 2.5 steals.

Mateen Cleaves, Michigan State, 6'2" junior guard: Since Magic Johnson told him
to have more fun on the court, he's been magical in crunch time, with recent
winning baskets against Penn State and Minnesota. Stat line: 12 points, 7.2
assists, 2.1 steals.

Evan Eschmeyer, Northwestern, 6'11" senior centre: Only player averaging more
than 20 points and 10 rebounds. " People say he won't make it in the NBA, but I
don't care," Vitale said. "He's a sensational college player." 20.2 points, 11.0
rebounds.

Packer wouldn't narrow the field to one: "It'll probably be Miller, Brand or
Hamilton," he said. He then delivered this parting rim shot: "You can see how
far down on the list these guys would've been had the others stayed."

Not surprisingly, Vitale is more enthusiastic about his player of the year
choice. "It's Miller Time, baby! After the players they lost from a Final Four
team, to think they are a top 15 club is unbelievable," the ESPN and ABC analyst
said. "Andre has been a tremendous player. He scores, rebounds, passes and
defends."

And he stayed for four years.


LOAD-DATE: February 21, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1999 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              661 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 03, 1997, Thursday, Final Edition

The Reliable Source

Ann Gerhart; Annie Groer

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. B03; THE RELIABLE SOURCE

LENGTH: 822 words


NOW YOU KNOW . . .

First Disney incurred the boycotting wrath of the Southern Baptists. Now the
members of the National Federation of the Blind have passed a resolution
condemning the entertainment conglomerate's plans to release a new Mr. Magoo
movie.

"Mr. Magoo is the Little Black Sambo of the blindness and low-vision community,"
Barbara Pierce, the 50,000-member group's director of public education, told The
Post's Dana Hull. "We're a David fighting Goliath and we don't have a slingshot,
but we'd like Disney to talk to us."

"There isn't a person who is blind who wasn't called Magoo in the '50s and
'60s," Pierce said of the cartoon character.

In a statement, Disney said Mr. Magoo is "a kindly gentleman who is nearsighted,
not blind" and "does not in any way make fun of or demean blind people."

Today's chapter in the Perils of Marlene: Because of his previously scheduled
vacation, attorney Brendan Sullivan cannot make a July 8 court date to argue
that the lovely widow Cooke needs relief from the executors of her late
husband's estate. They have cut off Marlene Cooke's credit card, canceled her
account at the supermarket and want her out of the Northwest Washington home
where Jack Kent Cooke spent his final months.

Sullivan has filed for a continuance. The executors had hoped to evict her by
the end of June.

Meanwhile, somebody is picking up at least some of her checks: Last Saturday
night, she dined in a party of eight at Bangkok Bistro in Georgetown.
Palestinian-born entrepreneur Hani Masri put the $ 250 tab on his charge card.

The Gores, Making Marry

The tents are going up at the vice president's residence and the gardeners are
sprucing up the grounds for the wedding reception next Saturday for Karenna
Gore, 23, and Drew Schiff, 31. The wedding itself is scheduled for Washington
National Cathedral, the same vaulted space where Mary Elizabeth Aitcheson
married Albert Gore Jr. in 1970.

More than 300 understated, exceptionally tasteful engraved invitations have been
sent out, and each has a small card granting admission to the gated Naval
Observatory grounds on Massachusetts Avenue.

The Clintons have been invited, but the president and first lady will be out of
the country next weekend.

While dress is black-tie, the Gores are striving to host as casually elegant an
event as they can, considering the nature of their position. Nevertheless, the
elements of the upscale wedding are there: Vera Wang is making the bride's
dress; Dennis Reggie, who captured the wedding of Carolyn Bessette and John
Kennedy, is taking the pictures. All of the purveyors have had to sign
confidentiality agreements permitting them to acknowledge their role but
forbidding them to utter a single detail.

Of course, not all arrangements are under control. "We have spoken to the powers
that be to request a cool 70-degree day," said Sally Aman, a spokeswoman for
Tipper Gore. "We went all the way to the Weather Channel on this one."

The groom's parents, David and Lisa Schiff, are hosting a rehearsal dinner next
Friday evening at Meridian House, built in the early 1900s as a replica of an
18th-century French town home. Just off 16th Street NW, it has a linden grove in
the back.

The marriage is a mixed one: His folks are Republican, hers are not. Her mom has
written a book called "Raising PG Kids in an X-Rated Society"; his mom owns a
record label, Touchwood, that puts out rap CDs with some explicit lyrics.

No matter. Everybody is happy with everybody else, according to sources on the
veep's staff.

Harriman's House No Longer

The last great valuable in Pamela Harriman's estate is just about sold.

The Georgetown house on N Street that she shared with her third and last
husband, Averell Harriman, before she left for France as U.S. ambassador in 1993
is under contract.

The buyer? Thomas Nigra, who heads the dermatology department at Washington
Hospital Center and currently lives around the corner.

The asking price was $ 2.9 million, but Nigra -- skin doctor to Washington
dowagers and diplomats -- told The Source he is paying "a little more" than $
1.5 million.

Two years ago Harriman, who died in Paris in February at age 76, asked $ 3.5
million for the 1812 Federal-style home but got no takers.

The house boasts eight bedrooms, two living rooms (she called the smaller one
"the petit salon"), a wine cellar, an enclosed terrace, a three-level formal
garden, a heated outdoor pool and off-street parking.

But the 200-year-old hand-painted Chinese wallpaper that once graced the dining
room was removed at an estimated cost of $ 20,000 and sold for $ 55,200 at
Sotheby's New York auction of Harrimana in May.

It's a swell place for parties -- dinner for 12 or cocktails for 800. But Nigra
and his wife, who also have a country home in Easton, Md., decided to move a few
blocks because there is "a much nicer garden" chez Harriman.


LOAD-DATE: July 03, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo; Photo, reuter/luc novovitch; Photo, gerald martineau, Cooke,
getting a little help from her friends.  Here comes the bride.  Half-price: The
Harriman home.

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                              662 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 17, 1988, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Student Athletes Are Students as Much as Athletes

SECTION: Section 1; Page 26, Column 3; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 520 words


To the Editor:

''The indictments involving college sports handed down by a Federal grand jury
in Chicago last week focused on the dubious activities of three player agents''
is how you begin ''The 'Student-Athlete' Myth'' (editorial, Aug. 30). You then
argue that student athletes are mere hired hands and should be paid as such.
This demeans educational institutions and student athletes, and would make
matters worse.

Colleges in general, and Georgia Tech in particular, have a real commitment to
providing a valuable education to the student athlete. We work hard to make sure
that student athletes achieve their potential athletically and academically.
Georgia Tech's student-athlete graduation rate of more than 75 percent in the
last 15 years is ample evidence of that commitment.

Our athletes agree with us on the value of an education: John Salley of the
Detroit Pistons went straight from the National Basketball Association finals
back into Georgia Tech classrooms last June. He received his degree Sept. 2.

If, as you say, colleges should stop treating student athletes as students and
instead as employees, institutions would be deviating inappropriately from their
primary missions of education and research and have no reason for being involved
in big-time athletics. But I believe education and athletics can and do go hand
in hand to benefit both the student athlete and the institution.

Looking at the situation from the viewpoint of the student athlete at
institutions having meaningful degree programs for all students, athletes have
two full-time jobs, one as degree-seeking students and the other as athletes. It
takes a total commitment on the part of the student athlete and the institution
to achieve success. Problems occur when either party has less than total
commitment to either objective.

Few student athletes become successful professional athletes. We need to help
all athletes become successful professionals by attending to their academic
needs as students, as well as their athletic performance. The proposal to treat
student athletes as employees not only fails to address their long-term needs
for a meaningful nonathletic preparation, but also undercuts academic objectives
by drawing attention from the student athlete's obligations as a student. It is
easy to solve the ''student-athlete problem'' by defining it away. In the long
run, the student athlete would pay the price of this solution.

This is not to say the current system is perfect; on the contrary, you make a
valid point in noting that universities can legally offer no more than the
standard National Collegiate Athletic Association scholarship, when most
disadvantaged students need more. But N.C.A.A. rules do not differentiate in the
treatment of student athletes based on need or a specific situation, forcing
them into the clutches of agents. We would not consider treating the other
students at Georgia Tech with the inflexibility and lack of compassion that we
are forced to have toward student athletes.

JOHN P. CRECINE
President, Georgia Institute of Technology
  Atlanta, Sept. 2, 1988

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              663 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                           January 27, 2005 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Percival has nasty edge: Tigers closer hates losing

BYLINE: Mary Caton, Windsor Star

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D7

LENGTH: 442  words


The Detroit Tigers had a nice bunch of guys in the bullpen during the 2004
season -- maybe a little too nice, acc-ording to veteran Dmitri Young.

He expects their collective demean-our to change in 2005 with Troy Percival as
the closer.

"He's real bullheaded," Young said. "That's what was lacking in our bull-pen.
Instead of sugar-coating it and patting some guy on the back, he'll tell you to
get your (butt) in gear.

"He wants to win, period and, if you've got to step on some toes to do it, so be
it."

With more than 300 career saves, including 33 with Anaheim last season, Percival
is expected to push Ugueth Urbina (21 saves in '04) back into the late-inning,
set-up role he had with the world champion Florida Marlins.

Gone from last year is set up man Esteban Yan, a hard-throwing right-hander with
the physical tools to be a closer but suspect mental toughness.

The Tigers grew weary of his inconsistency on the mound, allowing him to slip
out of town via free agency.

"We lost a lot of games between the seventh and ninth innings," Young said.

Detroit's assistant general manager, Al Avila, told a Windsor audience Monday
that late-inning bullpen breakdowns cost the team "15 to 20 losses."

PLAYING THE NUMBERS

Those kinds of numbers would certainly have changed the complexion of a 72-90
season.

Percival has already made it clear things will be different next summer.

"We will work as a unit, that's for sure," he said during the Tigers' winter
caravan. "You can't have one guy trying to get the other guy's job and there
can't be any professional jealousy."

Percival refers to the bullpen staff "as a relay team where each guy hands the
baton to the next."

Reliever Gary Knotts thinks leaks in the bullpen were magnified because they
resulted in games lost.

"If we had done a better job of winning the games when the starter left and was
ahead, I think it wouldn't have been as big an issue," Knotts. "But in the late
innings we gave some games away."

In addition to Percival, the Tigers are counting on successful returns from
Tommy John surgery by Chris Spurling and Fernando Rodney. They have solid middle
relief from Jamie Walker, who led the team with 70 appearances and a 3.20 earned
run average and they see a budding specialist in lefty Steve Colyer, who split
time between the Tigers and the minor leagues in 2004.

Knotts proved himself to be the 'Brandon Inge' of the bullpen, available for
spot duty as a starter, capable of long relief and always ready to pitch.

"I'm kind of a utility pitcher," he said. "I can pitch every day or every other
day. I can be long relief, a set up guy to the set up guy."

mcaton@thestar.canwest. com or 255-5777 ext. 414

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Troy Percival

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              664 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           December 3, 2016 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Vets Who Could Use an Assist From Mr. Trump

BYLINE: By THE EDITORIAL BOARD

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; EDITORIAL; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 479 words


What if there were some issue, some cause, some job that Donald Trump could take
on as president, something he could unite many people behind, a mission even his
bitterest critics could applaud?

And what if this effort did not benefit cronies or corporations, but instead
protected the lives and dignity of vulnerable, disadvantaged Americans, members
of one of the few such groups Mr. Trump did not demean during the campaign?

And what if this goal were realistic, involving something Mr. Trump is actually
good at, playing to his professional strengths?

The job is this: building housing for homeless veterans in Los Angeles. That
city and county have long had one of the largest concentrations of homeless
veterans in the country. They also have one of the country's largest Veterans
Affairs medical centers -- on 387 prime acres in West Los Angeles -- but not one
unit of permanent supportive housing to help destitute veterans leave the
streets for good.

This disconnect has persisted for many decades. It's truly a debacle, and not
just because the property was deeded to the government for the specific purpose
of housing veterans -- in 1888.

As homeless men and women have survived on Los Angeles County's streets and
sidewalks, the sprawling V.A. site was taken by corporate and other leaseholders
for unrelated uses -- for baseball diamonds, theater stages, hotel laundries,
rental car and bus storage, even oil wells and a dog park.

The string of politicians and Veterans Affairs officials who share
responsibility for this failure is long and bipartisan. Democrats in the local
congressional delegation paid the issue lip service for many years. It wasn't
until veterans advocates sued, and a settlement was reached last year, that any
progress seemed possible.

The V.A. now has plans to build 1,200 apartments, with social and mental-health
services, including a child-friendly ''village'' for women, including those who
have survived sexual trauma. Congress passed legislation to enable the
development, and President Obama signed it in September.

But the project has not gotten moving yet, which is where -- next year --
President Trump comes in. Some New Yorkers remember the Wollman skating rink in
Central Park, a botched municipal renovation that Mr. Trump took over and
finished. It's one line on Mr. Trump's résumé where he can claim to have cut
through government red tape and achieved an actual concrete-and-steel victory
for the public good.

Maybe he can do the same in Southern California.

''He can marshal a team of generals, V.A. folk, private-sector and nonprofit
real estate experts and managers and build this housing immediately,'' said
Bobby Shriver, a former mayor of Santa Monica who led the lawsuit. ''He can
promise Los Angeles veterans that he will use his construction expertise to
house them now, not next year or the year after.''




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/02/opinion/vets-who-could-use-an-assist-from-mr-t
rump.html

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              665 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                       December 2, 2016 Friday 00:00 EST

Vets Who Could Use an Assist From Mr. Trump;
Editorial

BYLINE: THE EDITORIAL BOARD

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 474 words



HIGHLIGHT: Building housing for homeless veterans in Los Angeles is a realistic
goal that plays to the president-elect's strengths.


What if there were some issue, some cause, some job that Donald Trump could take
on as president, something he could unite many people behind, a mission even his
bitterest critics could applaud?

And what if this effort did not benefit cronies or corporations, but instead
protected the lives and dignity of vulnerable, disadvantaged Americans, members
of one of the few such groups Mr. Trump did not demean during the campaign?

And what if this goal were realistic, involving something Mr. Trump is actually
good at, playing to his professional strengths?

The job is this: building housing for homeless veterans in Los Angeles. That
city and county have long had one of the largest concentrations of homeless
veterans in the country. They also have one of the country's largest Veterans
Affairs medical centers - on 387 prime acres in West Los Angeles - but not one
unit of permanent supportive housing to help destitute veterans leave the
streets for good.

This disconnect has persisted for many decades. It's truly a debacle, and not
just because the property was deeded to the government for the specific purpose
of housing veterans - in 1888.

As homeless men and women have survived on Los Angeles County's streets and
sidewalks, the sprawling V.A. site was taken by corporate and other leaseholders
for unrelated uses - for baseball diamonds, theater stages, hotel laundries,
rental car and bus storage, even oil wells and a dog park.

The string of politicians and Veterans Affairs officials who share
responsibility for this failure is long and bipartisan. Democrats in the local
congressional delegation paid the issue lip service for many years. It wasn't
until veterans advocates sued, and a settlement was reached last year, that any
progress seemed possible.

The V.A. now has plans to build 1,200 apartments, with social and mental-health
services, including a child-friendly "village" for women, including those who
have survived sexual trauma. Congress passed legislation to enable the
development, and President Obama signed it in September.

But the project has not gotten moving yet, which is where - next year -
President Trump comes in. Some New Yorkers remember the Wollman skating rink in
Central Park, a botched municipal renovation that Mr. Trump took over and
finished. It's one line on Mr. Trump's résumé where he can claim to have cut
through government red tape and achieved an actual concrete-and-steel victory
for the public good.

Maybe he can do the same in Southern California.

"He can marshal a team of generals, V.A. folk, private-sector and nonprofit real
estate experts and managers and build this housing immediately," said Bobby
Shriver, a former mayor of Santa Monica who led the lawsuit. "He can promise Los
Angeles veterans that he will use his construction expertise to house them now,
not next year or the year after."

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              666 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            April 13, 2016 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Offering an Alternative; Kasich, Speaking in New York, Urges Republicans to
Reject Rivals' Negativity

BYLINE: By THOMAS KAPLAN

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; FIRST DRAFT; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 417 words


Presenting himself as an uplifting alternative in a Republican race filled with
fear mongering and negativity, Gov. John Kasich of Ohio urged voters on Tuesday
to reject what he called the ''path to darkness'' in this year's election.

''This path solves nothing,'' Mr. Kasich said in a half-hour address at the
Women's National Republican Club in Midtown Manhattan. ''It demeans our history,
it weakens our country and it cheapens each one of us.''

Without naming Donald J. Trump or Senator Ted Cruz of Texas, Mr. Kasich drew a
sharp distinction with his rivals, both in terms of tone and policy.

Standing at a lectern with a sign that said ''Two Paths,'' he assailed those who
take advantage of voters' fears to ''feed their own insatiable desires for fame
or attention.''

''That could drive America down into a ditch and not make us great again,'' Mr.
Kasich said, echoing Mr. Trump's campaign slogan.

He said his opponents had offered ''hollow promises'' and ''disturbing''
proposals, such as Mr. Trump's call for a temporary barring of Muslims entering
the country and Mr. Cruz's support for surveillance in Muslim neighborhoods.

And Mr. Kasich said that pursuing a political strategy focused on ''exploiting
Americans instead of lifting them up'' would lead to ''divisions, paranoia,
isolation and promises that can never, ever be fulfilled.''

''I say to you that this path to darkness is the antithesis of all that America
has meant for 240 years,'' he said.

Mr. Kasich has carved out a place in the Republican field by taking a
relentlessly positive tone, though he remains far behind Mr. Trump and Mr. Cruz
in delegates.

With little money to pay for advertising and no victories other than in his home
state of Ohio, he is eager for moments that allow him to get his message in
front of more voters, and the speech gave him a platform on which to present
himself as a mature and hopeful option for Republicans put off by Mr. Trump and
Mr. Cruz. The three candidates will vie for more delegates next Tuesday in the
New York primary.

Mr. Kasich urged voters to embrace an alternative path, one where people come
together and ''take strength from one another.''

''Notwithstanding all of our challenges,'' he said, ''America is still great.''

Find out what you need to know about the 2016 presidential race today, and get
politics news updates via Facebook, Twitter and the First Draft newsletter.

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/politics/first-draft/2016/04/12/john-kasich-urges-republi
cans-to-reject-rivals-negativity/

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              667 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           February 13, 2007 Tuesday
                                CENTRAL EDITION

AROUND THE STATE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 379 words


Westchester County votes to ban N-word

WHITE PLAINS (AP) -- The Westchester County Legislature declared the "symbolic
elimination" Monday of a common racial slur, saying its use "remains damaging,
divisive and derogatory."

Referring to the slur only as "the N-word," the resolution traces the word's
origin to slave masters and says it "is used in an ignorant and derogatory
fashion to demean a black person."

Legislator Clinton Young of Mount Vernon, who is black and drafted the
resolution, said in an interview, "I hear it just too much in my community and
in other communities throughout America. No matter who uses it or how they use
it, it's demeaning."

Asked if the resolution, which passed unanimously, impinged on free speech, he
said, "We can exercise free speech by choosing not to use this hateful word."

***

3 students bemoan decline of stoop culture

NEW YORK (AP) -- Sit down. But, please, don't shut up.

That's the request from a trio of freshmen at a New York design school who say
city residents aren't taking advantage of an unnatural resource found in the
front of many of their buildings: stoops.

In an Internet campaign inspired by a recent Parsons New School of Design class
project, Chelsea Briganti, Sarah Feldman and Essence Rodriguez are encouraging
New Yorkers to sit on their stoops and get to know one another.

"I think this culture of social interaction has really been declining," Briganti
said. "People are so busy, too busy to interact with their neighbors, and
they're not building these kinds of really important relationships."

The project idea came a few months ago, as the three were mapping Brooklyn's
Park Slope neighborhood and came across an elderly man named Bob sitting alone
on a stoop who complained that no one sits on their stoop anymore.

***

Man, 21, shot to death outside Valentine party

DEWITT (AP) -- A man was fatally shot outside a private Valentine's Day party at
a restaurant, police said.

No arrests have been made in the death of Xavier Scott, 21, who was shot around
1:30 a.m. Sunday in the parking lot of Barbagallo's Restaurant after a fight
broke out, said Police Chief Eugene J. Conway.

A second man who was also shot, Donnell McGrew, 24, was treated for a head wound
at University Hospital in Syracuse and released, Conway said.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              668 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            February 22, 2008 Friday

USU: Morrill not casting stones

BYLINE: By Martin Renzhofer The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: USU AGGIES; College Sports; Sports

LENGTH: 402 words


Does BracketBuster help the so-called mid-majors? Like anything, it depends on
who is doing the talking.

Utah State coach Stew Morrill isn't about to demean the Big West Conference or
UC Santa Barbara as a worthy BracketBuster foe, and with good reason. The
Gauchos (20-6), who visit the Smith Spectrum today at 7 p.m., have a higher
power ranking that the Aggies (18-9), losers of three straight. The Western
Athletic Conference is only two RPI spots higher than the BWC.

Nevertheless, perceptions being what they are, the WAC is seen as a two-bid team
for the NCAA Tournament, while the Big West, with rare exceptions, has
traditionally been a one-bid league. And the game is on ESPNU, not exactly a
high-profile member of the "ESPN family of networks."

Nevada and Boise State also will represent the WAC in BracketBuster games.
Nevada plays at Southern Illinois on Saturday at 2:30 p.m. on ESPNU, while Siena
visits Boise State on Saturday at 8 p.m. on ESPN360.

"It's a mixed opinion," Morrill said. "It depends on whether or not they've got
a TV game. A TV game is so valuable, and we've lost so much TV in our
conference.

"On the other side, we're mainly on ESPNU and 360 and that sort of thing," he
added. "Nevertheless, it is TV."

Utah State is 2-0 in BracketBuster. Yet despite winning its BracketBuster game,
one of 23 wins last season, USU lost in the WAC championship game to host New
Mexico State and was passed over by the NCAA.

The made-for-television format has changed since it first began six years ago
and the idea was to provide a national stage to teams with NCAA Tournament
aspirations. Now, more than 100 teams are paired, but only 28 get TV games.

"It changed the format we really liked originally," Boise State coach Greg
Graham said. "You hope you get television games because of the exposure."

New Mexico State coach Marvin Menzies, a former assistant at Louisville,
believes television exposure is a big deal on the recruiting trail.

"Anytime you go into a home an say, 'Hey we're going to play on television so
many games,' and sell it as piece of the [recruiting] package, it's appealing.
It definitely helps in selling wares. People love to be seen."

martyr@sltrib.com

UCSB at USU

Where: Smith Spectrum, Logan

Tipoff: Today, 7:05 p.m.

TV: ESPNU

Radio: 610 AM, 1230 AM, 95.9 FM (Logan)

Records: UC Santa Barbara 20-6; USU 18-9

Series: USU 36-22

Last meeting: USU, 80-70 (Jan. 6, 2005)

Line: Utah State by 6

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              669 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lancaster New Era (Pennsylvania)

                           November 2, 2006 Thursday

Kerry gaffe exposes Dem shortcomings

BYLINE: Editorials

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 591  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Sen. John "Did you hear the one about...?" Kerry, says he was only joking when
he told a college audience in California on Monday that students risked getting
"stuck in Iraq" if they didn't study hard and do their homework.

But the joke is on the liberal senator from Massachusetts, whose ill-advised
remark elicited outrage from Americans who believe it demeans the dedicated
service of U.S. military men and women, not only in Iraq, but in Afghanistan and
other trouble spots around the globe.

Republicans rightly seized on the remark as emblematic of the Democrats' disdain
for the military, but even many Democrats displayed a collective harrumph!

Americans of all parties know that some of the best and brightest people serve
in our armed forces, hardly the uneducated and unmotivated group that was the
foil in Kerry's "joke."

Calls to apologize initially went unheeded by Kerry, who blamed the gaffe on his
inability to deliver a punch line. The senator then tried to turn the tables on
Republicans, saying they were using the verbal slip-up to divert attention from
a failed Iraq policy just one week before crucial midterm elections.

But when the enormity of his mistake began to sink in, Kerry started singing a
different tune, first on a nationally syndicated talk-radio program on Tuesday.

Then on Wednesday, he issued a statement, which said, in part:

"I sincerely regret that my words were misinterpreted to wrongly imply anything
negative about those in uniform, and I personally apologize to any service
member, family member or American who was offended."

The apology may sound sincere, but we're skeptical. In this carefully crafted
half-apology, the senator regrets only that others "misinterpreted" his words.
They are at fault. He doesn't say he was wrong.

And the senator stubbornly clings to the notion that his gaffe is being used by
partisan Republicans as "a diversion from the real issues."

But it wasn't the Republicans who created the diversion. It was Kerry himself
with his impertinent and insensitive remark about U.S. forces in Iraq.

Kerry's remark is significant because it freshly highlights an ongoing pattern
of high-profile Democrats who express disdain for the U.S. military serving in
Iraq and elsewhere.

Sen. Dick Durbin of Illinois famously compared U.S. troops to Nazis (a remark
for which he later apologized). Ted Kennedy said, "The U.S. military presence
(in Iraq) has become a part of the problem, not part of the solution." Rep.
Nancy Pelosi of California called a resolution to support U.S. troops a "bitter
pill."

The response of Senate candidate Bob Casey, a Democrat, is no less disconcerting
for Pennsylvanians.

Rather than repudiating Kerry's remark, Casey agreed with the senator that the
Republicans are using it to their political advantage - in Casey's case, in his
race against Sen. Rick Santorum.

To draw as little negative publicity as possible to the Casey campaign, Kerry
agreed to stay away from a previously scheduled Casey campaign event in
Philadelphia on Wednesday. Now who's playing politics?

The gaffe by Kerry - and to a degree, Casey's tepid response - illustrate a
major difference between Democrats and Republicans on the important issue of
leadership.

By their words and deeds, Democratic Party leaders have made their party the one
that undermines the important work of our military. Republicans' support of the
troops, on the other hand, remains as strong as ever.

In 2004, Kerry didn't prove himself to be much of a presidential candidate. Now
we know he's not much of a comedian either.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              670 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            October 22, 1999 Friday
                                  City Edition

Red Cloud backers sing praises to hall of fame

BYLINE: AARON SANDERFORD Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 548 words


The Nebraska Hall of Fame campaign for Oglala Lakota Chief Red Cloud continued
Thursday when supporters presented his case for enshrinement to members of the
hall commission.

Robin Neihardt, grandson of the late Nebraska poet laureate John Neihardt, read
a speech prepared by Charles Trimble, former president of the Nebraska State
Historical Society. Trimble, an Oglala who has an Omaha consulting business, was
unable to attend because of a family death.

"I want to say that I will not ask for any special consideration in your
deliberations for equal representation based on race or ethnicity or for
diversity," Trimble wrote. "Red Cloud's greatness stands alone.

"Justifying his place in the Hall of Fame on anything other than his great
leadership and accomplishments would demean his rightful place in history."

Other Hall of Fame nominees include Omaha architect Thomas Kimball, Kool-Aid
inventor Edwin Perkins of Hastings and Nebraska's first U.S. Senate majority
leader, former Sen. Kenneth Wherry of Pawnee City.

Red Cloud, born in Garden County in 1822, spent much of his life in Nebraska and
deserves to be in the hall, Trimble wrote.

The chief was a patriot in the purest sense, said Trimble. He was an exceptional
warrior, war chief, strategist, tactician and general, according to Trimble.

"No American patriot held his homeland in his heart as strongly as did Red
Cloud," he wrote. "No one fought more bravely against forces that sought to take
his homeland and destroy his heritage."

A highlight of Red Cloud's struggle against westward expansion occurred in the
1860s, when the U.S. government announced it was building the Bozeman Trail as a
means to get to Montana's gold fields.

The trail crossed through the heart of the Lakota's prime hunting grounds, so
Red Cloud organized a two-year war up and down the trail that eventually
persuaded the government to sign a treaty and abandon the trail.

"He defeated the U.S. cavalry and brought the U.S. government to the treaty
table on his terms," Trimble wrote.

The discovery of gold in South Dakota's Black Hills triggered another Indian
war, but the Oglala ultimately were defeated and forced onto the Pine Ridge
Indian Reservation.

Shortly afterwards, Red Cloud began exerting his influence as the tribe's elder
statesman. He died in 1909, spending his last years on the South Dakota
reservation.

"In order to appreciate his difficult role in those later years of his life, it
is important to understand the traditional governance structure of the Lakota
and leadership in the tribes," Trimble wrote. "Survival of tribal society on the
vast, harsh plains required tight structure, organization and discipline."

Judi Morgan of the Nebraska Commission on Indian Affairs read a proclamation of
tribal support for the chief's hall entry. She told commission members that
without Red Cloud's sacrifices, the other nominees might not have had the chance
to be great.

The commission's eight members will decide who joins the 22-member hall in
January. There will be no public deliberations because of a change in operating
procedure, commission chairman Jeff Barnes said.

Meanwhile, Neihardt said he didn't envy the commission's difficult decision.

"I think they are all deserving," he said. The Associated Press also contributed
to this story.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Promoted for the hall: Red Cloud, a chief of the Oglala Lakota,
deserves a place in the Nebraska Hall of Fame, supporters told a state
commission Thursday. b/w photo of Chief Red Cloud, THE ASSOCIATED PRESS, digital
- local news catalog

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1999 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              671 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Morning Star (Wilmington, NC)

                            April 11, 1998, Saturday

New teacher test ineffective, unfair

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 383 words


North Carolina's latest attempt to improve its public schools includes many
promising elements. Giving an off-the-shelf test to teachers at failing schools
is not among them.

Not that our schools don't harbor some bad teachers. Obviously, they do. Just as
obviously, they should be gotten rid of.

But this is no way to do it. In the first place, teachers are to be tested only
in a handful of schools that failed miserably to meet goals set by the state.
Rotten teachers in good schools get a free ride.

And consider what this hurdle does to good, dedicated teachers in schools where
conditions are tough: It demeans them, puts them under pressure and may
embarrass them about fine points that don't really matter. That's no way to
attract andretain good teachers in the schools that need them most.

Then there's the test itself: Does it measure how well teachers perform?

No way. It measures general knowledge - an important qualification, without
doubt, but hardly the only one. This test wasn't designed for teachers at all,
but for students who want to graduate from state universities in Florida.

One would hope that North Carolina's teachers could easily have passed such a
test when they were in college, but as years pass, the lessons learned as an
undergraduate inevitably fade.

How many of us would want to take the SAT again a decade or two after high
school? We've probably acquired a pile of useful knowledge since then, about our
jobs and politics and life in general, but - let's see - what is that formula
for finding the area of a circle? Pie are what?

The first batch of teachers to be required to take this test work at only a
handful of the state's very worst-performing schools. But a greater number will
be required to take it in coming years.

It's hard to believe the slight benefits would be worth the heavy price.

Legislators had the best of intentions when they passed the law requiring the
test. They were right to try to get rid of teachers who can't do the job.

But the tool the Honorables chose won't begin to do the job. It mainly will make
life needlessly unpleasant for many teachers and embarrass some of them because
they can't remember the capital of South Dakota.

Lawmakers should admit their mistake and try again.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 Wilmington Star-News, Inc.


                              672 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Jerusalem Post

                           February 12, 2009 Thursday

The Pollard Affair: Was it dual loyalty?

BYLINE: ELI KAVON

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1112 words



HIGHLIGHT: The heavy price of citizenship is that Jews lost their national
identity. The writer is on the faculty of Nova Southeastern University's
LifelongLearning Institute in Davie, Florida.


I am proud to be an American. One hundred years ago the United States provided a
safe haven for my ancestors who were escaping pogroms and poverty in czarist
Russia. My father fought in the US Army as an infantry sergeant against the Nazi
peril. I studied comparative religion and history at Columbia University in New
York, an Ivy League school that would not have accepted me in the 1920s due to
quotas against Jewish enrollment . My country affords me the right to express my
Jewish identity and faith, giving me the freedom to stand up for who I am. The
US is the leader of the free world. Why shouldn't I be proud of being an
American?

Watching the inauguration of President Barack Obama, I was of course impressed
with the American system of government that gives the son of an immigrant the
opportunity to lead one of the world's great and diverse nations. It always
amazes me how the transition of power is carried out here - democratically and
peacefully. The system set in place by America's founding fathers more than 200
years ago has assured the vitality and relevance of US democracy into the 21st
century.

Yet, while America is a land of opportunity and justice, there is not always
justice for all Americans. I am thinking specifically of Jonathan Pollard. I was
disappointed that outgoing president George W. Bush did not pardon Pollard for
his treasonous acts of more than two decades ago. The FBI arrested Pollard in
November 1985. A 31-year-old American Jew, Pollard was a civilian employee of US
Naval Intelligence who provided Israeli spies with classified American satellite
data on the location of Syrian antiaircraft batteries and of Iraqi nuclear test
sites.

The Reagan administration, reeling from other espionage scandals, came down hard
on Pollard and, in March 1987, an American court sentenced him to life in
prison. It is not a question of Pollard's guilt or innocence - Jonathan Pollard
betrayed his country. But does he truly deserve to be imprisoned for life? Was
the information he gave to Israel - a staunch American ally - as damaging as
information that other American traitors handed over to our enemies?

MOST AMERICAN Jews, as loyal supporters as they are of Israel, would never have
betrayed this great country like Pollard did. But the Pollard Affair raises many
questions about the specter of dual loyalty among American Jews. It is obvious
that Pollard did not truly believe he was betraying his country. As an American
Jew, I have lived my whole life hearing the mantra that "the interests of
America are the interests of Israel." Fortunately, we, as Jews in America, have
been protected from charges of dual loyalty precisely because the American dream
and the Zionist dream share so much in common.

Perhaps Pollard thought that by helping Israel fight its enemies, he was helping
America fight its enemies. In the post-9/11 world, America and Israel are indeed
fighting the common enemy of global terrorism and Islamic extremists. But let us
imagine that a day will come in America when US and Israeli goals are not the
same. I do not see that day coming soon, yet in theory all American Jews who
love and support Israel are faced with the specter of dual allegiance. What
would we do if in a future conflict our country was in direct opposition to the
Jewish state?

PERHAPS POLLARD never read the wonderful letter of support that George
Washington wrote to the Jews of Newport, Rhode Island after the first
president's visit to the Touro Synagogue in August 1790. Washington wrote that
all Americans "possess alike liberty of conscience and immunities of
citizenship" - Jews would no longer be a tolerated "class of people." The
American government would "give to bigotry no sanction, to persecution no
assistance."

Of course, this newfound freedom is not offered freely. If Jews are to be
citizens with full equality under the law they must "demean [conduct] themselves
as good citizens." Did not Jonathan Pollard realize this when he was committing
acts of treason against America?

Legally, American Jews are Americans first. Their belief and identity as Jews is
a private matter, one of free choice and volunteerism. The word "Jew" is not
stamped on my passport. I have no legal status in America as a Jew. I am an
American. As long as I remain an American citizen, my legal identity is that of
my nation. If, for some reason, there were to be a conflict between my legal
status as an American and my private status as a Jew and a Zionist, my loyalty
as an American would come first. If I did not believe this, I might fall into
Pollard's trap. Jonathan Pollard should have realized that as much as Israel and
the US have in common in terms of long-term goals, the first allegiance of an
American Jew is to America - not to the Jewish state.

THE POLLARD AFFAIR should serve as a reminder to American Jews that, as Jews
living in America, we are living lives not of dual loyalty but of dual identity.
As far apart as is the chasm between Norman Podhoretz and Noam Chomsky in the
realm of ideology, both men are legally Americans. The Satmar Hassid living in
New Square and the Jewish atheist who eats bacon for breakfast on Yom Kippur in
Los Angeles are each Americans. As an American, I have more in common with an
American of African descent than I do with a Jew in Israel, even a Jew in
Jerusalem who is from the same shtetl in Russia from whence my ancestors came.

I do not know if all American Jews realize this. If a Jew in America wants to
have legal, national and public status as a Jew, he or she should make aliya.
The Law of Return is a legal recognition that Jewish identity is a national
identity. Identity in the Jewish state, usually for the good but sometime for
the bad, is Jewish identity. The American and French revolutionaries of two
centuries ago would not stand for a state within a state. The heavy price of
citizenship is that Jews lost their national identity. Zionism was both a
response to anti-Semitism and a response to that loss of public Jewish identity.

The Pollard Affair, unlike the infamous framing of Capt. Alfred Dreyfus in Paris
more than a century ago, did not result in cries of "Death to the Jews." That
difference is one of the things that makes America so great. But let us always
remember, Jonathan Pollard's treachery may be an exception to the rule when it
comes to American Jewry, but the psychology of this traitor - a psychology that
denies the possibility of dual loyalty for American Jews who love and support
Israel - is a mind-set that lurks behind us all, and will not go away as soon as
we might like.

The specter of dual loyalty remains. Our divided identity is, today, a reality.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: GEORGE WASHINGTON wrote to the Jews that if they are to be
citizens with full equality under the law, they must 'demean [conduct]
themselves as good citizens.'

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              673 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                            November 13, 2015 Friday
                                 FINAL Edition

Clout: Make fruit punch great again?

SECTION: LOCAL; P-com News; Pg. 08

LENGTH: 985 words


IN THE INTEREST of combatting the absurdity of the Republican presidential field
- and creating engaging art - some politically minded Philly-area artists bought
a gargantuan tour bus used by Donald Trump's presidential campaign and let
people throw fruit punch at it.

Of course!

Daily News intern Joe Brandt brought us this Clout item:

"We're trying to drive some smiles, but we're also trying to talk about some of
the absurdity in the political world," said David Gleeson, who with t.Rutt and
other artists put together "America on the Rag."

The exhibit is spurred in part by the Donald's comment after the first
Republican debate that moderator Megyn Kelly had "blood coming out of her
wherever," and encouraging the candidates not to demean women about their time
of the month.

This just got real awkward real fast. We're going to stand over there while
Brandt continues:

The team bought the bus last month in Des Moines, Iowa, and were told Trump
boarded it at least twice during the Iowa State Fair. They stopped the bus at a
Chris Christie rally in Iowa before taking it back to Philadelphia and revamping
it.

One side now features the name of t.Rutt, himself a reference to a Marcel
Duchamp piece, and another side reading "T.Rump," a compound of Trump and the
artist. The hashtag is #MakeFruitPunchGreatAgain, a play on the campaign slogan
"Make America Great Again," which has been featured on Trump campaign T-shirts
and trucker caps.

The letters on each side of the bus are made of absorbent material, so throwing
red fruit punch at the blue-and-white bus helps it become red, white and blue.

"That was hopefully a very clear effort to get people to express themselves
physically about what's going on in the Republican primary," Gleeson said
yesterday.

OK, we have no idea what's happening anymore, but we don't want to stifle
Brandt's reporting. So, here's more:

The exhibit also makes mention of "The Scrotal Majority," a play on "the silent
majority," referring to a group of men who prefer candidates who don't act like
Trump did toward Kelly. Other exhibits at the Miami event will feature swords,
referencing an apparent quote from Marla Trump, his second wife, on the blustery
Republican's "swordsmanship" in bed.

Next month, they're taking the bus to the Conception Contemporary Art Fair in
Miami, but they might have one or two more events before then when
Philadelphians can toss punch. On a stop in South Bend, Ind., and later near
Carlisle, Pa., Gleeson climbed on top of the tour bus with a golf club and teed
off as hard as he could on a golf ball with Trump's face on it.

"This is about using the bus to drive him out of the race, and using the golf
ball to drive the Donald into the sunset," Gleeson said.

Clout is remaining neutral in the 2016 presidential race.

But in case you haven't been following the GOP train wreck, Trump is the
egomaniacal comb-over specialist who soared in the polls when he somehow managed
to become even more obnoxious than Christie.

Trump, a real-estate mogul who hates immigrants and China equally, is generally
considered to be the second-craziest candidate in the Republican field, but far
and away the most Vine-able.

Kenney's pick for fire commish?

Philadelphia found out this week who will be replacing Charles Ramsey as the
next police commissioner: Richie Ross.

No surprise there. We would've bet our house on Ross years ago.

So, now you ask: Hey, Clout, who will be Mayor-elect Jim Kenney's choice for
fire commissioner? Good question.

We heard this week from a well-placed source that current Fire Commissioner
Derrick Sawyer, a 29-year veteran, could be on his way out. The same source said
the early favorite to succeed Sawyer is FEMA official Fred Endrikat - who
previously served as the Philadelphia Fire Department's special operations chief
- but that a guy named Joe Comas is the dark-horse candidate championed by
rank-and-file firefighters. Comas served in the department from 1992 to last
year, including as deputy chief and deputy fire marshal.

We did a little digging yesterday and were told that Comas has since taken
himself out of the running.

So we went to Kenney spokeswoman Lauren Hitt and asked what's up. She said
Kenney won't be announcing the next fire commissioner until mid-December "so
this speculation is all very premature."

Fine. We asked Hitt if she could comment on the odds for Sawyer or Endrikat and
she responded, "Nope."

She really has a way with words.

Milton vs. God: Part II

We here at Clout are not exactly a God-fearing lot, but we're starting to wonder
if a Supreme Being somewhere up there has a personal grudge against one T.
Milton Street Sr.

The former state senator last Thursday had to postpone a planned news conference
in front of District Attorney Seth Williams' office - on the topic of the
never-ending Porngate email saga - because of early morning rain.

While speaking to reporters during an impromptu Q&A - because, hey, it's Milton
- he promised to hold his presser on Tuesday. The weather forecast for that day,
he said, was looking good, real good.

Guess what happened on Tuesday? The heavens opened. Porn presser rained out
again.

Milton's cause is seemingly righteous. He wants Williams to fire prosecutors
Frank Fina, Marc Costanzo and Pat Blessington, because all three were tied to
racist, pornographic, homophobic and misogynist emails that circulated through
the state Attorney General's Office when they worked there.

But then we remembered that Milton also twice endured rainouts - or was it snow?
- last winter when he intended to announce that he was going to run for mayor.

C'mon, O Holy One. Cut Milton some slack. Can't you let a quirky local guy have
a half-hour to show off copies of offensive emails that state employees shared
on their work computers? Eh?

- Staff writers Joseph Brandt, David Gambacorta and William Bender contributed
to this report.

On Twitter: @wbender99


LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: Sarah Muehlbauer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              674 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 30, 1991, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Some Heat now on Cunningham

BYLINE: Peter Vecsey

SECTION: SPORTS; NBA COMMENTARY; Pg. 8C

LENGTH: 856 words


Heat coach Ron Rothstein meets Wednesday in Miami with owner Billy Cunningham to
learn officially what everyone else already seems to know - that Rothstein's
future with the team is behind him.

This, despite the feeling by everyone whose opinion I value that Rothstein has
done a commendable job during his three-year tenure under expansion conditions.
His only excess baggage seems to be his oppressive style, a la Hubie Brown, that
has a way of grating on players and turning off people, especially when losing
at Miami's rate.

 That's not to demean Rothstein. Let's be realistic, losing an expansion
coaching job before anything worthwhile is accomplished certainly is no
disgrace. Only two men, in fact, Bill Fitch and Dick Motta, have been able to
please their bosses, and there were extenuating circumstances.

Fitch kept his position in Cleveland until the Cavaliers recruited enough talent
to figure out how to win because he told a lot of jokes, was his own boss (GM)
and worked cheap.

Motta outlived the horrendous early times in Dallas, and thus was there when the
Mavericks made a sincere title run or two because he made fast friends with
owner Donald Carter and exploited Cavaliers owner Ted Stepien in one trade
confiscation after another.

Rothstein's expected exodus makes Orlando's Matt Guokas (two years) the dean of
the league's latest four franchises. He made a big mistake, probably, by guiding
the Magic to so many wins (31) so quickly.

At any rate, several names have surfaced as possible replacements for Rothstein,
the latest and most logical being P.J. Carlesimo, a friend of Cunningham. Billy
C has tried to convince P.J. of the merits of turning pro, apparently
unsuccessfully.

Carlesimo's plan, barring any unforeseen offers that are impossible to reject
(the Knicks have indirectly contacted him to gauge his interest), is to remain
at Seton Hall, where he likes his chances to make some noise the next couple
seasons, and assist Chuck Daly in the '92 Olympics. After that, who knows?

So who does Cunningham recruit to replace Rothstein? Perhaps his good friend
Rollie Massimino? I doubt it. The Villanova coach already embarrassed Lewis
Schaffel way back when Miami's current managing partner ran the Nets, and
Massimino went back on his word on the day he was supposed to be introduced to
the media as the Nets coach.

Jimmy Rodgers is a distinct possibility. So is Frank Layden. Same goes for Doug
Moe. All have ties to Cunningham or Schaffel. But if none of those grabs Billy
C, I wouldn't be shocked, and I have nothing to base this speculation on, to see
him return to the sidelines for a short tour, rather than compromise.

You know what, though? Cunningham would have to be stone stupid to step into
that losing proposition.

 FROM N.Y. TO ND?: Look for John MacLeod to accept the Notre Dame job as soon as
the Knicks are eliminated from the playoffs. ... Kevin Johnson, Tom Chambers and
Xavier McDaniel shot a combined 10-for-50 in Game 2, yet the Suns managed to
beat the Jazz. Overall, those three Suns, plus Dan Majerle and Jeff Hornacek are
a combined 36-for-107, as opposed to the gaudy 73-for- 116 accumulated by Utah's
top six players. It will be interesting to see what happens if banged-up Phoenix
is able to put offensive pressure on Utah.

It has come to our attention that, when Maurice Cheeks, then a 76er, signed his
contract two years ago, it included a stipulation guaranteeing him an assistant
coaching position - at the prearranged price of $ 150,000 - if the option on his
final year isn't picked up. The Knicks have inherited that clause. So much for
solving the problem of getting Mark Jackson more playing time.

 MILLER'S PEACE: On the advice of counsel, his teammates, Pacers management and
talk show hosts, Reggie Miller (and Detlef Schrempf, to a lesser extent)
holstered his tongue in Game 2 against the Celtics when the refs' calls went
against him. Much of Miller's (air) time this season is spent critiquing, or
''working'' the officials, as the suave set likes to say. It not only hurts him,
but his team as well. I know it's hard to imagine anything like this happening,
but when constantly baited and berated by one side, the refs seem to stop seeing
atrocities committed by the other side.

The Hawks felt the Pistons looked right past them, er, right through them, in
fact, didn't even look at them at all. That's how they were able to beat them in
Game 1. In a five-game series, there's almost no time to recover that homecourt
loss. ... The Warriors will be giving away disposable towels for Game 3 vs. San
Antonio...

 THE BILL'S DUE: ...For the second consecutive season, Medical Bill Cartwright
played in more games (79) than Charles Oakley (76). ... Don't tell me those who
claim I don't even have two brain cells to rub together might have a strong
case; I somehow omitted Orlando's Dennis Scott from my all- rookie first team.

If you must know, after losing by 40-something to the Bulls, the only reason the
Knicks stuck around for Game 2 Sunday is because their plane tickets required a
Saturday night stay.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NBA PLAYOFFS

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.


                              675 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           November 10, 2000, Friday

SMITH MAY TAKE MINNY-MUM ; FREE AGENT WANTS TO STAY WITH 'WOLVES

BYLINE: Peter Vecsey

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 110

LENGTH: 1119 words


THANKS to arbitrator Kenneth Dam, the NBA has an entertaining new tradition.
From now on, David Stern plans to begin each season by throwing out the first
contract.

Nothing new regarding Joe Smith's preference; despite the loss of his "Larry
Bird Rights" and the Timberwolves' inability to pay him fair market value, the
free-agent forward still wants to remain in Minnesota.

Reality is expected to kick in this afternoon when Smith joins agent Dan Fegan
in Los Angeles. Together they'll decide which of the six situations under
consideration makes more sense. Again, in alphabetical odor, the choices have
been reduced to the Knicks, Pistons, Pacers, Mavericks, Heat, and Bulls.

"If he's thinking money, he's going to choose the Bulls, Detroit or Dallas,"
someone close to the situation said. "If he's looking for long-term and to win,
he's going to take the Knicks, Pacers or the Heat. But it wouldn't shock me if
he decided to take the minimum [$611G] and stay in Minnesota. He's a different
type of kid."

*

WEDNESDAY night's most creative indoor sign was spotted at the Spurs-Lakers
game: "Phil, kiss our asterisk," saluted San Antonio's Baseline Bums. Jackson,
as you recall, felt it necessary to demean the Spurs' championship, claiming it
was tainted due to the lockout-shortened season.

Second place went to a pair of Clipper (for want of a better term) fans wearing
Gore and Bush masks and carrying the message: "Let's Settle This At The Free
Throw Line."

David Robinson, Tim Duncan and Malik Rose received well-deserved props for
helping to contain Shaquille O'Neal to 13 field goal tries (13 points) in 44
minutes.

Still, the often impetuous Kobe Bryant also warrants a weighty measure of
assistance for not resisting the temptation to hoist up 31 shots. Who does he
think he is, Jerry Stackhouse?

Then there's Shaq's spirit, or lack thereof, which apparently deserted him
shortly after crushing the Clippers for 39 points (22 in the fourth quarter) and
covering everybody's man for the entire 12-minute quadrant.

LA's limitless apathy can best be summed up by its 3-3 record, two straight road
kills in Houston and San Antonio and second-half trips to the welfare line
against the Spurs: Nada. Nothing. Zero. Zilch. Zip.

"We must play more intelligently," huffed Shaq, responsible for 10 (missing
seven) of his team's grand total of 11 free throws. If you're interested, that's
13 fewer than the Spurs.

Unflustered, undaunted and unrepentant, Jackson contends his team's slow start
was expected. Says he predicted a 5-5 record after 10 games. In fact, Big Chief
Triangle actually feels the Lakers' effort (81-91) against the Spurs was a
stirring improvement over their lethargic loss (74-84) to the Rockets.

As usual, Jackson is right. All the major news organizations at first claimed
the Lakers had won the game.

*

SUBJECT: Isaiah oversleeps, preventing him from being a Rider on the team bus to
the Alamodome.

Excusing himself with the claim the hotel had botched his wake-up call, J.R.
presented Jackson with a note from the operator.

As it turns out, Rider had a "do not disturb" block on his phone.

Lesson learned by Rider: Never trust a phone that doesn't come directly out of
his trunk.

Reminds me of the time J.R. missed a particular Hawks practice last season; hard
to do considering he lived in a hotel immediately adjacent to the arena. His
alibi? Hotel employees allegedly had smacked up his car and he needed to fill
out insurance forms, take it into the shop, or something along those lines.

As it turns out, J.R. was caught in the act of trying to author a cover story.
Surveillance cameras in the hotel parking lot witnessed him vandalizing his own
vehicle.

*

THIS is Karl Malone's 16th NBA season with no evidence he's slowing down
offensively (31 in Utah's 91-87 victory versus the Clippers, including the first
eight in OT), or the shard on his shoulder is shrinking.

Any day now, he's going to surpass mythological Wilt Chamberlain in all-time
scoring and be second only to Lord of the Rims, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, as well as
cement his celebrity as arguably the greatest power forward in league history.

In all that time, Malone has only missed six games, leading me to wonder out
loud, how come the referees have yet to figure out that he initiates contact
every single time on double teams.

The guy simply leans into the oncoming defender and then takes a dive, prompting
an automatic call in his favor. Pitiful how frequently this occurs and how
easily a fresh crew of six trained eyes is fooled.

As the ancient proverb clearly states, "You can lead an official to an offensive
foul, but you can't make him blow the whistle."

*

SUBJECT: Cavaliers off to a 4-0 start, for the first time in 12 years.

It's official: Randy Wittman is the most beloved person in Cleveland since Art
Modell.

Wish I could've been in Dallas Wednesday night for convergence of three of the
league's top basketball minds - Mark Cuban, Don Nelson and Dick Versace. I
understand John Wooden called, pleading for the minutes of that meeting.

Penny Hardaway was due back in Phoenix yesterday to join the Suns after
rehabbing his left knee in Orlando, er, Houston.

In the last four games, Wally Szczerbiak has downed 26 of 38 from the field. The
T-Wolves might want to think about allowing him to take a potshot or two at the
end of games. Minnesota, having wasted double digit advantages in three games,
could be 5-0 vs. 2-3.

"Maybe we've got ADD (attention deficit disorder) or something," Sam Mitchell
remarked.

Who would've thought the highest office in the free world would hinge on a
handful of Floridians who didn't float into town the night before?

What a novel concept: The winner may not be the side with the higher score. You
know what that means? In the spirit of revisionist history, the Paper Clips are
the best team ever in the NBA.

I understand that with Anthony Mason now employed by the Heat, Florida officials
are also awaiting the outcome of the absent-minded voter as well.

*

SUBJECT: Jason Williams back from a five-game suspension for violating his drug
aftercare.

After recording 12 assists in 28 minutes of force-free 3-point attempts and
blowing out the depressing Warriors, White Chocolate dedicated the win to Darryl
Strawberry.

Subject: Patrick Ewing offers kidney to Alonzo Mourning.

No doubt a sincere and touching gesture. For Zo's sake, however, I just hope
Ewing didn't guarantee it.


LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SUITS HIM TO aeT': Joe Smith, shown blocking Jamal Magloire's shot in
preseason, may opt to turn back on big bucks and re-sign with T-Wolves for 611G
minimum, according to Peter Vecsey.  AP

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              676 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            September 4, 2005 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

OPEN FORUM

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. E-02

LENGTH: 2025 words


Are we fighting the good fight in Iraq?

Re: "Bush backers converge on Crawford," Aug. 28 news story.

Why are Rush Limbaugh, Bill O'Reilly and other critics so determined to demean
and trivialize Cindy Sheehan as a nutcase? Every mother in America should take
offense to their abusive attitude. War protesting is not a crime. Losing a
24-year-old son is a high price to pay in a questionable conflict. The Bush
administration is reluctant to meet with her and explain their Iraq policy. If
only she would quietly go away. But that isn't going to happen. I can only say
to Cindy: You go, girl, keep their feet to the fire.

Gene Sabatka, Arvada

...

Since I was born, in 1914, America has fought four wars "to make the world a
safe democracy" - World War I, World War II, the Cold War and Vietnam. We owe a
debt of gratitude to all those who served in these wars. Some were drafted and
some volunteered, but all are heroes.

President Bush had an opportunity to join the fight to stop the spread of
communism in Southeast Asia. He chose to serve his country in the state of
Texas. The chance he might get caught in the crossfire in the jungle was nil.

We are now engaged in a war to protect us from terror and to spread democracy to
the Middle East.

In our present war, all of our soldiers are volunteers. I don't know of any of
their leaders whose children have volunteered to serve their country in this
"noble cause."

Mary Green, Highlands Ranch

...

The people who are protesting the war in Iraq apparently have forgotten Nazi
Germany. If Iraq and Saddam Hussein had gotten away with it, then why shouldn't
Iran, Syria and North Korea feel that America and its people were not willing to
stand together, and join together and start hell on earth?

John R. Grimm, Denver

With all the media coverage about the war protesters and their lack of support
for our troops, I felt I had to say something. We live in a country where people
have the right to speak their mind and protest. As a fighter pilot in Vietnam
(with 323 combat missions), I signed up to protect that right. What the
protesters do not seem to understand is that once our country is involved in a
war, they need to show support for our troops. Instead, by protesting, they help
our enemy's effort. It happened in Vietnam and it's happening now. By
protesting, they give the bad guys the idea that our country really doesn't have
the will to win. All this does is prolong a conflict and put our military men
and women in harm's way for a longer period of time.

Our freedoms and way of life have always been worth protecting and have always
come with a price. The price has been paid with the loss of life on both sides
of a conflict. No one will say they like a war. On the contrary, most people
would like to avoid a war. However, we must keep this country safe for our
children and grandchildren. We must stay the course and act swiftly and
decisively to eliminate the threats to our country.

Bill May, Colorado Springs

...

Re: "Foes of war gather from left and right," Aug. 25 Cindy Rodríguez column.

As an 86-year-old veteran of World War II, I strongly endorse the opinions
expressed in Cindy Rodríguez's column. From the beginning of this conflict, I
have been deeply troubled by: 1. the constantly changing rationale as given by
the administration for invading Iraq; and 2. the appalling ignorance of the
Iraqi culture that the neocons demonstrated in their arguments that we would be
greeted with flowers, and that there would be no internal conflict once we
"liberated" them. Now, instead of saying, "We made a mistake," they continue to
change the rationale and to insist that we just "stay the course."

Burton C. Newbry, Aurora

----------------------------------------

Overpopulation of elk

Re: "Tough choices on Colorado elk herds," Aug. 28 editorial.

Your editorial described elk overpopulation in Rocky Mountain National Park and
the San Luis Valley. It is also a serious problem in the residential areas in
the mountains immediately west of Denver, most of west Jefferson County, Clear
Creek County and some other areas.

We live in the center of Evergreen, on 1 1/3 acres, and sometimes have as many
as 30 elk in our yard, devouring flowers, shrubs and all our small trees. A herd
of 200 or 300 elk roams Hiwan Country Club. Since this is a residential area,
the elk cannot be hunted and, being quite intelligent, have learned to stay here
year-round. One solution, probably the only feasible one for a residential area,
is to equip animal control personnel with tranquilizer guns to capture the elk,
transport them to a packing house, and distribute the meat to low-income people.
If necessary, the meat could also be sold.

Wayne E. Simon, Evergreen

----------------------------------------

Failed pension plans

Re: "Pensions' empty promise," Aug. 28 special report.

Thank you for your excellent stories on companies backing out on employees'
pension plans. All too often we do not see the human faces of the people
affected by these economic catastrophes; we see the victims of huge storms, of
tidal waves, but rarely of economic collapse and broken decades of promises.

Post reporters Colleen O'Connor and Kelly Yamanouchi have forced us to see them,
and we can only hope that this will lead to more responsible behavior from all
of us. From the executives, we would have to hope, but also from the courts and
even the legislative bodies. This kind of thing should not be allowed. Why is it
OK to bail out S&Ls but not to save the pensions of thousands of honest,
hard-working retirees of companies like Enron, Bethlehem Steel, United,
Northwest, and now probably Delta? Who's next? And why do so many of the
officers of troubled corporations manage to avoid their employees' suffering,
instead dumping their stocks with impunity before the bad news breaks?

As the richest country in the world, we must be able to do better than this.

Heather Preston, Colorado Springs

...

I always read with great interest the numerous stories regarding United
employees who have lost their pensions. And try as I might, I cannot muster an
ounce of sympathy for them.

They are in the very same position the rest of us are in and have been in for
all of our working lives. The people who have pensions to fall back on when they
retire are few and far between and should consider themselves privileged. But
they should also realize that there are no guarantees in this life and a little
bit of common sense, planning and foresight goes a long way.

I get the strong impression that some United employees thought themselves
impervious to life's realities and are now shell-shocked to find themselves in
the position they are in. Those of us with no pensions work every day raising
our families, as well as saving money for college educations and retirement,
often working two jobs until the age of 65 or longer.

Ellen Haverl, Denver

---------------------------------------- Response to Hurricane Katrina

I know we will all step up to do the best we can for the Hurricane Katrina
rescue effort. But I keep asking myself how many lives could have been saved if
we had not had massive numbers of National Guard troops with their equipment,
including helicopters, medical equipment, satellite communications and
generators in Iraq, fighting a pointless war. And surely, for this unimaginable
tragedy, the worst natural disaster in our history, we would have brought to
bear the forces of our other military branches if they were available.

Elizabeth Goebel, Arvada

...

As the Dutch will tell you, developing land below sea level requires constant
attention. Of course, much of New Orleans is below sea level. Yet, in 2004 the
U.S Corps of Engineers "essentially stopped major work on the now-breached levee
system that had protected New Orleans from flooding. It was the first such break
in 37 years. ... The money \ moved in the president's budget to handle homeland
security and the war in Iraq," according to a story in the Sept. 1 Denver Post.
I might add that lack of essential investment in our country (read: unwise tax
cuts) are another contributor. To the extent that terrorists have manipulated
U.S. leaders into making unwise choices, we have let the terrorists contribute
to yet another enormous trauma in an American city.

President Bush is weakening our nation. He is a weak president. What appeared to
be strength is just bravado.

Mary Hill, Boulder

...

Just as President Bush did following the tsunami natural disaster last year, he
was again a day late and a dollar short in turning his attention toward the
victims of Hurricane Katrina. Why did Bush wait even one day in marshalling
military assets and coordinating "a cabinet-level task force"? But what bothers
me and worries me the most about how slowly our president and our government
agencies like the Federal Emergency Management Agency have moved to coordinate
relief efforts in these hurricane-stricken states is this: If they are unable to
effectively, efficiently respond to a natural disaster, how will they ever hope
to adequately respond to another terrorist attack on our soil?

Desiree Renaud, Lafayette

...

The U.S. government is sending 30,000 refugees living in the New Orleans
Superdome on buses to live in another sports arena in Houston, Texas? That is
the stupidest, most ill-fitted and most temporary so-called solution to this
hurricane refugee problem imaginable. This is a national disaster; we should put
these people into real temporary living arrangements - apartments or whatever it
takes - not a sports arena.

Dennis Hammond, Lakewood

...

Americans will surely step up to the plate and help our neighbors in the South
devastated by Hurricane Katrina. Will the oil and gas industry also contribute
its obscene profits to help out? If the oil and gas industry can fork over
millions to political candidates in 2004 and spend hundreds of millions more on
lobbying, surely it can donate a billion or so to the victims of Hurricane
Katrina.

So how about it, Big Oil? Our neighbors are desperate.

Pedro Ramirez, Fort Collins

...

The victims of Hurricane Katrina will be without housing, employment and schools
for months. I believe the purpose of government is to pool resources (taxes) to
provide for the good of all and particularly those in need. The government can
provide an organized effort, as opposed to the ad hoc contributions of private
individuals and corporations to charities. The Red Cross does not build houses
or highways. Government spending should provide goods and services for the
benefit of our citizens rather than wasting billions on an ill-conceived
conflict such as in Iraq.

Jill Lewis, Westminster

----------------------------------------

Rebuttal from author of

article on science, politics

Re: "The politics of science," Aug. 28 Open Forum.

Letter-writer Dean Schulze raised questions about my recent Perspective article
in The Post ("Political interference with science real, troubling," Aug. 21
Perspective). Schulze questions the so-called "hockey stick" graph, a
reconstruction of climate history showing that the latter half of the 20th
century was warmer than any other period in the past 1,000 years. He says work
by two Canadians invalidates the reconstruction, which has become a global
warming icon.

As I pointed out in my article, the Canadians' study has itself been
invalidated. Caspar Ammann of the National Center for Atmospheric Research and
Eugene Wahl of Alfred University used their own computer model to reproduce the
original hockey stick and confirm its conclusions.

Schulze also questions my statement that the Canadians' paper was published in a
political journal without peer review. The fact is that it was published
originally in Energy & Environment, whose editor has admitted that normal peer
review was dispensed with as part of a "trade-off in favor of policy," she said.
This is politics, not science.

Lastly, Schulze says I failed to acknowledge "the politics of the pro-global
warming side of this controversy." To the contrary, I said people on both sides
of the spectrum use - and misuse - science for their own political ends. But
this administration has taken the practice to a new level.

Tom Yulsman, Niwot

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              677 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           February 28, 2003, Friday

Mister Rogers dead at age 74

BYLINE: BY DAVID HINCKLEY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 475 words


Fred McFeely Rogers, better known as Mister Rogers and one of the defining icons
of the America we all wish could be, died yesterday morning of stomach cancer at
his home in Pittsburgh. He was 74.

With a red cardigan sweater, a trunkload of upbeat sing-along tunes and a gentle
voice that was reassuring in even the most troubled of times, Rogers parlayed a
local children's show in Pittsburgh into "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood," a
cornerstone of PBS television for three decades before he retired in 2000.

"When Fred Rogers was inducted into the Broadcasting Hall of Fame four years
ago," recalled Pat Mitchell, PBS president and CEO, "he said, 'We can either use
the powerful tool of television to demean human life or we can use it to enrich
it.' Fred Rogers enriched our lives."

His days were full

A vegetarian who swam daily, read voraciously, enjoyed classical music and once
set up a children's visiting program at Pennsylvania prisons, Rogers had
continued to lead an active life before being diagnosed with cancer this past
Christmas.

He also kept an eye on the ongoing reruns of "Mister Rogers' Neighborhood."

The show was built on a near-hypnotic series of rituals that began with Mr.
Rogers taking off his shoes and putting on sneakers. He would talk about things
in his house or simple lessons of life, like controlling anger and not being
afraid of the bathtub.

When his pet goldfish died, he talked about sadness and loss.

The show was often likened to a nondenominational Sunday School class - an
appropriate comparison, because Rogers was ordained a Presbyterian minister in
1962.

Rogers also inspired one of the most famous parodies ever on "Saturday Night
Live" - Eddie Murphy's "Mister Robinson's Neighborhood," in which Murphy used
Rogers' soothing tone to play a caustic ghetto hustler.

Rogers said he found the parody affectionate.

Radio morning show host Star, whose patter on WQHT-FM (Hot 97) would not be
confused with Mister Rogers', says he watched the show "religiously" while
growing up.

"People talk about 'OG,' the 'original gangsta,'" says Star. "Mister Rogers was
'OF,' the 'original friend.' He showed us values, morals and ethics, which,
sadly, we don't see much today."

Rogers was born in Latrobe, Pa., on March 20, 1928. He studied music composition
at college and worked in New York as floor manager for "Your Hit Parade" and
"The Kate Smith Show" before moving to Pittsburgh to be an off-camera puppeteer
on a local children's show.

He developed a solo show, "Misterogers," for Canadian television in 1963. It
moved to the U.S. in 1968 and went on to win four Emmy Awards, a Lifetime
Achievement Award and a Peabody Award, among others.

Rogers is survived by his wife, Joanne, a concert pianist, two sons, two
grandsons and a bright red cardigan that hangs in the Smithsonian.


LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Caption not available electronically

TYPE: OBITUARY

                        Copyright 2003 Daily News, L.P.


                              678 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           October 30, 2002 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Competing for the Sniper Trial

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; Editorial Desk; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 479 words


The Justice Department and prosecutors from Virginia and Maryland are engaged in
unseemly jockeying over who will be first to try the accused Beltway snipers,
John Muhammad and Lee Malvo. It demeans the justice system for the decision to
turn on politics, prosecutorial ego or, worst of all, a capital-punishment
bidding war, in which the case goes to the jurisdiction deemed most likely to
execute the defendants. On the merits alone, Maryland, where most of the murders
occurred, including the first one, has the strongest claim to try Mr. Muhammad
and Mr. Malvo first.

Prosecuting crimes has historically been a state responsibility, although there
have always been exceptions. Crimes like stock fraud or immigration violations
may call for special federal expertise. And there is a tradition, notably in the
civil rights era, of relying on federal courts when state courts cannot be
counted on to act fairly. But generally state courts are the place to start.

This is consistent with Justice Department guidelines on capital crimes. In
cases of shared jurisdiction, the federal government should indict only when its
interest is manifestly greater. The interests of Maryland and Virginia, whose
citizens were brutally gunned down, are easily the equal of the federal
government's here.

Of the two states, Maryland clearly has the stronger claim. The sniping spree
began with a fatal shooting there on Oct. 2, and Maryland suffered the greatest
loss of life: six sniper victims, as opposed to three in Virginia and one in the
District of Columbia. The investigation began in Maryland, on the day of the
first shooting, and ended there, when the defendants were taken into custody at
a rest stop in rural Maryland.

It is troubling that a key consideration appears to be which jurisdiction seems
most likely to impose the death penalty. (The federal government has executed
two people since 1976, Maryland three, but Virginia far outstrips both, with 86
executions.) There is also wrangling over how likely it is that Mr. Malvo, age
17, will be eligible for execution. Focusing on any penalty at this point smacks
of Alice in Wonderland justice. "Sentence first," the Queen declared, "verdict
afterwards." It is also the wrong way to decide. In our federal system, the
states are free to make their own choices about sentencing. Maryland should not
be discriminated against simply because it takes a more restrained approach
toward capital punishment.

As a practical matter, the Justice Department, which has custody of Mr. Muhammad
and Mr. Malvo, will have a large say in which jurisdiction gets to try them
first. Federal prosecutors will have a hard time showing that they have a more
substantial interest in this case than the states. Given that, they should move
to the end of the line, while offering Maryland all the help it needs in putting
together its best case.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              679 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                          January 14, 1999, Thursday,

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. 1A, VOICE OF THE PEOPLE

LENGTH: 1030 words


Animals have value in themselves

Responding to columnist Rowland Nethaway's claim Dec. 30 that "no-kill" animal
shelters are a sham: His facts are wrong and he's missing the point.

Mr. Nethaway claims the San Francisco SPCA "no-kill" shelter opened last year is
the first in the nation. Not true. For many years, the Tree House in Chicago has
operated a "no-kill" shelter for cats. It has been a model for similar shelters
in other cities. The concept is not to give a home to animals until they are
adopted. The idea is to give them a home even if they cannot be adopted. The
worth of animals is not solely in their usefulness as companions to humans. They
have value in themselves as creatures.

Mr. Nethaway scorns people who care about helping animals. He uses the tired
argument, "How could you -- while human children go hungry?" Sanctimonious
one-upmanship can be used to demean any good deed. How can you help hungry
children when there are hungry, abused children? But wait, there are hungry,
abused children who are homeless.

The real issue is this: One measure of our civilization is the way we treat the
powerless. I believe we are a people strong enough and kind enough to help both
children and animals.

We do this not only for their benefit, but because the act of caring transforms
us as well. The humane spirit that moves us to help animals is the same spirit
that inspires us to become kinder people. Then we can get to work making this
cold world a warmer place.

Eric Marenghi

Lewiston

I WAS EXTREMELY disappointed to see such a negative article about "no-kill"
animal shelters ("No-kill shelters not as advertised, and neither are rights
advocates." Dec. 30).

The author clearly had an anti-animal stance and his effort to link hungry
children to this issue was ridiculous. Obviously, there are many horrible things
in this world worth fighting for and criticizing people who are trying to help
make things better, no matter what the cause, is counter-productive.

The author is very quick to dismiss people who are fighting to save the lives of
animals as "extremists" while, in reality, almost any person finds the needless
killing of animals horrific. The author didn't offer alternatives to killing
animals and didn't even urge people to spay and neuter their pets in order to
solve this problem altogether. He simply tried to discredit people working to
save animals without offering any constructive ways to solve the problems that
exist because of the overwhelming number of abused and abandoned animals.

I am one of those "extreme" people who thinks that unnecessary killing is
unjust. I work on animal rights issues, along with issues of poverty, hunger,
housing, prejudices, abuse, drugs and peace. I am lucky to be able to work on
all of these issues, but to try to discredit someone for only working on one
issue instead of doing everything is just not fair. People should get involved
with whatever they feel most passionate about without having to worry about
being perfect.

I'm willing to bet that the author of that article is not only imperfect, but he
probably doesn't do anything for the starving children he claims to be so
concerned about.

Melanie Bartlett

Coalition to Abolish the Fur Trade

South Portland

THIS IS in response to "Parkas trimmed with fur of slaughtered dogs" in the
Portland Press Herald: What is the difference between dog fur-lined parkas and
fox-lined parkas?

Just because we typically do not have fox, mink, coyotes, beavers and raccoons
as pets, that does not mean we should not extend the same respect for those
animals as well.

Millions of dogs and cats are euthanized every year because of overpopulation,
so why not line a jacket with these spare animals?

After all, dog fur is legal and their bodies are cremated and buried in a
landfill anyway.

Waste not, want not.

The Humane Society of the United States writes "2 million dogs and cats were
used for full-length and short coats and jackets. Fur-trimmed garments. Hats.
Gloves. Even stuffed toy animals." Pets just like ours.

Of course, millions of other animals are killed each year for vanity products. A
PETA (People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals) investigation last year at an
Illinois fur farm found foxes with exposed broken bones, upper respiratory
infections and cancerous tumors with no veterinary treatment offered.

In Maryland, minks were killed with injections of weed killer. And because fur
farmers care only about the animal's pelt, they routinely electrocute, gas,
strangle or break the necks of these animals.

Dogs, cats, foxes, mink . . . they are all God's creatures. Might as well call
this a double standard.

Carole Jean

Portland

Inspection location

of car is driver's choice

The Legislature has outdone itself this time. The new privacy law for hospitals
is just one of many laws enacted by the last Legislature.

Example: If a person is in an automobile accident and is taken to a hospital and
that person is suspected of OUI, even if the officer finds out what hospital
he/she has been taken to, he/she cannot question that person, without his/her
permission. In effect many people will get away with committing crimes, even
major ones.

The Legislature passed another law stating automobiles registered in Cumberland
County have to pay more for state inspections and can only be inspected in
Cumberland County.

Will the $ 100 million from the federal government be spent only in Cumberland
County? Example: If I am in Fort Kent and I notice that my inspection sticker
will expire in a couple of days, do I have to drive back to Cumberland County to
get my vehicle inspected?

My automobile is registered in the state of Maine, not Cumberland County. It
says so on the registration certificate. As I understand it, the only reason I
will be refused a state inspection sticker is if there is a problem with my
vehicle.

Rest assured I will have my automobile inspected in any county in the state of
Maine I choose. Remember, Cumberland County is not separate from the state of
Maine. It is a part of the state of Maine.

Lawrence McDonald

Portland

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: b[w]

File photo by David MacDonald Kim Berg of Plymouth, N.H., with he;

 Maine coon cat at a show last fall in Portland. "The humane spirit that moves
us to help animals is the same spirit that inspires us to become kinder people,"
wrote a reader.

                 Copyright 1999 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                              680 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                            April 14, 2007 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Bad behaviour

BYLINE: Patrice Falardeau, The Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 160  words


Hugh Adami is so right. As a Senators fan, I was completely surprised hearing
the fans booing the kid. I can understand when a player plays dirty or (like in
Montreal and Quebec City a number of years ago), your team is dissed by an
opposing player. But please ... why, oh, why ? Classless and frankly
high-school-like behaviour.

I have lived in Montreal, New York City (where we won the Stanley Cup), and then
in Tampa Bay where the Cup also went (maybe I bring luck).

We love hockey, we love good plays -- we appreciate the sport. Certainly we want
our team to win. That doesn't mean we need to demean good opposing players of
any team. Are we like the Detroit fans (throwing octopi on the ice) or
Philadelphia (constantly berating the opposing team and throwing all sorts of
objects on the ice). Please, we are better then this (sorry for those two cities
but truth is truth).

I still am puzzled and somewhat angered by that behaviour.

Patrice Falardeau, Arnprior

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports; Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2007 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              681 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 11, 2004 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

An Independent Budget Office

BYLINE: By HAROLD O. LEVY.

Harold O. Levy, New York City schools chancellor from 1999 to 2002, is executive
vice president of Kaplan, which runs for-profit colleges and offers educational
services.

SECTION: Section 14; Column 2; The City Weekly Desk; How to Fix Albany; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 501 words


Last month, another unsatisfying legislative session in Albany came to an end.
State leaders failed to enact a budget or resolve virtually any of the major
issues facing them this year.

In light of the state government's continuing dysfunction, the Op-Ed editors
asked four experts with knowledge of, or experience in, New York State
government to offer specific suggestions for how to reform Albany.
 LET me go out on a limb here: partisanship is making Albany ineffective. In
both the Statehouse and the governor's mansion, we see self-interested, partisan
decision-making, aimed often more to injure or demean the opposition than to
enhance the common good. We must find a way to change these old habits.

The corrosive effects of this partisanship play out in a number of ways. Take
education, for example. New York City receives education money according to a
complicated formula that results in roughly per capita financing. However, this
turns out to be less than per capita if you take into account Gov. George E.
Pataki's School Tax Relief program. The status quo appeals to Republicans
upstate and in affluent suburbs because it drives down real estate rates. The
formula shortchanges New York City, draining away money that could be used to
raise abysmal math and reading scores. The program has not been repealed, and
the formula has not been overhauled because of partisan self-interest.

Similarly, hardly anyone in Albany believes that the Rockefeller-era drug laws
deter crime. Yet party politics prevent their repeal and condemn many people to
spend useless lives behind bars, long after they are dangerous.

Party politics also thwarted the reinstatement of the New York City commuter
tax, which was needed to balance the city's precarious finances. The death of
the tax was the result of both parties trying to win an obscure Rockland County
legislative race. Reinstatement is now blocked by each party's not wanting to
give the other political advantage.

For too long now, the good-government response to clear civic problems has been
blocked by the parties, both of which fear the loss of political advantage if
they vote in the best interest of the state instead of in that of some faction.

We need to put in place processes that encourage bipartisan approaches to common
problems. A good first step would be for Albany to create a central analytic
body -- analogous to the Congressional Budget Office -- to provide state leaders
with clear-eyed, disinterested analysis. The office's reports, stripped of
poisonous rhetoric and misleading statistics, would give lawmakers the cover
they need to act in the public interest. Other ''confidence building'' measures
could then follow, including bipartisan committee staffs and expert commissions
whose conclusions are not predetermined by their memberships.

Partisan politics will never be completely removed from state government -- but
these steps might give us a little less of it.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              682 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 11, 2004 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

An Independent Budget Office

BYLINE: By HAROLD O. LEVY.

Harold O. Levy, New York City schools chancellor from 1999 to 2002, is executive
vice president of Kaplan, which runs for-profit colleges and offers educational
services.

SECTION: Section 14LI; Column 2; Long Island Weekly Desk; How to Fix Albany; Pg.
13

LENGTH: 500 words


Last month, another unsatisfying legislative session in Albany came to an end.
State leaders failed to enact a budget or resolve virtually any of the major
issues facing them this year.

In light of the state government's continuing dysfunction, the Op-Ed editors
asked four experts with knowledge of, or experience in, New York State
government to offer specific suggestions for how to reform Albany.

 LET me go out on a limb here: partisanship is making Albany ineffective. In
both the Statehouse and the governor's mansion, we see self-interested, partisan
decision-making, aimed often more to injure or demean the opposition than to
enhance the common good. We must find a way to change these old habits.

The corrosive effects of this partisanship play out in a number of ways. Take
education, for example. New York City receives education money according to a
complicated formula that results in roughly per capita financing. However, this
turns out to be less than per capita if you take into account Gov. George E.
Pataki's School Tax Relief program. The status quo appeals to Republicans
upstate and in affluent suburbs because it drives down real estate rates. The
formula shortchanges New York City, draining away money that could be used to
raise abysmal math and reading scores. The program has not been repealed, and
the formula has not been overhauled because of partisan self-interest.

Similarly, hardly anyone in Albany believes that the Rockefeller-era drug laws
deter crime. Yet party politics prevent their repeal and condemn many people to
spend useless lives behind bars, long after they are dangerous.

Party politics also thwarted the reinstatement of the New York City commuter
tax, which was needed to balance the city's precarious finances. The death of
the tax was the result of both parties trying to win an obscure Rockland County
legislative race. Reinstatement is now blocked by each party's not wanting to
give the other political advantage.

For too long now, the good-government response to clear civic problems has been
blocked by the parties, both of which fear the loss of political advantage if
they vote in the best interest of the state instead of in that of some faction.

We need to put in place processes that encourage bipartisan approaches to common
problems. A good first step would be for Albany to create a central analytic
body -- analogous to the Congressional Budget Office -- to provide state leaders
with clear-eyed, disinterested analysis. The office's reports, stripped of
poisonous rhetoric and misleading statistics, would give lawmakers the cover
they need to act in the public interest. Other ''confidence building'' measures
could then follow, including bipartisan committee staffs and expert commissions
whose conclusions are not predetermined by their memberships.

Partisan politics will never be completely removed from state government -- but
these steps might give us a little less of it.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              683 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 11, 2004 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

An Independent Budget Office

BYLINE: By HAROLD O. LEVY.

Harold O. Levy, New York City schools chancellor from 1999 to 2002, is executive
vice president of Kaplan, which runs for-profit colleges and offers educational
services.

SECTION: Section 14WC; Column 2; Westchester Weekly Desk; How to Fix Albany; Pg.
13

LENGTH: 500 words


Last month, another unsatisfying legislative session in Albany came to an end.
State leaders failed to enact a budget or resolve virtually any of the major
issues facing them this year.

In light of the state government's continuing dysfunction, the Op-Ed editors
asked four experts with knowledge of, or experience in, New York State
government to offer specific suggestions for how to reform Albany.

 LET me go out on a limb here: partisanship is making Albany ineffective. In
both the Statehouse and the governor's mansion, we see self-interested, partisan
decision-making, aimed often more to injure or demean the opposition than to
enhance the common good. We must find a way to change these old habits.

The corrosive effects of this partisanship play out in a number of ways. Take
education, for example. New York City receives education money according to a
complicated formula that results in roughly per capita financing. However, this
turns out to be less than per capita if you take into account Gov. George E.
Pataki's School Tax Relief program. The status quo appeals to Republicans
upstate and in affluent suburbs because it drives down real estate rates. The
formula shortchanges New York City, draining away money that could be used to
raise abysmal math and reading scores. The program has not been repealed, and
the formula has not been overhauled because of partisan self-interest.

Similarly, hardly anyone in Albany believes that the Rockefeller-era drug laws
deter crime. Yet party politics prevent their repeal and condemn many people to
spend useless lives behind bars, long after they are dangerous.

Party politics also thwarted the reinstatement of the New York City commuter
tax, which was needed to balance the city's precarious finances. The death of
the tax was the result of both parties trying to win an obscure Rockland County
legislative race. Reinstatement is now blocked by each party's not wanting to
give the other political advantage.

For too long now, the good-government response to clear civic problems has been
blocked by the parties, both of which fear the loss of political advantage if
they vote in the best interest of the state instead of in that of some faction.

We need to put in place processes that encourage bipartisan approaches to common
problems. A good first step would be for Albany to create a central analytic
body -- analogous to the Congressional Budget Office -- to provide state leaders
with clear-eyed, disinterested analysis. The office's reports, stripped of
poisonous rhetoric and misleading statistics, would give lawmakers the cover
they need to act in the public interest. Other ''confidence building'' measures
could then follow, including bipartisan committee staffs and expert commissions
whose conclusions are not predetermined by their memberships.

Partisan politics will never be completely removed from state government -- but
these steps might give us a little less of it.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              684 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     December 29, 2003 Monday Home Edition

COLLEGE FOOTBALL: PEACH BOWL REPORT

BYLINE: RANA L. CASH

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 492 words


Vols critical of conference

Tennessee had a tough time accepting that its No. 6 national ranking got the
team as only far as the Peach Bowl --- the fifth bowl in the SEC's sequence. But
the Vols have moved past the disappointment to focus on Clemson.

"We figured we'd either be in a BCS game or in Tampa [Outback Bowl]," receiver
Derrick Tinsley said. "When that didn't happen, we knew next would be the Peach.
There has been a lot talk about that, but we've put that behind us."

Tennessee lost the SEC East tiebreaker to Georgia and was skipped by the Outback
and Capital One bowls for Florida and Georgia. The scenario did not sit well
with Tennessee coach Phillip Fulmer, but he isn't dwelling on it, either.

"I don't think playing in the Peach Bowl is a disappointment," he said. "I think
the system didn't work. I think the conference didn't do all that they should
have done. If you're going to have alliances with conferences and you're going
to have a pecking order, then that pecking order should work. That doesn't
demean, in any way, the Peach Bowl."

Chance for redemption

Tennessee was dogged by injuries in last year's Peach Bowl, a 30-3 loss to
Maryland. But that was only one problem for the Vols in the worst bowl loss in
school history.

"I think we were a little too arrogant," senior defensive back Rashad Baker
said. "We were 8-4, and I think we were kind of ready for the season to be over.
Maryland was 10-2. We should have been prepared for them. Our approach to this
game is much more serious."

Fulmer addressed the team to emphasize that point.

"Last year, we kind of limped into this game," Fulmer said. "And I don't think
we had enough respect, obviously, for our opponent. This team has come in here
with a lot of energy and great respect for Clemson, and they realize their
preparation this week is going to directly affect the way they play."

A Tiger . . . almost

Sean Young is one of the steadiest forces on Tennessee's offensive line. But he
could have become the same at Clemson. Young, a senior tackle from Northwest
Whitfield High in Cohutta, originally gave Clemson a nonbinding commitment.

"My high school coach talked me into taking my last two visits," Young said.
That included one to Tennessee, which changed Young's mind.

Young also visited Arkansas, Florida State and Georgia.

Briefly

Fulmer said he is actively seeking a replacement for running backs coach Woody
McCorvey, who joined Sylvester Croom's staff at Mississippi State as offensive
coordinator. Fulmer has not put the issue on hold until after the bowl season
and has narrowed his choices. . . . If the Vols beat Clemson, Fulmer would have
his 100th win in the past 10 years. In 12 seasons under Fulmer, Tennessee is
113-27. . . . The Volunteers began their game preparations Sunday evening at
Brookwood High in Snellville.

ajc.com/sports

* Go online for a Peach Bowl welcoming party photo gallery.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Briefs

                Copyright 2003 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              685 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                            January 18, 2011 Tuesday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

LETTERS

SECTION: ISSUES & INSIGHTS; LETTERS; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 351 words


End Birthright Citizenship

In a recent On The Left column, "The Distraction of Birthright Citizenship,"
Edward Schumacher-Matos calls for a way to end illegal immigration but then
demeans attempts to end the policy of birth citizenship that would reduce
illegal immigration.

There is no doubt that employment in the U.S. is the main draw for illegal
immigrants. However, U.S. citizenship for their children is also a motive to
enter our country.

This past July, the Washington Post ran a front-page story about the "birth
tourism" industry titled "For Many Pregnant Chinese, a U.S. Passport for Baby
Remains a Powerful Lure." And while the couples in the article came here on
legal visas, they did so solely because their child would have U.S. citizenship.



This same mentality spills over into the illegal immigrant population. Congress
can and should act to end birth citizenship for three reasons:

1. No Supreme Court case has dealt directly with the offspring of illegal
immigrants and the question of automatic citizenship.

2. The Constitution expressly gives Congress the power to decide national
immigration policies.

3. During the debate on the 14 th Amendment in 1866, the senator who was the
author said it would "not of course include persons born in the United States
who are foreigners."

Congress is long overdue in making sure the 14 th Amendment is correctly
interpreted.

In many large U.S. cities, such as Dallas, Houston and Los Angeles, nearly
two-thirds of the births are to illegal immigrant mothers.

According to the Center for Immigration Studies, an estimated 380,000 expectant
mothers crossed the border illegally in one year in hopes of giving birth in
America. And this is all at a high cost to the American taxpayer. Health care
and social services for illegal immigrants cost Americans an estimated $1.1
billion per year.

Passing a law to eliminate birth citizenship would help deter illegal
immigration and reduce the burden on the taxpayer of paying for illegal
immigrants' education, health care and other government benefits.

Lamar Smith, R-Texas, chairman, House Judiciary Committee

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              686 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            August 31, 2010 Tuesday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

AN HONORABLE GATHERING FOR ALL

SECTION: NATIONAL; YOUR LETTERS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 1269 words


Glenn Beck rally

Several days ago Daniel Ruth wrote an extremely negative and biased opinion on
Glenn Beck and his rally in Washington. Ruth went to great lengths to demean
Beck and his days in Tampa. But because of his bias, Ruth failed to point out
that Beck had substance abuse problems while here in Tampa and by his own
admission was not a nice person. But faith completely changed him. That was a
"minor" point that Ruth did not choose to mention.

Well, I still chose to watch the "Restoring Honor" rally Saturday and every
American, Republican, Democrat, independent, black, white, even Daniel Ruth
should have reveled in the patriotism and the recognition of our men and women
in the military, as well as the honoring of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Daniel
Ruth should tell us what was wrong with that event.

Don Letzring, Palm Harbor

* * *

Racial distortions

I noticed in the second paragraph of your Aug. 28 story (At Beck rally,
traditional values urged) a comment that the rally was "overwhelmingly white."
For all of "its overwhelming whiteness" you must have missed the group that sang
the national anthem or one of the main speakers, Alveda King, a niece of Martin
Luther King Jr., and the many other blacks in the audience.

While emphasizing the "whiteness" of the Beck rally you failed to mention that
the Al Sharpton rally was "overwhelmingly black." This must have been just an
oversight on your part. It was also significant that none of the Beck rally
speakers even mentioned the Sharpton group but at least two, per your article,
chastised Beck and his audience. Now where is the "racism" coming from?

Dayle Stevens, Largo

* * *

Gathering the gullible

If the lemmings who follow Glenn Beck and Sarah Palin are really serious about
restoring honor in America they should start by insisting that Palin return to
Alaska and finish her term as governor. That would be the "honorable" thing for
her to do.

They should also take a good look in the mirror and realize how they have failed
America by not seeing Beck for what he is: a con artist in love with the sound
of his own voice. His kind is always ready to separate gullible people from
their money.

Dennis Bush, Tampa

* * *

The Pier

Let the public be served

Whatever form the new pier in St. Petersburg takes, please include a water
taxi/streetcar station on it. Heed the call from a local group rallying for this
update in our transportation system for three years now. Also, recreate the true
magic of the present fifth-floor veranda of the inverted pyramid, as most St.
Petersburg residents and visitors cannot afford to buy a Beach Drive condo and
the present Pier is the only place that they can get this magnificent view. It
will be challenging to achieve this closer to shore. Let's hope that we are
successful in this.

It doesn't take an expert to know that there was some real soul in the present
Pier to serve all of us in St. Petersburg, regardless of income. Hooray to St.
Petersburg City Council member Wengay Newton for fighting for us and his attempt
to get some feedback from the residents on this important issue.

Jeannie Cline, St. Petersburg

* * *

A fine old fellow

Buildings, like old men, show their age after 40. Tribal tattoos and toned
pectoral muscles start to sag. Hair thinning on top sprouts from the ears.

Buildings suffer from corroding foundations. Floors crack. Fixtures fall out of
fashion. What felt cool in 1973 now feels hopelessly out of date.

And so it is with the Pier. The most dangerous time for any building approaching
historic status is 40 years. Infrastructures crumble. A bold design, the
inverted pyramid, wears like an old leisure suit. Vendors complain that locals
will not go there to buy goofy hats and overpriced ice cream. Planners call for
demolition.

Do I have to point out that middle-aged men also become grandfathers? Given
current tastes, a redesigned Pier will probably take the "traditional" style.
And given the budget, the new Pier will lack the construction quality of the
classic St. Petersburg landmarks. We will probably end up with a cheap knock-off
of Snell Arcade. Think BayWalk, 10 years after.

Consider instead the long view. Turn over the Pier to the city's thriving
creative class. Improve the approach, which is the real problem. But keep the
building as it is. Our children's children will thank us for it.

Thomas Hallock, St. Petersburg

* * *

Radio memories

Fifty-two years later and my arteries are still clogged from the glorious fried
onion rings sold at the greasy-spoon restaurant on the St. Petersburg Pier.

I arrived in the summer of '58 to work at WSUN Radio and Television, which had
studios in the crumbling, old mausoleum. It was a bright, August day (hot, of
course) and even in my tie and best Palm Beach suit I thought I had arrived at
Heaven's Gate.

The TV studios were at ground level and there were winding flights of stairs in
and outside to the radio floors above. As program director, I had to turn down a
highly qualified broadcast applicant because he was wheelchair bound. No way to
get around in that building.

Our offices had thin, plywood walls and leaky ceilings, and we had damage when a
hurricane gave a glancing but heavy blow to the Tampa Bay area. It was Donna in
1960. We abandoned the Pier and had many good hours broadcasting the storm from
Red Cross headquarters downtown. After we returned, we found water ankle-deep in
the offices and studios. Crumbling, yes, but I loved it out there and hope the
City Council builds something to last another century.

Robert Vaughn, Oldsmar

* * *

How can new Pier stay new? - Aug. 20, story

Attraction for the kids

I was incredulous while reading former St. Petersburg Mayor Randy Wedding's
comments about the lack of "family oriented entertainment" in Pinellas County.
Wedding must not have gotten the memo that it's no longer 1990 and Tampa has
"St. Pete envy" and not the other way around.

Case in point: Great Explorations, the Children's Museum at Sunken Gardens. For
less than $10 per person, children, especially from 3-12 years old and their
exhausted, overheated parents or grandparents, can enjoy a myriad of hands-on
activities in air-conditioned comfort. Compared to overpriced, scorching Busch
Gardens, Great Explorations is the affordable, educational, very fun activity
right here in St. Petersburg.

Great Explorations is moving into the future with some great stuff, including
plans for a return of the Touch Tunnel and a freshening of exhibits. St.
Petersburg doesn't need to wait four years while surrendering to Tampa in the
area of family friendliness.

Scott Wagman, St. Petersburg

* * *

Mother publicly shares her loss - Aug. 27

The grief of mothers

I commend the mother of Cpl. Nathaniel Schultz for publicly airing her grief
over the death of her son. During the three months he was in Afghanistan I know
she lived in constant fear and worry. Since 2003, mothers of servicemen and
women all over this country have lived with this fear. And many, such as Liza
Natkin, are having to deal with the death of their child. No matter their ages,
they are still our children.

I am the mother of two sons, one who is returning from his second deployment to
Iraq, and one who will deploy to Afghanistan on Sept. 11. It is so frustrating
to see life going on as if there were no war. But to those of us who have loved
ones in harm's way, the war is a reality we live with every second of every day.

Your poignant article on the death of Cpl. Schultz and on his mother's grief is
a powerful way to let the citizens of our country realize the tremendous
sacrifice being made by our military men and women.

Jan Kokernot, St. Petersburg

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2010 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              687 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                    January 28, 2001 Sunday Michigan Edition

Victims try to break cycle of abuse

BYLINE: By ANDREW S. HUGHES; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: SUNDAYPUNCH; Pg. F1

LENGTH: 528 words


A guest at St. Margaret's House in South Bend, "Mary," 37, entered her first
abusive relationship at age 16, when her abuser, a lifelong acquaintance, was
26. They eventually had two children together, now 18 and 11 years old. Not only
did he deny he fathered her children, Mary says he was married, too.

Throughout their relationship, her abuser called her "whore, slut, the whole
ordeal."

"When somebody keeps calling you things like that, it makes you feel that way,"
she says. "Being a teen-ager, I thought it was normal, because I come from
somewhat of an abusive family. I guess I was in a cycle of some sort."

Although she says her first abuser specialized in mental abuse and "never really
hit me," she has had other partners who have abused her since she ended that
relationship six years ago. She says she has bite marks and scars from her last
relationship and now attends domestic violence classes at the YWCA.

"I'm learning in this (domestic violence) class that it's a cycle and that
something needs to be done with it," Mary says. "If I let it go (on), my
children will be in abusive relationships as they get older."

She says her oldest son, a 22-year-old born before her first abusive
relationship started, already exhibits abusive behavior with his girlfriend.

"I've seen him be abusive toward her, and I've tried to intervene and he's hit
me in the middle of it," Mary says. "I've talked to him about it, but he's 22
and has a mind of his own. Someday his girlfriend will call the police on him. I
try to educate him on what I'm learning at the Y."

Her 18-year-old daughter, however, appears to be in a relationship with "a
pretty nice guy" who's "responsible," she says.

"Tish," a 42-year-old guest at St. Margaret's House, was 16, a "good Catholic
girl, a virgin" when she started to date the man with whom she would spend 18
years as a victim of domestic abuse.

The two attended high school together and were "like friends for a good five
years," she says. She says she comes from a "broken home" with an alcoholic
father.

"He went into the Marines; we wrote each other," Tish says. "When he got out, he
took me out of my parents' home and we went to California."

In California, the couple had a son and daughter, and her abuser "more or less
brainwashed me that I was an old maid," she says. "I never went to parties with
people my own age."

He was jealous and referred to her friends as whores and kept her isolated from
them.

"When you're young, love makes you do crazy things," Tish says. "When they know
you're vulnerable, they can run little games with you and get away with certain
things."

Even after they returned to Indiana in 1989, she remained a stranger to her
family.

"He would always want me to do for his family, like Christmas, birthdays, but I
would never do for my family," Tish says. "It was all about his family, never
about my family."

About a year ago, Tish broke up with another abusive boyfriend.

"That last relationship, I got pregnant, and I don't believe in abortion, but he
forced me to have one," Tish says. "That child would be 2 years old today, and I
think about him a lot."


LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: "By the time parents see bruises on their daughter, theyve missed 200
signs. Verbal and emotional abuse, in my opinion, is the worst kind of abuse. It
demeans the soul. It kills the spirit."  Jill Murray Author

                 Copyright 2001 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              688 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   September 17, 1995, Sunday, Final Edition

It's Only Natural; At Maine's Common Ground Fair, the Counterculture Lives On

Christopher Corbett, Special to The Washington Post

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. E01

LENGTH: 1605 words


Yes, they have hog calling at Maine's Common Ground Country Fair, but it's not
that brutish, redneck, testosterone-crazed hog calling, the kind of abusive hog
calling that demeans the porker, leaving a sensitive hog permanently
traumatized.

No, no, no. At Common Ground it's totally non-threatening hog calling (actually
they call it pig calling). And it's completely respectful of a pig's
spirituality. It's nonaggressive. It's positive. It's more of a harmonious
dialogue between human and hog, which sensitively acknowledges the hog within
all of us.

That's what makes Common Ground, the Pine Tree State's annual gathering of
counterculturalists, a wholesome if daffy spectacle. It's Up With People and the
Whole Earth Catalogue combined. P.T. Barnum meets Scott Nearing.

At Common Ground, now in its 19th year, there's Sufi dancing, human reflexology,
manure pitching and 1,001 things you can do with a lentil in the privacy of your
own yurt (that's a Mongolian hut). There are fascinating talks like "The FBI's
Role in the Assassination of JFK" or "Intensive Rotational Grazing Management."
And "chain saw filing" demonstrations. The fair, sponsored by the Maine Organic
Farmers and Gardeners Association, runs for three days each fall (this year it's
next weekend, Friday through Sunday) at the Windsor Fair Grounds in central
Maine (near Augusta). Common Ground, increasingly more commercial with each
passing year, traces its roots to the back-to-the-land movement of the late
1960s and early '70s. Sixty thousand typically come to gawk or pray, briefly
making remote Windsor Maine's third largest city.

During last year's fair, the wily natives in Windsor, in anticipation of this
God-sent windfall, hunkered down by Route 32 like cargo cultists, dragging out
some of their earthly possessions and hastily erecting yard sales. Other
enterprising souls attempted to flag down visitors with enticements of parking
(ONLY $ 3!!!). A few hundred yards north of the fairground, two women sat
astride a pair of Arctic Cat snowmobiles like American Gothic lawn ornaments.
The snowmobiles were for sale, but the sort of right-thinking person who makes
the pilgrimage to the land of the homeopathic, the homegrown and holistic would
be an improbable customer for the evil snowmobile, the scourge of winter and the
devil's own plaything.

What separates Common Ground from other Maine fairs is that the other fairs
(ostensibly agricultural but largely carnivals) are woefully seedy. Common
Ground is not. The only thing Common Ground has in common with the rest of
Maine's fair circuit is gluttony. (The food is a lot healthier at Common Ground,
though.)

I was trying to keep the hog within me in check, but the many aromas of the
fairgrounds were tempting. I almost sampled a Rosita's Soyburger Burrito and
washed the whole organic concoction down with organic cider. Instead, I opted to
get in touch with the carnivore within.

There's no common ground round at Common Ground. This blessed plot of earth is
primarily vegetarian. However, as luck would have it, I espied the Noon Family
Sheep Farm of Springvale, Maine. Here a lively group of lads dressed in court
jester's caps were barbecuing lamb. Many otherwise decent and spiritually
enlightened diners -- obviously irritable from the effects of too much herbal
tea and weary from Sufi dancing -- were passing on the sprouts and tofu and
taking the flesh of God's creatures with the Noon Family. I bought a lamb
sausage on a roll (a counterculturalist's tube steak) and marched out to view
the splendors arrayed before me.

Even with the aid of a very detailed map and program pressed upon fairgoers at
the entrance, the fairgrounds are baffling to negotiate. The thing to do is just
wander along with the herd. Past the Morris dancers, rosy of cheek and sweating
like lascars in the strong Indian summer sun; past the stilt walkers; past Mike
Nobel, the Human Jukebox; past the Maxishock cable pitchman ("Fence Deer Out");
past the ubiquitous and unctuous mimes, the countercultural equivalent of
Shriners in Funny Cars.

A public address system earnestly broadcasts announcements. "Learning to Dowse"
in the Whole Life Tent is competing with "Making Herbal Teas." But there's still
time to catch "Worm Composting" before the "Children's Vegetable Parade." And
hit topics like "Raising Llamas in Maine," "Witchcraft: Yesterday and Today,"
"Making Herbal Lip Balm" and "Herbs for Your Pets." There are talks on "Cranial
Osteopathy," "Creating an Herbal Brunch," "Spinning Raw Fleece" and "Home Beer
Brewing" (where a sign mysteriously read "Keep Out Judging in Progress"), and
many programs involving nature's little friend, the honey bee.

Along the midway, I noticed the first of a rather startling number of
incongruities. At Common Ground there appeared to be no attempt whatsoever to
impose dogmatic purity on the sweeping array of philosophies gathered together.
Here the lion lies down with the lamb (better that than the Noon family), and
the Maine Trappers Association ("utilizing Maine's fur resources") coexists
peaceably with the Extinction Is Forever folks. The Maine Greens are here and
the John Deere regional sales manager is there. Even the local Shop 'N Save buys
a page in the Common Ground paper, noting, "Great communities are diverse
communities."

Many odd crafts, if that is the word, not normally associated with the state of
Maine were also offered for sale. An exhibition of the hand-forged Gurkha knife,
the Nepalese kukri (the counterculturalist's version of the Amazing Vege-matic),
seemed to draw the curious.

Okay, so the two guys selling these babies didn't look like Gurkhas to my
untrained eyes. There are a lot of pitchmen at Common Ground. You got your
Electric pickup truck here, you got your Borealis yurts there. And a lot of fast
talkers selling build-your-own houses that looked like Lincoln Logs for
grown-ups.

I staggered upon the Maine Council of Reflexologists (Mencken, thou shouldst be
living at this hour . . .).

I'm an easy mark. I took a brochure. It read: "When Your Feet Feel Good You Feel
Good." Made sense to me. My dogs was whupped. I had walked many miles admiring
the handiwork of my fellow Maine men and women. I had seen and ingested amazing
things.

In addition to sore feet, I was experiencing some mild dyspepsia as the result
of knocking back an old time birch beer, a refreshing natural soft drink that
resembled carbonated witch hazel and left a pungent aftertaste.

In my weakened state, I was a pushover for reflexology, said to be "an ancient
technique of applying pressure to reflex points of the feet, hands and ears."
Alas, the reflexologists were taking a break. So I moseyed over to watch the
Maine Massage Guild lay hands on the afflicted.

Truth is, the reason I stopped here was that the masseuses had some folding
chairs and some shade. It was worth it, even if I had to listen simultaneously
to the ravings of the Let Cuba Live pitchman, a very earnest girl offering
something called the "Cervical Cap User Handbook," and the anti-NAFTA people.

I was also subjected to a lecture on something called World Federalism and a
viewing of a home video on natural childbirth hosted by some midwives. I took a
"Cervical Cap User Handbook" and a "You Can't Hug Your Kids With Nuclear Arms"
bumper sticker and resumed the long march.

Farther along the midway, I pulled up lame in front of EarthTides Pagan Network
("an alternative nature religion"). "This is not Satanism," the brochure assured
me. Heck, I was willing to listen to a little of that old black magic in return
for a folding chair and some shade.

But the Wiccans, as they called themselves, had a Spartan operation -- not a
chair in sight. They were, however, as affable as Jaycees and as ecumenical as
Unitarians. I took a "My Other Car Is a Broom" bumper sticker and moved on.

Nearby, a group of high-spirited (no pun intended there) lads who represented
the Business Alliance for Commerce in Hemp ("Hemp Is America's Most Versatile
Cash Crop") were urging a hemp-based economy. (Could this lead to birch beer?) I
received more brochures and handouts. The lads at the hemp stand told me that
many great Americans favored hemp, including George Washington and Thomas
Jefferson.

I stopped for yet another leaflet, this one from the Mainers Against the Death
Penalty. (As Maine has not executed anyone since 1885, it would appear to be a
moot point, but they are ever vigilant.) Another pesky World Federalist hit on
me.

Having gotten my second wind, I arrived at the Blessed Maine Herb Co. of West
Athens, an honest-to-goodness medicine show, where a brisk trade in healing
massage oil, chickweed, burdock root and various tonics said to be beneficial to
man and beast was underway.

I was eager to quiz the natural practitioners here more closely, but an elderly
woman said to be experiencing hot flashes took first priority.

Finally, the staff of experts at the Blessed Maine Herb Co. assessed my
condition. They prescribed Moon Time herb tea and a "male nerve tonic" and sent
me on my way.

This year's Common Ground Fair will be held Sept. 22-24 at the Windsor Fair
Grounds on Route 32, about a 20-minute drive east of Augusta, Maine. For more
information, and a booklet detailing fair activities, contact the Maine Organic
Farmers and Gardeners Association, 207-623-5115 or 207-622-3118. For information
about accommodations, contact the Maine Publicity Bureau, 1-800-533-9595.

Christopher Corbett is a Maine-born writer and author of the novel
"Vacationland" (Viking).


LOAD-DATE: September 17, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, jean english; Map, brad wye, Fairgoers at Maine's Common Ground
Country Fair.

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                              689 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   October 7, 1992, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Roast turkey with choice of wines

BYLINE: BYN TONY ASPLER

SECTION: FOOD; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 361 words


Thanksgiving approaches. Turkey time. What wine to serve

There is perhaps no other dish offering such a wide choice of wines. Turkey (and
I don't want to demean an entire sub-species of the bird family) is a boring
meat with not much flavor. It needs fruit sauces and spicy stuffings to gussy it
up.

But if you like plain old-fashioned roast bird, you could go with any good dry
white wine or even one with a touch of residual sugar.

Avoid overly acidic whites (Muscadet, Riesling in Trocken style). My choice
would be the Trimbach Pinot Blanc from Alsace ($ 13.65) or, less costly, the
Schelinger Kirschberg Muller-Thurgau from Baden in Germany ($ 8.65).

I happen to like dark meat and prefer a light, fruity red wine to accompany it,
such as Beaujolais Hospices de Beaujeu ($ 12.30) or Colio Cabernet Franc from
Ontario ($ 8.05).

If you like a sage and onion stuffing, try a Californian Sauvignon Blanc (Dry
Creek ($ 11.80) or Mondavi Napa Valley Fume Blanc ($ 13.20).

If you are using fruit (raisins, dried apricot, apples) in the stuffing or
making a cranberry sauce, you will need a wine with a hint of residual sugar but
good acidity, such as the Niersteiner Gutes Domtal ($ 7.95) or the Bernkastel
Kurfurstlay from Germany ($ 8.15).

Or if you want to hunt it down in a Vintages store or corner, Dopff au Moulin
blend of Alsatian grapes labelled Chateaudu Moulin 1989 ($ 13.50). For a red
from Vintages, try J. Lohr Gamay 1991 from California ($ 10.85) and chill it
lightly.

If you go with a Thai or TexMex style of stuffing, choose a spicy wine like the
newly listed aromatic and orangey Hungarian Nagyrede Dry Muscat at a bargain $
6.75.

* Burlington has a new wine bar. It's called Sonoma Valley Bistro and, as the
name suggests, the emphasis is on wines from Sonoma and Napa, as well as Ontario
and other world regions. 3135 Harvester Rd., Burlington (416-637-2166).

* For information on Ontario grapes for home winemaking, call the Niagara Grape
Action Hotline (416-685-5547).

* If you have questions about matching food and wine, write to Tony Aspler, c/o
Food section, Toronto Star, One Yonge St., Toronto M5E 1E6.


LOAD-DATE: October 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1992 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              690 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                         October 7, 1992, Wednesday, AM

Roast turkey with choice of wines

BYLINE: BYn Tony Aspler

SECTION: FOOD; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 370 words


   Thanksgiving approaches. Turkey time. What wine to serve?

There is perhaps no other dish offering such a wide choice of wines. Turkey (and
I don't want to demean an entire sub-species of the bird family) is a boring
meat with not much flavor. It needs fruit sauces and spicy stuffings to gussy it
up.

But if you like plain old-fashioned roast bird, you could go with any good dry
white wine or even one with a touch of residual sugar.

Avoid overly acidic whites (Muscadet, Riesling in Trocken style). My choice
would be the Trimbach Pinot Blanc from Alsace ($13.65) or, less costly, the
Schelinger Kirschberg Muller-Thurgau from Baden in Germany ($8.65).

I happen to like dark meat and prefer a light, fruity red wine to accompany it,
such as Beaujolais Hospices de Beaujeu ($12.30) or Colio Cabernet Franc from
Ontario ($8.05).

If you like a sage and onion stuffing, try a Californian Sauvignon Blanc (Dry
Creek ($11.80) or Mondavi Napa Valley Fume Blanc ($13.20).

If you are using fruit (raisins, dried apricot, apples) in the stuffing or
making a cranberry sauce, you will need a wine with a hint of residual sugar but
good acidity, such as the Niersteiner Gutes Domtal ($7.95) or the Bernkastel
Kurfurstlay from Germany ($8.15).

Or if you want to hunt it down in a Vintages store or corner, Dopff au Moulin
blend of Alsatian grapes labelled Chateaudu Moulin 1989 ($13.50). For a red from
Vintages, try J. Lohr Gamay 1991 from California ($10.85) and chill it lightly.

If you go with a Thai or TexMex style of stuffing, choose a spicy wine like the
newly listed aromatic and orangey Hungarian Nagyrede Dry Muscat at a bargain
$6.75.

* Burlington has a new wine bar. It's called Sonoma Valley Bistro and, as the
name suggests, the emphasis is on wines from Sonoma and Napa, as well as Ontario
and other world regions. 3135 Harvester Rd., Burlington (416-637-2166).

* For information on Ontario grapes for home winemaking, call the Niagara Grape
Action Hotline (416-685-5547).

* If you have questions about matching food and wine, write to Tony Aspler, c/o
Food section, Toronto Star, One Yonge St., Toronto M5E 1E6.Vintage; Point

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1992 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              691 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           January 21, 2010 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Where would Collins do the least harm?

BYLINE: By Rod Watson

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 588 words


Old definition of mixed emotions: Watching your in-laws drive over the cliff in
your brand-new Cadillac.

New definition of mixed emotions: Watching Chris Collins' drive for higher
office that would remove him from Erie County.

Collins' potential news conference to say he'll seek the governor's mansion
raises an intriguing question: Where would he do the least harm?

Should foes unite with fans in a campaign to move him out of the Rath Building,
where he has proven to be the Little Person's worst enemy? Or would he do even
more damage to the county's urban and progressive interests as governor?

The county executive is expected to announce his gubernatorial quest any day
now, during the lull between his last verbal gaffe and the next one. But his
"jokes" that demean women and insult Jews are nothing compared with the impact
of policies that end county involvement in city health clinics, cut child care
for working mothers and starve inner-city cultural agencies.

It's enough to make local folks form a PAC and send him packing for Albany.

"I probably would work for his [gubernatorial] campaign -- to get him out of
Erie County," said County Legislator Betty Jean Grant.

I'm not sure she was joking.

The Buffalo Democrat has sparred with Collins on a variety of issues, including
his plan to ignore money that the Legislature put in the budget for smaller
cultural agencies, including the African American Cultural Center, Ujima Theatre
Company, New Phoenix Theatre, El Museo Gallery and the Buffalo City Ballet.

It's the type of high-handed power play she doesn't think Collins could pull off
in Albany, where "strong elected officials very committed to their communities"
would be "buffers between him and the community" and would never put up with it.

Collins would get rebuffed in Albany even if he didn't have his well-chronicled
problems relating to people. One could imagine him trying to set up a meeting
with the Assembly speaker by summoning his secretary to place a phone call:
"Sweetheart, get me the Antichrist!"

His "lap dance" insult to working women and his derogatory reference to Speaker
Sheldon Silver -- an Orthodox Jew -- only compound the obstacles he would face
trying to ram his regressive agenda through the State Capitol.

Allison Duwe, executive director of the Coalition for Economic Justice, seconds
the idea that Albany's other players would throttle Collins. A statewide
campaign also would bring a spotlight to what the former businessman is doing to
workers trying to scrape by in Erie County, she noted.

Still, despite the stiff opposition he would face in Albany, some fear the reach
Collins could have from the Executive Mansion.

"He's doing his dead-level best to get out of anything that's not mandated,"
County Legislature Majority Leader Maria Whyte says. She fears that as governor,
he could do even more to gut programs aiding the poor. For instance, since
Medicaid doesn't cover foot-in-mouth disease, he'd have no compunction about
trying to slash it.

"Either way, it's not good. I just can't say that enough," Whyte said, referring
to Collins as county executive or governor.

In a perfect world, he would resign the county post to run for governor -- and
then lose. But as "wide right" and "no goal" have proven, our luck's not that
good. He'll probably remain as one or the other.

When choosing between candidates, we often are reduced to picking the lesser of
two evils. In deciding where Chris Collins is best fit to serve, it would come
down to the same thing.

e-mail: rwatson@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Commentary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              692 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            August 31, 1985 Saturday

BACKSTAGE   Year of the Dragon   to carry disclaimer

BYLINE: REUT

LENGTH: 156 words

DATELINE: Los Angeles CA


LOS ANGELES  (Reuter) - The controversial new film, The Year of the
 Dragon, will soon include a disclaimer aimed at appeasing Asian-Americans
 who have protested its alleged racist portrayals of Chinese, the
 distributors said Thursday.

UA-MGM chairman Frank Rothman told a news conference that a one-
 sentence disclaimer 'will appear at the beginning, right before the lion
 roars,' in prints of the film directed by Michael Cimino that are shown
 in New York and Los Angeles.

It will state: 'This film does not intend to demean or ignore the many
 achievements of Asian- Americans, and in particular, Chinese-American
 citizens.'
    People of Asian descent last week set up picket lines outside Los
 Angeles and New York cinemas, asserting that the portrayal of New York
 Chinatown gang activities was racist.

Rothman said a decision will be made next week whether to order the
 insert spliced into prints being shown outside New York and Los Angeles.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              693 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   May 19, 1997, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Sports of The Times;
C-Plus Is Enough For Tiger to Triumph

BYLINE: By DAVE ANDERSON

SECTION: Section C; Page 9; Column 5; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 791 words

DATELINE: IRVING, Tex.


AT the Masters, Tiger Woods had what he calls his "A game," and he won. But even
with a two-stroke lead at 15 under par here in the GTE Byron Nelson Classic
after a three-under-par 67 in Saturday's third round, he knew his golf game
deserved a lower mark.

"It was in between a B and a C," he said.

And even when he won yesterday with a two-under-par 68 for a 17-under-par total
of 263, he did it with a golf game he marked as C-plus.

"Winning like this means a lot," he said. "It shows if you think well and have a
good short game, you can win."

He wasn't trying to be humble or demean those who finished behind him. Winning
without your A game is what has separated all the great golfers from the
grinders.

"You look at Jack Nicklaus in the majors," he said.

"He'll tell you he never had his A game. Never."

But yesterday, as on Saturday, this 21-year-old golf Beatle won as much with his
mind as with his muscle.

"I know what I'm doing wrong," he said after Saturday's round. "It's causing a
position on the downswing in which I get stuck.

"I've been getting stuck since I was a little boy. I'm still fighting it.
Certain faults will stick with you for the rest of your life. And this is one of
them for me."

Before yesterday's final round, his swing doctor, Butch Harmon, who had been
watching him on television Saturday in Houston, drove up to get him unstuck.

"I had seen some things," Harmon was saying now after his patient had hit two
big buckets of balls on the practice tee. "He was hitting upshooters into the
wind. His posture got very bad. I told him to get tall and stay tall. And he has
the courage to take this right to the first tee."

In his earlier rounds on the TPC at Las Colinas, the golf Beatle had teed off
with a 3-wood on the 385-yard first hole. But yesterday, with wind gusts of 20
miles an hour behind him, he took the tiger-striped orange head cover off his
driver.

Of the 100,000 people in his galloping gallery over the 6,899-yard course
yesterday, this was what the thousands around the first tee had hoped to see:
his trying to drive the first green. After waving to those on the right side of
the fairway to get down, he hit a soaring tee shot.

"It hit a spectator; but he was all right," he said later. "If it hadn't, it
would've been pin high or past the green."

His ball had sailed about 360 yards, some 25 yards short of the green. After a
par there, he bogeyed the third hole after splashing his tee shot, then trailed
Lee Rinker by two strokes. But with a birdie at the 12th he shared the lead, and
his birdie at the 554-yard 16th assured it.

At that long 16th uphill into the wind, he hit a driver off the tee, then
another driver off the fairway. And as he walked to his ball to the left of the
green, he basked in the cheers, saying later, "I was still grinding, but it was
hard not to smile and laugh." And simply enjoy it.

Somebody among the 100,000 was heard to yell, "Don't ever change."

Whenever Woods wins, he chisels his name on the milestones of golf history.

He's the first to win 5 of his first 16 PGA Tour events, and the second-youngest
to win 5.

Horton Smith, remembered best for winning two of the first three Masters in 1934
and 1936, won seven PGA Tour events before he turned 21, but he won only 2 of
his first 16.

Gene Sarazen won 3 of his first 20, and Sam Snead won 3 of his first 11 and 4 of
his first 22.

Woods is now the PGA Tour's leading money winner this year with $1,290,350,
including $324,000 yesterday.

With three triumphs in eight events this year, Woods is on pace to equal, if not
surpass, some of the best golfers' best years. Horton Smith won 8 of 22 in 1929;
Jack Nicklaus 7 of 18 in 1973; Jimmy Demaret 6 of 12 in 1940 and Ben Hogan 5 of
6 in 1953, including his triple crown of the Masters, the United States Open and
the British Open.

And who's to say that golf's Beatle won't win again next week at the MasterCard
Colonial in nearby Fort Worth? And the following week at the Memorial at
Muirfield Village outside Columbus, Ohio, and at the United States Open at
Congressional outside Washington next month?

Too many touring pros just want to make the 36-hole cut, then want to finish
high and make some money.

Not this touring pro. On his arrival here last week, he said simply, "I came
here to win." And he did.

For the great ones, nothing less will do. It was that way with Jack Nicklaus and
Arnold Palmer and Tom Watson, with Ben Hogan and Byron Nelson and Sam Snead,
with Bobby Jones, Walter Hagen and Gene Sarazen.

Only eight months after turning pro after his third United States Amateur title,
Tiger Woods keeps justifying his hype and all his upfront millions. He is the
next great golfer. Even with his C-plus game.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              694 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            November 28, 2008 Friday

YOUR LETTERS

SECTION: OPINIONS; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 439 words


Pitts wrong to link gay marriage, civil rights

Leonard Pitts takes fellow blacks to task. but he is wrong. He states that "in
helping make Barack Obama ... some black folks chose to demean and deny someone
else," as evidenced in black support "by a margin of two to one" for the
"California initiative denying recognition to same-sex marriages."

Pitts is wrong to link "gay marriage" with black civil rights. Marriage predates
the U.S. Constitution, the United States of America, Western civilization,
religious expressions dominant in Western civilization. The founders of our
republic understood that government does not give marriage. Marriage comes from
outside government. Marriage is not a constitutional right; the "denying" of it
is not withheld civil rights.

Voters in California simply upheld what has been true throughout all of recorded
human history: marriage is between a man and a woman. Voters simply refused to
be browbeaten into providing something that all of humanity has had thousands of
years to give its stamp of approval to but hasn't.

Kenneth Owens

Kettering

Dems must act more morally than GOP did

Re "What about the media warriors on the liberal side, readers ask," Nov. 21: I
take exception to Martin Gottlieb's position concerning the "liberal" or
"conservative" media. Being about as "liberal" as one can be in Dayton, I object
strongly to Keith Olbermann, Chris Matthews, and most of the rest at MSNBC.

MSNBC seems to assume that liberals need to have a news channel that informs
them very little, and instead simply reflects back to them their own opinions.
It may be soothing, but it eventually puts us in the same morally tenuous
position that just gave the GOP a huge thumping.

I am registered Democratic and a Third Party member, but the case for supporting
the Democratic Party is that, when they are in power, they will behave in a more
moral way than the GOP. Neo-liberal television and (some) radio have gleefully
shown that they can be just as histrionic and self-righteous as the
neo-conservatives.

Perhaps they are "responding" to right-wing media hacks, although they clearly
support mainstream Democrats over truly liberal candidates. Now that Democrats
are in charge of all three "checks and balances," why not try acting more than
reacting? The Democrats are in charge. Let us see them behave in a more rational
and thoughtful manner than neoconservatives.

The cries of "govern from the center" are already ringing. That is not how the
country voted; neo-conservatives do not say that when they win. If the Democrats
do not seize this chance, I fear that it will not come again.

Kyle Christensen

Dayton

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              695 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         North Carolina Lawyers Weekly

                                  May 14, 2007

N.C. coach's sexual banter out of bounds under Title IX

BYLINE: Reni Gertner Lawyers USA

LENGTH: 879  words


The en banc 4th Circuit's recent decision that a university can be sued under
Title IX for a sexually hostile environment allegedly created by a women's
soccer coach may expand the bounds of sexual harassment liability in the locker
room and on the playing field.

The high-profile case involves Anson Dorrance, the winning head coach of the
women's soccer team at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill since
1979. A woman who was cut from the team sued under Title IX, alleging that
Dorrance asked her and her teammates questions about their sex lives and made
inappropriate comments about their bodies.

The ruling will make it more likely that common sexual banter and behavior on
college sports teams _ such as athletic drills that involve proximity to
players' genitals and comments by coaches that demean female athletes _ will be
actionable under Title IX.

"This will set the tone for how courts are going to draw the line in Title IX
cases," said Geneva, Ill., attorney Daniel Konicek, who practices with Konicek &
Dillon and represents the plaintiff in this case.

"They are going to say there is the joking and the banter you can put up with,
but when you cross the line to the personal sexual lives of the women," that's
too far, he predicted.

The decision brings sex harassment in college sports to the forefront of the
national radar.

"The decision is a wake-up call for what has been a real sleeper," said Shelly
Steinbach, a former attorney with the American Council on Education. "The whole
issue of sex harassment in athletic departments has basically been ignored with
the exception of a handful of cases. "

Nancy Hogshead-Makar, a former Olympic swimmer and sports law professor at
Florida Coastal School of Law, agreed.

"Athletic departments breed unique opportunities for harassment that classrooms
don't," she said. "[But] previously, people have considered this behavior to be
part and parcel of college athletics. "

The fact that Dorrance is so well-known makes it even more likely that college
athletes and universities will take notice.

"This case raises the profile of actions taken by a coach and by an athletic
department," said Steinbach, who practices with Dow Lohnes in Washington.

Hogshead-Makar predicted that the decision would lead to more suits by female
athletes.

"I would expect to see more administrative claims filed at the university level"
as well, added Vicki Barker, the legal director of the California Women's Law
Center, who recently filed a Title IX case on behalf of a high school student.

Crude questions

Plaintiff Melissa Jennings claimed that Dorrance asked her and her teammates
questions about who their sex partners were and how often they were having sex.
She also claimed that the coach initiated sex-related conversation any time the
team was together, made sexual advances toward some players, and touched one
player inappropriately.

She complained about the coach during her freshman year. She was cut from the
team at the end of her sophomore year. She sued UNC, alleging that Dorrance's
behavior created a sexually hostile environment under Title IX.

A U.S. District Court granted summary judgment for the university, Dorrance, and
several other individual defendants.

But the 4th Circuit reversed, concluding that Jennings proffered sufficient
facts for a jury to find that the coach's "degrading and humiliating conduct was
sufficiently severe or pervasive to create a sexually hostile environment. "

A jury could conclude, the court said, that Dorrance "bombarded players with
crude questions and comments about their sexual activities and made comments
about players' bodies that portrayed them as sexual objects. "

The court also emphasized the age disparity between the coach and the plaintiff,
as well as the fact that the coach "controlled everything: team membership,
position, playing time, and scholarship eligibility. "

The court said that it didn't matter that the plaintiff's grades may have
improved slightly and that she was disappointed at being cut from the team,
because she had met her burden of proof with evidence that the coach's alleged
"severe and pervasive sexual harassment concretely and negatively affected her
ability to participate in the soccer program. "

School policies

As a result of the decision, lawyers who advise schools see a need for helping
them draft or revisit sexual harassment policies for their athletic departments.

"There ought to be a published code of conduct conveyed both to coaches and
student athletes, and it ought to be discussed at least annually and certainly
with every team," said Steinbach.

Steinbach and Hogshead-Makar have co-authored a law review article on the topic.
They argue that athletic departments should have specific sex harassment
policies, because there is frequent contact between coaches and team members
when traveling and a high likelihood of one-on-one contact between a coach and a
student.

They also note that such policies are important because relationships in college
athletics are obviously less formal, less structured and more physical than
classroom interactions.

Konicek emphasized that the circumstances are different in college athletics
than in a workplace due to the usually significant age disparity between a coach
and a student athlete.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              696 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            December 6, 2005 Tuesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

'GIRLCOTT' ORGANIZERS MEET WITH ABERCROMBIE EXECUTIVES

BYLINE: Monica L. Haynes, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 774 words

DATELINE: NEW ALBANY, Ohio


Executives of retailer Abercrombie & Fitch yesterday agreed to consider a
proposal by the Allegheny County Girls as Grantmakers for a line of T-shirts
that the girls believe would empower young women rather than demean them.

Dressed in business attire and armed with a PowerPoint presentation, members of
the grantmakers group did what no older, more established consumer group had
been able to do -- talk face-to-face with the company's corporate leaders
yesterday at their headquarters.

"I think it went pretty well and I think they took us seriously," said Maya
Savage, a 14-year-old student at Pittsburgh High School for the Creative and
Performing Arts.

"I wouldn't be too optimistic for something to come out of this but hopefully it
will," said Elizabeth Clark, a 14-year-old from Fox Chapel Area High School.

Yagmur Muftuoglu, a 16-year-old from Gateway High School, said the purpose of
the meeting was to show the company, especially its design team, that there are
alternatives to the T-shirts that she and other young women find offensive.

"I think we've accomplished that," she said.

Five weeks ago, the group successfully "girlcotted" shirts by the company that
they felt were offensive.

Abercrombie & Fitch pulled several of their "attitude" T-shirts last month after
five days of protests that drew national and international media attention. The
group said the shirts, with slogans like "Who Needs Brains When You Have These?"
were demeaning to women.

Sixteen members of the grantmakers group made the three-hour trip to Ohio
yesterday. Eleven of the girls, along with advisers Heather Arnet, executive
director of the Women and Girls Foundation of Southwest Pennsylvania, and Leslie
Williams of the Forbes Fund attended the hour-long meeting with Abercrombie
executives.

Ms. Arnet said she was proud of the girls' professionalism.

"They ran that meeting from the beginning to the end," she said. "It was clear
that the Abercrombie folks were very impressed with the girls ... I don't think
they were expecting them to be able to handle themselves in a boardroom
setting."

The company would not allow all of the girls into the meeting. The girls who did
not attend stayed on the bus with adviser Kristy Trautmann planning a
post-meeting news conference.

Representing Abercrombie & Fitch were Tom Lennox, director of corporate
communications; Mike Kramer, senior vice president and chief financial officer;
Dana Acock, vice president of human resources; Todd Corley, vice president of
diversity; Tom Ward, senior director of conceptual design; and Meredith Hickman,
manager of female conceptual design.

The gray nondescript building where the meeting took place looked more like a
warehouse than a corporate office. Inside, the girls said, it reminded them of
an Abercrombie & Fitch store, with mannequins wearing the company's apparel,
techno music in the background and giant pictures of a young, good-looking
couple kissing.

Some of the girls said they were surprised that the executives were dressed so
casually, wearing the jeans and shirts one might find in the company's
catalogue.

Still, the girls said the Abercrombie officials seemed very attentive and told
them that their words did not fall on deaf ears.

The girls told the executives that the clothing company's T-shirts were
offensive because they objectified women and perpetuated a stereotypical
standard of beauty when beauty comes in many forms.

The girls said the executives told them that they use focus groups to develop
the T-shirts and that young women in the focus groups felt the shirts were
humorous.

The group also pointed out what they saw as the company's lack of diversity.

"I didn't see any black employees except for the diversity person," Ms. Savage
said. "They said you just really have to look and you'll see it." She said the
group was directed to a diversity link on the company's Web site.

Emma Blackman-Mathis, co-chair of the grantmakers group and a junior at Schenley
High School, said she was pleased that the Abercrombie executives agreed to meet
with the group.

"They clearly heard our concerns and now we hope to move forward in partnership
with them to create more positive and empowering messages for the attitude
T-shirt line," she said.

The group wants Abercrombie & Fitch to launch a line of alternative T-shirts by
May and donate a portion of the revenue to groups like theirs.

But if the company decides not to work with the girls, they'll do the shirt with
another group, they insist.

"If it doesn't work with them we're going to make something happen because
that's the kind of people we are," said Alexis Papalia, a 14-year-old CAPA High
School student.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Monica Haynes can be reached at mhaynes@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1660.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Martha Rial/Post-Gazette: Rebecca Adelsheim, right, of O'Hara
Township, talks with Elizabeth Clark, left, of Fox Chapel, and Amber Neszpaul,
of the South Side, after the meeting they and other members of Allegheny County
Girls as Grantmakers had with executives at Abercrombie & Fitch in New Albany,
Ohio, yesterday. The Girls as Grantmakers pitched positive T-shirt messages to
A&F.
\ PHOTO: Martha Rial/Post-Gazette: Members of Allegheny County Girls as
Grantmakers enter Abercrombie & Fitch headquarters in New Albany, Ohio, for
their meeting.
\ MAP: By Post-Gazette: NEW ALBANY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              697 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              February 22, 2001, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

PEOPLE IN THE NEWS

BYLINE: Compiled By Harry Levins; Post-Dispatch Senior WriterCELEBRITY CONCERNS;
BIRTHDAYS; GOSSIP

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE, Pg. F4

LENGTH: 469 words


Herewith, a face-off on Eminem and his rap, from a brace of Formidable Women:

* Vice presidential wife Lynne Cheney tells CNN that The Emster's music is "the
most extreme example of rock lyrics used to demean women, rock lyrics used to
advocate violence against women, violence against gay people. It's my opinion
more than some young people turn to him just because he's offensive."

* Pop diva Madonna writes in the Los Angeles Times, "Since when is offensive
language a reason for being unpopular? I find the language of George W. much
more offensive. I like the fact that Eminem is brash and angry. ... And after
all, he's just a boy."

We're pleased to report that Mel Brooks has a hit with the stage version of "The
Producers," his cult-classic '68 movie. Reuters critic Chris Jones caught a
Chicago tryout and calls the show "cheerfully outrageous." Among the new
outrages: a little-old-lady chorus line, complete with walkers. But fear not.
The stage version preserves the movie's most glorious moment - the wondrously
overchoreographed "Springtime for Hitler."

Matters of contention:

* You'll recall that "Survivor" outcast Stacey E. Stillman sued CBS, saying show
creator Mark Burnett had persuaded two fellow contestants to vote her off. Now,
the show's producers have let slip their own lawyers. They're suing Stillman for
$ 5 million, alleging "a concerted pattern of breaching her agreements,
including leaking, granting interviews and misrepresenting and disclosing
confidential information."

* That titillating cover pic of actress Denise Richards on Maxim mag has a
distressing story behind it, says msnbc.com. Seems that Warner Bros. insisted
that she unbutton her blouse. Maxim denies all, but an insider at the mag says,
"She was practically in tears. She didn't want to do it, because she was afraid
it would look like she was being objectified."

* A members-only London boutique has banished member Naomi Campbell. Her gaffe:
barking at employees for failing to recognize her supermodel countenance and
open the door faster.

Paul Simon - the Illinois politician Paul Simon, not the singer Paul Simon - got
a chuckle from foxnews.com for submitting this program note for the annual
Grammy bash tossed by MusiCares: "I guess it takes time for word to get around.
That you have designated me Person of the Year gives me great satisfaction. My
talent is finally being recognized."

On this day:

Feb. 22, 1924, Calvin Coolidge made the first radio broadcast from the White
House.

Today's birthdays:

Announcer

Don Pardo           83

Massachusetts Sen.

Ted Kennedy         69

Basketball Hall-of-Famer

Julius Erving       51

Actor

Kyle MacLachlan     42

Actress

Drew Barrymore      26

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO Photo by THE ASSOCIATED PRESS - Madonna finds George W.'s
language more objectionable than Eminem's lyrics.

TYPE: People in the news column

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              698 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                            February 14, 2014 Friday

Lawsuit challenges anti-gay marriage law

SECTION: NEWS; World

LENGTH: 619 words


MONTGOMERY, Alabama (AP) A gay man whose partner was killed in a car accident
has filed a federal lawsuit challenging Alabama laws that bar the recognition of
his marriage, which took place in Massachusetts.

The lawsuit, filed in Montgomery federal court, seeks to force Alabama to
recognize same-sex marriages performed in states that allow them. Lawyers said
the bans are unconstitutional and treat Alabama gays and lesbians as
second-class citizens.

"The sanctity laws silence and demean lesbian and gay Alabamians by sending a
clear message: You are less than other citizens and your relationships mean
nothing here," said Samuel E. Wolfe, a lawyer with the Southern Poverty Law
Center, which is representing the plaintiff.

Notice of the lawsuit was delivered to Alabama"s governor and attorney general
Thursday, Wolfe said.

The suit coming just one day after a federal judge in Kentucky struck down that
state"s similar ban was initiated by Paul Hard, 55, of Montgomery. Hard says he
was treated cruelly after the death of his husband, David Fancher, virtually
ignored at the Alabama hospital where Fancher was taken after the accident.

Hard said he is also fighting to be considered as the surviving spouse in
ongoing litigation over Fancher"s death.

Fancher, 53, died within moments of the crash, but Hard said hospital staff
refused to give him any information about his condition because the two weren"t
considered legally related. An orderly later passed on the news that Fancher had
died, Hard said.

The pain was compounded when the death certificate listed Fancher as never
married. Hard said he futilely begged to have that changed.

"If I can let people know how this law unjustly and cruelly affects people, I
will do it. Ultimately, I hope these laws are overturned so it no longer gives
folks permission to treat Americans as second-class citizens," Hard said.

The Alabama Legislature in 1998 approved the Defense of Marriage Act that said
Alabama would not recognize same-sex unions. Alabamians in 2006 voted to put a
similar ban in the state constitution.

That vote proved that the state"s residents believe "marriage in our state
exists only between a man and a woman," said Alabama Speaker of the House Mike
Hubbard in a statement criticizing the lawsuit.

"This lawsuit is part of a coordinated liberal agenda that is designed to erode
the conservative Alabama values that the citizens of our state hold close to
their hearts," Hubbard said.

The lawsuit is the latest in a string challenging gay marriage bans in socially
conservative states.

In addition to Kentucky, federal judges in Utah and Oklahoma also recently that
struck down gay marriage bans in those states. A case is also awaiting a federal
judge"s decision in Virginia

Couples in Louisiana and Missouri filed similar challenges this week.

Southern Poverty Law Center David Dinielli said the lawsuit relies on the
precedent set by the case that overturned the federal Defense of Marriage Act.
He said he hopes the case will continue a trend of federal judges finding the
state bans unconstitutional.

Like recent challenges in other states, the lawsuit asserts that the Alabama
laws violate the Equal Protection Clause of the U.S. Constitution by treating
gays and lesbians differently than heterosexual couples.

Dinielli said the lawsuit was filed in Montgomery federal court because Fancher
and Hard both lived in the city and that Alabama Gov. Robert Bentley and
Attorney General Luther Strange are defendants in the case.

Strange"s office said it had no comment. Jennifer Ardis, Bentley"s
communications director, said the governor believes in the "traditional
definition of marriage as being between a man and a woman" and would fight the
lawsuit.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              699 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      April 23, 2015 Thursday 7:28 PM GMT

Michael Brown parents sue city of Ferguson in wrongful death lawsuit;
Family brings civil lawsuit seeking financial damages and court order against
racially biased policing over shooting death of 18-year-old in August

BYLINE: Jon Swaine in New York

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 595 words


The parents of Michael Brown on Thursday sued the city of Ferguson, Missouri,
and the police officer who killed their son, in a wrongful death lawsuit seeking
financial damages and a court order against racially biased policing.

Related: Michael Brown's family sues city of Ferguson - read the full lawsuit

Michael Brown Sr and Lesley McSpadden alleged that police officer Darren Wilson
"unjustifiably shot and killed" the unarmed 18-year-old "using an unnecessary
and unreasonable amount of force in violation of [his] constitutionally
guaranteed right to life."

Brown Sr and McSpadden requested more than $75,000 in compensation, punitive
damages and a compliance monitor to oversee the use of force by all police
officers in the St Louis suburb, where intense protests flared following their
son's death last August.

They also sought an order permanently banning the use of policing tactics by the
city that "demean, disregard, or under serve its African American population".

The lawsuit, which also names the former Ferguson police chief Thomas Jackson as
a defendant, was filed at the circuit court for St Louis County, according to a
statement from the family's attorneys.

Jackson and the city are accused of sharing responsibility for Brown's wrongful
death by hiring Wilson, training him and keeping him working.

The civil action is likely to be the Brown family's final opportunity to hold
authorities responsible for the death of their son. It follows decisions by
state and federal authorities not to bring criminal charges against Wilson, the
former Ferguson police officer who killed Brown last year, prompting protests
and clashes between demonstrators and police.

Brown was shot dead by Wilson, who is white, on 9 August after a struggle that
followed the officer stopping Brown and a friend for jaywalking in a residential
side street.

Demonstrations that broke out on the streets of Ferguson over perceived police
brutality were met with a crackdown by riot police who shot teargas and rubber
bullets into the crowds.

The death was a flashpoint, reviving a national debate over the police's use of
force, particularly against African Americans. It led to protests over other
fatal encounters with law enforcement from California to New York.

Wilson testified that he fired repeatedly at Brown when the 18-year-old turned
and charged at him after fleeing a scuffle at the officer's patrol car. Some
witnesses told police that Brown was surrendering with his hands up when he was
shot. But this account was ultimately rejected by a grand jury in St Louis and
civil rights officials in the US Department of Justice.

After declining to prosecute Wilson on civil rights charges, Justice Department
officials published a scathing report on the criminal justice system of
Ferguson, in which the city was accused of systematically mistreating the
African Americans who make up more than two-thirds of its population. The report
detailed racist emails exchanged by city officials and found the city's judge
and court clerk were fixing traffic tickets for colleagues and friends while
inflicting a punishing regime on low-income residents.

The judge and court clerk were among a series of senior city employees to lose
their jobs following the publication of the report. The city manager and two
senior police officers were also removed.

Justice Department officials are now negotiating a so-called "consent decree"
with Ferguson city leaders, which will require the city to make a series of
reforms to the criminal justice system or face being sued by the federal
government.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              700 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             April 25, 2011 Monday

San Jose Sharks eliminate Los Angeles Kings

BYLINE: By David Pollak dpollak@mercurynews.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Breaking; News; Hockey

LENGTH: 719 words


LOS ANGELES -- Maybe it was a lucky bounce.

But the puck found its way to the blade of Joe Thornton's stick just outside the
crease at 2:22 of overtime Monday night and now the Sharks are moving on to the
second round of the Stanley Cup playoffs.

Thornton's nifty spin move to the half of the net unoccupied by Los Angeles
Kings goalie Jonathan Quick gave the Sharks a 4-3 victory that clinched their
best-of-seven series in six games, with three of San Jose's four wins coming in
overtime.

"The puck kind of popped out," said the Sharks captain. "I was in front of the
net and just grabbed it and put it in the open net. It was a pretty good play,
whoever shot the puck. I was just in the right place at the right time."

For Thornton, who for years has listened to critics demean his postseason play,
it was the first overtime playoff winner of his career. But he was in position
for the Hollywood-like heroics only because the Sharks survived a five-minute
charging penalty to fourth-liner Jamie McGinn that straddled the line between
the end of regulation and the start of overtime.

"Once we killed that off, we thought we had a good chance here," Thornton said.
"We thought we'd get the momentum after doing that, and we did."

Goals by Kyle Wellwood, Jason Demers and Dany Heatley gave San Jose a one-goal
lead three times during regulation, but each time the Kings tied the score on
goals by Justin Williams, Ryan Smyth and Trevor Lewis.

The game was also a bounce-back challenge for Sharks goalie Antti Niemi, who was
yanked after giving up three goals on the first four shots he faced in Saturday
night's 3-1 Los Angeles victory. And though Niemi did give up rebounds that led
to two goals against him, coach Todd McLellan was pleased with the way his
goaltender responded.

"The most pressure was probably on the goaltender, and I thought he played
extremely well," McLellan said. "We got him the first period he needed to feel
comfortable and get going again."

Neither team scored in the opening 20 minutes, but the Sharks dominated,
peppering Quick -- whose 51-save performance kept the Sharks from any comeback
bid in Game 5 -- with 16 shots while Niemi faced only five.

The Sharks finally were rewarded at 2:58 of the second period, and it was
Wellwood's persistence that paid off. After hitting a post and missing a
backhand in quick succession, the Sharks forward took a pass from Thornton and
beat Quick high on the glove side.

The Kings offense did come alive at 13:27 on Williams' goal with Thornton in the
penalty box for four minutes for a high-sticking cut on forward Brad
Richardson's face.

San Jose regained the lead at 16:52 of the second period, when Joe Pavelski
threaded a pass to Demers as he streaked down the left side, and his 36-foot
wrist shot beat Quick. But that 2-1 advantage lasted only until 18 seconds into
a wild third period when Smyth outmaneuvered Dan Boyle for a rebound and punched
the puck in from the slot to even things up again.

The Sharks jumped ahead 3-2 at 8:48 of the final period when Heatley fished the
puck out of Richardson's skates, then blasted a shot past Quick from the left
faceoff circle for an unassisted goal.

But the Kings' power play wasn't finished.

The Sharks had killed all but the final four seconds of an interference penalty
to Demers, but at that point a blocked shot went directly to Lewis, and he sent
it into the San Jose net at 11:39.

McGinn earned both a five-minute major and a game misconduct for a hit on
Richardson at 16:37, but Niemi stopped four shots in regulation, enabling
Thornton to score on the only shot taken in overtime.

Devin Setoguchi fired the puck from the left point only to see it carom off
Patrick Marleau's stick and skate to Thornton.

By avoiding a seventh game, the Sharks pick up an extra two days to rest and
prepare for either the Chicago Blackhawks or Detroit Red Wings in the second
round.

That extra time, McLellan and his player agreed, was huge.

"It's a marathon," the coach said of the postseason. "It's really the time of
year where you need to manage your gas tanks a little bit. Not having to go back
and play that seventh game is very valuable to us."

The Sharks announced after the game that tickets for the first two games of
Round 2 will go on sale at 10 a.m. Tuesday at the standard outlets with the
usual restrictions.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sharks Joe Thornton (19) scores the winning goal against Los Angeles
Kings in overtime in Game 6 of the Western Conference Quarterfinals at the
Staples Center in Los Angeles, Calif. on Monday, April 25, 2011. (Josie Lepe/San
Jose Mercury News)
San Jose Sharks Joe Thornton (19) celebrates his game winning goal with San Jose
Sharks Niclas Wallin (7) and teammates in the overtime period against the Los
Angeles Kings to make the score 4-3 in Game 6 of the Western Conference
Quarterfinals at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, Calif. on Monday, April 25,
2011. (Nhat V. Meyer/Mercury News)
Sharks Joe Thornton (19) celebrates he winning 4-3 goal against Los Angeles
Kings in overtime in Game 6 of the Western Conference Quarterfinals at the
Staples Center in Los Angeles, Calif. on Monday, April 25, 2011. (Josie Lepe/San
Jose Mercury News)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              701 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 20, 2011 Sunday

Bob Seger's a star, but he's a good guy too

BYLINE: Rod Lockwood, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 1277 words


March 20--Consider this about Bob Seger. You can spend as much time as you want
digging around in his background online, talking to people about his shows, and
reading articles about him, and there's one thing you never turn up:

Bob Seger acting like a jerk. Here's a story from Ken Settle that suc-cinctly
sums up how Seger's demean-or goes a long way toward burnishing his reputation
as a no-nonsense heartland rocker.

Settle, a Detroit-area music photographer, was an 11-year-old fan back in the
early '70s, and with a little grunt work he got a hold of Seger's phone number.
Then a regional star who wasn't recognized much outside the Detroit-Ohio area,
Seger took the call and listened to the kid's request that the musician give him
his blessing to start a fan club.

Settle laughed when he remembered Seger's response: "He said, 'Well, I'm not
really comfortable with the idea of fan clubs. They don't have fan clubs for
auto workers, do they?'"

That attitude, along with an impressive track record of writing songs that seem
to sum up the concerns of working men and women, helps explain Seger's
popularity in this area. His concerts at Huntington Center Saturday and March 31
sold out in minutes, which isn't surprising given that all his shows in this
area have sold out since the mid-'70s.

An additional 250 tickets to the upcoming Toledo concerts were released
Wednesday.

After a decade of playing grungy bars in southeast Michigan and northwest Ohio,
Seger became a bona fide star in 1976 with the release of the "Night Moves"
album. But for folks who saw him come of age grinding it out with hundreds of
shows a year, recording albums that contained some great songs like "Katmandu,"
"Beautiful Loser," "Turn the Page," "Old Time Rock and Roll," and "Ramblin'
Gamblin' Man," he's always seemed like one of them.

"I think his lyrics really speak to the common man, so to speak, and the
frustrations that they go through," Settle said. "I think his view of these
things, because he came from that background, allows him to write from a much
more genuine place than other writers."

Seger has long been compared to Bruce Springsteen and there are definite
parallels in their music and early careers. Both started playing when they were
just teenagers and both were the ultimate grinders, playing live constantly
while stubbornly insisting on writing their own songs no matter how well they
did commercially.

Growing up in Ann Arbor, Seger, now 65, was part of a fertile Detroit-area music
scene that included Iggy and the Stooges, Ted Nugent, the MC5, Grand Funk
Railroad, Mitch Ryder, and countless other bands that put a premium on
high-octane shows. Transitioning from a rhythm guitarist to front-man, Seger's
first album was "Ramblin' Gamblin' Man" in 1968.

He released an album a year for the next seven years (for an excellent series of
reviews of those works check out Stephen Thomas Erlewine's work at
www.allmusic.com), culminating in the polished, Muscle Shoals-influenced
breakthrough of "Beautiful Loser" in 1975. Seger evolved from a bar-band hard
rocker into a full-fledged singer/songwriter over that period, but not before
playing hundreds of shows in this area and Detroit, scoring regional hits, and
building a reputation as an exceptional live performer with the Silver Bullet
Band.

"It was interesting because in some ways for the people that were going to see
him it was like seeing the Beatles because they were such fans," said Settle,
who photographed him frequently in the Detroit area and said it wasn't unusual
to find Seger sitting at the bar where he was playing. "It was a unique
combination of somebody who was really well-regarded, yet accessible."

John Rockwood, a Toledo area rock journalist and photographer, said he met Seger
about a half dozen times and also photographed him. (One of Rockwood's pictures
is used on a Seger concert T-shirt available at bobseger.com.) He described him
as a "down-to-earth guy, really nice guy. He was local, gritty, bluesy."

The rest of the country discovered Seger in 1976 with the combination of "Live
Bullet" and "Night Moves," each of which sold 5 million copies. The double-live
album effectively served as a career retrospective, turning people on to songs
like "Ramblin' Gamblin' Man," "Heavy Music," and "U.M.C." that previously were
not on the rock radio radar. It also captured the quintessential ode to the road
ballad, "Turn the Page."

From that point on, Seger rode out the '70s and early '80s as a star in the same
commercial stratosphere as acts like the Eagles and Tom Petty and the
Heartbreakers, selling millions of albums on the strength of radio hits that
included "Against the Wind," "Feel Like a Number," "You'll Accompany Me," and
"Fire Lake."

Despite the success, his image never varied. He wasn't the subject of any
scandals and it wasn't his style to deliver long rambling interviews to
magazines like Rolling Stone. His relatively low-key image was a harbinger of
things to come.

"I'm really a private person," he told a reporter in 1978. "I can't do a million
radio interviews and record store appearances. Well, wait. I tried a record
store appearance once, and it was just terrible. I'm just kind of shy that way."

But he was still massively popular, especially in Toledo. More than 40,000 fans
signed petitions in 1982 to get Seger to play at the Speedway Jam, which he
honored the next year, showing up on a blistering hot day wearing a pair of
short shorts, long tube socks, and a Hawaiian shirt in a look that screams, "I
am not a rock star."

As the '80s wore on, Seger, a noted perfectionist, recorded less and less and
toured even more infrequently. He took a couple of years off after the release
of "Like a Rock" in 1986 to take care of his ailing mother, who passed away.
From that point on, he has only released three albums -- "The Fire Inside"
(1991), "It's A Mystery" (1995), and "Face the Promise" (2006) -- and rarely
toured.

His last show in Toledo was in 1996 and he skipped the city on the "Face the
Promise" tour a few years ago. He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of
Fame in 2004.

During his absence, he raised a pair of sons who are now in their teens, raced
yachts in Michigan, and was spotted frequently at Detroit Tigers or Pistons
games, his trademark beard now gray. It's a testament to the staying power of
his music that his popularity has never waned among his core audience of people
who came of age in the '70s and '80s.

When Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band played Detroit in 2009, Springsteen
launched into a raucous, garage band version of "Ramblin' Gamblin' Man" that
caused the Palace of Auburn Hills to erupt and raised more than a few goose
bumps as the Boss paid one of his peers the ultimate tribute.

And earlier this year at Kid Rock's show in Toledo, "Turn the Page" came on the
house PA shortly before Rock took the stage and the place exploded in cheers.

Seger's stubborn refusal to follow any trends has served him well.

The shows at the Huntington Center Saturday and March 31 start at 7:30 p.m. The
$72 tickets are sold out but 250 tickets priced at $225 to $250 were released
last week, available at Ticketmaster outlets, www.ticketmaster.com, the
Huntington Center box office, 500 Jefferson Ave., and by calling 800-745-3000.

Contact Rod Lockwood at rlockwood@theblade.com or 419-724-6159.

To see more of The Blade, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.toledoblade.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110320-TO-Bob-Seger-s-a-star-but-he-s-a-good-guy-too-0320-20110320

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2011 The Blade


                              702 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                             October 9, 2016 Sunday
                                  Home Edition

GOP IN TURMOIL;
REPUBLICAN VOICES

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; National Desk; Part A; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 155 words


'For the first time since I became a citizen in 1983, I will not vote for the
Republican candidate for president.'

-- Arnold Schwarzenegger, former California governor

--

'Nothing that has happened in the last 48 hours is surprising to me or many
others.'

-- John Kasich, Ohio governor

--

'Hitting on married women? Condoning assault? Such vile degradations demean our
wives and daughters and corrupt America's face to the world.'

-- Mitt Romney, 2012 presidential nominee

--

'My wife, Julie, and I, we've got a 15-year-old daughter. You think I can look
her in the eye and tell her that I endorse Donald Trump for president when he
acts like this?'

-- Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah)

--

'I cannot and will not support Donald Trump for president. He has forfeited the
right to be our party's nominee.'

-- Sen. Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska)

--

'Enough! Donald Trump should not be president. He should withdraw.'

-- Condoleezza Rice, former Secretary of State

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              703 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                              July 10, 2016 Sunday
                                  Mars Edition

Will they learn from losers in veepstakes?

BYLINE: Jack Colwell

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. C7

LENGTH: 636 words


Focus now is on the veepstakes, that quadrennial guessing game. Analysts try to
guess running mates to be chosen by the presidential nominees. And the nominees
try to guess right on their selections.

Stakes in the veepstakes are high for the presidential nominees. So, you would
think that they would learn from past mistakes. Maybe they will this time. Or
maybe there will be another unqualified Sarah Palin or a slimy John Edwards put
forward as an ideal choice to be a heartbeat away from becoming leader of the
free world.

Mistakes often are made when a presidential nominee decides to pull a surprise,
to pick someone not in the speculation and then to keep it secret until finally
at the last minute telling the nation.

Two examples of the dangers in that Surprise! game are Palin and Dan Quayle. For
different reasons. Far different.

Quayle actually was three times more qualified than Palin. Wait! I don't want to
demean Dan, someone I've long known. Make that 10 times more qualified than
Palin.

Palin certainly was a surprise. John McCain, desperate to shake things up, made
a hasty decision to pick Palin, then a little known governor of Alaska. McCain
was among those knowing little about her. At the start, it looked as though he
guessed right. Palin did well with personality and elocution in reading her
initial speeches. But then she had to answer questions off script and became a
laughingstock -- good for "Saturday Night Live," not for McCain.

Now, the Quayle mistake. George H.W. Bush, the Republican presidential nominee
in 1988, decided to play Surprise! He kept his choice of Quayle for vice
president secret even beyond the start of the Republican National Convention in
New Orleans, seeking to startle all the analysts and the voters, too, with an
unexpected choice. He even kept it a secret from Quayle, then a senator from
Indiana who was not known nationally.

Finally, on the second day of the convention, Quayle got the call from Bush just
90 minutes before he needed to appear at a New Orleans riverfront site for the
announcement that he was the chosen one.

Quayle, when he reached the site, had to fight his way through the crowd of
50,000 in the sweltering New Orleans heat. He told folks who didn't want to get
out of his way that he was Senator Quayle and he really needed to reach the
platform.

"They didn't care," Quayle recalled. "They said they were there to find out who
the next vice president would be. And I couldn't tell them it was me."

Quayle, out of breath -- and with no preparation on what to say -- shouted a
slogan or two and was introduced to the nation with what came to be described as
a deer-in-the-headlights appearance. Nor was he prepared for a round of network
TV interviews and meetings with reporters.

While Bush successfully played his little game of keeping his choice secret, he
did no favors for Quayle, who never really shook that initial and unfair image
of a lightweight. The Bush-Quayle ticket won, not due to any boost from Quayle.
At the top of the ticket, Bush clobbered the hapless Michael Dukakis.

Voters decide ultimately on their evaluation of the nominees at the top of the
ticket. Their selection of running mates, however, is part of the evaluation.
Voters want a vice president qualified to serve if thrust into the Oval Office
by tragedy.

Presidential nominees should want that, too.

They don't need to find an attack dog like Vice President Spiro Agnew, who also
was a crook forced to resign. They don't need to rush ahead supposedly to
balance the ticket with a Thomas Eagleton, bounced from the ticket due to
questions of his mental balance that were not found in a quickie background
check. They certainly don't need to play Surprise!

Jack Colwell is a columnist for The Tribune. Write to him in care of The Tribune
or by email at jcolwell@comcast.net

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              704 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                        May 3, 2016 Tuesday 12:59 AM GMT

Trump polling over Cruz in Indiana as Sanders vows to fight - campaign live;
Staff fights for dignity in Trump's Vegas hotel: 'You don't talk to the
boss'Bernie Sanders vows a contested convention despite 'tough road' aheadCruz
rails against Trump-Clinton 'cartel' in final push ahead of
IndianaVIDEO:'Indiana don't want you!': Cruz fails to win over Trump fans

BYLINE: Scott Bixby (now) and Tom McCarthy (earlier)

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 5613 words


block-time published-time 12.59am BST

This does not bode well.

enltrCruz election eve rally in Indianapolis is...not full
pic.twitter.com/i3YNfQDRLK

- Rosie Gray (@RosieGray) May 2, 2016

block-time published-time 12.45am BST

Political commentator and professional opinion-haver Bill Kristol has been one
of the loudest voices of the #NeverTrump movement - although in an interview on
Newsmax, Kristol indicated that "never" basically means "¯\_(?)_/¯."

When host Steve Malzberg asked Kristol whether there was anything that the
billionaire Republican frontrunner could do to earn his support, Kristol said
that Trump's character deficits were almost too high a barrier to clear.

"It's more of a matter of character, and I don't know that you can change your
character at age 69," Kristol said. "And given the things he's said, even very
recently, about other people, the way he demeans other people."

That all being said...

"I mean, I guess never say never," he continued. "On the one hand, I'll say
#NeverTrump, and on the other hand, I'll say, 'never say never.'"

block-time published-time 12.23am BST

Conservative talk-radio host and would-be media titan Glenn Beck - remember him?
- has called on his supporters to join him "for a day of prayers, fasting and
humility" for Texas senator Ted Cruz ahead of the Indiana Republican primary
tomorrow.

In a long and meandering Facebook post, the onetime Fox News host asks his fans,
"beginning Monday night and running for 24 hours ending on Tuesday will you pray
and if possible fast like you have never done before?" (All sic.)

"Join me and my family in praying and fasting for our nation and our God to look
down and forgive us of our misguided ways," Beck continues in the post, with a
sample prayer one might use in asking the almighty for guidance ahead of the
nomination contest:

"Help us Lord to return to you and have the bravery to do the hard thing - to
Trust in You and to do our part by standing firm in the eternal truths that Got
us here in the first place."

Cruz currently lags behind billionaire frontrunner Donald Trump in every major
poll of the Hoosier State. On top of that, the Texas senator was today heckled
by a child, quizzed about his birthplace and faced questions over whether he's a
serial killer.

block-time published-time 12.11am BST

'America is a better country without you': Ted Cruz's very bad day

The Texas senator was heckled by a child, quizzed about his birthplace and faced
questions over whether he's a serial killer, reports the Guardian's  Alan Yuhas
- all while polling behind in Indiana.

Politicians who run for president are used to scorn, mockery and a healthy
skepticism from the American people. But few have been heckled by a 12-year-old,
questioned about their Canadian birth, or had their spouse field questions about
their resemblance to a serial killer. All in one day.

Ted Cruz suffered all this and more on Monday in Indiana, a state where he
desperately needs to do well if he wants to preserve any hope of winning the
Republican nomination for president. Simple arithmetic eliminated Cruz from an
outright victory two weeks ago, but he has clung to the possibility that he
could deny Donald Trump the 1,237 delegates a candidate needs to win the primary
election.

The trouble started with a 12-year-old in La Porte, Indiana. At a rally there, a
boy shouted "You suck!" and "Shut up!" during Cruz's stump speech, thwarting the
senator's attempts to turn the pubescent heckler into a talking point.

"You know, one of the things that hopefully someone has told you is that
children should speak with respect," Cruz said. "Imagine what a different world
it would be if someone had told Donald Trump that, years ago."

Eventually he gave up, saying: "In my household, when a child behaves that way
they get a spanking."

Related:  'America is a better country without you': Ted Cruz's very bad day

block-time published-time 11.54pm BST

Donald Trump is picking up all the Indiana sports endorsements today.

Former Purdue basketball coach Gene Keady speaks before a rally for Donald
Trump. Photograph: Michael Conroy/AP

Before his event in Carmel, Indiana, longtime Purdue basketball coach Gene Keady
endorsed Trump. Keady, who coached the Boilermakers for 25 years, said "I
listened to his foreign policy speech the other day and he just won himself the
presidency." The college basketball coach is also famous (or perhaps infamous)
for his now-late combover, which bore certain similarities to Trump's coiffure.

The endorsement at the rally was paired with an online endorsement offered
former Notre Dame football coach Lou Holtz, who said "the main reason I am
endorsing him is I've played his golf course, I've stayed in his hotels. He does
nothing but first class in everything. He wants this country to be first class
as well."

The two coaches, along with legendary Indiana basketball coach Bobby Knight,
give Trump a trifecta of endorsements from each of Indiana's three major
universities. Trump though added to his celebrity glitter, throwing in an
endorsement from former pro football player and actor Fred Williamson.

Williamson, nicknamed "the Hammer" for his hard hits as a safety for the Oakland
Raiders and Kansas City Chiefs, was praised by Trump, "I love people that hit
hard." The newly minted Trump endorser, a native of Gary, Indiana, also had
extensive acting career. He starred in the blaxploitation classic Black Caesar
and also appearing films ranging from M.A.S.H. to From Dusk Till Dawn.

block-time published-time 11.38pm BST

Donald Trump's nickname for "Lyin'" Ted Cruz sometimes feels like it's straight
out of a schoolyard. Now, the Texas senator is hitting back on the billionaire
Republican frontrunner with an ad that responds: "I know you are, but what am
I?"

In the ad, titled Lying, a narrator tells voters that "Donald Trump is lying
about Ted Cruz," touting his opposition to trade deals and his
against-it-after-he-was-for-it undermining of the Gang of Eight immigration bill
while Trump donated to politicians of whom the gang was composed.

"Trump also had a $1 million judgment against him for hiring illegals," the
narrator states, referring to a 1980 lawsuit in which a contractor hired
undocumented Polish workers to build his eponymous Midtown Manhattan corporate
headquarters. ( Sidenote:  Although the lawsuit aimed for a $1 million
settlement, the presiding judge ordered Trump to pay considerably less, and the
case was eventually settled out of court for an undisclosed amount.)

"Trump still brings in hundreds of foreign workers to replace Americans," the ad
states, referring to a New York Times article that pointed out the high number
of legal-status foreign workers at his Mar-a-Lago club in Palm Beach, Florida.

"What a phony."

block-time published-time 11.16pm BST

It was bound to happen.

Brooklyn-accented Vermont senator and Democratic presidential candidate Bernie
Sanders has been played by Seinfeld co-creator Larry David on Saturday Night
Live for months, but for the first time, Sanders has been edited into the cast
of the hit "show about nothing."

The supercut pastes Sanders' head onto the body of George Costanza, the neurotic
best friend of the eponymous Jerry Seinfeld character, whose jeremiads about the
state of inequality are met with eyerolls and skepticism by the rest of the
gang.

block-time published-time 10.58pm BST

For planning purposes:

enltrWill be interviewed on @seanhannity tonight at 10pmE. Enjoy! #INPrimary

- Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 2, 2016

block-time published-time 10.56pm BST

Donald Trump has readily signaled his willingness to inject Bill Clinton's
sexual pecadillos into the 2016 presidential campaign, telling NBC in December
that the former president might be likened to a sexual predator.

Donald Trump, who was for Bill Clinton before he was against him. Photograph:
Kamil Krzaczynski/Reuters

"There certainly was a lot of abuse of women, you look at whether it's Monica
Lewinsky or Paula Jones, or any of them, and that certainly will be fair game,"
Trump said at the time.

But comments unearthed by the Daily Beast show that at the height of the
national controversy over the then-president's affair with a White House intern,
Trump was singing a different tune: the ballad of a "victim" injured by a cast
of "unattractive" women.

"The whole thing, it's just so unattractive," Trump told Fox News host Neil
Cavuto at the time. "Linda Tripp maybe one of the most unattractive human beings
I've ever seen - not women, human beings. She's just an unattractive person.
This [Lucianne] Goldberg person, her agent or whatever she is, is just a
terrible woman. You look at Paula Jones, I mean the whole cast of characters."

"It's like it's from Hell," he continued. "It's a terrible group of people."

Trump then went on, telling Cavuto that while he didn't "necessarily agree with
[Clinton's] victims," that Clinton was "really a victim himself. But he put
himself in that position."

block-time published-time 10.22pm BST

The White House has faced tough questioning over comedian Larry Wilmore's use of
a taboo racial slur at its annual correspondents dinner.

Press secretary Josh Earnest was challenged repeatedly by April Ryan, an African
American journalist and author of The Presidency in Black and White, who
suggested that many people in the room were "appalled" by the N-word being
uttered to the president's face. Earnest said that Barack Obama appreciated "the
spirit" of Wilmore's remark.

Larry Wilmore speaks during the White House Correspondents' Association annual
dinner. Photograph: Pool/Getty Images

Wilmore, who is African American, ended his after-dinner speech on Saturday by
recognising the historical significance of America's first black president,
pounding his chest and telling Obama: "Words alone do me no justice. So, Mr
President, if I'm going to keep it 100: yo, Barry, you did it, my nigga."

The comment immediately divided people both in the room and beyond. Jonathan
Capehart of the Washington Post blogged : "Never before has the n-word been used
to address the president. At least, not in public and most definitely not to his
face. That's why Wilmore's use of it was as shocking as it was disrespectful."

At today's daily press briefing at the White House, the issue was raised by
Ryan, Washington bureau chief for American Urban Radio Networks. She described
it as "a word that is one of the worst words, many people say, you could say to
anyone".

Earnest did not address this directly but noted that following Obama's act at
the annual dinner is "one of the most difficult tasks in comedy", since the
president has shown himself "adept" at delivering one-liners and so expects
comedians to go "right up to the line".

But Ryan pressed further: "Many African Americans in that room - who included
civil rights leaders, black comedians - were very appalled... Black Republicans
were upset, black Democrats were upset. People felt that not just throwing it at
him, he threw it at them, and also, it diminished the office of the presidency
and it diminished him. Did he cross the line?"

Earnest responded: "April, what I would say is it's not the first time that
people on the Monday after the White House correspondents dinner have observed
that the comedian on Saturday night crossed the line."

Related:  White House ducks questions on Larry Wilmore's use of N-word to greet
Obama

block-time published-time 9.54pm BST

Ted Cruz's hail Mary pass in picking a former California senate candidate as his
potential running mate isn't making the splash he was likely hoping for in the
Golden State.

A new poll conducted by SurveyUSA shows that in California, billionaire
Republican frontrunner is currently leading the Republican field with the
support of 54% of registered Republican voters, while Cruz trails with 20%. Ohio
governor John Kasich is currently at the bottom of the three-man dogpile with
the support of a mere 16% of California Republicans.

As for the Democrats, former secretary of state Hillary Clinton currently leads
among registered Democrats with 57%, with Vermont senator Bernie Sanders nearly
20 points behind at 38%.

block-time published-time 9.39pm BST

At an event in Indiana, billionaire Republican frontrunner Donald Trump is
making a bit of a hash over Carly Fiorina falling off a stage in the Hoosier
State on Sunday.

"Carly's perfectly nice - she fell off the stage the other day and Cruz didn't
do anything. Even I would have helped her!" Trump said.

"That was a weird deal."

block-time published-time 8.52pm BST

Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton spoke to coal miners in
Kentucky earlier today, and Kentucky senator Rand Paul is not happy about it:

enltrHey @HillaryClinton I think it's just about time you apologize to everyone
in Kentucky. https://t.co/iBvDx1Bto6

- Dr. Rand Paul (@RandPaul) May 2, 2016

block-time published-time 8.39pm BST

Vermont senator and Democratic presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders is pushing
the results of a recent poll out of Indiana that shows him within the margin of
error of upsetting frontrunner Hillary Clinton's lead in the race for tomorrow's
primary.

Bernie Sanders isn't giving up on the Hoosier State. Photograph: Olivier
Douliery/AFP/Getty Images

"We intend to fight for every vote and delegate remaining, starting with
tomorrow night's primary in Indiana where recent polling shows us well with the
margin of error," a email from the campaign tells supporters, citing an NBC poll
that shows Sanders trailing Clinton by four percentage points in the Hoosier
State.

Calling the race to win a majority of pledged delegates ahead of the convention
"admittedly a tough hill to climb," Sanders' campaign tells supporters that
"winning Indiana tomorrow night would not only cut into Secretary Clinton's
lead, but it would send a powerful message to the political establishment and
corporate media who just want this race to end so they can get on with the
ratings and fundraising bonanza that would be a Clinton v. Trump general
election.

After asking for donations to help this upset occur, Sanders' campaign makes an
interesting argument about its ability to keep Clinton from clinching a
pledged-delegate majority (although, perhaps, not a highly accurate one ):

Let's be clear. It is virtually impossible for Secretary Clinton to win all of
the pledged delegates she needs to capture the nomination without the help of
superdelegates at the convention. That means every vote we receive, every
delegate we win between now and July strengthens our hand as we get to a
contested convention.

We'll see if this Rudy-like gumption pays off.

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 8.40pm BST

block-time published-time 7.37pm BST

Trump fan to Cruz: 'Indiana don't want you'

CBS News has captured footage of the standoff between Ted Cruz and a Trump
supporter in Indiana. Cruz wades right in and tries to talk him out of his
position, to jeers of "Lyin' Ted!".

Update: here's the footage:

'Indiana don't want you!': Ted Cruz fails to win over Trump fans

Democracy in action. Watch it here. More to come.

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 8.06pm BST

block-time published-time 7.16pm BST

Heidi Cruz unbothered by rumors husband is Zodiac Killer

Yahoo News' Hunter Walker has asked Heidi Cruz to comment on comedian Larry
Wilmore's string of jokes at the White House correspondents' dinner at her
husband's expense. Wilmore referred repeatedly to the good-times Internet habit
of pretending that Ted Cruz is the Zodiac Killer, the mysterious and uncaptured
serial murderer in California from the 1960s and 1970s.

"Well, I've been married to him for 15 years and I know pretty well who he is,
so it doesn't bother me at all. There's a lot of garbage out there," Heidi Cruz
said.

But Cruz's using a bleakly tinted filter to tweet a picture of himself and
Indiana governor Mike Pence Monday with CNN anchor Dana Bash stoked the rumors
anew:

enltrGreat speaking with @DanaBashCNN alongside Gov. @mike_pence this afternoon!
#ChooseCruz : https://t.co/uyE3WEApzopic.twitter.com/tkbSinisnR

- Ted Cruz (@tedcruz) May 2, 2016

enltrThis filter is very Zodiac Killer to me https://t.co/fUn51FAGVI

- Kendall Breitman (@KendallBreitman) May 2, 2016

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 10.56pm BST

block-time published-time 7.06pm BST

Here a serious play at the game of lowering expectations, from the husband of a
certain top Hillary Clinton aide:

enltrI would not be at all surprised if Bernie wins Indiana. Many dems want to
give a hat tip to him so long as HRC still wins.

- Anthony Weiner (@anthonyweiner) May 2, 2016

There hasn't been a lot of polling in the Indiana race. Averages appear to show
Clinton up in the race by about 7 points. But she was supposedly ahead in
Michigan, too.

block-time published-time 6.53pm BST

New Hampshire cancels move seen as curtailing Trump support

An attempt by the New Hampshire Republican party to limit Donald Trump's
influence in a potential contested convention was halted Monday, when the state
chair canceled a controversial online vote for positions on crucial committees
just minutes after the voting deadline, writes Guardian politics reporter  Ben
Jacobs :

In an email obtained by the Guardian, party chair Jennifer Horn said that
although all 23 of the state's delegates to the Republican National Convention
participated in the vote, she was canceling it "in the interest of full
transparency". Instead, she summoned a delegates-only meeting in Concord on
Friday where those unable to attend could participate via conference call.

Initially, in an email sent out Saturday night, the state party's executive
director proposed a slate for the eight slots on convention committees reserved
for New Hampshire delegates at the Republican gathering in Cleveland in July.
The proposed slate included two supporters apiece of John Kasich, Jeb Bush and
Ted Cruz and one supporter of Marco Rubio. The eighth slot was left vacant.

Trump won overwhelmingly in the Granite State's February primary, with 35% of
the vote. His nearest competitor, John Kasich, only received 15% in what was
then the first primary in the country. Under New Hampshire's relatively
proportional rules, by which any candidate who gets more than 10% of the vote
receives delegates, Trump was awarded 11 of the state's 23 delegates.

Since then, the well-organized Cruz campaign has picked up stray delegates in
other states that Trump won, such as Louisiana, and swept local contests in
Wyoming and Colorado.

Read the full piece here:

Related:  New Hampshire halts controversial vote meant to limit Trump's delegate
support

block-time published-time 6.45pm BST

The Trump campaign has announced that the  candidate will speak at Trump Tower
in Manhattan tomorrow, following the closure of the last polling stations in
Indiana at 6pm central / 7pm eastern.

block-time published-time 6.37pm BST

Ted Cruz is fighting for every last vote in Indiana.

enltrCruz arguing with Trump supporters in Indiana: "Do the math!" "Ok, lyin'
Ted!" "Where's your Goldman Sachs jacket?" pic.twitter.com/0NoI1yHlgk

- Evan McMurry (@evanmcmurry) May 2, 2016

enltr. @tedcruz has extended back-and-forth with Donald Trump supporters who are
shouting "Lyin' Ted" in his face pic.twitter.com/AqPbpWJf5c

- Ben Gittleson (@bgittleson) May 2, 2016

block-time published-time 6.26pm BST

Nominal Ted Cruz running mate Carly Fiorina slipped off a stage  at a Cruz rally
Monday, according to a Hollywood Reporter dispatch. There's no report as yet of
any injury, details to come.

enltrCarly Fiorina falls off stage at Ted Cruz's Indiana event
https://t.co/Hvve1xl6x0pic.twitter.com/yAVcOTyhb9

- Ryan Parker (@TheRyanParker) May 2, 2016

Update: nothing apparently hurt. Video shows that Fiorina was quickly back on
her feet:

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 6.40pm BST

block-time published-time 6.24pm BST

Clinton out-raises Sanders in April

Hillary Clinton raised more money than Bernie Sanders last month for the first
time in 2016, according to end-of-month totals released by the campaigns.

Clinton reported a $26m haul for April, while Sanders reportedly took in $25.8m
- significantly down from his high-water-marks in February and March, when he
took in $43.5m and $44m, respectively.

Sixty-five percent of Sanders' fundraising in the cycle this far has come from
small individual contributions, according to the campaign finance web site Open
Secrets, compared with 19% for Clinton. Clinton has reported receipt of $133m in
large individual contributions, versus $64m for Sanders.

block-time published-time 6.00pm BST

North Carolina voters want transgender discrimination law repealed - poll

Half of registered voters in North Carolina disapprove of a law barring
transgender people access to their preferred bathrooms and nearly as many want
the law repealed, according to a new survey from bipartisan polling firm Red
America, Blue America.

Forty-eight percent of poll respondents said they believed the law, HB2, should
be repealed, while 34% wanted the law to remain in place and 18% were not sure.

The result appeared to hinge on political independents, who disapproved of the
law 52-33. Republicans in the poll largely supported the law, which was signed
by Republican governor Pat McCrory in March, while Democrats opposed it.

Some North Carolinians believe the law has cost the state economically. In
protest of the law, PayPal canceled plans for a facility in Charlotte, North
Carolina, that would have created 500 local jobs, the Charlotte Observer
reported, while "at least 20 conventions and events have dropped plans to come."

"North Carolina did something that was very strong. And they're paying a big
price, there's a lot of problems," Republican presidential candidate Donald
Trump said last month.

McRory, who is in a re-election fight this year, has blamed the Charlotte mayor
for the law, which the legislature signed in a special rush session after the
city of Charlotte passed a local ordinance saying that people could use
bathrooms in line with their gender identities, irrespective of what was on
their birth certificates.

"It's absolutely not personal on my end," McRory told the Observer on Friday.
"We have to correct the record of both your newspaper and national newspapers
... This whole bathroom idea was the political left's idea, not the political
right."

That was a slightly different explanation from the one he gave at the time:

enltrOrdinance defied common sense, allowing men to use women's bathroom/locker
room for instance. That's why I signed bipartisan bill to stop it

- Pat McCrory (@PatMcCroryNC) March 24, 2016

Pollster Brad Anderson of Red America, Blue America said the law may also be
influencing the state's attorney general race, in which the Republican candidate
called on supporters at a rally to "keep our state straight."

"It is a safe bet to say the new HB2 legislation has done the Republican party
no favors in North Carolina," Anderson said. "Independent voters oppose the law
just as strongly as Republicans support it, which could be a problem for
Republicans in November."

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 6.02pm BST

block-time published-time 5.27pm BST

GOP Congressman reserves stance on Trump-Clinton matchup

First billionaire bankroller Charles Koch suggested that it was possible that he
and his brother, David, would support Hillary Clinton over the Republican
nominee.

Now Republican representative David Jolly of Florida, who's running for the US
senate, says he does not know whom he would support in a Clinton-Trump race.

"So, I'm going tell you something you rarely hear in elected official say: I
don't know," Jolly told AM970 The Answer, in an interview flagged by BuzzFeed's
Andrew Kaczynski. "I truly don't know."

Jolly said he called on Trump to drop out of the race after Trump called for a
ban on Muslims.

"I also have strong disagreements with secretary Clinton," Jolly says. "I'm a
Republican, and I hope we can find a conservative leader."

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 5.27pm BST

block-time published-time 5.15pm BST

Campaign bloopers. Although anything looks like a blooper when you loop it over
a  tuba  bassline like that and finish with an air horn.

enltrOh no. OH GOD NO. https://t.co/OG9TerQn8u

- Chris Cillizza (@TheFix) May 2, 2016

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 5.17pm BST

block-time published-time 4.48pm BST

This is a pretty  bracing anti-Trump ad from the senate race in Arkansas. It
accuses Trump of harassment, with selections from the catalogue of odious things
Trump has said about women, including a few less well circulated examples:

enltrSo, how is it that a long-shot Senate candidate in AR produced a more
powerful anti-Trump ad than any GOP rivals? https://t.co/VsC4No7dze ...

- Alec MacGillis (@AlecMacGillis) May 2, 2016

enltrIn fairness, Trump's Republican rivals only had a measly couple of hundred
million dollars to work with https://t.co/mgdzvTHaT4

- David Frum (@davidfrum) May 2, 2016

Update: influential anti-Trump conservative voices think it hits the mark:

enltrWant a preview of the general election campaign for the Senate? Just watch
this new ad. Damn. https://t.co/ewViNfEcIn

- Erick Erickson (@EWErickson) May 2, 2016

enltrDamn, son. https://t.co/aa19I5HfEh

- Rick Wilson (@TheRickWilson) May 2, 2016

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 5.12pm BST

block-time published-time 4.40pm BST

Cruz says 'absolutely' path to victory without Indiana

Ted Cruz needs 672 more delegates to clear 1,237, according to the AP tally.
Unfortunately, there are only 10 Republican contests left - and only 502 pledged
delegates remain to be awarded. So any path Cruz has to the Republican
nomination, barring some truly wild twist, involves Donald Trump failing to
capture a 1,237 delegate majority, unleashing a chaos from which Cruz could
emerge as the nominee.

Cruz said on Monday that he "absolutely" has a path to the nomination if he
loses in Indiana, where the victor is expected to gather 40-some delegates. If
Trump collects such a prize, he would need to grab about 45% of the remaining
pledged delegates to cross the line, very doable for him based on past
performance. (And Trump could get to 1,237 without winning Indiana.)

The path Cruz sees to the nomination after an Indiana loss, in short, remains
well-hidden to everyone else, and would seem to involve a sudden and drastic
shift in momentum in the race of the kind that's difficult to imagine.

enltrWATCH: @TedCruz tells @ABC he "absolutely" has a path to victory if he
loses Indiana primary https://t.co/ei4Ay1gSZ0https://t.co/4kM5zeBk8Z

- ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) May 2, 2016

block-time published-time 4.13pm BST

Both Trump and Clinton historically unpopular

FiveThirtyEight's Harry Enten notes the historic unpopularity, going back to
1988, of both Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, at this stage in the nominating
race.

enltrIf you look @ net very fav ratings, it becomes clear dislike for
Clinton/Trump is historic & not just a time trend. pic.twitter.com/KvZHvzy5ou

- Harry Enten (@ForecasterEnten) May 2, 2016

The figures below reflect the opinions of the public at large. Both Donald Trump
and Ted Cruz are viewed favorably by a majority of Republican voters, according
to polling.

Clinton's favorability among Democrats hit a new low last month, but remained as
high as +36 or 66-30, according to Gallup. Bernie Sanders' net favorability
among Democrats was measured highest of all, at +52.

So the historic un-favorability of the frontrunners this cycle may in part be
attributable to  growing political polarization, in which a smaller share of
partisans on one side are open to seeing the other side's nominee as acceptable.

enltrClinton is historically unpopular at this point... Trump, though, is on
another planet with the general electorate. pic.twitter.com/gaQI0ShWVT

- Harry Enten (@ForecasterEnten) May 1, 2016

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 4.16pm BST

block-time published-time 3.54pm BST

Racing to close the deal in Indiana, Ted Cruz has rolled out a video ad
featuring his endorsement by governor Mike Spence, whom Donald Trump was
actively courting late last month.

But Spence, who signed a law placing new restrictions on abortions in March,
rebuffed Trump's overtures to back Cruz, whom he praises as a "principled
conservative".

"I'm a Reagan conservative," Spence says in the new ad. "I see Ted Cruz as a
principled conservative who's dedicated his career to advocating the Reagan
agenda."

"Pence for Cruz"

block-time published-time 3.46pm BST

Workers fight for dignity in Trump's Las Vegas hotel: 'You don't talk to the
boss'

Maricella Olvera encounters Donald Trump on occasion, but she's careful not to
say a word. The 47-year-old cleans the penthouse at the Trump International
Hotel Las Vegas, where Trump, his family, and celebrity guests often come to
stay. She cleans around them in silence. Trump is always uninterested, report
the Guardian's Oliver Laughland and Mae West :

"The policy is: you don't talk to the boss," she said at her small one-bedroom
home, on the joyously named Sing Song Way in the city's northern suburbs.

While Olvera may be silent at work, she and a collective of cleaners, bar
workers, and kitchen staff at the Trump hotel have been a thorn in the
billionaire's side for the past year, using what voice they have to remind the
public of the hypocrisy that surrounds his audacious run for the presidency and
his record as an employer.

Trump hotel workers in Las Vegas ask billionaire for fair pay

Although Trump has touted himself as " the greatest jobs president that God has
ever created ", these workers point to the fact they are paid on average $3 less
than the thousands of unionised hotel workers in Las Vegas who work identical
jobs and enjoy a host of other benefits, including pensions and free health
insurance, not available to Trump employees.

Earlier this month, following a protracted dispute with Trump and his co-owner,
casino billionaire Phil Ruffin, the National Labor Relations Board officially
certified a union for over 500 staff at the hotel. Workers argue they have been
subjected to surveillance, intimidation, and unlawful dismissal as they have
sought to organize.

Read the full piece here:

Related:  'You don't talk to the boss': in Trump's Las Vegas hotel, workers are
fighting for dignity

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 3.46pm BST

block-time published-time 2.52pm BST

Seattle police used pepper spray to disperse black-clad anti-capitalist
protesters authorities say threw rocks, flares, bricks and Molotov cocktails at
officers during a rowdy May Day gathering, the Associated Press reports :

At least nine people were arrested Sunday evening. Authorities said five
officers were hurt, none seriously.

The clashes in Seattle followed a peaceful march in the city earlier in the day
by advocates for workers and immigrants, just one of several events in cities
nationwide Sunday to call for better wages for workers, an end to deportations
and support for an Obama administration plan to give work permits to immigrants
in the country illegally whose children are American citizens.

A May Day demonstrator has milk sprayed in her eyes to soothe the pain after
receiving a blast of pepper spray in Seattle Sunday. Photograph: Grant
Hindsley/AP

In Los Angeles hundreds of May Day marchers took to the streets chanting slogans
and carrying signs and at least one Donald Trump piñata.

Read further here:

Related:  May Day protesters rally against Trump, deportations in Seattle and
Los Angeles

block-time published-time 2.02pm BST

Hello and welcome to our live-wire coverage of the 2016 race for the White
House. A Marist poll released at the weekend had Donald Trump  ahead of Ted Cruz
by 15 points,  49-34, in the Republican race in Indiana, which holds primaries
tomorrow and which could significantly simplify Trump's path to winning the
Republican presidential nomination outright. (Trump's lead in the Marist poll
was about double his lead in polling averages.)

If talk of a contested convention is diminishing on the Republican side,
however, Vermont senator Bernie Sanders has predicted such a twist  in the
Democratic race. Sanders said on Sunday that he would continue battling against
Hillary Clinton, revealing plans for a new series of mega-rallies in California.

"She will need superdelegates to take her over the top at the convention in
Philadelphia," Sanders said. "In other words the convention will be a contested
contest."

Related:  Bernie Sanders vows a contested convention despite 'tough road' ahead

The Republican fight for Indiana, meanwhile, saw Texas senator Ted Cruz make a
last-ditch series of attacks on Donald Trump  on Sunday. "No one is going to
clinch it on the first ballot. I'm not and Donald Trump is not either," Cruz
said. "It's why Donald Trump is so desperate to say it's over now... It's going
to be a contested convention."

Trump made headlines in the Hoosier state by accusing China of "the greatest
theft in the history of the world" and of "raping" the United States.

Donald Trump in Indiana accuses China of 'raping' the US over trade

In other news, president Obama tickled his audience in his final turn at the
annual White House Correspondents' Dinner on Saturday by poking fun at Trump and
Clinton and concluding his remarks with a mic drop.

Barack Obama delivers last correspondents' dinner address - video

Related:  Barack Obama in surprise swipe at Clinton at final correspondents'
dinner

And it's  Harvard for Malia Obama, after a gap year:

Related:  Malia Obama to attend Harvard - but will hold off until 2017 for 'gap
year'

Thanks as always for joining us, and jump right in in the comments to tell us
what you think will happen in Indiana.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              705 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             March 26, 2013 Tuesday

March 27 letters to the editor

BYLINE: Letters to the editor, Oakland Tribune © 2013 Bay Area News Group

SECTION: LETTERS; Opinion

LENGTH: 686 words


Navarrette column clouds gun issue

This is regarding Ruben Navarrette's March 21 column.

Navarrette obviously is picking sides as he attempts to defend his friend Sen.
Ted Cruz, R-Texas. Throughout the column, he attempts to demean the integrity of
Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., and her desire to have military assault
weapons/high-capacity clips restricted from public use.

The latest polls agree with Feinstein at more than 60 percent in favor of this
weapons/ammunition ban. Navarrette writes, "Who says she gets to decide who gets
to own a gun or how many stay on the market?"

Again, Navarrette uses "gun" as the hot-button word. Feinstein understands the
Second Amendment and only wants to limit military assault weapons to the purpose
for which they were developed/created. Also, the House, the Senate and our
president will determine if a bill is accepted and passed into law.

Navarrette has expressed himself under freedom of speech; however, much of his
arguments counter reality, cloud the main issue of assault weapons, use
hyperbole to distract, and all the while refuse to even admit to the will of the
majority.

The Constitution allows for us to bear arms and our present-day militia is our
local police, National Guard and the four branches of our military.

For Navarrette to quote (half-term Gov.) Sarah Palin does not bode well for his
intellectual treatise on this subject.

John Soulis

Fremont

Argument emotional on all sides of issue

I am responding to the opinion piece in which Ruben Navarrette comments on the
exchange in the Senate between Sens. Dianne Feinstein and Ted Cruz.

Navarrette takes Feinstein to task for "abandoning reason for emotion." He takes
liberals to task for their interpretation of the Constitution. And he maintains
that Feinstein should not attempt to argue the Constitution with Cruz, who is a
lawyer and has argued the Constitution before the Supreme Court.

What he attempts to gloss over is that both sides are emotional about the issue
of gun control and interpret the Constitution in ways that serve their
arguments.

The Supreme Court itself differs in its interpretations of the Constitution, so
why should Cruz's interpretation hold more sway than that of Feinstein, who has
been defending the Constitution according to her lights for 20 years?

The pettiness of Navarrette's piece merely continues the distracting behavior
that keeps us from really working out our society's problems.

Pamela Dernham

Oakland

Battle was slaughter of Native Americans

The super quiz is fun. The March 19 quiz had a minor error. The muffin man does
not live "on" but rather "in" Drury Lane.

There is a more serious issue with the March 14 quiz, the subject of which is
famous battles. Included are Waterloo, Gettysburg, Dien Bien Phu and also
Wounded Knee.

This is an odd juxtaposition. At Wounded Knee, the 7th Cavalry, which presumably
recalled the humiliation of the Little Big Horn, surrounded a huddled mass of
Native Americans and massacred them. There were some casualties among the
soldiers from friendly fire, as it is not a good idea to form a circle and
shoot.

This was not a battle, however, which by definition requires two sides. If I
were to describe Babi Yar as a battle, it would be similarly offensive.

Let us try to be more sensitive to the Native American Holocaust.

David I. Kelvin

Oakland

Free press put in historical context

This is regarding Marion A. McIntire's letter published in the Times on March
20.

I don't believe the authors of the First Amendment of the Constitution intended
the right of a free press to apply to the technology available today. How could
they? The technology we have today was unimaginable then.

When we acknowledge the First Amendment can apply only to the technology
available at the time it was written, then we can begin to solve the problems
created by the technology and propaganda we have today.

I don't see a constitutional right to a free press other than use of a Gutenberg
printing press and a town crier. You couldn't get away with propagandizing or
indoctrinating 340 million citizens with either one of those technologies.

Patrick J. McNamara

Martinez

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              706 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             March 26, 2013 Tuesday

March 27 letters to the editor

BYLINE: Letters to the editor, Oakland Tribune © 2013 Bay Area News Group

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 686 words


Navarrette column clouds gun issue

This is regarding Ruben Navarrette's March 21 column.

Navarrette obviously is picking sides as he attempts to defend his friend Sen.
Ted Cruz, R-Texas. Throughout the column, he attempts to demean the integrity of
Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., and her desire to have military assault
weapons/high-capacity clips restricted from public use.

The latest polls agree with Feinstein at more than 60 percent in favor of this
weapons/ammunition ban. Navarrette writes, "Who says she gets to decide who gets
to own a gun or how many stay on the market?"

Again, Navarrette uses "gun" as the hot-button word. Feinstein understands the
Second Amendment and only wants to limit military assault weapons to the purpose
for which they were developed/created. Also, the House, the Senate and our
president will determine if a bill is accepted and passed into law.

Navarrette has expressed himself under freedom of speech; however, much of his
arguments counter reality, cloud the main issue of assault weapons, use
hyperbole to distract, and all the while refuse to even admit to the will of the
majority.

The Constitution allows for us to bear arms and our present-day militia is our
local police, National Guard and the four branches of our military.

For Navarrette to quote (half-term Gov.) Sarah Palin does not bode well for his
intellectual treatise on this subject.

John Soulis

Fremont

Argument emotional on all sides of issue

I am responding to the opinion piece in which Ruben Navarrette comments on the
exchange in the Senate between Sens. Dianne Feinstein and Ted Cruz.

Navarrette takes Feinstein to task for "abandoning reason for emotion." He takes
liberals to task for their interpretation of the Constitution. And he maintains
that Feinstein should not attempt to argue the Constitution with Cruz, who is a
lawyer and has argued the Constitution before the Supreme Court.

What he attempts to gloss over is that both sides are emotional about the issue
of gun control and interpret the Constitution in ways that serve their
arguments.

The Supreme Court itself differs in its interpretations of the Constitution, so
why should Cruz's interpretation hold more sway than that of Feinstein, who has
been defending the Constitution according to her lights for 20 years?

The pettiness of Navarrette's piece merely continues the distracting behavior
that keeps us from really working out our society's problems.

Pamela Dernham

Oakland

Battle was slaughter of Native Americans

The super quiz is fun. The March 19 quiz had a minor error. The muffin man does
not live "on" but rather "in" Drury Lane.

There is a more serious issue with the March 14 quiz, the subject of which is
famous battles. Included are Waterloo, Gettysburg, Dien Bien Phu and also
Wounded Knee.

This is an odd juxtaposition. At Wounded Knee, the 7th Cavalry, which presumably
recalled the humiliation of the Little Big Horn, surrounded a huddled mass of
Native Americans and massacred them. There were some casualties among the
soldiers from friendly fire, as it is not a good idea to form a circle and
shoot.

This was not a battle, however, which by definition requires two sides. If I
were to describe Babi Yar as a battle, it would be similarly offensive.

Let us try to be more sensitive to the Native American Holocaust.

David I. Kelvin

Oakland

Free press put in historical context

This is regarding Marion A. McIntire's letter published in the Times on March
20.

I don't believe the authors of the First Amendment of the Constitution intended
the right of a free press to apply to the technology available today. How could
they? The technology we have today was unimaginable then.

When we acknowledge the First Amendment can apply only to the technology
available at the time it was written, then we can begin to solve the problems
created by the technology and propaganda we have today.

I don't see a constitutional right to a free press other than use of a Gutenberg
printing press and a town crier. You couldn't get away with propagandizing or
indoctrinating 340 million citizens with either one of those technologies.

Patrick J. McNamara

Martinez

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              707 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                               May 2, 2003 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Cadet Is Accused of Running Sex Club on Government Computer

BYLINE:  By DIANA JEAN SCHEMO

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; National Desk; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 474 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 1


Reeling from a sexual assault scandal that cost its top leaders their jobs, the
United States Air Force Academy is investigating accusations that a cadet ran a
group sex club from his government-issued computer, academy officials said
today.

The unidentified male cadet, who was to graduate in three weeks, is accused of
running three Web sites over the last two years that organized sex parties in
the Denver and Colorado Springs area.

The parties involved as many as two dozen men and one woman, said KMGH, the
Denver television station that broke the story. There was no indication that
rape was involved, but the report said the cadet posted pornographic pictures
from the parties on the Web sites, which counted 8,000 members nationwide.

In recent months, dozens of women cadets have come forward to complain they were
raped at the Air Force Academy and suffered retribution when they reported the
incidents. They have described an institutional culture that resents and
routinely demeans women. Many said they were forced to leave the academy.

Academy officials said today that they had seized the cadet's computer but
expressed doubts that he could have posted the materials from the academy
grounds. Mechanisms in the academy's computer system, they said, prevent cadets
from gaining access to gambling and pornography on the Internet.

At a news conference at the Colorado Springs Academy today, Brig. Gen. Johnny
Weida, the commandant of cadets and acting superintendent, said officials were
investigating the cadet for misuse of government equipment and Internet
services. A statement on the investigation said the cadet was suspected of
organizing "inappropriate parties." General Weida suggested that a second cadet
might be involved as well.

"I am confident in our team," The Associated Press quoted General Weida as
saying at the news conference. "We will deal with that one cadet or maybe two
and get it over with."

Senator Wayne Allard, the Colorado Republican whose office has so far received
complaints about rape from 50 current and former cadets, said, "It's clear that
the new academy leadership is taking this very seriously, and I will be watching
it very closely."

General Weida took over at the academy last month, after Air Force officials
ousted the academy's top four leaders. The Air Force is also investigating two
professors in the English and Fine Arts Department, which sponsored a formal
pre-graduation dinner at a restaurant last year that featured a skit based on
the 1983 Monty Python comedy "The Meaning of Life."

The skit, a satire on sex education, portrayed a professor graphically
describing foreplay, orgasm and female anatomy in graphic detail. It prompted
complaints to Senator Allard's office, which called for the investigation. That
inquiry has reportedly been under way for more than a year.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              708 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            February 28, 2014 Friday

SECTION: NATION & WORLD; NationWorld; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 683 words

DATELINE: LOUISVILLE, Ky. CHEYENNE, Wyo. SALT LAKE CITY SEOUL, South Korea MIAMI
WASHINGTON


- A federal judge on Thursday signed an order directing officials in Kentucky to
immediately recognize same-sex marriages performed in other states and
countries.

U.S. District Judge John G. Heyburn II issued a final order throwing out part of
the state's ban on gay marriages. It makes official his Feb. 12 ruling that
Kentucky's ban on same-sex marriages treated gay and lesbian persons differently
in a way that demeans them. Same-sex couples may change their names on official
identifications and documents and obtain any other benefits of a married couple
in Kentucky. The order doesn't affect a related lawsuit seeking to force the
state to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples.

Wyo. top state in CO2 emissions per person

- Turns out the worst state for carbon dioxide emissions per person isn't smoggy
California or bustling New York, but a place famous for its big, clear skies:
Wyoming.

But regulating greenhouse gases is a touchy subject in the least-populated
state, which just recently received U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
approval to do so.

Wyoming also is the top coal-mining state by far, producing almost 40 percent of
the nation's coal. Burning coal to generate electricity produces large amounts
of CO2.

In 2011, Wyoming emitted 64 million metric tons of carbon dioxide, according to
figures released by the U.S. Energy Information Administration.

Spread out over a population of 568,000 people, that works out to more than 112
metric tons of carbon dioxide a person, or more than six times the national
average.

Mormons disavow planets in afterlife

- The Mormon Church is pushing back against the notion that members of the faith
are taught they'll get their own planet in the afterlife, a misconception
popularized in pop culture most recently by the Broadway show The Book of
Mormon.

A newly posted article affirms the faith's belief that humans can become like
God in eternity, but says the cartoonish image of people receiving their own
planets is not how members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
envision it.

While few Latter-day Saints would identify with caricatures of having their own
planet, most would agree that the awe inspired by creation hints at our creative
potential in the eternities, the article says.

North Korea launches 4 short-range missiles

- North Korea fired four suspected short-range missiles into its eastern waters
Thursday, South Korean defense officials said, in an apparent effort to protest
ongoing U.S.-South Korean military exercises that Pyongyang calls a rehearsal
for invasion.

The launches, however, weren't expected to raise tension as North Korea
routinely tests short-range missiles and it has recently sought better ties with
South Korea in what outside analysts say is an attempt to win badly needed
foreign investment and aid. The rival Koreas this month held their first
reunions of Korean War-divided families in more than three years.

The projectiles that landed off the North's eastern coast were  thought to be
short-range missiles with a range of about 125 miles.

2nd 'Cuban Five' spy released from prison

- A second member of the Cuban Five, the spy ring whose arrests and convictions
have caused repeated tensions between Washington and Havana, was released
Thursday from a U.S. prison after spending more than 15 years behind bars.

Fifty-year-old Fernando Gonzalez, known to U.S. authorities by the alias Ruben
Campa, completed his sentence at 4 a.m. local time in a prison in Safford,
Ariz., Bureau of Prisons spokesman Chris Burke said. Now the Five, as they are
sometimes called, are down to three.

Holder hospitalized after feeling faint

- Attorney General Eric Holder, 63, was hospitalized for several hours Thursday
after experiencing faintness and shortness of breath at work, the Justice
Department said.

Holder was taken to a Washington hospital as a precaution after feeling the
symptoms during a regular morning meeting with senior staff. He was discharged
later in the day and sent home to rest, his office stated. Holder is known for
taking the stairs to his 5th-floor office.

From wire reports

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              709 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 3, 2008 Sunday
                         The New York Times on the Web

Orator, Leader or Both?

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Editorial Desk; LETTERS; Pg.

LENGTH: 310 words


To the Editor:

Re ''Teaching Law, Testing Ideas, Obama Stood Slightly Apart'' (front page, July
30):

As a former student of Barack Obama at the University of Chicago Law School, I
was disturbed by how he was portrayed in this article. Mr. Obama was an
excellent teacher, not someone obsessed with his own ''political rise.'' He was
open-minded and thoughtful, not guilty of ''self-absorption.''

And although he was willing to listen to ideas he disagreed with, Mr. Obama did
not avoid taking stands out of ''budding political caution.'' As his record in
the Illinois Senate shows, and his teaching revealed, Mr. Obama held strong
principles, but he always sought to persuade others rather than trying to impose
his own views.

This made him a remarkable teacher, and it should be something we seek, not
demean, in a presidential candidate.

John K. Wilson Chicago, Aug. 1, 2008

The writer is author of a book about Barack Obama.

To the Editor:

This article revealed the true personality and long-term motives of Barack Obama
as evidenced by the comment of a fellow professor who said, ''He was unwilling
to put his name to anything that could haunt him politically.'' Barack Obama
built his political success on his oratory skills -- not on courage.

He repeatedly played it safe as evidenced by his 130 ''present'' votes on
controversial issues as a state senator. Mr. Obama, representing a very liberal
district, has based his entire campaign on a speech he gave at an antiwar rally
in 2002 while a state senator.

How he would have voted if he were a United States senator is questionable.
There is nothing in Barack Obama's resume to lead one to believe that he is
anything but a powerful orator. That is not sufficient grounds to qualify him to
be the chief executive officer of 300 million people.

Paul Schoenbaum Williamsburg, Va., July 30, 2008

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                              710 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                   June 27, 2003 Friday MORNING FINAL EDITION

GAY RIGHTS VICTORY;
PRECEDENT REJECTED: ANTI-SODOMY LAWS ILLEGAL

BYLINE: HOWARD MINTZ, Mercury News

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1117 words


Rejecting its own precedent as demeaning and wrong, the U.S. Supreme Court on
Thursday established formidable new legal protections for the nation's gays and
lesbians by striking down a Texas law that made it a crime for gay couples to
engage in consensual sex.

The court concluded that the law could no longer support policing the sex lives
of gay couples because of shifting societal attitudes about gay relationships
and the constitutional right to privacy in the home. The 6-3 ruling touched off
euphoria in the gay community in the Bay Area and elsewhere, as well as outrage
among conservatives who blasted the justices for creating a "right to sexual
perversion."

While California and most other states have abandoned sodomy laws, both
conservatives and gay rights leaders predicted that the Supreme Court's
reasoning could be used to remove legal roadblocks in a host of other realms,
including widespread efforts to legalize same-sex marriages.

Everything from abortion rights to the court's future ideological makeup served
as subplots Thursday as the justices reversed course in the Texas caseand wiped
off the books a 1986 ruling that had allowed states to enforce anti-sodomy laws.
The Supreme Court has historically been reluctant to invalidate its precedents,
but Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote that the 1986 case "demeans the lives of
homosexuals."

"This court's obligation is to define the liberty of all, not to mandate its own
moral code," Kennedy wrote.

Justice Antonin Scalia, joined in a dissent by Chief Justice William Rehnquist
and Justice Clarence Thomas, blasted his colleagues for abandoning their role as
a "neutral observer" and taking sides "in the culture war."

"Today's opinion is the product of a court . . . that has largely signed on to
the so-called homosexual agenda," wrote Scalia.

The dissent did little to dampen the enthusiasm of gay rights groups and the gay
community, which staged rallies in dozens of cities, including San Francisco's
Castro district, to celebrate what they view as a historic legal recognition of
lesbian and gay relationships.

Gay rights activists lowered a huge rainbow flag that flies over Harvey Milk
Plaza in the Castro, hoisting an American flag in its place as a symbolic thanks
to the Supreme Court. Only the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks produced a similar
gesture. Hundreds of jubilant lesbians and gays waved placards saying "Free at
last" and "Will it be as much fun now that it's legal?"

"My partner and I are no longer criminals anywhere in the United States," said
Patrick Letellier of Santa Cruz. "Most straight people take that for granted. My
partner and I have never been able to take that for granted."

Conservative groups were shaken by the ruling, warning that it marks an erosion
of traditional family values and opens the door to challenges to any laws
governing sexual behavior, from prostitution to incest.

"The court has simply lost its mind," said Scott Lively, legal director of the
Sacramento-based Pro-Family Law Center, which filed a brief in the Supreme Court
case. "I don't see a silver lining in this case. This just gives protection to
people who want to live by an 'anything goes' sexual morality, and I'm concerned
about the consequences for our nation and especially for California, which
already has a record of being too permissive."

Despite the impassioned views surrounding the case, legal experts had predicted
that the Texas statute would face a tough challenge in the Supreme Court,
primarily because it treated gay couples differently for personal conduct in
their homes. But what was not expected was the broad affirmation of equal
protection rights for gays that was outlined in Kennedy's opinion.

The case arose from the 1998 arrest of two men in Harris County, Texas, for
violating a state law that made it a misdemeanor to engage in "deviate sexual
intercourse with another individual of the same sex." Texas altered its
anti-sodomy laws in the early 1970s to apply only to homosexuals, a key to the
legal challenge by the two men, who were convicted and fined.

The Texas courts upheld the law, finding that lesbians and gays are not entitled
to the same equal protection rights as minorities and women. But the Supreme
Court disagreed in the strongest terms, saying the Texas law violates rights
that touch "upon the most private human conduct, sexual behavior, and in the
most private of places, the home."

Among other things, the court noted that there has been "an emerging
recognition" of gay sexual relationships in recent decades, including vast
changes in the 17 years since the justices last addressed an anti-sodomy
statute. At the time, Kennedy noted, 25 states had anti-sodomy statutes. Now
there are 13, with only four directed exclusively at homosexuals. California
repealed its anti-sodomy law in 1976.

"The social context has changed significantly," said Brad Joondeph, a Santa
Clara University law professor and former clerk for Justice Sandra Day O'Connor.
"I think that absolutely is the larger explanation for what has happened."

The social underpinnings of the case also highlighted the ideological stakes for
an often divided court that is rife with rumors about the possible retirements
of Rehnquist and O'Connor and earlier this week reinforced affirmative action by
a 5-4 ruling. In fact, the abortion issue and the privacy rights in Roe vs. Wade
were not far below the surface in Thursday's sodomy ruling.

Both Kennedy and Scalia cited Roe vs. Wade heavily to argue their positions, but
came at the issue from opposite directions. Kennedy cited thehistoric abortion
decision to support the right to privacy for gay couples, while Scalia attempted
to use it to accuse the majority of hypocrisy.

Scalia, who has voted to overturn Roe vs. Wade, noted that the court has
repeatedly declined to overturn the abortion decision, but was willing Thursday
to erase its precedent to strike down the Texas law "based on moral choices."

Civil rights groups Thursday were quick to use Scalia's dissent as ammunition
against any possible conservative choices President Bush might make for the high
court, while conservatives blasted the high court for "judicial activism" that
needs to be addressed with new justices.

But on San Francisco's Castro Street, there was rejoicing that the current
Supreme Court, generally regarded as conservative, had given gay relationships
unprecedented protection.

"I feel like they must have felt when they integrated the schools in Little
Rock," said Steve Talan, a New Yorker visiting San Francisco with his partner,
Tim Frazer. "It's one more step in becoming equal citizens of the United
States."

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Mercury News Staff Writer Marilee Enge contributed to this report.
SODOMY RULING: HOW THEY SIDED
In a 6-3 decision, the justices struck down a Texas law criminalizing consensual
sex between gay couples. Here is how they split:
Majority: Justices Anthony M. Kennedy, John Paul Stevens, David H. Souter, Ruth
Bader Ginsburg, Stephen G. Breyer and Sandra Day O'Connor.
Dissent: Justices Antonin Scalia, William H. Rehnquist and Clarence Thomas.
WHAT IT MEANS
The ruling sweeps aside anti-sodomy laws in Texas and 12 other states.
California has no such law, but the ruling fuels the push for broader rights for
gays and lesbians in issues ranging from custody battles to the quest to
legalize same-sex marriages.
The reaction
Gays and civil rights activists took to the streets in San Francisco and other
cities to laud the decision as a watershed event in the fight for equal rights
for gays. Conservatives echoed Justice Antonin Scalia, whose impassioned dissent
attacked the court for signing on to "the so-called homosexual agenda."

GRAPHIC: Photos (2), Map;
MAP: MERCURY NEWS
States with anti-sodomy laws
PHOTO: JOANNE HOYOUNG LEE -- MERCURY NEWS
Mark Adams, left, and Thomas Coy, partners from San Francisco, listen to
speakers during a celebration of the ruling Thursday night in the Castro
district.
PHOTO: VICTOR JOSE COBO -- MERCURY NEWS
Hundreds turned out Thursday night in San Francisco's Castro district to
celebrate the Supreme Court's landmark ruling striking down states' anti-sodomy
laws.

                     Copyright 2003 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              711 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            November 1, 1991 Friday

SPORT IN BRIEF   Complaint filed

BYLINE: GAM

LENGTH: 58 words


An Ojibway Indian who says he was spit on and called "chief" during a
World Series game between the Atlanta Braves and Minnesota Twins has filed
a discrimination complaint asking the Braves to change the team name. Fred
Veilleux, active in efforts to get Minnesota high schools to abandon
Indian mascot names, said the Atlanta team name demeans Indians.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1991 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              712 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 11, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

William & Mary Is Forced to Alter Logo

SECTION: Sports; E02

LENGTH: 378 words


The feathers are flying at William & Mary, right off the school's athletic logo.

In response to a ruling by the NCAA that called the imagery offensive to Native
Americans, the school said yesterday that it plans to phase out the use of two
Indian feathers.

In a letter to the Williamsburg school's community, college president Gene R.
Nichol lashed out at the NCAA's sanctions that ultimately forced the school to
stop using the green and gold logo it has had since the late 1970s.

"I am compelled to say, at the outset, how powerfully ironic it is for the
College of William & Mary to face sanction for athletic transgression at the
hands of the NCAA," Nichol wrote. "The Association has applied its mascot
standards in ways so patently inconsistent and arbitrary as to demean the entire
undertaking."

*  PRO BASKETBALL: Indiana Pacers forward-guard Stephen Jackson is "happy to be
alive" after being punched in the mouth and hit by a car during a fight at a
strip club in which police say he fired a gun in the air.

"I want to apologize to my teammates, to the fans and to this organization,"
Jackson said after his first practice since the fight early Friday.

In connection with fight, Indianapolis police yesterday arrested Deon Willford
on felony counts of criminal recklessness and leaving the scene of a personal
injury accident, and a misdemeanor count of driving without a license. . . .

The Los Angeles Clippers signed veteran free agent forward Lamond Murray.

*  COURTS: Former NFL and Nebraska running back Lawrence Phillips was convicted
of seven counts of assault with a deadly weapon for driving a car at a group of
young men, injuring three.

Phillips drove onto a field near Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum after losing a
pickup football game on Aug. 21, 2005. He struck two boys and a 19-year-old man.

Phillips faces up to 20 years in state prison.

*  BASEBALL: The Minnesota Twins picked up their 2007 option on center fielder
Torii Hunter's contract, and his $12 million salary will be the largest
single-season sum in team history.

*  COLLEGE BASKETBALL: Toledo center Haris Charalambous died during conditioning
Monday because a blood vessel to his heart ruptured, according to preliminary
autopsy results.

--  From News Services

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                              713 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    May 1, 1994, Sunday, Early Tampa Edition

1996 GOP hopefuls gang up on Clinton

SOURCE: Compiled from Times Wires

SECTION: NATIONAL; THE NATION; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 680 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON; NEW YORK; ANCHORAGE, Alaska; LOS ANGELES



The South was Clinton country in 1992. Republican presidential hopefuls are
trying to make sure it doesn't stay that way.

President Clinton's policies were pummeled at the Southern Republican
Leadership Conference by former Housing and Urban Development secretary Jack
Kemp, South Carolina Gov. Carroll Campbell, Sens. Bob Dole of Kansas and Phil
Gramm of Texas and former Education Secretary Lamar Alexander.

All are oft-mentioned GOP presidential aspirants for 1996.

The Republicans all condemned Clinton's health care refor plan. Gramm said  some
of Clinton's proposals smack of socialism. "While the rest of the world  is
debating how to get out of socialism, we are the only nation considering  moving
in," Gramm said.

Kemp called on Republicans to reach out to minorities, especially blacks.

But Alexander said: "I think when you target any group you demean them and
alienate other groups. I think the appeal to an African-American should be the
same as the appeal for everyone."

Spy, his wife get

to keep property

   WASHINGTON - Aldrich H. Ames, the CIA officer who along with his wife,
Rosario, pleaded guilty to espionage charges Thursday, will be allowed to keep
a ranch and two apartments in Colombia as part of the couple's plea agreement
with the government, law-enforcement officials said Saturday.

Federal prosecutors, who initially said after the plea hearing that the
agreement would leave the Ameses penniless, agreed not to try to seize the
couple's real estate in Colombia apparently as a last-minute concession to
overcome Mrs. Ames' reluctance to pleading guilty with her husband.

The properties include a coastal farm in a rural area of the country, an
apartment in Bogota and a vacation apartment in a historic district of the
seaside city of Cartagena.  "Babyface,' suspect

in 15 deaths, caught

     NEW YORK -  New York's most wanted fugitive, a suspect in at least 15
murders in four states, was captured in Georgia after shooting dead a motorist
over a minor car accident, authorities said Saturday.

 Richard Jameswhite, 20, of Brooklyn, known as "Babyface," was being  held in a
DeKalb County jail near Atlanta for a preliminary court hearing set  for late
Saturday or Sunday, said Georgia homicide detective Ronald Eunice.

Jameswhite, who got his nickname because of his boyish appearance and  small
size, was charged with one count of murder and weapons possession.

The fugitive is a suspect in eight Brooklyn murders and has been sought  for at
least seven other killings, including slayings in Philadelphia,  Rochester,
N.Y., South Carolina and Boston.

 Jameswhite's alleged interstate crime spree goes back to when, at 17, he
started killing people he suspected of murdering his brother, New York police
said.  Elsewhere . . .

ANCHORAGE, Alaska - Five years after crude oil from the Exxon Valdez  blackened
Alaska waters, 10,000 fishermen, property owners and Alaska natives  are taking
giant Exxon Corp. to court, seeking to prove the pollution damaged  their
culture and livelihood. At stake in the civil trial opening Monday in  Anchorage
federal court is an estimated $ 1.5-billion in compensatory damages  and,
plaintiffs' attorneys assert, more than 10 times that in punitive  damages.

LOS ANGELES - The City Council approved a $ 2.5-million payment - the first of
two totaling $ 4.5 million - to a family who sued the city after their
13-year-old daughter was molested by a policeman. Officer Stanley Tanabe
molested the girl at her home in 1989 after her parents allowed the uniformed
officer inside when he said he was checking on a report of someone screaming.
He was convicted of sexual battery and sentenced to two years in prison.

LOS ANGELES - One of two California grand juries that has been investigating
sex-abuse allegations against pop superstar Michael Jackson has ended its
deliberations without returning an indictment, a Los Angeles television  station
reported Saturday.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              714 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                              June 3, 2008 Tuesday
                                 Metro Edition

CAMPAIGN 2008: THE U.S. SENATE RACE;
GOP legislators say Franken has history of sexist jokes that aren't funny;
The two lawmakers say the candidate's controversial Playboy article wasn't his
only piece of humor that demeans women. His campaign again points to his work as
satire.

BYLINE: KEVIN DUCHSCHERE, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 486 words


Only days before state DFL Party delegates meet to endorse a U.S. Senate
candidate, two Republican legislators on Monday released a list of Al Franken's
jokes and writings that they said demeaned women and mocked Minnesota values.

The Franken campaign said that the anecdotes cited were satire and that
Republicans are pulling them out now to distract voters from "the mess" created
by President Bush and U.S. Sen. Norm Coleman.

Rep. Laura Brod, R-New Prague, and Sen. Betsy Wergin, R-Princeton, said that
Franken has not yet responded to their request to apologize for a fantasy he
wrote for Playboy in 2000 about a Minnesota-based virtual reality sex
laboratory.

Last week, U.S. Rep. Betty McCollum, a DFLer, called the Franken article
"unacceptable" and said it could hurt other DFL candidates this year. McCollum
supported the Senate candidacy of lawyer Mike Ciresi, who dropped out in March.

Brod said Monday that the Playboy piece isn't an isolated matter. "The list goes
on and on," she said at a news conference at the State Capitol.

In a letter on Republican Party letterhead to Minnesota legislators of both
parties, she and Wergin listed eight instances dating to the 1980s when they
said Franken made offensive jokes about women, either in person or in the media.

Among the news stories cited by the two legislators: Franken kidded at a 1999
New York feminist event that Afghan women didn't need any more freedom, and he
announced at a White House press dinner that then-Attorney General Janet Reno
would perform a lap dance for $25.

One of the other anecdotes Brod and Wergin shared involved a local Franken
appearance that was reported in the Star Tribune in 2001. He joked at a Human
Rights Campaign dinner that he had asked organizers to pay him for his speech by
"send(ing) a girl to my room. And they did. But she turned out to be a lesbian.
Great! Next time you do that, could you at least send two?"

The Human Rights Campaign lobbies for gay, bisexual and transgender rights.

Brod declined to say that Franken is sexist or homophobic, but said some of his
writings reflect those attitudes.

In response, campaign spokeswoman Jess McIntosh noted that Franken has written
satire for more than 30 years.

"I'm sure Republican politicians will spend every day from now until November
talking about everything except the mess that Norm Coleman and George W. Bush
have created for Minnesota families," McIntosh said.

Also on Monday, the Franken campaign announced endorsements from the
Communication Workers of America Minnesota State Council and from three DFL
suburban legislators: Reps. Debra Hilstrom of Brooklyn Center, Linda Slocum of
Richfield and Ryan Winkler of Golden Valley.

Franken and college Prof. Jack Nelson-Pallmeyer are vying for the DFL
endorsement at the state party convention in Rochester that opens Friday. Darryl
Stanton and Dick Franson also are DFL candidates.

Kevin Duchschere - 612-673-4455

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              715 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           December 4, 2007, Tuesday

Readers' voice

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P2A

LENGTH: 691 words


-To the person who was complaining about the deer hunters, the deer have to be
killed out or they will starve to death because of lack of food. Which is more
right to you?

-The electric power lines should be run underground. The initial costs might be
a little more, but, in the long run, the company would save money with less
maintenance. You also would not have to worry about the weather tearing the
lines down.

-Nominating Barack Obama is the surest way the Democrats will defeat the
Republicans.

-The holiday season is the loneliest time of the year for divorced fathers with
children. Ex-wives pressure the children to spend Thanksgiving, Christmas and
New Year's with their mother. The older the child, the more pressure is
involved. The holidays are used to demean, belittle and be cruel to divorced
fathers.

-People who get stuck working low-paying, going-nowhere jobs without benefits
can never fund a retirement plan. The only thing they have is Social Security,
and it should be protected for their benefit.

-Kanawha County Schools wants to have drug tests, but they refuse to give TB
tests, which I think is more important right now.

-Would someone explain to me why we haven't impeached and thrown out the entire
City Council of Nitro?

-I am sorry, but I am totally outraged. How, under God's creation, could we have
a gay general in the United States military fighting against Islamic terrorists?
This just gives them more will to kill us.

-To the person who thought Jerry Waters should be back on the radio, are you
crazy? The man was negative and destructive. I am glad they took him off the
air.

-The utilities' typical strategy is: If you want a nickel, then ask for a dime.
It works every time with us dumb hillbillies.

-The Republican leadership has nothing to offer the workingman but more of the
same. Send your kids off to war and never let them come home. They take away our
kids' college loans and they do not want to offer help with the mortgage crisis.
All Republicans are following President Bush's lead, sending us down the tubes
while blocking Democratic bills that would help us all.

-Due to the insensitive and rude comments made by the CBS Sportsline columnist,
every citizen of the states of Missouri and West Virginia should boycott CBS,
not watch their programs and not buy the products of any advertisers that use
CBS.

-Danny Jones is complaining about utilities. This is the same Danny Jones who
had a 48 percent sewer increase for the city of Charleston and a 100 percent fee
increase for the user tax.

-The surgeon general of the United States has made a statement that Santa Claus
should not be a role model for young kids because of his weight. Here is a man
that is appointed to take care of things like trans fats in fast food and the
dangers of cigarettes and tobacco, yet he has the time to criticize Santa Claus.

-I just read the article about PEIA in the paper and I, along with a lot of
other PEIA retirees, want our Medicare card back.

-I, and millions of other Americans, should thank God that we live in the United
States instead of a country that will throw you in jail for naming a stuffed
animal Mohammad.

-What the teachers union wants is just too much. I, for one, would like to give
the teachers all they want, but money is the problem. If you don't have it, you
can't spend it. What happens to the retirement of these teachers if their salary
goes up? Would they take a loss in it? We are in debt now over the cost of
retirement.

-For those of you who want universal health care under the government, please
look at Medicaid, Medicare and our VA hospitals. They are over-promised,
underfunded, and all the government tries to do is not pay. If you are looking
for a solution from the government, you probably won't get well.

-I agree with the venter about a protest march about the user fee. I can't
afford to miss work; therefore, I propose we have a "bridge day" type of
protest, in the middle of I-64/I-77 on a Saturday. That would reroute traffic
through downtown Charleston for a few hours. The truckers and other drivers
traveling the streets would see all of the paving and the extra cops we pay for.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers


                              716 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           April 25, 2001, Wednesday

YOU JERK, JOHNNY: HOW MANY MORE KIDS WILL GET HURT?

BYLINE: Adam Buckman

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 076

LENGTH: 561 words


WHO'S the biggest jackass?

Is it the kid who nearly kills himself imitating what he sees on MTV's
"Jackass"?

Is it Johnny Knoxville, the titular star of the show who regularly injures
himself in the act of performing outrageous stunts?

Is it the viewer who has embraced the show and made it the highest-rated program
on MTV?

Or is it the MTV executive who looks at the ratings and money the show is
bringing in and then chooses to ignore the fact that the program demeans his
network and its viewers and has a harmful and persuasive effect on some of them?

The answer is: They're all jackasses.

As much as I hate to pick on any kid who bangs himself up so badly that he winds
up in the hospital, I have to ask of the ones who hurt themselves imitating
Johnny Knoxville: What on Earth were you thinking?

The latest incident happened Monday afternoon in Independence, Ky., about 15
miles south of Cincinnati.

Three teenage boys - two 16 and one 17 - decided it would be fun to videotape
one of them being hit by a car. So one of the 16-year-olds held a video camera
as the 17-year-old drove a 1983 Honda Civic into the other 16-year-old.

Videotape seen yesterday afternoon on MSNBC and Fox News Channel showed the
victim flipping end over end over the roof of the car and landing on the street.
He was rushed to the hospital with injuries to his chest, right leg and neck.

The boys said they were inspired by "Jackass."

Elsewhere in Jackassland, a 19-year-old wearing a hospital gown and waving a
chainsaw ran out into the middle of traffic Sunday afternoon in Afton, Minn.,
about 10 miles east of St. Paul. Nobody got hurt and the man got a ticket for
disorderly conduct. He told police he was imitating "Jackass."

Much more serious were the severe burns sustained in separate incidents by three
younger boys - two in Connecticut and one in Florida - who doused themselves
with flammable liquid and lit themselves on fire in the manner of - Who else? -
"Jackass" Johnny Knoxville.

Though it's difficult to know for sure, I like to believe that when I was 11, I
would have had the good sense not to light myself on fire. And when I was 16, I
doubt if I would have stood in the path of a moving car - TV show or no TV show.

To put it bluntly, the kids who got hurt imitating Johnny Knoxville could very
well be just plain stupid, although that doesn't absolve Mr. Jackass or his
jackass enablers at MTV.

In case you haven't seen "Jackass," that's the MTV show in which Johnny and his
pals engage in stunts aimed at testing their physical limitations. Yes, people
get lit on fire and stand in front of moving cars. In one famous bit, Johnny had
the contents of a Porta-John poured over him. I once turned on the show to see
someone tossing darts at Johnny's bare chest. One reader told me recently he saw
Johnny attempt to inseminate a cow with his hand.

If this sounds to you like the behavior of a jackass, then I guess that's the
point. It also sounds like the behavior of a pathetic loser, which is what we
used to call anybody who would agree to be showered with human waste.

These days, though, such people become stars on MTV.

And that makes the folks at MTV the biggest jackasses of them all.


LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Johnny Knoxville (right) thinks stunts like pepper spray in the face
are funny. Wrong. Try dumb and dangerous, Johnny.

           Copyright 2001 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              717 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    November 15, 1999, Monday, Home Edition

Virginia's Jones in class of his own

BYLINE: Furman Bisher, Staff

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 3H

LENGTH: 670 words

FOR WHAT IT'S WORTH: Far be it from me to get embroiled in this Heisman Trophy
scramble, but I'll say this: That Thomas Jones is the best running back I've
seen the last two seasons. Something else you have to like about him, he earned
his degree in three years and is playing his fourth season at Virginia as a
graduate student. . . . There is speculation that it may not be family ties
alone that are pushing Ken Griffey Jr. to get out of Seattle, it could be the
unfriendly dimensions of the Mariners' new playpen. And by the way, how can the
Braves expect him to increase attendance? Aren't they selling out nearly every
game? . . . And whatever became of Don Meredith?

That $ 326,000 paycheck the Yankees got for the World Series set a record. You'd
be surprised at the number of players on the All-Century Team who never made
that much in a lifetime. . . . Not to demean Chipper Jones' season in any way,
but if Babe Ruth had stolen three more bases in 1921, he'd have overwhelmed the
record the Braves so proudly announced for their hero. Ruth batted .378, had 44
doubles, 59 home runs, scored 177 runs, drove in 171, walked 144 times, but was
three short of 20 steals. AND, pitched two games and won them both. . . . My
policy is, never play golf with anybody who carries a cell phone, puffs on a
cigar and plays out of a bag with his name on it.

The Georgia-Auburn game was played in Columbus all those years through a deal
made by Judge Frank Foley, so I've been told. Between 1916 and 1958, there was
only one interruption, in 1929, when Georgia opened its new Sanford Stadium. One
reason Georgia was happy to pull out, the Bulldogs lost the last six games. . .
. Brandon Streeter, the Clemson quarterback, should be a student of the game. He
is the son of the head football coach at Gettysburg College in Pennsylvania. . .
. Remember when college kids used to hang the coach in effigy? I guess that went
out of style when pot came in.

Georgia athletes hold a record any college could be proud of. Only one school
has won the GTE Academic All-American Player of the Year prize more than once,
and the Bulldogs have won it three times: Alec Kessler of basketball in 1990, Al
Parker of tennis in '91 and Matt Stinchcomb of football in '98. . . . Golf
Writers Association officials are still steamed over the isolation of players
during the Ryder Cup at Brookline. It's nothing new, but this time the PGA of
America came off in gestapo style, and serious protests have been filed by
Melanie Hauser, spokesperson of the GWAA. . . . Within a space of four days, two
veterans of sportswriting in Baton Rouge passed away, Bud Montet of the Morning
Advocate and Dan Hardesty of the State- Times, rivals in life, partners in
death.

How about this? Laveranues Coles, kicked off the Florida State football team in
that shopping scam that involved Peter Warrick, apologized to officials the
other day. Then signed with an agent. . . . It is quite possible, also probable,
that Don Maynard is the only player in the Pro Football Hall of Fame who got his
start in six-man football. The Jets pass catcher broke into the game on a 10-man
squad at Three-Way High School in Texas. . . . Name of the Week: Summer Erb, no
seasonal vegetation, a basketball star on N.C. State's women's team.

Hey, have you tuned in on this yet? They're now televising lawn mower races, so
help me. The National Lawn Mower Racing Series started last night. Sorry, I
didn't get the network, but they say some of these cutters hit 70 mph. . . .  It
surely must be taken into consideration that off the field, Lou Holtz's season
at South Carolina has taken a lot out of him. His mother just passed away in
Ohio and his wife is battling cancer in the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota, all of
which makes a football game a rather minor item. . . . "One of the advantages of
bowling over golf," the bowler Don Carter once said, "is that very seldom do you
lose a ball" . . . Selah.

Our senior sports columnist
e-mail: furman@ajc.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              718 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                             August 10, 2009 Monday
                                National Edition

Bill & Hillary Show; The rescue mission to N. Korea has put the Clintons back on
the world stage

BYLINE: Philip Sherwell, National Post

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 1460  words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


It was vintage Bill Clinton. The former U. S. president had been lying low and
licking his wounds after being slammed for some intemperate outbursts during his
wife's failed run for the White House. But that semi-seclusion ended in
headline-grabbing fashion last week as he burst back on to the world stage with
a foray to North Korea to collect two jailed American journalists sentenced to
12 years of hard labour in a communist gulag.

The homecoming was, quite literally, made in Hollywood. A Tinseltown public
relations firm with a roster of Alist clients organized the ceremony at the Bob
Hope airport in Los Angeles, while movie mogul Steve Bing, a long-time Clinton
friend and donor, provided the private jet and footed the US$200,000 bill for
the mission.

Yet just 24 hours later, the former president was back at his day job with his
philanthropic foundation in New York, announcing a deal with major drug
companies to reduce treatment costs for patients in the Third World with
HIV/Aids.

Meanwhile, the other half of America's most enduring political power couple --
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton -- was beginning a seven-nation sweep through
Africa on a tour that news-wise was put in the shadows by her husband's own
roving diplomacy.

The Bill Clinton I witnessed in action during the press conference was back to
his most eloquent and charming as he joked with his audience while demonstrating
a grasp of policy detail. His demean-our was a far cry from the angry red-faced
figure whose minders ended up keeping him away from the press during Hillary's
presidential bid because his "purple fits" were so damaging; for instance, when
he appeared to diminish the achievement of her rival, Barack Obama, in winning a
primary in South Carolina, a state with a large black vote.

It was a reminder of the genial Mr. Clinton who would drive his clock-watching
aides crazy as he gripped every hand and answered every question. I once
experienced that habit up close at a reception in Manhattan. I told Mr. Clinton
that I had been sitting next to Barbra Streisand, who had suggested the United
States should rewrite the Constitution to allow him another shot at the
presidency. With his staff urging him to leave, I expected a polite but cursory
response. Instead, he launched into a lengthy story about how the singer-actress
had befriended his mother, inviting her to Las Vegas when she was ill.

Last week, some media pundits, notably Maureen Dowd in The New York Times,
concluded that with his North Korea trip he was again hogging the limelight at
the expense of his wife, who famously stood by her man when his womanizing ways
were exposed during their tenure in the White House. But others said that the
two-for-one package that the Clintons famously promised Americans when he was
running for president in 1992 -- words that came back to haunt them -- has
finally been delivered.

And nobody will be happier to see his lustre restored than Ms. Clinton, says
Tina Brown, editor-in-chief of The Daily Beast, an online news and current
affairs magazine and a long-time observer of the couple.

"A lot of hurt has passed under the bridge for Hillary over his affairs, but
this is a very strong marriage, now more so than ever," says Ms. Brown, who is
working on a new book called The Clinton Chronicles. "I really don't think she
cares whether she's overshadowed at this stage in her life or not. She's been
first lady and run for president and is beyond rivalry over the limelight. He's
had a very tough year and some of the worst press of his life and it was very
upsetting for him, so she will be delighted he's getting this credit.

"I think they have an amazing relationship and people constantly underestimate
the strength and depth of the bond," says the former Vanity Fair and New Yorker
editor, who knows something about power couples herself as the wife of fellow
British expatriate media heavyweight, Sir Harold Evans.

The Clintons still evoke a visceral reaction, of love and loathing, among
swathes of the American population. "There is a perpetual fascination with
them," says Ms. Brown. "It's partly down to the combustability of the marriage
-- people don't understand it, they're puzzled by it, the dynamics are endlessly
intriguing. And it's also their unpredictability. Look how hard she's working as
Secretary of State after that bruising campaign. And you don't feel Bill is
finished. Neither of them needs to be doing so much now, they have nothing left
to prove."

Indeed, friends of Mr. Clinton have said he is frustrated that President Barack
Obama has not called on him to help before. "He feels he still has lots to offer
and that when Obama called him last year, he was just ticking the box," says Ms.
Brown.

So on the domestic front, the greatest significance of Mr. Clinton's trip to
Pyongyang may be as an important bridge-building moment between the current and
last Democratic presidents. For while Mr. Obama developed respect and admiration
for Hillary Clinton as their titanic primary struggle dragged on, there was no
love lost between his camp and her husband. Mr. Clinton, for his part, was
furious that his wife's opponents played the race card against him after he
appeared to diminish Mr. Obama early in the campaign.

Their relationship has remained remote, to say the least. But Carl Bernstein,
the veteran journalist who broke the Watergate scandal story with Bob Woodward,
tells The Sunday Telegraph that he believes both the Clintons and

Mr. Obama have now emerged as "winners."

"The tabloid interpretation of someone putting someone else in the shade is
completely off the mark," he says. "These were three very serious people dealing
with a very serious situation concerning the lives of two American citizens and
a rogue nuclear power. Bill Clinton has strengths of which any president would
want to avail himself, and this episode showed again how adroit he is. I cannot
imagine anybody better suited for this mission."

Mr. Bernstein, whose biography of Ms. Clinton, A Woman in Charge, was published
last year, shares Tina Brown's take on the strength of her relationship with her
husband -- despite the rocky times, particularly when his affair with White
House intern Monica Lewinsky was revealed.

"You have to remember that they are each other's closest advisor. Each regards
the other as the brightest star in his or her universe and despite all that's
happened, nothing has changed that basic view over the years."

In fact, what was perhaps

most striking, as last year's epic election battle ran and ran, was that it was
Mr. Clinton, rather than the candidate herself, who took defeat the hardest in
public and who harboured the greatest resentment.

For Dr. Mirjana Blokar, a leading New York psychiatrist and expert in
narcissism, that would come as no surprise. "Hillary is clearly very focused,
very disciplined and very controlling and Bill is none of those. He has clear
narcissistic traits. He's larger than life, charming, very bright but very
facile with words."

And he will have flourished in the spotlight that the North Korea "rescue
mission" brought him. "Narcissistic people feed off adulation," Dr. Blokar
continues. "They want to be adored all the time. He is enjoying that again now."

For all the speculation about the dynamics of the Obama-Clinton relationship in
the wake of the Pyongyang trip, Mr. Clinton was selected for this mission not by
the President, nor indeed by his wife in her role as the country's top diplomat.
It turns out that Kim Jong-il, the secretive Stalinist state's "Dear Leader" who
is recovering from a suspected stroke, is among the ranks of the former
president's international admirers.

Laura Ling and Euna Lee, the two television journalists captured in March after
crossing the border from China, were told by officials in Pyongyang in June that
North Korea wanted Mr. Clinton to visit as an intermediary to secure their
release.

As the great saga of Bill and Hillary once again holds the United States in
thrall, there may be another Clintonian turn to the summer. The Boston, New York
and Washington press, despite denials from the family, have featured persistent
reports for the last three months that the Clintons' daughter, Chelsea, 29, will
marry her long-time boyfriend Marc Mezvinsky, 31, on the island retreat of
Martha's Vineyard in late-August.

There is a final enticing twist to the speculation. Mr. Obama will also be on
the island at the end of the month, on holiday with his wife, Michelle, and
their daughters. If there's a wedding, the pundits will doubtless find more
fodder for analyzing the state of relations between the first families of
Democratic politics as they practically rub shoulders in liberal America's
favourite summer getaway.

The Sunday Telegraph

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Color Photo: Jim Young, Reuters; Bill Clinton listens to his wife, Hillary, at a
fundraiser in 2007. "This is a very strong marriage," says Tina Brown, a
long-time observer of the couple. ;
Color Photo: Reuters, Kcna; Former U. S. president Bill Clinton and North
Korea's leader Kim Jong-il last week. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              719 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             April 13, 2010 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Colorado Classics Kingery: Retirement was just right call

BYLINE: Irv Moss

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C-02

LENGTH: 701 words


Being on his own schedule has Jeff Kingery living in a different world. And he
has found that he likes the freedom.

After 17 years of being the voice of the Rockies on radio, he's finding
retirement fits as if it were a glove.

"If I'm at a baseball game and it's 10-0 in the fourth inning, I can leave,"
Kingery said, not trying to demean the game in any way. He hasn't lost his zest
for baseball. He fell in love with the game growing up in California.

It's just that he is upbeat about being in charge of his own schedule.

"I think about halfway through high school I decided I wanted to do sports on
radio," Kingery said.

When Kingery announced his retirement from the KOA radio team, which began after
the 2009 Rockies season, it ended a 29-year connection with Denver's sports
teams.

His assignments included the Denver Bears, University of Colorado basketball and
an 11-year stop as the radio voice of the Nuggets. Along the way, he rubbed
elbows with many of the who's who of the area's sports crowd.

While announcing for the Bears in 1981 and 1982, he got to know Bob Gebhard, the
farm director for the Montreal Expos. Gebhard would become the first general
manager of the Rockies.

He calls his time with the Nuggets the "golden years of the NBA." It was the
time of Larry Bird of the Celtics and Magic Johnson of the Lakers, as well as
Nuggets Hall of Famers Alex English and Dan Issel.

Kingery called former Nuggets coach Doug Moe "a one of a kind."

When major-league baseball came to Denver in 1993, Kingery left the Nuggets beat
to team with Wayne Hagin as the radio voices of the Rockies.

"I can't knock the NBA, but I was ready when baseball came to Denver," Kingery
said. "Baseball always was my favorite sport to do play-

by-play."

The big leagues hit Denver with a storm. Opening day in 1993 in New York is in
his scrapbook, and most certainly the home opening day in Denver, when more than
80,000 fans jammed Mile High Stadium and Eric Young got the era of the Blake
Street Bombers underway with a leadoff home run in the bottom of the first
inning.

"The ground actually was shaking in the stadium when people in that crowd
stomped their feet," Kingery said. "Wayne and I would joke that there wasn't
anyone in the stadium when the crowd got down to 60,000."

Also in Kingery's scrapbook are the wild-card playoff berth in 1995, the run to
the postseason last year and the "capper" - the 2007 Rocktober run. That's when
the Rockies won 21 of 22 games to first get into the playoffs and then advance
to the World Series, which the Red Sox won in four games. Colorado defeated San
Diego in a play-in, 13-inning game to advance to the playoffs.

"The play-in game was the best game I saw," Kingery said. "It was Bobby Thomson
and Bucky Dent all rolled into one."

Kingery relished his time with former Rockies managers Don Baylor and Clint
Hurdle and current skipper Jim Tracy.

"I had as much fun talking about books, movies and music with Clint as talking
baseball," Kingery said.

Kingery said retirement entered his mind after the 2007 season and again after
the 2008 season. He denied that an episode during the 2009 season was a factor
in him stepping away.

"I lost my temper," Kingery said of an incident on the team bus from the stadium
in Los Angeles to the team hotel. "We all do that. If that's the worst thing
that ever happened, I'd be happy with that."

Kingery's roots in Denver radio go back to an icon.

"Bob Martin took a chance on me," Kingery said. "I didn't have much play-by-play
experience, but he thought I was up to the challenge. Joe Cullinane showed me
the ropes."

Kingery has replaced broadcasting with screenwriting.

"It's a creative outlet," Kingery said. "It's like going to the ballpark every
day."

And what if the New York Yankees called wanting a radio guy?

``I would never say never, but I've moved on,'' Kingery said.

Irv Moss is a Denver Post staff writer. Contact: 303-954-1296 or
imoss@denverpost.com ---------------------------------------- Kingery bio Born:
July 6, 1951, in San Jose, Calif. High school: Drake, in San Anselmo, Calif.
College: San Francisco State Family: Wife Meryl Hobby: Volunteering at the
Denver Dumb Friends League Future: Calls screenwriting a hobby until one sells

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              720 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           October 31, 2009 Saturday

Spin Cycle: Halloween wedding, really bad bank robbers, fat man walking

BYLINE: By Joan Morris Contra Costa Times

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Features

LENGTH: 330 words


Boo boo hoo

If everything goes well today, Lisa Panensky and Jim Nieves will become Mr. and
Mrs. in a Halloween wedding ceremony. But they won't be tying the knot at the
Sleepy Hollow, N.Y., Old Dutch Church made famous by Washington Irving's short
story "The Legend of Sleepy Hollow."

They booked the church 13 months ago, but when church officials learned that the
bride and groom, as well as the wedding party and guests, would be wearing
costumes, they blew out the candles on the jack-o'-lantern.

The Rev. Jeff Gargano offered to perform the ceremony in the adjacent 17th
century cemetery, but the couple said no, apparently fearing that might demean
the sanctity of the ceremony.

Modern crime

If there was a contest for the least successful bank robber, it would be a tie
between these two guys.

A St. Paul, Minn., robber ran away empty-handed when the bank teller did
something completely unexpected: She said no.

Then there is the guy in Warsaw, Poland, who said he had a knife and pressed it
against the throat of a teller, demanding money.

Too bad for him it was a spoon. He also ran away without a penny.

But at least they are getting their exercise.

Holiday death wish

We know that it's just now Halloween and who wants to be reminded that the
gift-giving holidays are bearing down on us like a tanker truck out of control,
but we just had to share something that popped up in our e-mail inbox this week.

It's a rubber ball for your dog from Moody Pets Inc., a Philadelphia,
Penn.-based company. But oh, it's much more than just a simple toy to amuse
Bowser and delight Fifi. No, this rubber ball also has a rubber mustache
attached to it.

So when our beloved and loyal companions pop the Humunga Stache in their mouths,
it will give them the appearance of having a handlebar mustache. We'll be
laughing all the way to the emergency room after the humiliated mutt goes for
the jugular.

Spin Cycle takes a quirky view of the daily news. Reach Joan Morris at
jmorris@bayareanewsgroup.com

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              721 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            April 12, 2007 Thursday
                                  City Edition

Radio host under fire

SECTION: NEWS; From the newsroom 2U: Highlights from The Oklahoman's blog; Pg.
2A

LENGTH: 785 words


We asked our readers if they thought a two-week suspension was appropriate
response to the comments by radio host Don Imus. Here's what a few of you had to
say:

"While I find Mr. Imus' comments reprehensible and insulting to the Lady Scarlet
Knights, I wonder why these African-American spokespersons who are calling for
Imus' head are so silent when members of their own race continue to demean,
degrade and insult women with the same words? All one has to do is check out BET
or MTV videos put out by the rap and hip hop community to see the vilest
degradation of women."

Stephen Rhymer, 55, Edmond

"Imus' prejudices will not disappear in 2 weeks. Since this is not the first
time he spoke in derogatory terms, he should find other employment."

Betty Scott, Warr Acres

"He should get fired! How dare he insult women like that! Not only
African-American women but all women! He should never get another broadcasting
job again."

Pebbles Smith, 41, Oklahoma City

"I think MSNBC and WFAN who carry the show should be fined. If the FCC can
impose a multi-million dollar fine for a fleeting glance of Janet Jackson's
nipple then this certainley meets the same level of people being offended. I
mean c'mon a nipple is not even genitalia. To all those crying about his right
to offend. What was your feelings a few years ago when OU assistant Gary Nord
cracked back on the lack of teeth in south east Oklahoma? I remember the outrage
and David Boren demanding he apologize. Once again it is who is getting their ox
gored."

John Miles, 52, Norman

Catching up with ...

The Oklahoma Centennial-sponsored No. 23 NASCAR Busch Series race car, driven by
rookie Brad Keselowski, was in Oklahoma City Wednesday as it headed to Texas
Motor Speedway for the O'Reilly 300 on Saturday. The race airs at 1:30 p.m. on
ESPN2 (Cox 28).

The stop showed off the car's new paint scheme. The paint scheme was first used
at last week's race in Nashville, Tenn.

Instead of the Oklahoma Centennial logo prominently displayed on the hood, trunk
lid and above the rear bumper of the race car, a likeness of the state Capitol
is centered on the hood, with a small centennial logo in a corner of the hood.
Fireworks displays have been painted onto the car, and cover its entire body.

"It's a cool-looking paint scheme that definitely stands out on the race track
and in the garage," Keselowski said.

I talked with Keselowski  about his car's new paint scheme and about his rookie
campaign.

Here's what he said about the season:

"It's been an up and down year. But I think that's to be expected. I definitely
ran strong at Bristol, (Tenn.) two weeks ago. I look forward to doing the same
this week at Texas now that we've got the same car back this weekend. We've got
a real strong motor, and I think it's going to be another strong week."

About expectations: "I really try hard not to have any expectations, to be
honest. I just go out there every week and try to give it our best. What it is,
is what it is."

For information about the Oklahoma Centennial, go to
www.oklahomacentennial.com. For information about the Oklahoma
Centennial-sponsored race car, go to www.keithcolemanracing.com.

Brian Sargent, Staff Writer

Rockin' scholarships

Eat your heart out, Simon Cowell.

The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Foundation has created scholarships and
internships to go toward studying music and the music business.

High school seniors in Cleveland, the hall of fame's home, and New York, the
foundation's base, will be eligible for the combined $50,000 in funds. Selection
will be based on personal essays.

According to Web sites of unusual scholarships, potential opportunities include:

Carnegie Mellon University for bagpipe playing.

The Scholar Athlete Milk Mustache of the Year Award.

Left-handed students at Pennsylvania's Juniata College.

The American Association of Candy Technologists scholarship to those interested
in "confectionery technology."

Jeff Raymond, Staff Writer

Long-distance caregivers

Are you providing care for a family member with memory loss who is living in a
nursing home more than one-hour travel time away from you? If so, you may be
eligible to participate in a University of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center
research study. Contact Dr. Lazelle Benefield at 271-1491, ext. 49117 or
lazelle-benefield@ouhsc.edu.

Jim Killackey, Staff Writer

Can you afford an ambulance ride?

Not everyone can afford to take an ambulance ride to the hospital. But in an
emergency, that's often the last thing on your mind. Have you gotten a bill
lately for taking such a ride in either the Oklahoma City or Tulsa areas? Are
you wondering how you are going to pay it?

Contact me at  mgamino@oklahoman.com or 475-3539.

Micah Gamino, Staff Writer

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: (Don Imus)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              722 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     May 03, 1997, Saturday, Final Edition

Anchor Quits Over Tabloid Host Hire

Howard Kurtz, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 569 words


Jerry Springer has presided over TV talk-fests with female Jell-O wrestlers, a
woman who says she and Elvis are from Venus, and a prostitute whose boyfriend
was surprised on the air by one of her johns.

On Monday he takes on a new role: news commentator for the NBC affiliate in
Chicago.

Springer's hiring by WMAQ has sparked a newsroom revolt. Anchor Carol Marin, who
calls Springer "the poster child for the worst television has to offer,"
resigned in protest Thursday night. Her co-anchor, Ron Magers, refuses to work
with Springer and is negotiating to be let out of his multiyear contract,
station sources say.

Marin, an award-winning journalist who has been with the station since 1978 and
anchored its second-place newscast since 1985, didn't go quietly. In a Chicago
Sun-Times column Thursday, she declared that "Springer has neither the standing
nor the credibility" to join the newscast. In his syndicated talk show he has
focused, she said, on "topics that are salacious. Programs that ridicule.
Subjects that demean and debase rather than enlighten and enrich."

Fighting to keep her composure Thursday night, she bid viewers farewell while
holding Magers's hand. "My deepest, most abiding gratitude goes to those of you
that watched and those of you who trusted us enough to share your stories,"
Marin said. The staff applauded, and a tearful pizza party followed.

"I'm obviously hurt," Springer, who tapes his show on another floor of Chicago's
NBC Tower, said yesterday. "It's not fun to be blasted so nationally. But it is
part of the arrogance of television that people who sit before the camera, all
of a sudden it goes to their heads and it's for them to say who else should sit
next to me."

Springer, who will not be paid for the WMAQ work, noted that he won seven Emmys
for commentary when he was a Cincinnati news anchor in the '80s. "No serious
person would say I'm not qualified to do this job," he said. As for his
flamboyant reputation, he said, "Part of television is to bring viewers to the
set."

Springer, 53, resigned as mayor of Cincinnati in the early 1970s after
acknowledging a liaison with a prostitute in a Kentucky motel. He ran ads
apologizing for the transgression during an unsuccessful run for governor of
Ohio, saying he wished he hadn't paid her with a check. He started his tabloid
show five years ago, after his stint as a newsman.

Springer's hiring was engineered by Joel Cheatwood, who began as WMAQ's vice
president in February. Cheatwood is a former news director of WSVN, the Fox
station in Miami, where he created the nation's most sensational newscast.

"People are going to see a side of Jerry they've never seen before," Cheatwood
said in a statement. He and other WMAQ officials declined to be interviewed.
After Marin's resignation, they issued a bland press release wishing her well.
Marin had tried since February to talk WMAQ executives out of bringing in
Springer.

Carol Fowler, managing editor of Chicago's WGN-TV, called Marin "an articulate
spokesperson for what's good about the business. For her to be put in this
position is sobering for all of us."

Some WMAQ staffers expressed amazement that a network affiliate would gamble its
reputation on Springer. "Whatever short-term gain they may get out of this will
be more than offset by Carol's departure," one said. "Jerry Springer's people
don't watch the news."


LOAD-DATE: May 03, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, "It's not fun to be blasted so nationally," says Jerry Springer.

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                              723 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                             April 13, 2014 Sunday

Letters: Enough with businesses that degrade women

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 771 words


Enough with businesses that degrade women

I was disappointed to hear the Tilted Kilt will be opening locations in El Paso.

It's bad enough we've had to endure Twin Peaks, another boobs & beer
establishment lining El Paso's stretch of I-10.

The last thing our city needs is a new business that profits by placing women as
sex objects.

While I realize selling women is a profitable endeavor, it violates human
decency and creates a hostile environment for young girls.

What El Paso really needs are businesses and families willing to support and
defend women for their intellect and talents.

We need radio stations that refuse to promote strip clubs, newspapers that won't
sell women in their sports section, billboards that don't demean women, consumer
boycotts of businesses that objectify women, and a military base that encourages
chivalry over pornography.

We need fathers who will teach their sons that true gentlemen don't pay women to
take their clothes off, mothers who teach their daughters the importance of
demanding attention for their being not their body, women who refuse to be sold,
and protection for children who are constantly exposed to too much in an
oversexualized world.

My daughters deserve a better community than the one we are creating for them,
and the responsibility lies with everyone in our city.

Tiffany Hatch, West SideA tale of two states on 'religious rights' bills

On Feb. 26, Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer vetoed her state's "religious rights" bill,
which would have allowed business owners to refuse service to gay people, citing
their sincerely held beliefs.

On April 3, Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant defiantly signed into law his state's
"Religious Freedom Restoration Act," which affords business owners this same
privilege.

The new law also adds the motto "In God We Trust" to the Mississippi state seal.

On April 5, a flash flood devastated west-central Mississippi, and one young
girl who was swept away by the waters was presumed dead.

On April 7, a tornado caused severe damage and injured eight people in Covington
County, Mississippi.

The weather in Arizona has been fair and pleasant.

Richard Ford, West SideGive Republicans credit for civil rights laws

At the recent civil rights summit in Austin to celebrate the 50th anniversary of
President Lyndon B. Johnson's signing of the Civil Rights Act and the Voting
Rights Act, the director of the LBJ Library stated: "I'm hopeful LBJ gets
recognition for the remarkable legislation he ushered in."

Let me remind the Democrats that these two civil rights acts were GOP
initiatives, presented to the Congress three times by the GOP, only to be
filibustered to death all three times by Democratic Sens. Al Gore Sr., Robert
Byrd and William Fulbright.

When LBJ became president, he recognized that the Democrats were not attracting
minorities and asked the leaders of Congress, which was controlled by Democrats,
to pass the two civil rights acts.

They took the GOP bills off the shelf, dusted them off and presented them to the
Congress.

Even though they finally passed, only 60 percent of the Democrats and more than
80 percent of the GOP, voted in favor.

Yet, the Democrats always take credit for the passage of these bills.

Joel Garcia, East SideHorizon Kiwanis is great partner with Socorro ISD

We were excited and honored to see the April 5's letter titled "Socorro ISD
program honors 'Terrific Kids.'

It is great to hear from district parents who appreciate the efforts of Team
SISD to provide a world class education and recognize student success.

We would be remiss, however, if we did not share the accolade with the program's
founder, the Kiwanis Club of Horizon City. This group of amazing citizens and
community volunteers initiated the "Terrific Kids" award program in SISD many
years ago.

Every year without fail, the Kiwanis print some 20,000 certificates that are
provided to schools to recognize students for outstanding work and good
citizenship.

Club members attend most, if not all, awards ceremonies to join in the
celebration and often take extra gifts for the students.

The Kiwanis embody the definition of TERRIFIC as used in the "Terrific Kid"
program: Thoughtful, Enthusiastic, Respectful, Responsible, Inclusive, Friendly,
Inquisitive and Capable. It is through partnerships with organization like the
Kiwanis that SISD is able to provide a well-rounded educational experience to
all students.

Working together, we will reach our overarching goal of ensuring that all
students graduate from high school prepared for the college and career of their
choice.

Thank you, Kiwanis Club of Horizon City!

Josc Espinoza, Ed.D. SISD Superintendent of Schools

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2014 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              724 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 9, 1995, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Sports of The Times;
Mr. Stern, Please, Get Real Refs

BYLINE: By DAVE ANDERSON

SECTION: Section B;   Page 19;   Column 1;   Sports Desk

LENGTH: 715 words


THE replacement referee was confused. Charles Smith had been fouled and now,
during a 20-second time out, the Knick forward was standing near the bench,
blood flowing from his lacerated and broken nose while out near midcourt Coach
Don Nelson was debating a lost and lonely man with a whistle, Lamont Simpson.

"Don, please," Simpson was heard to say, "give me a break."

But all the replacement referees should be saying, "Commissioner David Stern,
please, give us a break."

And if you really love this game, Commissioner, get them out of here.

End the lockout of your real National Basketball Association referees by
negotiating a new labor contract. Stop defrauding your players, coaches and fans
by using replacement referees.

This isn't meant to demean Lamont Simpson or any of the other replacement
referees. They're doing the best they can. But in the Knicks' 102-94 loss to the
Phoenix Suns at the Garden Tuesday night, Simpson and Marcel Godfrey often
appeared to be groping instead of governing.

It's been like that all over the N.B.A. during its first week of play.

"When our rules are as difficult as they are to officiate," Charles Smith said
later, "to have not only two officials instead of three, but two new officials,
they're missing a lot."

Pro basketball is arguably the most difficult game to officiate. Huge players
are moving quickly and aggressively, often at altitude. The regular referees
have enough trouble coping with the calls, the combatants and the coaches. To
expect replacement referees to do it well is asking too much. Some appear
intimidated or tentative, or both.

So, please, Commissioner Stern, give them a break. But with the N.B.A.
negotiators and the referees at an impasse, the Commissioner doesn't seem to be
listening.

When sports commissioners are ranked, Stern invariably is No. 1 on the list. But
consider his competition. Baseball doesn't even have a real commissioner. Paul
Tagliabue is too busy suing the maverick owners Jerry Jones and Al Davis while
wire-tapping phone calls from his National Football League franchises to
moving-van companies. Gary Bettman is an ice sculpture of his mentor, Stern
himself.

When the N.B.A. maintained its continuity despite its yearlong labor dispute
with the players, Stern was hailed for not making the same mistake baseball and
hockey did a year ago: the cancellation of the 1994 World Series, the lockout
that erased almost half of the National Hockey League season.

But now Stern is making the other mistake baseball and hockey did: opening the
season with replacement officials.

Baseball did it for a week at the start of last season. Hockey did it for 17
days at the start of its season two years ago. In each case, the replacement
officials cheapened the product. Just as the N.B.A.'s glow is being tarnished by
its replacement referees.

But say this for baseball: it took only a week into the season to realize its
mistake and settle. Basketball doesn't seem to understand its mistake.

"I'm confounded by the N.B.A.'s stubbornness and refusal to negotiate the
bottleneck issue: salaries," said Fred Slaughter, the referees' attorney.

"The N.B.A. has had a strong case of lockout itis. They thought they could bully
the players with a lockout, but that didn't work. Now they think they can bully
the referees with a lockout, but that won't work either."

Slaughter believes that the inexperience of the replacement referees has
contributed to some injuries, notably Shaquille O'Neal's damaged thumb.

"This is endangering the quality and safety of the game," Slaughter said. "The
lack of evenness in the calls. Knowing and applying the rules. Situations
building into uncontrollable situations that lead to injuries."

Like almost everything else in sports now, the impasse boils down to money. The
referees are asking for a 21 percent raise over three years; the N.B.A. has
offered a 7.4 percent increase over five years.

"Because the N.B.A. is making so much money and the cost would be split among 29
teams, everybody says, 'What's the big deal?' " said Russ Granik, the deputy
commissioner. "But you could say that about everything."

Maybe so, but if David Stern is really the best commissioner, he'll find a
solution soon. And give the replacement refs a break.


LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: N.B.A. replacement referee on the job. (Barton Silverman)

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              725 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                             August 20, 2010 Friday

Letters to the Editor

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 939  words


Howard Ernst

I was shocked and dismayed by the comments of a leader of the Anne Arundel
League of Conservation Voters about local author Howard Ernst.

The disagreement with their endorsement of a candidate for county executive
should not be used to demean the dramatic accomplishment of Professor Ernst's
books "Chesapeake Bay Blues" or "Fight for the Bay." Together they have reversed
25-plus years of ineffective federal programs and re-energized environmental
groups in fighting the bay's decline.

Ironically, it was Howard Ernst who praised the Maryland League of Conservation
Voters that inspired me to support the local chapter.

I think the League owes Ernst a sincere and public apology for one of their
leader's egregious remarks.

JAMES R. MARTIN JR.

Annapolis

Tree whisperer response

In response to Greg Mellon's letter "Tree Whisperer" (The Capital, Aug. 9),
Historic Annapolis is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization which administers and
maintains eight historic properties in the Historic District owned by the state,
most notably the William Paca House and Garden. While Historic Annapolis uses
the services of Davey Tree Care to maintain trees on those eight properties, it
has no jurisdiction over the trees on the city streets. The job of evaluating
street trees falls to the city and the arborist on the city staff.

My job does not and never has had anything to do with Keebler cookies. I'm more
of an Archway girl myself, particularly date-filled oatmeal.

MOLLIE RIDOUT

Director of Horticulture

Historic Annapolis, Inc.

Dog case

I'm concerned about the lack of depth that appears in your article "County
police reopen dog-killing case." You stated that the husky was not secured by a
leash, but failed to inform anyone what the policies for the dog park are. I'm
very interested in knowing if the park has a leash policy or not. When I walk my
dogs they are on leashes and I have full control of them. They are small and
when neighborhood dogs approach and are not secured, I take it seriously.

I do not know those dogs nor will I speculate about their intentions. My
dogs/family safety is my only concern. If the dog park has a leash policy,
that's one thing. Not knowing information like that leaves your readers ignorant
to the complete story. Please dig deeper and help us understand.

ANDREW HOLLWAY

Severna Park

Republican bashing

In case you haven't noticed, The Capital's Letters-to-the-Editor has been
targeted by a series of letters from liberal "seminar writers." These are
individuals brainwashed in seminars or Internet blogs, and encouraged to write
libels about Republicans.

You can expect more and more of this behavior in the run up to November's
elections.

The last line of defense for a failing political machine is to lash out with
lies about its opposition. One popular theme is that Republicans caused the
current economic crisis. Unless you have a selective memory, you will recall
that the current downturn was precipitated by the crash of the sub-prime
mortgage market, and the subsequent collapse of credit. Who instigated the
sub-prime market? It was Barney Frank and Chris Dodd, two liberal Democrats who
championed the idea that everyone should be a home owner, whether they can
afford it or not.

Another theme is that Bush is responsible for the deficit. Bush's deficit was
running about $485 billion, with an additional $200 billion in TARP money that
Congress tacked on. This amount was manageable, and it was peanuts compared to
Obama's $1.4 trillion, growing with no end in sight.

These are just a couple of examples of the drivel repeated by liberals in
bashing Republicans. The Obama spending machine knows no limits, whether it's
wasteful national programs or lavish lifestyles for cronies. At a minimum, it
has placed us, and the next several generations of Americans, in dire economic
straits. Worse case, Obama's spending may have already pushed the U.S. past the
tipping point for recovery.

CARL M. HUDAK

Annapolis

Ground Zero mosque

I am writing in response to William Andahazy's letter (The Capital, Aug. 12)
regarding the 'Mosque at Ground Zero.'

I think barring the developers from building the Cultural Center would be
"suggesting a national fear" as he put it. The message that Andahazy advocates
sending is "We are strong;" barring the construction sends the message that "We
fear you." As for "on our sacred ground" he lists battlefields, so he is
referring to Ground Zero as sacred.

How far out does the "Ground Zero Zone of Sacredness" run? Is it two blocks out
from the site of the World Trade Center, where this proposed development is to
go? Four blocks, where an existing mosque stands by City Hall Park? Five blocks,
where a mosque currently stands by Manhattan Community College? Should we start
issuing demolition permits for these sites?

Does letting the existing mosques stand show fear? As for "the same faith as our
attackers," Timothy McVeigh was Roman Catholic and we didn't stop building
churches in Oklahoma City. Why now if not then?

Religious intolerance, or even the appearance of it, does not show resolve or
strength, it just shows intolerance. If we prevent the developer from building
what he sees fit on land he owns within the zoning laws and after securing a
building permit, where does it stop? Am I going to be prevented from building a
Wiccan shrine on my property because some politician needs to score points with
his base?

And before someone brings up Little Dobbins Island, no permit was secured in
that case so there is no parallel. At its core this is a local land-use issue in
NYC, and that zoning board and community have already approved it.

SCOTT COCHRANE

Gambrills

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2010 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              726 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                December 5, 1995, Tuesday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

LETTERS;
Healthy diversion

BYLINE: DAVID B. NUSS; Atlanta

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 903 words


With Congress looking into the world of professional sports, I see how the
country can benefit. Let's hope they stay in sports and out of making laws.

Stamp out monopoly
ROBERT R. PRECHTER, Atlanta

The statement in a recent letter that the U.S. Postal Service receives no
taxpayer subsidy is patently false.

Every time taxpayers use the postal service, they are forced to subsidize it by
paying a high monopoly price. This burden must be removed by forcing the Postal
Service to compete in an open market. Only then will we be able to measure
efficiency and quality of service.

Whining liberal
CYNTHIA TANNER, Duluth

In U.S. Rep. Patricia Schroeder's (D-Colo.) retirement announcement, her
petulance and whining spoke for themselves above the din of biased praise.
Schroeder's negativism and unconstructive name-calling demeans her office. If
this is liberalism, Republicans can rest their case.

OKINAWA RAPE CASE Criminals should pay
PETER W. BURNETT, Decatur

I fail to see the distinction between someone who rapes a 12-year- old Japanese
schoolgirl and someone who "only" helped abduct her. Everyone involved in this
horrible crime should suffer the same fate: swift, severe Japanese justice. If
found guilty, they should never see the light of day again.

Rape in our society
WILLIAM B. FLATO, Peachtree City

The letter "Unenlightened leaders" presented the ultimate example of complete
stupidity in the feminist movement.

Adm. Richard Macke was not making it "a matter of economics" when he suggested
it would have been better for all concerned if the U.S. servicemen involved in
the rape of a 12-year-old Japanese girl had used the car-rental money to obtain
the services of a prostitute. If they had, the girl would not have been brutally
violated. That is what the admiral was talking about.

Feminists would have us believe that rape is not about sex or pleasure but about
violence and control - the battle cry of the feminists. Rape is about sex and
pleasure for one party, at least, while doing great harm to another. It is a
lack of self control and moral standards in our society. All of us, including
feminists, must accept responsibility for what happened on Okinawa.

TEEN SMOKING Child psychology
RICHARD FULTON, Atlanta

Jennifer Murray may be a junior in college, but the logic expressed in her op-ed
essay on smoking is sophomoric, at best. She held forth the notion that societal
disapproval, as expressed through federal action, only fosters rebellion. By
that reasoning, I suppose that teaching abstinence is responsible for teen
pregnancies and that anti-drug laws encourage addiction.

I noticed that Murray is an intern at the Heritage Foundation. I certainly agree
with them on personal responsibility with respect to this issue. I resent
supporting tobacco farmers with subsidies. I resent paying higher insurance
premiums, Medicare costs and environmental cleanup costs because of people who
choose to smoke. Let them pay their own way. Murray wants government out; let's
get all the way out.

Countering symbols
DEAN THAMES, Athens

Regarding Jennifer Murray's essay on teenagers and smoking ("Butt out, Mr.
President"): Cigarettes do not have any meaning on their own. Someone from
another planet could not pick up a cigarette and understand that it plays a
large role in our culture. That understanding has to be manufactured, a task
carried out in advertising campaigns. Cigarettes are not inherently rebellious.
Tobacco companies made them that way to take advantage of the predispositions of
youth, social status and gender.

President Clinton, in an effort to help protect the youth of America (which I
would argue is a part of his job) is intervening in this lopsided educational
process. By removing some of the tools that tobacco companies use to maintain
the symbolism of their products, the president is helping to lessen their
impact. The effectiveness of the effort is to be seen, but it's better than
nothing.

Allow for anger
PAT SANTHUFF, Stone Mountain

The op-ed article "It's not my fault" urged those who have been victimized to
just get over it, get on with their lives and thereby become "everyday heroes."
This is not particularly helpful advice.

Acknowledging the source of one's trauma is the first step to healing. The
second essential step is allowing oneself appropriate anger and time to mourn
any loss or betrayal. This is taking responsibility for one's life.

This step can't be rushed, nor should it be. Encouraging people to hurry or
ignore this process - so the rest of us are not made uncomfortable by their
emotions - delays the healing, in fact promotes denial. It also supports abusers
by delivering the message that the aggrieved have no right to feel aggrieved.

Consider the children
JOHN K. SPITZNAGEL, Decatur

If one ever hoped to see our Republican-dominated Congress wake up to the true
legacy that their vaunted budget will give our children, that hope must be
abandoned. They continue to believe that a balanced budget and no deficit are
all they will need.

What about a country with many citizens damaged by malnutrition? What about a
population not immunized, breathing a polluted atmosphere and drinking polluted
water in a treeless wasteland?

The GOP's policies are sure to cause terrible deprivation. Let's stop them
before it's too late.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Mug of Pat Schroeder

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              727 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            August 25, 2016 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

LETTERS

SECTION: A; Pg. 011

LENGTH: 556 words


HIGHLAND GAMES THANKFUL

We would like to thank the community of Spokane and Spokane Valley for the
tremendous support you showed for the 60th annual Spokane Highland Games
festival held at the fairgrounds. The turnout was great, and it was wonderful to
see so many families enjoying the many cultural events at the fair. Thank you
all for coming. We spend the better part of the year preparing for this annual
event. This is truly a labor of love, and we couldn't do it without you.

Thank you to the over 100 amazing volunteers  who show up every year, to all of
the merchants who provide so many wonderful items in their booths. We look
forward to seeing all of you next year, on Aug. 5, for the 61st Highland Games.

KAMERON MCLEAN AND CLAN MCLEAN

SPOKANE SCOTTISH HIGHLAND GAMES BOARD

SPOKANE

TRUMP THE ACTUAL SEXIST

"Clinton's focus on the female gender is sexist," (Aug. 14) so says Diana
Rickert, a writer for Illinois Policy Institute. So what if women vote for her
because she is a woman? There will be men and women who won't vote for her
because she is. So what if women vote for her, because they know she won't
punish them if they don't behave or take away their right to their own body? Or
demean them?

There still is discrimination against women - physical, financial and mental -
and there is no better example of abuse of women than Donald Trump's continuous
insults of woman who cross him. He labeled Carly Fiorina too ugly to be
president. To quote Carly: "It's still different for a woman," and she is right.

When interviewed about "The Apprentice," Trump said that all of the women
flirted with him and that was to be expected. "The early victories by women on
'The Apprentice' were to a very large extent dependent on their sex appeal,"
wrote Trump, later adding, "I believe we're all equal, except women still have
to try harder, and they know it."

So Hillary, go for the support of women. Trump is too ugly to be president.

JANET CALLEN

COEUR D'ALENE

MADSEN OMITS HEALTH CARE FACTS

Sue Lani Madsen "Canada's health care system big mess too" column (Aug. 13)
insinuates that Canada's national health care system is as dysfunctional as our
Affordable Care Act (Obamacare). She offers only cynicism toward government and
no solutions.

Omitted are some salient facts: Canadians spend half per capita on health care
than the U.S. and cover everyone. Over 30 million Americans are still uninsured.
Canadians have higher life expectancy and lower infant mortality than Americans.
Canadian cost control rationing (long wait times) occur mostly for elective
procedures. U.S rationing occurs by wealth. No money, no health care.

Canada's "tangled mess" stems largely from following the U.S. model of cobbled
together collections of decentralized systems with for-profit and nonprofit
providers while gifting private insurers gaps in coverage. Obamacare suffers
from the same inefficient and expensive mistake of catering to greed and profit.

Health care can be better but only through more government, not less. The United
Kingdom, for example, has even lower costs and better outcomes through its
socialized National Healthcare System. I have yet to meet a Canadian of average
means who would trade their system for ours.

Please relegate Madsen "conservative" anti-government editorials to the Opinion
page.

EDWARD DUHAIME

SPOKANE

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              728 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

IN THE NEWS

SECTION: ; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 432 words


A fan holds up a sign after the Indians' Game 1 victory Tuesday night.

MLB

Chief Wahoo confab on Manfred's agenda

Commissioner Rob Manfred told ESPN's "Mike & Mike" sports show he plans to meet
with Cleveland Indians owner Larry Dolan after the season to discuss the team's
controversial team logo, Chief Wahoo, which some say demeans Native Americans.

At the end of the live interview about the World Series matchup between the
Indians and the Chicago Cubs, host Mike Golic, a Cleveland native, asked Manfred
about Chief Wahoo.

"I understand that particular logo is offensive to some people, and I understand
why," Manfred said, "On the other side of the coin, you have a lot of fans that
have history and are invested in the symbols of the Indians. I think ... we'll
have a conversation."

BROWNS

Thomas: No desire to play elsewhere

Offensive tackle Joe Thomas, a nine-time Pro Bowler who hasn't been on a team
with a winning record since his rookie season in 2007, insists he wants to
remain with 0-7 Cleveland as trade rumors swirl.

"My mission is kind of always to make the playoffs and to help be part of
turning the Browns into a consistent winner and kind of turning the franchise's
fortunes around," Thomas said. "We haven't done that yet."

Earlier this week, coach Hue Jackson emphatically said the Browns would not
trade Thomas. This pleased him, but he's a realist.

"It wouldn't be the most shocking thing in the world because that's the way the
NFL goes," Thomas said. "We're commodities."

PRO SOCCER

Dynamo hope to sell alcohol at new field

When the Dayton Dynamo move to Roger Glass Stadium next summer, team president
David Satterwhite told The Dayton Daily News he hopes to sell alcohol at home
games. This wasn't possible at Welcome Stadium during the team's inaugural
season because it is owned by Dayton Public Schools.

Roger Glass is Chaminade Julienne High School's field, but CJ president Dan
Meixner said it can work because "we occasionally have adult-centered events on
campus.

"Because our community has demonstrated we can do this responsibly, there are
adult-centered activities that can happen on campus in a limited way."

COLLEGE VOLLEYBALL

UD tops Morehead for 12th straight win

Dayton recorded its 13th sweep of the season and 12th consecutive win,
whitewashing Morehead State 25-16, 25-20, 25-23 in Morehead, Ky.

The Flyers (23-1) got a dozen kills, four digs and two blocks from Jamie
Peterson while Jessica Sloan also had 12 kills to go with six digs and three
blocks. Lauren Bruns had 10 kills.

UD is home for St. Louis on Friday in Frericks Center at 7 p.m. Admission is
free.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              729 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     AUGUST 2, 1997 Saturday DCITY EDITION

GANGSTA RAP FOE CHARGES SLANDER / DELORES TUCKER IS SEEKING $10 MILLION FROM
RECORDING FIRMS AND THE ESTATE OF TUPAC SHAKUR.

BYLINE: Joseph A. Slobodzian, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 329 words


DeLores Tucker, a black feminist and vocal opponent of gangsta rap lyrics, has
sued a group of recording companies and the estate of Tupac Shakur, contending
that she was slandered on the late rapper's All Eyez On Me album.

Tucker, a former Pennsylvania secretary of state, chair of the Democratic
National Committee Black Caucus, and a member of the national board of the
NAACP, filed the lawsuit with her husband, William, in U.S. District Court in in
Philadelphia seeking more than $10 million in damages from 12 defendants.

Among those named are: MTS Inc. of Sacramento, Calif., parent company of Tower
Records; Interscope Inc., distributor of several gangsta rap labels;
entertainment companies Time Warner, Seagram and MCA Inc.; and the estate of
Shakur, 25, who was shot to death Sept. 13.

"As always, our position is that we sell music; we don't make it," said Michael
Solomon, counsel for MTS Inc. Solomon said he expected that Shakur's estate and
the other defendants would not be deemed liable for damages.

Tucker's suit, filed July 21, is the latest move in her two-year campaign
against the recording companies and artists who produce gangsta rap. The lyrics,
she contends, demean women and African Americans and focus on the worst aspects
of the black experience in inner cities.

At the height of her protests, Shakur's All Eyez On Me album was released,
including two cuts that, the suit contends, slandered Tucker.

One of the songs, "How Do U Want It?," includes a lyric in which Tucker's
surname is rhymed with a common obscenity. The suit said another song about
prostitution, titled "Wonda Why They Call U Bytch," makes sexual references
about Tucker.

Tucker's suit says the recording caused her and her husband emotional distress.
"By using vile and offensive language, the recordings have held her up as an
object of scorn to more than 5 million people, including children in
Philadelphia and elsewhere," the complaint states.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
PHOTO
Tupac Shakur, in a '93 photo.

                  Copyright 1997 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              730 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                               November 30, 1999

School cancels West Side Story amid race row

BYLINE: Martin Kettle in Washington

SECTION: Guardian Foreign Pages; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 417 words


Martin Kettle in Washington

The classic musical West Side Story, many theatregoers' first choice as the best
piece of musical theatre of the postwar era, has become the latest victim of
modern America's susceptibility to the culture of political correctness.

Protesters in Massachusetts have forced the cancellation of a production of
Leonard Bernstein's 1957 musical, which sets the Romeo and Juliet story in a
world of New York gang rivalry between Puerto Ricans and 'Ameri cans'. The
protesters charged that West Side Story stereotypes and demeans Puerto Ricans
and is therefore an unsuitable choice for a production in a local high school.

One of the chief objections stems from one of the show's most famous satiric
numbers, America. The song contains lines - written by the librettist Stephen
Sondheim - contrasting the poverty and overpopulation of Puerto Rico with the
dream of the affluent lifestyle to be had in New York.

As a result of the objections by Latino students and par ents, the Amherst
regional high school has now cancelled a student production of the musical
scheduled for February, thus triggering counter-protests at the weekend that the
school had caved in over a vital issue of free expression.

'Denying the community the opportunity to see the play is wrong - it's wrong in
a democratic society,' said the local state senator, Stanley Rosenberg. 'You
shouldn't seek to silence different points of view.'

Mr Rosenberg was a speaker at a 100-strong protest on Amherst town common, at
which political and civil liberties groups rallied to object to the decision to
cancel the show. But that has not deterred the protesters.

'The Latinos are basically put down in the play and are strongly stereotyped,'
said Orlando Sola-Gomez, an Amherst school parent who approved of the decision
to stop the musical. 'It's the first step to showing consideration.'

But the play's supporters say the rush to ensure political correctness may lead
the public to miss the tale's bigger message. 'The point of West Side Story is
that love between a white man and a Puerto Rican woman can break down racial
hatred,' the Boston Herald columnist, Margaret Eagan, wrote last week. 'But I
guess that didn't matter up in Amherst.'

Before the row, the most recent confrontation over Puerto Rican stereotyping
came after an episode of the Seinfeld sitcom in which the accidental burning of
the island's flag provoked a protest campaign by Puerto Rican nationalists.


LOAD-DATE: November 29, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              731 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 19, 1998, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Race Advisory Panel Gives Report to Clinton

BYLINE: By STEVEN A. HOLMES

SECTION: Section A; Page 7; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 508 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 18


President Clinton today focused his attention on an area where he has displayed
comfort, as well as intellectual and political surefootedness: race.

On a day when the appearance of normality was a precious commodity at the White
House, Mr. Clinton's only public event was a ceremony in which he officially
received the report of the Advisory Board to the President's Initiative on Race.

Speaking in front of such civil rights veterans as Rosa Parks and Representative
John Lewis, the President displayed his understanding of the history of racial
conflict and an eloquence about ways to reduce racial antagonism in the future.

"It comes from, yes, opportunity; it comes from, yes, learning; it comes from,
yes, the absence of discrimination," Mr. Clinton said in a speech. "But it also
has to come from the presence of reconciliation, from a turning away from the
madness that life only matters if there is someone we can demean, destroy or put
down."

The event culminated the work of Mr. Clinton's seven-member advisory board,
whose 15-month tenure was marred by a slow start, criticism for not including
enough conservative voices, anger on the part of American Indians for not being
represented, and charges of too much White House interference in its planning
and work.

But in presenting the voluminous report to Mr. Clinton, first in a private
meeting in the Oval Office and later at the public event in an auditorium at the
Old Executive Office Building, the historian John Hope Franklin, who headed the
board, said its work had stimulated a unique discussion on race throughout the
country.

"People seemed relieved that someone was doing something about this," Mr.
Franklin told the President at the Oval Office meeting. "They felt that they
could accomplish something."

The report compiled suggestions that had been made during the 15 months. Many of
the suggestions were endorsements of policy initiatives -- like money for school
construction in minority areas -- that the Administration has already made. Some
people, including at least one board member, have criticized the report as a
relatively bland document lacking any bold initiatives.

Its major recommendation, which was emphasized by several board members today,
was the establishment of a permanent Presidential Council on Race. Such a body
would monitor efforts and recommend policies to promote racial reconciliation.

"It's absolutely essential that this initiative be carried forward in a
permanent way," William F. Winter, a member and former Governor of Mississippi,
said in explaining the rationale for the council to Mr. Clinton.

The Oval Office meeting and the public ceremony allowed the White House a
welcome respite from the Monica Lewinsky affair. But even during these moments
the scandal intruded, even if only through gallows humor.

At one point Suzanne Johnson Cook, a New York City pastor and a board member,
gave Mr. Clinton a gift: a book entitled "Too Blessed to Be Stressed." The
President laughed and said, "I think I need that."

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: At a public ceremony yesterday in the Old Executive Office
Building in Washington, President Clinton greeted members of the audience after
officially receiving the report of his advisory board on race relations. (Paul
Hosefros/The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              732 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 9, 1993, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

NHL board has shootout on agenda

BYLINE: Kevin Allen

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 138 words

DATELINE: LAGUNA NIGUEL, Calif.


Discussion of an overtime shootout might cause the only sparks when the NHL
Board of Governors convene for two days of meetings.

Though no vote is expected on using penalty shots to resolve ties, opponents are
vocal. Florida Panthers general manager Bob Clarke said it would be like Dan
Marino throwing footballs through a tire to resolve an NFL tie.

"We know a shootout is exciting," Dallas Stars owner Norman Green said. "But the
question is: Does it demean the 60 minutes of hard-fought hockey that was just
played?"

The International Hockey League uses shootouts. Each coach picks five players to
take penalty shots. The team with the most goals gets two points in the
standings, the loser one.

Also to be discussed: a draft lottery and Edmonton Oilers owner Peter
Pocklington's negotiations to move his team.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

See related stories; 05C

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              733 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 26, 1987, Friday, Final Edition

Boss Schaefer

SECTION: OPINION EDITORIAL; PAGE A24

LENGTH: 297 words


EVERY ONCE in a while it becomes uncomfortably clear that Maryland Gov. William
Donald Schaefer either doesn't fully understand or, if he understands, doesn't
entirely subscribe to the difficult side of democratic government. The
paternalistic streak that is his strength -- the source of much of his civic
energy -- is also his great weakness. Never in his short administration has that
been clearer than in the crabbed, repressive position he has now taken on legal
aid.

The governor says, sure, he would be happy to continue giving state funds to the
Legal Aid Bureau of Baltimore, which represents the poor, but only if the bureau
promises in return that it will not sue the state. That's an offer that, were it
accepted, would demean both sides. What if, as more than occasionally happens,
the state turns out to be the entity the poor and their lawyers believe is
denying them their due? Too bad, the governor is saying. Life on this plantation
is not always fair; we only help the tame. The state of Maryland doesn't need to
insure itself this way against its own poorest people.

The reason for giving legal aid to the poor is to guarantee equal access to the
law. You either believe in that equal access or you don't. The arguments on the
governor's side of this issue are well known. Ronald Reagan has made them for
years in his effort, begun when he was governor of California, to abolish the
federal program of free legal aid. Gov. Schaefer is right; there will always be
some bellicose and perhaps ambitious lawyers in this program "who don't want to
talk. Their attitude is, we sue." It's a pain in the neck. But the governor's
alternative is to put a dollar sign on citizenship, an asterisk after the rights
of poor people. It's a terrible way to do things.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                       Copyright 1987 The Washington Post


                              734 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     June 7, 2001, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Ali-Frazier IV: A bout of history and hype Boxers' daughters rolling with
punches from critics

BYLINE: Dan Rafael

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 1488 words


Muhammad Ali. Joe Frazier. The names of the former heavyweight
champions are entwined for eternity because of the three legendary
fights they waged and the intense, long-lasting acrimony born
from what many consider the greatest sports rivalry in history.

Now, 30 years after the nation ground to a halt to focus on their
first fight on Oct. 8, 1971, and 26 years after their final brutal
bout in Manila, their daughters are set to renew the bitter family
feud.

Laila Ali, one of Muhammad's nine children, meets Jacquelyn Frazier-Lyde,
one of "Smokin' " Joe's 11 children, Friday night at the Turning
Stone Casino Resort in Verona, N.Y., in a fight that has been
brewing since Laila turned pro in October 1999.


After Ali, 23, knocked out waitress April Fowler in 31 seconds
in her debut, Philadelphia Daily News boxing writer Bernard
Fernandez asked Jacqui, a 39-year-old attorney with three children,
what she thought of Laila.

Frazier-Lyde's response: "I will kick Laila's butt." The former
standout basketball player at American University then began boxing
and it has led to the highest-profile women's match since the
sport gained popularity with Christy Martin's Sports Illustrated
cover appearance in 1996.

The fight, billed as Ali-Frazier IV, is an eight-round super middleweight
bout (168 pounds) that is part of induction weekend festivities
at the nearby International Boxing Hall of Fame. It is also the
first time women will headline a major pay-per-view card (9 p.m.
ET) -- at a cost of $ 24.95 -- despite their inexperience. Laila
is 9-0 with eight knockouts; Jacqui is 7-0, all by knockout. Neither
fought as an amateur.

"This is about more than Joe Frazier and Muhammad Ali and us,"
Jacqui says. "It is about a celebration of women in sports. I
see girls in boxing who deserve much more attention than we do
but because of marketing and commercialism, here we are. But people
try to make it seem like it's our fault. It's not our doing."

To some, the match is nothing more than a way for the duo to cash
in on their famous last names.

"Neither one of them can really fight," says Martin (43-2-2,
31 KOs), the best known and highest-paid female boxer in history.
"No one with that few fights can really fight. You should have
to pay your dues before you are in the spotlight like that. They
haven't. This is the worst thing that can happen for boxing.

"People watching will be expecting the best two women's fighters
for 25 bucks. People will figure that they are the daughters of
these great champions, so they have to be the best. That is so
wrong."

Says Laila: "I am fighting Jacqui because she's a fighter in
my weight class and I can make money fighting her and we can get
a lot of exposure. That makes it a smart thing to do. Should I
say no to that?"

Adds Jacqui: "Don't be mad at me. I am not the one dictating
the market. I'm just going for it."

The fighters are being paid equally, although their purses haven't
been disclosed. It is believed they are making at least $ 100,000
apiece plus a share of any pay-per-view profits.

"Boxing is about hustling in a lot of ways, so I won't come off
as someone defending the virtue and sanctity of boxing, but this
is a carnival act," says HBO analyst and former reporter Larry
Merchant, who covered two of the fights between the fathers.

"In a way, it's an insult to all those women who have really
put in their time and passion and dreams into being excellent
at fighting. I wouldn't spend 15 cents to see it. More importantly,
I wouldn't waste 15 minutes of my time."

'Demeans the fathers'

Promoter Bob Arum, involved in 26 Muhammad Ali fights, including
Ali-Frazier II and III, agrees.

"It means absolutely nothing in boxing, absolutely zippo," says
Arum, who once promoted Ali vs. pro wrestler Antonio Inoki in
1976 in Tokyo and also promotes sideshow fighters Mia St. John
and Butterbean on his undercards. "Garbage is garbage. Ali and
Frazier were great, great fighters, and these girls are trading
on the names. This is lunacy. It demeans the fathers. I know Muhammad
is not very happy about it."

Ali doesn't want to see Laila get hurt and, for religious reasons
(he's a devout Muslim), he doesn't think she should box. Frazier
won't say if he will attend the fight. Ali says he won't because
he is committed to an appearance at this weekend's NASCAR race
in Brooklyn, Mich.

"I would have been there otherwise," says Ali, who had said
he wouldn't attend Laila's debut but still showed up. "Even though
I don't approve, I still support her. I'm proud of her. I don't
approve (because) Allah didn't make the body of women to take
punches to the breast and face. They're not made to take a punch.
It's too bad she never accepted Islam. She's not a Muslim, therefore
she can box."

Though Laila and Jacqui don't agree on much, they each maintain
that it is their competitive zeal that has brought them together.
They take issue with people who say they are insulting the memory
of the blood their fathers spilled.

"I don't get offended by it," Laila says. "That's how people
feel. We can't change the rivalry between our fathers. One thing
I don't do is play this fight up to their fights."

Freeda Foreman, 24-year-old daughter of ex-champ George Foreman,
agrees with Laila and Jacqui.

"I think it's awesome for women's boxing," says Foreman (5-0),
a possible foe for either. "By having the bout, having it on
pay-per-view and seeing the daughters of the champions fight is
only going to enhance women's boxing. When you watch them, you
will see a battle of passion."

"It's an interesting fight because, oddly enough, the styles
are good for each other," says Angelo Dundee, Muhammad's longtime
trainer and friend. "Frazier's daughter is rough and tough, and
Ali's daughter is a stylist. I think it's a bona fide good fight
and there is enough interest in the fight because of who they
represent. But I am not sure who wants to pay 25 bucks to see
it, despite the curiosity factor."

Merchant believes the reason the bout is on PPV is simple. "The
real premise here is that fools in pursuit of cheap thrills can
easily be separated from their money," he says. "We'll see how
many fools there are. Maybe next somebody can promote Hillary
Clinton boxing a kangaroo. But this has nothing to do with prizefighting.
We'll see if Barnum was right about suckers. To me, it's like
a stupid pet trick."

If it is a trick, the media has bitten hard. Frazier-Lyde and
Ali grace the cover of this week's TV Guide, and Turning
Stone, which reportedly put up $ 400,000 to stage the fight, has
issued nearly 300 media credentials to 130 outlets from 14 countries,
including Access Hollywood, Elle magazine, Britain's
BBC and four German networks.

Who's watching

Turning Stone spokesman Mark Emery says about 4,000 of the 8,000
tickets have been sold, and they expect good walk-up sales once
fans begin arriving for the Hall of Fame activities.

TV executive Mark Taffet isn't involved with the event, but he's
overseen numerous PPV fights for TVKO and says sales for the event
are hard to predict.

"There are really three factors that impact pay-per-view performance,"
he says. "Publicity drives performance more than paid advertising
because it classifies the event as news rather than programming.
Second is scheduling.

"Historically, Saturday has been the big night for pay-per-view.
If Ali-Frazier IV is successful on a Friday night, it will create
a breakthrough for the industry. Third is competition. In this
case the public must decide between a one-night only Ali-Frazier
matchup and Game 2 of the NBA Finals.

"Finally, the public has to decide if it's a boxing event or
entertainment event. Boxing events often do hundreds of thousands
of sales. Entertainment events seldom hit 100,000."

The hardcore boxing fans also are likely to be watching ESPN2's
Friday Night Fights for free.

Ali is annoyed by questions about the fight's worthiness as a
pay-TV event. She says, "If you don't want to see it, don't watch
it."

Jacqui is more thoughtful. "You can watch it or not, that's fine.
But this has to do with two women competing and the legacies of
our fathers. Like it or not, this is a continuation of the greatest
sports rivalry in history."

***

Contributing: Jon Saraceno


Tale of the tape

Laila Ali meets Jacqui Frazier-Lyde in an eight-round pay-per-view
bout Friday night at Turning Stone Casino Resort in Verona, N.Y.

Laila AliJacqui Frazier-Lyde
Muhammad AliFatherJoe Frazier
She Bee Stingin'NicknameSister Smoke
23Age39
5-10Height5-9
x-168Weight168
9-0, 8 KosRecord7-0, 7 KOsE
x-nail salon ownerBackgroundAttorney

 x-exact weight to be determined at today's weigh-in.



LOAD-DATE: June 07, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: EAR PHOTO, Color, Dan Loh, AP; PHOTOS, Color, Timothy A. Clary, Agence
France-Presse (2); PHOTO, B/W, Beth A. Keiser, AP; Jacqui Frazier-Lyde: "I will
kick Laila's butt." Laila Ali: "I can make money fighting her." Fighting words:
"This is a carnival act," HBO's Larry Merchant says about Friday's fight between
Laila Ali, left, and Jacqui Frazier-Lyde.

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              735 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

              October 26, 1994, Wednesday, DAILY: TORONTO EDITION

Cone earns AL Cy Young

BYLINE: Financial Post wire

SECTION: SECTION 3, SPORTS; Pg. 45, Baseball

LENGTH: 316 words


David Cone, coming off the worst season of his career, bounced back to again
beat out former teammate Jimmy Key in a close vote yesterday for the American
League Cy Young Award.

Cone, 16-5 with a 2.94 earned-run average for the Kansas City Royals, won the
award despite not leading the league in any pitching category. Key, 17-4 with a
3.27 ERA for the New York Yankees, led the majors in wins.

Cone received 15 of 28 first-place votes and finished with 108 points in
balloting by the Baseball Writers' Association of America. Key got 10
first-place votes and 96 points.

''I thought either one of us would've made a deserving winner,'' Cone said from
New York during a conference call. ''My first instinct is to feel this might be
a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.

''I don't want to demean the award because of the strike. But when you look at
the award, you're going to think about the despair of 1994.''

Randy Johnson, 13-6 with a 3.19 ERA and a major league-leading 204 strikeouts
for Seattle, received two first-place votes and finished third with 24 points.
Mike Mussina, 16-5 with a 3.06 ERA for Baltimore, got one first-place vote and
was fourth with 23 points.

Greg Maddux won his record third straight National League Cy Young with a
unanimous victory Monday. The AL most valuable player is to be announced today.

''We're friends, and I'm overjoyed for him,'' Key said on a conference call,
also from New York.

''It'd be nice to win one. But I don't put that much value in these things. It's
not a goal of mine.

''It is the Cy Young, but I still think it's going to be tarnished in some
people's eyes and there probably will be an asterisk next to it in the so-called
record books. He was voted the best pitcher for those number of games.''

Cone struck out 132 in 23 games before the players' strike started Aug. 12. Key
fanned 97 in 24 games.


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo: Cone

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1994 Financial Post Ltd.


                              736 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                            April 25, 2013 Thursday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

ONLINE BULLYING INTENSIFIES THE HORROR

BYLINE: JOHN ROMANO

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 550 words


The story begins horribly enough, with the accusation of a teenage rape.

From there, the implications are enormous:

Lives interrupted and families torn apart. Innocence shattered and scars unseen.

And, yet, as we have reluctantly learned, there is a twisted temptation in an
Internet-is-everywhere society to take a heartbreaking saga and make it
exponentially worse.

By now, you may have heard of the Tarpon Springs High School sophomore charged
with the sexual battery of a physically incapacitated girl at an underage
drinking party.

Just to be clear, this is not an indictment or a defense of the student accused.

Rather, this is a lament of the cruel treatment too many rape victims routinely
face.

Within days of when the incident was alleged, friends of the accused took to
social media to insult, bully and demean a 15-year-old girl. What was portrayed
as a defense of the accused looked instead like a vicious attack of the accuser.

"I really don't think kids understand the impact of what they're doing," said
Dr. Tammy Zacchilli, an assistant psychology professor at Saint Leo University,
who has studied cyberbullying. "The Internet has been a part of their lives
forever, and so they tend to treat it like it's no big deal. It starts with one
person, and all of the sudden their friends join in. It's easy to do when hiding
behind a computer.

"It's a scary time to be a kid. They've found all these ways to harm each
other."

Trust me, this is not an overreaction or an isolated case.

A month ago, we saw the conviction of two high school football players in
Steubenville, Ohio, who sexually assaulted a girl who had gotten drunk at a
party. Students at the school were sharing photos of the victim passed out on
the floor.

Two weeks ago, a 17-year-old girl in Nova Scotia committed suicide after her
parents say she was relentlessly bullied online following a sexual assault by
four boys.

Last week, three California boys were charged in the sexual assault of a
15-year-old girl who had passed out at a party. The girl committed suicide days
after the attack when she discovered a photo of the incident had been circulated
online.

Last week, a lawsuit was filed in Michigan by a teenager who said her principal
encouraged her not to pursue assault charges against a star basketball player.
She withdrew from the school because of cyberbullying, and the player was later
charged with assaulting another student.

The typical rationale in this type of cyberbullying is that the victim is lying
about the assault or is somehow responsible for the attack. Studies show this is
nonsense.

The number of false accusations is a tiny fraction compared to the number of
cases that go unreported. And that reality makes this trend far more
heartbreaking than most of us realize.

Every time a girl is bullied online after a sexual assault, how many potential
victims learn it is better to stay silent for fear of being victimized a second
time?

This has to be addressed. It has to be stopped.

Taking advantage of an intoxicated person is not sex. It is rape. There are no
gray areas involved. And attacking an accuser online is not being loyal. It is
sick. And standing silently by is not good enough.

The shaming of a rape victim is not a singular event.

When we allow it to happen, it shames us all.

- jromano@tampabay.com

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2013 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              737 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                           December 6, 2012 Thursday

Cuba crackdown on 'vulgar' reggaeton music

BYLINE: Giles Tremlettguardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 507 words

ABSTRACT

Country to outlaw musical styles that threaten its traditional musical culture
and project women as 'grotesque sexual objects'

FULL TEXT

It is a hip-thrusting mix of hip-hop, reggae and Latin beats, but for officials
in Cuba the increasingly popular reggaeton is a threat to proper music and the
purveyor of a cheap, aggressive sexuality that demeans the revolutionary
island's "sensual" women.

A crackdown on reggaeton and other unnamed musical styles that are threatening
the revolutionary country's traditional musical culture will see artists
punished and those who programme it fined, according to Cuban Music Institute
boss Orlando Vistel Columbié.

"We are not just talking about reggaeton. There is vulgarity, banality and
mediocrity in other forms of music too," Vistel told the official Granma
newspaper. "But it is also true that reggaeton is the most notorious."

"On the one hand there are aggressive, sexually obscene lyrics that deform the
innate sensuality of the Cuban woman, projecting them as grotesque sexual
objects," he added. "And all that is backed by the poorest quality music."

On an island where music and dance are an essential part of everyday culture -
and where the country's youth increasingly sets aside the more traditional son
or salsa to listen to reggaeton, the move looked likely to provoke anger.

Musicians who play reggaeton are threatened with being struck off official
lists, making it harder for them to work, and recordings are already being
purged from official catalogues. Radio and television stations are also under
pressure to drop reggaeton - though Cubans can still turn their dials to radio
stations in nearby Miami or elsewhere.

"Measures that have been adopted range from professional disqualification of
those who violate ethics in their work to the levying of severe sanctions
against those who from official institutions encourage or permit these
practices," said Vistel. "We are in the process of purging music catalogues with
the aim of eradicating practises that, in their content, stray from the
legitimacy of Cuban popular culture."

A new law should soon spell out what kind of music can be played in public
places on the island, he added.

Reggaeton spread across Latin America and into hispanic communities in New York
and the United States after emerging from Panama in the 1980s - where the
descendants of Jamaican immigrants mixed reggae in Spanish with hip-hop.

"Obviously everybody is free to listen to the music they want in private, but
that freedom does not include a right to broadcast it in state or private
restaurants and cafes, in buses or in public spaces," Vistel said. "We are
talking about pseudoartistic work that has nothing to do with our cultural
policies or the ethics of our society."

Vistel denied, however, that traditional music was under threat. "From son and
salsa, to jazz and rumba, and on to symphony and chamber music, we have many
musicians, a good number of whom are internationally acclaimed," he said. "That
is the truth about Cuban music and musicians."

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Guardian Unlimited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              738 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               March 25, 1998, Wednesday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

NORTHERN ILLINOIS STUDENT FILES SUIT AGAIN TROUBLED FRATERNITY OVER BEATINGS

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: METRO, Pg. B4

LENGTH: 114 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


A Northern Illinois University student alleges that members of an already
troubled national fraternity inflicted beatings that left him with a bruised
kidney, a concussion and cigarette burns in hazing rituals on the DeKalb campus.

Donald Edwards of Chicago, a junior at Northern Illinois University, seeks at
least $ 150,000 in damages from Kappa Alpha Psi. In a federal suit, he also says
the fraternity extorted money from pledges and encouraged members to haze and
demean the pledges.

In 1996, Kappa Alpha Psi reached a $ 2.25 million settlement with the family of
a college student killed in fraternity hazing at Southeast Missouri State
University in Cape Girardeau.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              739 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 25, 2000, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

THE 2000 CAMPAIGN;
Lieberman Revisits Faith's Role in U.S.

BYLINE: By RICHARD PEREZ-PENA

SECTION: Section A; Page 24; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 268 words

DATELINE: SOUTH BEND, Ind., Oct. 24


Returning to one of his most cherished and provocative themes, Senator Joseph I.
Lieberman called today for a greater role for religion in public discourse, as a
source of shared moral principles and an antidote to "the vacuum of values" in
American culture.

Lamenting that it has become unacceptable in many circles to discuss religion,
Mr. Lieberman, the Democratic nominee for vice president, said in a speech at
the University of Notre Dame that "we have gone a long way toward dislodging our
values from their natural source in moral truth."

"Without the connection to a higher law," he said, "it becomes more and more
difficult for people to answer the important day-to-day questions that test us:
Why is it wrong to lie or cheat or steal? Why is it wrong to settle conflicts
with violence? Why is it wrong to be unfaithful to one's spouse, or to exploit
children, or to despoil the environment, or defraud a customer, or demean an
employee?"

Mr. Lieberman, the first Jew on a major party's national ticket, spoke before
600 students and faculty members inside the Roman Catholic university's
Washington Hall, making the same points he has for years, most recently in
August in a speech that was the talk of the nation.

Mr. Lieberman has said that no particular political positions arise out of his
faith, but lately, he has said that belief in God should give rise to a belief
in protecting the environment, and caring for children and the elderly. Today,
he said that religion provides a common ground for values -- nonviolence,
respect for others -- that few would find objectionable.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              740 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                     February 19, 1998 Thursday 2D EDITION

High school students gather for anti-racism conference

BYLINE: By Sheba R. Wheeler, Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-03

LENGTH: 466 words


More than 1,000 high school students from across the country converged on Denver
Wednesday for a four-day conference designed to carry them beyond their elders'
racial fears and intolerance.

Opening ceremonies for Colorado's first National Diversity Conference for Youth
were Wednesday evening at the Adam's Mark Hotel in Downtown Denver.

Youths and their sponsors from over 100 youth organizations, schools and
churches both state- and nationwide were gathered to break down stereotypes
during the conference, titled "Lines that Divide, Ties that Bind."

During Wednesday evening's keynote address by youth motivational speaker Ayinde
Jean-Baptiste, 15, young people were encouraged to leave their mark, to make the
world a better place than how they found it.

Jean-Baptiste said racial slurs would hurt but not lessen him "because I am so
steeped in the history and accomplishments of my (African-American) people that
no such comments could demean me."

"That's what I'm asking each of you to do - to be educated and proud of who you
are," he added. "    The divisions that exist in and among our communities are
man-made. Your education must begin in your homes and be spread into our schools
and communities."

The conference, sponsored by Cherry Creek Schools, Denver Public Schools and the
National Conference (of Christians and Jews), is an outgrowth of state youth
diversity conferences hosted for the past four years by Cherry Creek High
School.

"People should be very upset (about racism and discrimination) because it is an
offense to everybody," said Natasha Kerr, 17, an East High School senior. "It's
important for youth to unite and talk about the racism and the discrimination
they experience and to learn how to fight it."

East High sophomore Taurean Peterson, 15, ticked off his picks of the more than
70 workshops he wants to attend during the conference, which runs through
Saturday. Peterson's choices include a presentation by Colorado's Carlotta
LaNier, one of nine black students who integrated Central High School in Little
Rock, Ark.

Discussion sessions and topics are split into tracks, including those for
students to examine their own identities and feelings about others, and to gain
leadership skills to foster tolerance in their families, schools and
communities. Adult sponsors will have training workshops for teaching in a
multicultural classroom and strategies for addressing harassment, communication
and conflict resolution.

Keynote addresses will be given by actor Edward James Olmos, ex-gang member
Richard Santana, National Conference of Christian and Jews President Sanford
Cloud Jr. and Paraplegic Olympic medal winner Cheri Becerra.

This evening, the conference will host the premiere of Spike Lee's HBO special
"Four Little Girls."

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1998 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              741 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 14, 1997, Friday, Late Edition - Final

FILM IN REVIEW

BYLINE: By STEPHEN HOLDEN

SECTION: Section E; Part 1; Page 33; Column 1; Movies, Performing Arts/Weekend
Desk

LENGTH: 406 words



'Slaves to the Underground'
Directed by Kristine Peterson
94 minutes

If you're an aspiring rebel in comfy post-grunge Seattle, what is there left to
get fired up about? Well, there's Microsoft, the corporate giant that lures
smart young people into forsaking their bohemian ways to become well-salaried
drones on its sprawling campus. There's also right-wing talk radio and soft-core
pornography that demeans and objectifies women.

Those are about the only things that the characters in "Slaves to the
Underground," a sympathetic, documentary-style portrait of youthful discontent
in America's dreamiest big city can find to get exercised about. But when the
members of No Exit, an all-female punk band storm into a radio station, bind and
gag the bullying host of a talk show and pirate his air time, you feel a surge
of adrenaline.

And when Shelly (Molly Gross), the band's sexually ambivalent guitarist,
delivers a scathing analysis of her parents' favorite movie, "The Graduate,"
dismissing its hero as a creepy, unlovable stalker, you see her point.

"Slaves to the Underground," directed by Kristine Peterson from a screenplay by
Bill Cody, is a brave and refreshing little movie in a number of ways. Its
youthful characters are genuinely confused people flailing about in
relationships whose turbulence feels uncomfortably real. For all their vaunted
sophistication, they seem terribly young, vulnerable, and not fully formed: in
other words, true-to-life.

Although Shelly is having a passionate lesbian affair with No Exit's lead singer
Suzy (Marisa Ryan), a scarily angry feminist who looks for excuses to beat men
up, Shelly leaves her lover to return to her gentle ex-boyfriend Jimmy (Jason
Bortz), who publishes his own little magazine. The breakup, which comes just as
No Exit is about to be given a recording contract, threatens the future of the
band.

If the movie, which opens today at the Quad Cinema, suffers from some awkward
plotting, its band of self-styled outsiders, most of whom deliver at least one
impromptu soul-searching soliloquy to the camera, are alive in all their gawky
floundering sincerity. And the performances, especially Ms. Ryan's ominous Suzy,
have a wonderfully lived-in spontaneity.

"Slaves to the Underground" is rated R (Under 17 requires accompanying parent or
adult guardian). It includes sexual situations and several scenes of nudity.
STEPHEN HOLDEN

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Discontent in Seattle: From left, Molly Gross, Marisa Ryan,
Claudia Rossi and Natacha Laferriere in "Slaves to the Underground." (First Look
Pictures)

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              742 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 24, 1982, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Even London Has No Better Cabs

SECTION: Section 1; Page 22, Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 378 words


To the Editor:

No one mourns the passing of the Checker taxicabs (news story July 13) more than
the thousands of New York City medallion taxi ownerdrivers who utilized this
fine piece of equipment during more than a half-century of its manufacture and
sale.

Checker's demise is not the fault of its purchasers but, rather, the outgrowth
of serious economic problems afflicting the entire American automotive industry.
Our organization, in fact, does everything within its power to encourage
membership purchase of American-made taxicabs.

You write of the need for ''minimum dimensions'' of taxicabs. Not only do such
standards already exist, they are rigorously followed.  In fact, taxicab
passenger standards of comfort are far more suitable for the aver-age American
physique than the highly-touted Hino and Grumman buses.

As for the physical conditions of taxicabs which you so callously demean, we are
required by Federal and city officials to undergo strict emission and safety
inspections not annually but four times each year! I can say without fear of
contradiction that the safest vehicles on New York City streets - both from a
mechanical and a pollution standpoint - are New York City medallion taxicabs and
we have the records to prove it.

You also seem to forget, or not care, or both, that the taxi driver spends more
time in the vehicle than all his/ her passengers combined. Of course comfort is
important to us. We would love to have a big, wide, smooth-riding vehicle which
gets 30-40 miles per gallon, needs no repair and sells for $5,000. If you
discover any like that, I'm sure I could quickly round up four or five thousand
owner-driver purchasers.

When are you going to stop dumping on the Taxi and Limousine Commission (an
agency which, by the way, your newspaper pushed Mayor Lindsay to create) and
understand that its many restrictive rules and regulations make our city's
medallion taxi industry the most stringently controlled in the world bar none -
and that includes London, England!

We do an excellent job of serving the public despite extreme handicaps and your
pointless needling. Would that other New York services functioned as well as we
do.
HOWARD FOGEL, President, Independent Taxi Owners Council, Bronx, July 14, 1982

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              743 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   October 23, 1991, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Braves win in 12 innings

BYLINE: Rod Beaton

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 137 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA


The Atlanta Braves, who like to boast they play best with their backs to the
wall, won Game 3 of the World Series Tuesday 5-4.

The 12th-inning victory puts the Braves back in the running and shrinks the
Minnesota Twins' lead to one game.

Game 4 is tonight in Atlanta, hosting its first World Series. Jack Morris starts
for the Twins, John Smoltz for Atlanta.

The longest World Series game in 14 years ended when Mark Lemke singled, sending
David Justice sliding home.

''I still haven't figured out what happened,'' Lemke said. ''That's gotta be the
biggest hit of my career.''

Atlanta's devotion to the Braves has not been diminished by the slow start, with
fans chanting and doing the tomahawk chop.

But about 30 Native Americans continued to protest the chop, which they say
demeans their history and culture.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; color, Stephen Lefkovits, USA TODAY

CUTLINE: SAFE AT HOME: Greg Olson scores, Twins' Junior Ortiz fields.

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.


                              744 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      May 6, 1997, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Oh, grow up

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 367 words


Indulgence #1. Let's say you are a certain student at the
University of Colorado at Boulder. This means you have urges,
including one to "party hearty." Yep, that's what college is
for: To use nouns as verbs and to indulge every desire, party-wise.


Or so it seems in Boulder, where last weekend hundreds of students
rioted for two nights. Dozens were injured, dozens arrested. Why?
The police put out a bonfire. "The students felt threatened,"
said one student of efforts to control the after-hours mayhem.
Said another: "They feel they've been put down to second-class
citizens."

"There is a college experience that includes partying," said
Boulder Police Chief Tom Kolby "and (some students feel) they
are entitled to that experience."

Only a fraction of UC's student body agrees that attempts to enforce
public laws demean students, or that when confronted by a phalanx
of police, the correct response is to form a phalanx of your own.
But there are a few -- a preposterous few -- whose urges include
the one to act like beer-soaked idiots. Welcome to Animal House.

Indulgence #2. Let's say you are a male Kennedy in Boston
or Hyannis Port or wherever. This means you have urges, including
one to sleep with, well -- whoever. Latest scandal: charges that
39-year-old Michael Kennedy had a long-running affair with the
baby sitter for his three children, beginning when the girl was
14.

Can you say sta-tu-tor-y? Not brother Joe: "It's a big family,"
he observed, "and you have little problems along the way." That's
kind of like the leader of Heaven's Gate saying: "It's a big
cult. You're bound to have a few delusionals in the back pew."

Joe allowed that "this one might not be such a little (problem)
for everybody." Like the girl? More likely, Joe himself. Mike
was managing Joe's 1998 gubernatorial campaign.

For the Kennedys, of course, a "little problem" is relative.
Is this bigger than Cousin Willie's rape charge? Or Chappaquiddick
for senator Ted? Or president Jack's philandering? Or . . . oh,
you get the point. You are a male Kennedy. You have urges, including
one to act like a sex-obsessed fool. Michael. Welcome to the clan.

LOAD-DATE: May 06, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              745 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           October 11, 2006 Wednesday

Sports briefs

LENGTH: 492 words


College athletics

SCHOOL CHANGING LOGO: The feathers are flying at the College of William & Mary,
right off the school's athletic logo.

In response to a ruling by the NCAA that called the imagery offensive to Native
Americans, the school said Tuesday it plans to phase out the use of two Indian
feathers.

In a letter to the Williamsburg school's community, college president Gene R.
Nichol lashed out about the NCAA's sanctions that ultimately forced the school
to stop using the green and gold logo it has had since the late 1970s.

"I am compelled to say, at the outset, how powerfully ironic it is for the
College of William & Mary to face sanction for athletic transgression at the
hands of the NCAA," Nichol wrote. "The Association has applied its mascot
standards in ways so patently inconsistent and arbitrary as to demean the entire
undertaking."

In August, the NCAA denied William & Mary's appeal of a ruling that prohibits it
from using the logo at NCAA championship events or from hosting NCAA tournament
games where the logo would be displayed. The school was allowed to continue
using its Tribe nickname.

CAUSE OF DEATH REVEALED: Toledo center Haris Charalambous died during
conditioning because a blood vessel to his heart ruptured, according to
preliminary autopsy results released Tuesday. The rupture of Charalambous'
aortic arch on Monday caused blood to fill the sac around his heart and stopped
it from beating, said Dr. James Patrick, Lucas County coroner. Such a rupture is
a well-known cause of sudden death, Patrick said. Several weeks of further
testing is needed to determine why the rupture occurred.

"Even though the emergency response -- what our trainers did was great -- once
the heart can't pump blood because of pressure around it, there's just not a
very good likelihood that he is going to live," said Dr. Roger Kruse, team
physician. Auto racing

JOHNSON STILL ANGRY: Here's one thing race fans won't see any time soon: Jimmie
Johnson and Brian Vickers buddying up at the track, or anywhere else.

Johnson's anger toward his teammate and friend had not subsided Tuesday, two
days after Vickers wrecked Johnson and Dale Earnhardt Jr. on the final lap at
Talladega Superspeedway.

Johnson spent the bulk of his weekly conference call avoiding even mentioning
Vickers' name, finally unloading on his teammate about 20 minutes in when asked
if the two had spoken.

"I got a message from him, but that was about it," Johnson said. "I don't have
much to say or much to talk to him about."

Asked if their relationship had changed, Johnson said he wasn't sure because it
had only been two days since the incident.

"I have a hard time feeling he was really sorry for what he's done," Johnson
said. "At the same time I know it wasn't intentional so I just kind of go on,
(but) if I look at the interviews and the quotes and the message that Brian left
me, I wouldn't take it as an apology by any stretch of the imagination. That's
where I am at."

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              746 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  November 11, 1998, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

A Hollywood hooray for the high school years

BYLINE: Josh Chetwynd

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 833 words


In a recent survey, 68% of teen-agers said they had been to
a movie in the last week. While that statistic from the Artists'
Rights Foundation and the Institute for Civil Society makes Hollywood
drool, the difficult question studios must figure out is what
will teens want to see on any given weekend.

"The teen audience is not homogeneous in its taste," says
Tom Rothman, president of worldwide production at 20th Century
Fox. "It demeans teen-agers to say they will just go to an action
film or slasher movie. . . . They discriminate better than many
other (moviegoers)."


USA TODAY's Josh Chetwynd details some of the varied
pictures about high-schoolers that Hollywood is betting on in
coming months:

* Romantic comedies

Due in January, Miramax Films' She's All That will be one
of the first slasher-less salvos. The movie, with an ensemble
cast that includes Freddie Prinze Jr. (I Know What You Did
Last Summer) and Anna Paquin (The Piano), is about
the popular guy in high school, who, on a bet, attempts to transform
an introverted artist into the prom queen.

In late summer, 20th Century Fox will release Next to
You with Melissa Joan Hart (Sabrina, the Teenage Witch).
It focuses on a girl and a guy who grew up as next-door neighbors
but find themselves in different social groups when they enter
high school. Despite their clique differences, they're drawn to
each other.

Fox sister label Fox 2000 has Never Been Kissed starring
Drew Barrymore as a homely twentysomething newspaper copy editor
whose first article assignment is to pretend to be a high-schooler
and write on how kids are today. Although she had a miserable
high school experience, she goes back determined to be popular.
The film is due in the spring.

* Sex romps

East Great Falls High from Universal Pictures is shooting
to be Fast Times At Ridgemont High meets Porky's.
The film, which features, among others, Slums of Beverly Hills'
Natasha Lyonne and Rookie of the Year's Thomas Ian Nichols,
is about a group of friends at the end of their senior year who
make a pact to lose their virginity by prom night. Unlike most
of its competitors, this film, which is due in theaters in the
spring, is gunning for an R-rating.

* Teen period pieces

New Line Cinema's Detroit Rock City follows a bunch of
1978 teens from suburban Detroit who are desperately trying to
get to a Kiss concert in the city. The ensemble pictures includes
Edward Furlong (American History X) in the cast and is
slated for a late summer release.

On the high end of the high school films is Liberty Heights
from Warner Bros. The fourth in a series from director Barry Levinson
(along with Diner, Tin Men and Avalon), it
centers on a group of teens growing up in Baltimore in the 1950s.
This one also has adult appeal.

* MTV's teen films

Looking to bolster its reputation as being at the vanguard of
teen culture, MTV has three films planned for 1999 (all to be
released by Paramount Pictures) that focus on high school days:

Varsity Blues, starring Dawson's Creek's James Van
Der Beek, centers on a small Texas town where high school football
is king. The picture focuses on the travails of five prep football
players as they approach the end of a perfect season. The
edgy January release will have an R-rating.

In a return to the genre for an icon of 1980s teen comedies, Matthew
Broderick of Ferris Bueller's Day Off fame plays a student
government adviser who decides to sabotage the high school election
campaign of an over-achieving student (Reese Witherspoon) in
Election.

Taking a Stand By Me flashback approach to the urban high
school experience, The Wood is a comedy about three twentysomething
friends who reminisce about growing up in Inglewood, Calif. Omar
Epps (Higher Learning), Taye Diggs (How Stella Got Her
Groove Back) and Richard T. Jones (Renaissance Man)
star.

* Action

Based on the 1968-1973 series, MGM's The Mod Squad has
Claire Danes (William Shakespeare's Romeo + Juliet), Epps
and Giovanni Ribisi (Saving Private Ryan) as teen crime
fighters trying to break a teen-age prostitution ring. The new
squad will hit theaters in March.

* Literary updates

Disney is bringing William Shakespeare's The Taming of the
Shrew to high school in Ten Things I Hate About You.
Newcomers Heath Ledger and Julia Stiles star in this spring release.

A modern-day version of Choderlos De Laclos' 18th century novel
Les Liaisons Dangereuses (Dangerous Liaisons), Cruel
Intentions has Buffy the Vampire Slayer's Sarah Michelle
Gellar, Reese Witherspoon and 54's Ryan Phillippe as wealthy,
manipulative and extremely bored teens who wreak havoc on their
upper-crust prep school. The Columbia Pictures project is set
for March 5 release.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: EAR PHOTO, Color, Columbia/TriStar Pictures; PHOTO, Color, Suzanne
Hanover; PHOTO, Color, Melissa Moseley, Columbia TriStar Pictures; PHOTO, Color,
Merrick Morton; Back to school: In 'Never Been Kissed,' Drew Barrymore stars as
an unattractive journalist whose first assignment is to go back to high school
and pretend to be a student. 'Cruel Intentions': Reese Witherspoon and Ryan
Phillippe star in a reworking of 'Les Liaisons Dangereuses' set in a prep
school. Pete, Julie and Linc: Giovanni Ribisi, Claire Danes and Omar Epps star
in 'The Mod Squad,' based on the 30-year-old hit TV series.

TYPE: MOVIES

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              747 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 27, 1994, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Aunt Jemima Is Least of U.S. Blacks' Worries

SECTION: Section A;  Page 28;  Column 4;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 259 words


To the Editor:

Re "Aunt Jemima Gets a Makeover" by Brent Staples (Editorial Notebook, Oct. 19):
It amazes me how some African-Americans misplace their ire on racial inequality
issues and perceptions of inferiority. As an African-born American, I cannot
comprehend how the picture of a black man on a box of rice demeans my sense of
being or harms my status and capability in the society.

I do not intend to disregard factual incidents of racism. Neither am I ignorant
of history. The reality is that a black child born in America today has a lower
life expectancy than a Bangladeshi similarly born. As the father of a
10-year-old son, I am bothered by that a lot. Insofar as the same oddity does
not apply to a Caucasian born in America, I am perplexed at this inequality.

Furthermore, within the course of his lower life expectancy, we are told, the
African child born in America may very likely not earn as much as his Caucasian
colleague, and he is more likely to be killed as a result of a criminal act
perpetrated by a member of his race.

It seems to me that the issue that impacts the dignity, survival and prosperity
of an African-American is more a matter of equal opportunity in the areas of
academic excellence and economic well-being than it is of whether an Uncle Ben
or a Betty Crocker adorns the package of a food item or a household product. Ken
Smikle, the publisher of Target Market News, should get a grip on the real
issues that confront African-Americans in today's America.

KINGSLEY SOSOO
Brooklyn, Oct. 20, 1994

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              748 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  August 5, 1996, Monday, Late Edition - Final

TV SPORTS;
Not All (Women's) Sports Created Equal on NBC

BYLINE: By Richard Sandomir

SECTION: Section C;  Page 7;  Column 1;  Sports Desk

LENGTH: 898 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA


On Friday night, 10 minutes of synchronized swimming. On Saturday night, 19
minutes of the taped rhythmic gymnastics semifinals. Was NBC thinking: "More
time for John Tesh! Hot diggity!" Over on synchronized swimming, Don Criqui
executed a brilliant deadpan -- displaying his Super Bowl game voice -- while
calling something that can only remotely be called an Olympic sport.

This is not designed to demean rhythmic gymnastics or synchronized swimming.
These athletes work grueling, long hours and deserve our respect. But neither
sport is making the public Geiger counter crackle as women's soccer and softball
are. At their Olympic venues, the excitement was overwhelming and no one had to
worry that anyone would do a goose-stepping tribute to the Holocaust, as the
French synchro team had once planned.

It's hard to imagine a narrower focus than NBC gave to these sports. NBC had a
script and did not deviate. It aired a short, taped highlight package when the
United States women became softball champions -- while NBC was showing a
meaningless gymnastics gala that featured the American pixies writhing to
"Y.M.C.A.," which the Yankee Stadium groundskeepers perform better. It showed
the final minute of injury time of the United States soccer game -- slipping it
in after spending about 17 minutes with another soporific Dream Team game.

Not just unfair. Insulting. And contradictory to NBC's philosophy to rope in
female viewers. Has NBC secretly discovered that women draw the line at their
gender playing sweaty team sports that were once male preserves? Or is it just
Tesh?

"It was scandalous to ignore such a powerful historic moment," said John
MacAloon, an Olympic historian and anthropologist at the University of Chicago,
of the soccer game.

Sometimes, NBC's news judgment was lacking. When Kurt Angle won a gold medal in
freestyle wrestling, the network showed his victory ceremony in a tight close-up
of his face. That's NBC's jingoism. But the silver medalist, Abbas Jadidi of
Iran was the real story: angered by the decision, he was screaming at the
officials. NBC buried the lead!

Things will get better in four years. When NBC broadcasts the Sydney Summer
Games, CNBC and another cable channel will greatly augment NBC's coverage. No,
there will be no repeat of a the pay-per-view Triplecast from Barcelona, Spain,
a concept that looked better by the day here. Having multiple pay-per-view
channels devoted to individual sports makes sense by assuaging the
disenfranchised. Harebrained marketing and pricing, not the essential
programming, doomed the Triplecast four years ago.

Had options been available from Atlanta, viewers would have seen Carl Lewis live
as he won the long jump. Mary Carillo and Bud Collins might have got more than
90 seconds a night on tennis. Maybe more of Dwight Stones's reports from field
events might have been live. And maybe we could have seen three straight innings
of a ball game. Broadcasting these Olympics, as any, with so much happening at
once, is a game of difficult choices. What do you air live? What waits for
minutes or hours on tape? No one expected NBC to show everything live, but it
should have considered saying what was live and what was on tape, even if only a
minority of viewers cared. It's amusing to hear this published alibi from Dick
Ebersol, the president of NBC Sports: We never said we were live or taped. Silly
response. Golf announcers say what's on tape. So did ABC during its Olympic
reign. It's no sin.

Just an occasional verbal mention or graphic can help viewers who do not wish to
be ensnared in NBC's Swatch Time Warp. With so many events happening at once,
why not utilize a moving scoreboard at the bottom of the screen, as is done on
other sportscasts.

Philosophical differences aside, there was much to like about individual parts
of NBC's Olympics. Production work was often wonderful, whether NBC used its or
the world broadcaster's equipment, especially the camera that tracked along with
runners and gymnasts during vaults. And you can't say NBC's lenses missed
anyone's tears.

As the prime-time host, Costas raised his level nearly each night, excelling in
sarcastic asides, factual perspective, his rebuke of journalists who reported
assumptions that the Irish swimmer Michelle Smith had to be on drugs and
interviews with Jackie Joyner-Kersee, Michael Johnson and others.

The track and field crew acted smartly, except in some Time Warp moments, such
as when Hammond urgently announced Leroy Burrell's withdrawal from the 4x100
meter relay at about 8 P.M., when the news happened much earlier that day.

Regarding NBC's often worshipful features: having covered some sports with low
profiles, like wrestling and modern pentathlon, I can see how easy it is to spin
inspiring, tragic, even mushy tales, about athletes with compelling, gritty,
dramatic stories.

Yes, NBC lionized too much. Its omnipresent amber lighting conveyed false piety.
But when the network was terrific, it owned me. Forget about the mini-series on
Kerri Strug that could make even the lachrymose laugh. Witness features on the
steeplechaser Moses Kiptanui, the murdered wrestler Dave Schultz, female Chinese
athletes and the sad reunion of the marathoners, Kenny Moore and Mamo Wolde, who
is in an Ethiopian jail.

Now, on to Syndey -- where NBC will probably do everything it did in Atlanta.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The U.S. women won a historic gold medal in soccer but hardly
any of that final match was seen. (Agence France-Presse)

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              749 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Albany Herald, Ga.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

Georgia redevelopment experts lead Albany panel discussion

BYLINE: Carlton Fletcher, The Albany Herald, Ga.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 633 words


Sept. 24--ALBANY -- An air of optimism was pervasive in the downtown Government
Center Tuesday afternoon as a large crowd turned out for a panel discussion on
redeveloping and revitalizing historic downtowns.

The "Downtowns on the Rise" discussion, led by the Georgia Department of
Community Affairs' Billy Peppers, Heather Pendergast with the College Hill
Alliance of Macon, Uptown Columbus' Richard Bishop and interim Albany Downtown
Manager Sharlene Cannon, was part of Mayor Dorothy Hubbard's ongoing Coalition
for Economic Development series.

"Decades ago, downtown Albany was the center of activity in this community,"
Hubbard said in opening remarks. "Citizens here shopped, banked and socialized
downtown. This was our community's original destination location.

"Now, it's going to take a cocktail of elements to revive our downtown: vision,
determination, time and a coalition of citizens working together. We must be
careful, though. We cannot wish on the one hand for a better, more vibrant
downtown and then demean it with our words."

Peppers provided an overview of statewide downtown redevelopment projects, while
Pendergast focused on a specific neighborhood in Macon and Bishop the
revitalization of Columbus' uptown sector, specifically along the Chattahoochee
River.

"There are 530 cities in Georgia, and they represent a beautiful patchwork quilt
that makes us who we are," Peppers said. "When we come into one of those cities'
downtown, we experience community."

The DCA official said some $200 million in private investment had gone into the
redevelopment of Georgia cities in the past year, creating 3,800 new jobs. He
also noted that private investment in the state's cities represented $27 for
every $1 in public funding.

"We preach incremental progress," Peppers said. "Everyone knows how you eat an
elephant. You have an elephant in Albany, and you're going to have to feed a lot
of people, one bite at a time."

Pendergast offered a video showing the improvements to Macon's College Hill
neighborhood, which connected that city's Mercer University with its downtown
district. Almost $91.7 million in investment went into the project, which
created 121 new jobs.

"What you have to understand as you work to redevelop your downtown is that the
process is not just about projects and it's not just about money," Pendergast
said. "The process is about a whole lot of things, but it starts with the
people. You have to get feet on the street. That's how you create hope and
energy.

"We have a saying in the Alliance: 'First, best or only.' If it's not the first,
the best or the only one of its kind, we move on to the next idea."

Bishop, who showed a before/after video of Columbus' "30 years and change"
uptown revitalization process, said Albany officials cannot truly focus on
what's been done in Macon, Columbus or any other city.

"A project of this nature is not going to happen overnight," Bishop said. "You
have to realize that it's about a process. You have to have a process in place
if you want to move forward. Remember, always, this is a journey, not a
destination."

Cannon said the missing element to Albany's on-again, off-again redevelopment
was sitting in the auditorium.

"Look to your left and then look to your right," she said. "You'll see the
missing piece. It's us. We each have a part to play in this if we truly want to
revitalize our city.

"There are plenty of rumors floating around about redevelopment, but I can tell
you pretty soon you're going to see new stores, new faces and more people on the
streets downtown. There's a new excitement about redevelopment, and you're going
to see the change. When that occurs, our city will catch fire."

___ (c)2014 The Albany Herald, Ga. Visit The Albany Herald, Ga. at
www.albanyherald.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140924-1AH-Georgia-redevelopment-experts-lead-Albany-panel-discussion-0924-201
40924

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AH


                                 Copyright 2014


                              750 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                              March 2, 2012 Friday
                                 CITY-C Edition

Inquirer Editorial: College aspirations are good for everyone

SECTION: EDITORIAL; P-com Nav Inquirer Opinion; Pg. A30

LENGTH: 363 words



Rick Santorum sent the wrong message by suggesting it was elitist for President
Obama to wish every young American could go to college.

In between taking potshots at each other, the Republican presidential candidates
have made a sport of trying to demean their eventual November opponent. Newt
Gingrich even called Obama the "food-stamp president." But Santorum struck a
nerve among folks of all political persuasions when he called Obama a "snob" for
saying he "wants every American to go to college."

That irresponsible retort goes against the grain of what generations of parents
have told their children. Higher education has long been touted as the pathway
to a better future, and that doesn't mean spending four years at one of the
Ivies. Even one- and two-year programs post-high school can significantly
increase a person's income.

Santorum made his remark while pandering to blue-collar voters in the Michigan
primary, trying to captalize on his own working-class background and apparently
hoping his audience would ignore that he holds both a master's in business and a
law degree. His eldest daughter, Elizabeth, attends the University of Dallas.
Does he think she's a snob?

What Obama and other political leaders across the country are pushing is a
well-rounded education agenda that includes increasing the number of college
graduates to compete in a more highly skilled global workforce.

Mayor Nutter has issued a similar call, seeking to double the city's number of
college graduates in 10 years. Only 18 percent of city residents have college
degrees, ranking it 92d in the nation, behind Boston, Chicago, and Washington.
About 73,000 Philadelphians left college before earning a diploma.

The Obama plan places special emphasis on vocational training and
apprenticeships. He wants to invest $8 billion in the nation's community
colleges to prepare up to two million workers in the health-care,
transportation, and high-tech manufacturing fields.

The plan provides a blueprint to put more Americans in better-paying jobs and
reduce unemployment. A highly educated workforce earns more money, pays its
taxes, and consumes more goods. That's good for the entire nation.


LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              751 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, CA)

                             June 12, 2004 Saturday

Parcells' words demeaned us all

SECTION: TURN2

LENGTH: 790 words


I JUST wish other writers and NFL officials shared Monte Poole's ["It's not the
words spoken by Parcells, it's the meaning"] sense of outrage about coach
Parcells' comments.

When racial slurs are used, it demeans us all, not just the ethnic group that
happens to be the subject of the slur. I am just as offended by the comment as
if Parcells dropped an "N" bomb, and others should be, as well, regardless of
their ethnic make-up.

The only thing that makes this incident worse is the fact that the NFL took no
action ... no fine, no reprimand, not even a statement denouncing the comments.
Completely unsatisfactory.

Bernard Cooper

Sacramento

Another reasonto hate Boys SHAME ON ME for being lulled under the charisma of
Bill Parcells. As an ardent fan of the NFL, I actually found it to be a somewhat
stimulating story upon his return to the coaching ranks.

However, with his most recent comment about "Jap plays" -- as a reference to
surprise tactics on the gridiron -- find me one person, and only one, that can
justify this choice of words to describe football strategy in 2004. And "no
disrespect to the Orientals"? Please, at least identify your offended group
accurately. Sigh -- just one more new reason to hate the Cowboys.

Michael Utsumi

Dublin

Get over it,you crybabies! THE BILL Parcells thing is such a non-story -- but
then again, it is the slow season in football, not much going on. I am so sick
of oversensitive crybabies.

I bet half the coaches in the NFL could have said the same thing, and it would
not have even made the back pages. But since this was the Big D and the Tuna who
said it, it is an issue.

I am Polish; should I be upset when I hear "Pol"? I even think Polish jokes are
funny. I bet 95 percent of people don't care about this, but the 5 percent that
do yell and scream until they get their name or organization's name in the
paper.

Bill Lewandoski

Buffalo

Poole was righton the mark MONTE POOLE deserves kudos for his timely and
excellent column ["It's not the words spoken by Parcells, it's the meaning"].
Mr. Poole focuses on the ignorance and insensitivity of an unquestioned football
icon, which may well reflect same attitudes throughout our society.

Parcells' preface "no disrespect to the Orientals" is rejected as insulting and
condescending. Good job, Monte.

Katsuji Kobata

Hayward

Mr. Trump willsee you now LARRY Brown has demonstrated in Game 2 why he will
never win a NBA Final. Instead of admitting his mistake, and saying he had
learned from it, he has chosen to defend a bad decision. I think it's time for
Larry to have a talk with the Donald.

Henry Bennett Jr.

Manteca

Root for Giantsdespite Bonds ART SPANDER wrote Barry Bonds "a Bay Area kid ...
idolized by much of the local population." You gotta be kidding me! Even before
the BALCO shenanigans came to light, Bonds had established a solid reputation as
a loathsome cur to just about anyone who ever crossed his path.

Giant fans want their team to do well, so they're stuck rooting for this guy.
Local sportswriters obviously need access to Bonds, so I can appreciate why they
continue to write endless namby-pamby puff pieces defending Bonds against the
steroid allegations, his gratuitous elbow pads, his relationship with his
teammates, etc. But enough already!

Darryl Breeze

Oakland

Eric who?

ERIC Chavez breaking his hand was the best thing that ever happened to the A's
this year. After Chavez signed his new, big fat contract, the rest of team
always seemed to wait and expect the C-Man to carry the team.

But guess what? After his injury, the team has stepped up and shown its entire
potential by playing fired-up baseball. Let's hope they can keep it up the rest
of the year.

John Sorensen

Newark

A's: In first,lots of seconds TO ALL THOSE people who, at the beginning of the
year, thought that the Giants were better than the A's -- ha! Even without their
star third baseman, they are still in first place [before Friday's game]. Who
would have thought that they would go through three second basemen [Ellis,
McLemore and German] before finding a gem [Scutaro]?

Jose Mendoza

Castro Valley

Variety spiceof Finals life

I LIKE the differences in the two NBA conferences because it brings contrasting
styles together in a battle for a title -- much like the MLB with the DH in the
AL and the pitcher hitting in the NL.

Just be patient. The Lakers run is just about over, and it will be someone
else's turn. Don't be surprised if the next dynasty is an Eastern Conference
team. Perhaps Detroit?

Eric Denny

Fremont

Send your comments [50-75words] on the new Sports Spat or any topic in the
sports world to Turn2@angnewspapers.com. In clude full name and city.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2004 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers


                              752 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                          February 19, 2014 Wednesday

Buffer zones around abortion clinics threatened by Supreme Court challenge

BYLINE: By Howard Mintz Bay Area News Group

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1232 words


Every Friday morning, a small group gathers at the corner of Fourth and H
streets in San Rafael to protest abortion services provided by Planned
Parenthood.

"They do rosaries," Heather Estes, president and CEO of Planned Parenthood
Shasta Pacific, said of the protests in front of Planned Parenthood's office at
2 H St. "They don't deliberately set out to scare or demean our clients."

The protesters remain 10 to 15 feet from the office's entrance during the three
hours they typically spend there, Estes said.

The San Rafael office is just one of 21 in Northern California where Planned
Parenthood provides abortion services. Estes said it's a different story in the
San Francisco office, where, at Planned Parenthood's urging, the San Francisco
Board of Supervisors adopted an ordinance last year establishing a 25-foot
buffer zone around entrances and exits to abortion clinics.

"There are some very problematic protesters there, who really like to get in the
face of patients," Estes said.

Later this year, the U.S. Supreme Court will decide exactly how far government
can go to keep protesters away from clinic workers and patients. The court in
June is expected to rule on a challenge to a Massachusetts law that created a
35-foot buffer around clinics there. San Francisco, joined by 17 other cities,
filed arguments siding with Massachusetts in the case.

"We're all watching and waiting," said Jamie Blinn, of Tiburon, who, along with
her husband Matthew Blinn and their four children, helped organize a protest in
front of the Planned Parenthood office when it relocated from Mill Valley to San
Rafael in June 2013.

Blinn said the Massachusetts law "goes too far, to infringe on freedom of
speech."

"The reality of it is," Blinn said, "there are many women who are convinced by
people who are standing outside an abortion facility offering their prayers and
support. If it saves the life of one child, I think it is hard to say it isn't
worth the annoyance."

But abortion rights advocates and Planned Parenthood leadership say protesters
can be much more than a mere annoyance. They say violence and confrontations at
many clinics over the years justifies the need to create buffer zones between
patients and protesters and does not violate the First Amendment.

"We're concerned about the ability of patients to enter (our clinics) without
harassment or intimidation," said Lupe Rodriguez, spokeswoman for Planned
Parenthood Mar Monte, the Bay Area's largest chapter. "We do have a constant
presence of protesters, some more aggressive than others."

Estes said that four times a year abortion opponents stage their "40 Days for
Life," protest, which involves 24-hour vigils outside selected clinics for 40
days. In 2012, before Planned Parenthood relocated in Marin County, its Mill
Valley office was targeted by the protest.

Stacey Stein, who oversaw the Mill Valley location before becoming director of
the San Rafael office, said, "The protesters actually brought out a ton of
unsolicited donations and community support."

Ruth Ann Cawley, who participated in the 40 Days for Life vigil in Mill Valley
and who pickets outside the new San Rafael office, said protesters are also
subject to abuse from abortion rights advocates. Cawley said she and other Marin
protesters have been spat at, and had raw meat and obscenities hurled at them.

"During my time praying, I didn't see the need for a bubble law in Marin,"
Cawley said. "We never stood right in front of the door, but there are people
that will never be happy with pro-lifers praying or holding signs."

Through the years, California has had a series of cases, including a major
ruling from the state Supreme Court, permitting injunctions against protesters
because of safety and privacy concerns. Seven California cities   none in Marin
have local ordinances for the most part modeled after a 2000 U.S. Supreme Court
ruling that upheld a Colorado law requiring protesters to stay at least 8 feet
away from anyone who is within 100 feet of a clinic.

Beth Parker, statewide legal counsel for Planned Parenthood, worries that the
Supreme Court may make it harder to maintain boundaries between protesters and
patients if it invalidates the Massachusetts buffer zones. In fact, in oral
arguments last month, the justices appeared concerned that Massachusetts went
too far by interfering with protected free speech rights.

"I think it could reinvigorate the protesters," Parker said. "And you might see
more litigation."

California was among 13 states to back the Massachusetts law, arguing that
states need the flexibility to secure "safe and unimpeded access to reproductive
health care services."

Legal experts say Massachusetts may be on shaky ground because it so strictly
limited specific speech   abortion opposition   in a public setting. The
question, they say, is whether the Supreme Court might scale back its 2000
decision upholding Colorado's approach, which could hamper many local
regulations across the country. Experts, however, predict the justices are more
likely to opt for a more limited stance and conclude a 35-foot buffer zone is
simply too expansive, leaving it up to cities and states to craft narrower laws.

"I think it's going to be harder for states and cities to protect places like
abortion clinics and (people coming and going from them) from speech that they'd
probably like to avoid," said Alan Brownstein, a University of California at
Davis law professor.

Eugene Volokh, a University of California at Los Angeles law professor who
argues the Massachusetts law violates free speech rights, said the buffer zones
are meant in part to avoid "physical intrusion," and "35 feet is way beyond
that."

That's what worries protesters like 61-year-old David Zarri, who joins others
from Contra Costa County Catholic churches on Fridays outside the downtown
Concord Planned Parenthood clinic. Holding a rosary and a sign that reads,
"Blessed Mother, Please Stop Planned Parenthood," he argues that buffer zones
infringe on his First Amendment right to free speech, assembly and religious
expression.

"Where do you draw the line?" Zarri said. "Some say 35 feet. Some say 100.
What's to keep them from saying 1,000 feet?"

Zarri and other abortion foes, such as Phoebe Wise, a Los Altos woman who
attends the Mountain View vigils, admit some protesters go too far. But they say
they are unable to have even a quiet conversation with someone in the Planned
Parenthood parking lot.

"We would like to be able to speak to people," she said. "This way, right now,
we have to shout. It's not a good way to have a conversation."

Bay Area News Group staff writer Lisa White and Richard Halstead contributed to
this report.

ABORTION PROTEST LIMITS

Some cities and states have limited how close protesters can get to clinics that
do abortions and to their patients and staffers. Here are a few examples of the
regulations, now challenged in a U.S. Supreme Court case.

* San Jose   8-foot no-protester "bubble" around anyone within a 100-foot buffer
zone
* San Francisco   25-foot buffer around clinic entrances, exits, driveways
* Pittsburgh, Pa.   15-foot buffer at the entrance to any reproductive health
care facility where abortions take place
* Massachusetts   35-foot buffer zone between clinic and protesters
* Colorado   8-foot no-protester "bubble" around anyone within 100 feet of a
clinic
* Portland, Maine   39-foot buffer around clinics

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2014 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                              753 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Legal Ledger (St. Paul, MN)

                                December 3, 2009

Minn. Rep. Michele Bachmann among five GOP reps targeted by national PAC: Stand
Up America aims to beat "Republican provocateurs"

BYLINE: Betsy Sundquist

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 874  words


A political action committee formed by a group of Democratic operatives has
targeted a group of five "right-wing zealots" in the U.S. House whom they hope
to help defeat in the 2010 election, and Rep. Michele Bachmann, Minnesota's
congressional lightning rod, has made the cut.

"In recent years, our national discourse has become polluted with right-wing
Republican provocateurs whose goal is not to move our country forward, but to
demean and intimidate their political opponents," Aaron Ament, one of Stand Up
America PAC's founders, said in a statement announcing the group's formation.

Ament most recently worked as an online adviser to U.S. Sen. Hillary Clinton's
presidential team. The PAC's co-founder, Mark Longabaugh, has spearheaded some
of the most successful independent expenditure campaigns in the country, most
notably in helping the Defenders of Wildlife Action Fund defeat Rep. Marilyn
Musgrave, R-Colo., in 2008 and Rep. Richard Pombo, R-Calif., in 2006.

The Stand Up America PAC was formed in response to Rep. Joe Wilson's, R-S.C.,
outburst during President Barack Obama's speech to a joint session of Congress
in September, when Wilson shouted, "You lie!" as the president discussed health
care reform.

In addition to Bachmann and Wilson, the PAC is targeting three other Republican
members of Congress for defeat next year through the use of independent
expenditures: Rep. Eric Cantor of Virginia, Rep. Jean Schmidt of Ohio and Rep.
John Campbell of California.

The PAC began its anti-Bachmann campaign in earnest in late November, when it
launched a an online petition drive and a series of ads asking the congresswoman
to "take full responsibility for the illegal and disgraceful rally she
organized" last month on the steps of the U.S. Capitol.

The purpose of that event - which was organized by a handful of grassroots
organizations but led by Bachmann, who called it the "Super Bowl of Freedom" -
was to demonstrate opposition to the health care reform proposal currently
working its way through Congress. Thousands of conservative voters, including
several busloads from Minnesota, descended on the U.S. Capitol and swarmed House
office buildings, confronting lawmakers and voicing their displeasure with the
plan.

"Michele Bachmann's willingness to empower hooligans for partisan political
purposes is wrong and must stop," Ament said last week. "Bachmann's refusal to
take full responsibility for amplifying the most hateful voices in our country
means that we cannot expect her to rein in the disgraceful behavior that has
made her a national television star and one of the top recipients of far-right
cash. "

This week, the PAC drew attention to an interview with Bachmann published online
in the Christian Examiner, a publication that describes itself as "your source
for Christian news and events. "

In the interview, Bachmann is asked to assess Obama's performance.

"I think it is jaw-dropping when you think that under his watch, the federal
government has taken ownership or control of the private economy," Bachmann
said. "People know that something has really changed.

"The federal government now owns or controls 30 percent of the private economy.
Just over a year ago, you couldn't say that. Just over a year ago, 100 percent
of the private economy was private. Today, 30 percent is owned or controlled by
government. "

If the health care reform legislation passes, Bachmann predicted, "government
will control an additional 18 percent of the private economy, or 48 percent of
the private economy. At that point, we're no longer a free-market capitalist
system. "

"It really changes up what kind of country we are. And that's why I believe
President Obama, when he said that he wanted to transform America, he certainly
has succeeded in that goal. "

The PAC says the interview "illustrates just how unqualified [Bachmann] is to
provide leadership on the economy. "

"Perhaps the reason she focuses on generating media buzz rather than jobs is
because she has no comprehension of how to fix an economy that has been ruined
by the corporate interests that are so supportive of her career," the PAC
suggests, wondering if Bachmann believes her own "inanity. "

The online petition, reachable through a link on the Stand Up America PAC
website, reads this way:

"Dear Congresswoman Bachmann: Your radical rhetoric is poisoning the debate in
this country. Instead of honestly working on the issues that matter to the
American people, you are promoting extremism, even calling for a 'revolution'
against the Obama administration.

"It is outrageous, it is disgusting, and it is bad for America. Stop the
madness, quit the extremist rhetoric, and do the job your constituents sent you
to Washington to do. "

Several requests for comment from Bachmann, funneled through her Washington
press secretary, Dave Dziok, went unanswered.

Her congressional seat has been identified by more than one organization as one
of the most vulnerable in next year's elections. She won re-election to a second
term last year by a margin of 46 to 43 percent against Democratic challenger
Elwyn Tinklenberg.

So far, Bachmann has two prominent Democratic challengers: state Senate
Assistant Majority Leader Tarryl Clark, DFL-St. Cloud, and physician Maureen
Reed.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              754 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                           September 14, 2007 Friday

Ask Not for Whom The Recession Bell Tolls

BYLINE: DAN DORFMAN

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 853 words


The memory is so fresh, it's as though I received the e-mail yesterday. It was a
scathing reaction to an interview I did a year ago with the global economist
Nouriel Roubini, a darling of the bearish crowd whom some in the economic
fraternity call "Dr. Doom." "We could move into a recession in the next few
months," he told me.

In response, one of his economic brethren lambasted me, writing: "You demean
your column and look like a fool when you quote such an economic buffoon. A
recession in a few months is as likely as the end of the world."

Mr. Roubini, a professor of economics at New York University, turned out to be
dead wrong, but it may be that he was simply premature, what with the
frightening R-word now popping up with growing frequency. Rather than just a few
isolated voices predicting a recession, a chorus of such warnings has appeared
on Wall Street.

Earlier this week, the chief investment strategist of Wachovia Securities, Rod
Smyth, tossed in his two cents on the subject, warning clients that recent job
weakness, evident in August, will add to the housing industry's woes and raises
the chance of a recession to 50%.

A veteran investment adviser and editor of the Growth Stock Outlook newsletter
in Bethesda, Md., Charles Allmon, contends that a number of pivotal industries -
housing, autos, and select financial sectors - are already in a recession.

"It's only a matter of time before the rest of corporate America catches up," he
said. "No one has officially sounded the recession bell yet, but you don't need
a hearing aid because it's ringing pretty loudly."

Invariably, recession forecasters cite the housing slowdown as the chief
culprit. So what's next for housing, especially in light of President Bush's
recently announced plan to help bail out the floundering industry by making
Federal Housing Administration mortgages more attractive and available to
homeowners having trouble with their payments?

One meaningful clue may have come earlier this week from Home Depot, whose store
in the East Side of Manhattan has displayed the kind of activity you might
expect in the city morgue. The company said they don't envision any housing
improvement until late next year.

As for the president's plan to help revitalize housing, it's hardly viewed as a
cure-all, as it would help only about 80,000 borrowers , far short of the more
than 2 million homeowners at risk.

One of the first pros to alert investors to an impending housing calamity - and
who's now also hoisting a recession flag - was an analyst at Weiss Research in
Jupiter, Fla., Michael Larson. Nothing on the immediate horizon, he told me the
other day, will change the housing industry's poor fundamentals: slowing sales,
falling prices, bulging inventories, and tightening lending standards. He
figures it could take years to get rid of the swelling inventories of
single-family homes, which he notes are already off the charts at their current
level of 4.59 million. That's the highest in history and roughly double the
normal number - between 2 million and 2.5 million - of houses on the market.

Further documenting his bleak housing outlook, Mr. Larson cites what he regards
as some additional alarming statistics. In brief:

* Median home prices, as

measured by the National

Association of Realtors, have

dropped from year-earlier

levels for a record 12 months in

a row.

* Existing home sales have fallen

about 30% from their peak,

while new home sales have

declined by 37%.

Separately, he points out that Standard & Poor's and Case-Shiller are reporting
that home prices dropped 3.2% in the second quarter, the biggest such decline
since they started collecting data in 1987.

Taking note of the surging number of foreclosures on top of all of this, Mr.
Larson says you "no longer need a crystal ball to see that housing is in for a
rough patch." Factor in a slowing economy, falling job numbers, an erratic stock
market, and slumping consumer confidence, he adds, and "we could come
dangerously close to a recession."

As such, he sees the possibility of a second leg down for the market, one that
could send the Dow skidding another 600 or 700

points from current levels.

A related recession issue is the subprime mortgage mess. The bad debt number has
been widely estimated at only about 3% of the $1.3 trillion worth of subprime,
or less creditworthy, mortgages outstanding.

Money manager Leonard Mohr, a principal of Los Angeles-based MCR Associates,
questions the 3% estimate. "Who knows if it's only that?" he asks.

Pointing to the sizable number of q ues t i ona bl e subpr ime mortgages on
lenders' books and the substantial numbers of such loans that were bundled into
mortgage securities and sold to the public, Mr. Mohr contends that no one really
has a clue about how many more shoes might drop.

Meanwhile, come Wednesday, it's considered a foregone conclusion the that
Federal Reserve will cut the federal funds overnight lending rate, probably by
25 and maybe by 50 basis points. Whether that reduction, plus the likelihood of
others to follow, makes recession fears nonsensical, as some suggest, remains to
be seen.

dandordan@aol.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              755 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                               September 30, 2004

Harrington exhibits understanding of nuance

BYLINE: John O'Sullivan at Mount Juliet

SECTION: Sport; Golf; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 777 words


World Golf Championship: Padraig Harrington likes challenging people's
perceptions, enjoys taking a stance on an issue and doesn't shy away from
adopting non-populist views.

His declaration therefore that "the Ryder Cup is only an exhibition",
accompanied by a deadpan expression, enlivened what has been a muted preamble to
this WGC event.

The world ranked number eight golfer wasn't trying to demean the Ryder Cup;
rather, he was adopting a different interpretation of the word exhibition. The
connotation for most would be a free-wheeling, pressure-free scoot around the
golf course, where the outcome doesn't matter.

Harrington suggested: "At the end of the day the Ryder Cup is only an
exhibition. It was for its first 60 years. It's only in the last 10 years that
it has changed a little bit. I'm sure between the players it's an exhibition.
It's the highest exhibition of our sport. It showcases golf to non-golfers.

"The amount of people who have come up to me in the last week and a half who
watched the Ryder Cup, people who have no interest in golf, were aware of the
Ryder Cup. It's the best exhibition of our sport.

"Realistically, it's as good a showcase of golf as there can be."

When asked whether "showcase" would have offered a more appropriate description
of Ryder Cup fare, Harrington conceded: "Well, we all have pride. At the end of
the day it's a very sporting, friendly match. I suppose we have different
definitions of exhibitions. If I play an exhibition I'm going to give 100 per
cent anyway.

"But that's what it is. It's showcasing our sport. That's why we really do it.
Every two years it highlights golf as probably - I'd like to say the best sport
in the world - but events like that make it so."

The Dubliner, although a non-drinker, didn't shirk the post-Oakland Hills
celebration at Dickie O'Dowd's Irish pub in Birmingham, a suburb of Detroit,
where he was joined by his second cousin, the Detroit Lions quarterback Joey
Harrington. While he enjoyed the craic, he was also amused by some post-match
revelations on the internet, suggestions as to how the Americans could fare
better in 2006 at the K Club.

"It was about 10 things that (they) need to change, like the US need to have
Fiji and annex South Africa and things like that; Europe shouldn't be (allowed
to have) any players educated in the United States or those married to a US
woman; or a European living in the States can't play. I think they wanted to ban
anybody with dyed hair (from playing for Europe)."

The Ryder Cup hangover seems to have permeated the AmEx tournament, and not just
the media sound bites. Rather than igniting the tournament, it seems to have
cast a pall that will only lift when the action returns to the golf course
today.

Personnel defections, the grey, overcast skies and the absence of large
galleries dotted around the beautifully manicured parkland course tend to
camouflage the fact that 44 of the top 50 players in the world will tee it up
this morning.

Any ancillary matters won't dilute Harrington's desire for success this week.
Having previously been the touring professional attached to Mount Juliet, his
affinity for the golf course is understandable, but he's also keen to win a
tournament in Ireland.

He's conscious of the additional pressure brought about by playing on home soil,
but not cowed by the expectation of others.

"I was thinking about it the other day, trying to put it in context. Obviously a
world event is just below a major. I was trying to figure out would I prefer to
win an Irish Open or a world event in Ireland. Obviously I'd like to win a world
event because of the stature of the world thing, but I was wondering is there
more pressure as regards this or the Irish Open.

"The field is stronger here. My desire to win either of those two would be
similar. I'd be putting the same amount of pressure on myself. But there again,
I'm living with that and learning to deal with that through experience.

"It's very high on my priorities to win a world event, and it's probably even
higher on my priorities to win an event in Ireland. I would have them on an
equal footing as regards goals.

" I'd hate to go through my career without winning an Irish Open. Yeah, it would
certainly mean a few ticks off the goals if I could win a tournament in Ireland:
it would be better to win it here than anywhere else."

There would be a nice symmetry to the former touring professional at Mount
Juliet pitching up and securing his maiden Irish victory at the Kilkenny venue.

Given the quality of the field, it would have to be some exhibition of golf.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2004 The Irish Times


                              756 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                      August 4, 2002 Sunday, FINAL Edition

Journalists look at ethics of decisions

BYLINE: Jeannine Guttman

SECTION: INSIGHT; Editor's Note; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 1147 words



It could have been a case study from a journalism ethics seminar: A white male
candidate for governor uses a racial slur on a morning radio talk show.

The issue: The newspaper has taken a position of rarely, if ever, publishing
racial slurs. This policy stems from a desire to avoid casual repetition of
words etched in hate. A slur doesn't impart new knowledge or information. Its
sole purpose is to demean people because of their race, religion, gender or
sexual orientation. That rationale is explained in the newsroom policy manual.

The question: What to do? Should the newspaper print the slur, even though its
guidelines advise otherwise? Should it print the word because it was uttered by
a gubernatorial candidate? Can the slur be characterized, rather than repeated?
Will the context be clear to readers?

That real-life scenario was being played out in our newsroom July 26, one day
before a newsroom seminar on journalism ethics.

The Saturday seminar was led by two faculty members of the Poynter Institute, a
journalism training and educational center in St. Petersburg, Fla. At the
seminar, journalists were given a number of ethical quandaries to work through.

The instructors were Bob Steele, a nationally known expert on journalism ethics
and head of Poynter's ethics group, and Jill Geisler, director of the
institute's leadership group. The seminar drew about 65 journalists from Blethen
Maine Newspaper properties. Our newspaper was represented in force, along with
staffers from the Morning Sentinel in Waterville, the Kennebec Journal in
Augusta, MaineToday, our online newspaper, and the weekly Coastal Journal.

Steele, in developing principles for ethical decision-making, has written that
while the law tells journalists what they CAN do, ethics tells journalists what
they SHOULD do.

Should the racial slur be printed? Should local TV stations in Portland have
aired an autopsy photo of a man who died in Ocean Park, helping police identify
the man, but potentially traumatizing friends and family and other viewers?
Should a man molested by a priest - and later jailed himself for molesting a
child - be named by the newspaper, which has a policy against naming victims of
sexual assault?

These ethical questions - and scores of others - pop up routinely in newsrooms.
How journalists address those questions - and carefully analyze each situation -
is at the core of ethical decision-making. Steele has developed three guiding
principles to help journalists through that thicket. They are:

Seek truth and report it as fully as possible.

Act independently.

Minimize harm. This third principle doesn't say "do no harm," Steele noted.
"Journalism is by definition invasive and intrusive," he said. And sometimes,
that does bring harm. The goal is to minimize that impact.

Before embarking on an ethical decision, Steele advised the group to pose the
central question: "What is my journalistic purpose?" What is the journalistic
goal, for example, in printing the racial slur? In broadcasting the autopsy
photo? In naming the sexual assault victim?

Steele and the Poynter staff developed a number of other questions, all under
the heading "Doing Ethics." Journalists need to "ask good questions to make good
ethical decisions," the guidelines state. Among the other questions journalists
need to ask:

What do I know? What do I need to know?

How can I include other people, with different perspectives and diverse ideas,
in the decision-making process?

What are the possible consequences of my actions?

Taking a Saturday during the Maine summer to study ethics wouldn't top the list
of most people's favorite activities. But the journalists who attended found the
experience very worthwhile.

"I liked the chance to just remove yourself from the newsroom for a day and just
think about ethics," said Dan Dinsmore, assistant managing editor for sports of
the Press Herald/Telegram. "Ethics is something you deal with on a daily basis,"
but with the crush of deadlines and daily news, there is rarely time to examine
the mechanics of the decision-making process, he said.

"You just tackle it and you know in your heart it's the right thing. But to
stand back and hear what other people have to say, and how they view it, was a
very rewarding experience. It was insightful. . . . It will make us all better
journalists in the long run."

The Saturday session will help us improve our processes for ethical
decision-making. It underscored the importance of asking a lot of questions, of
taking the time - making the time, as Steele says - to analyze the impact of
stories. It reinforced the need to have diverse voices at the table - and to
listen. And it reminded us that there are no easy, clear-cut answers. Each
ethical situation holds many possible answers.

So what did we do with the story involving a racial slur? After much debate
among the editors, and two lengthy discussions where ideas were vetted, we
decided not to print the slur uttered by state Rep. John Michael, an independent
candidate for governor. Instead, we chose to characterize the word. We used the
"minimize harm" principle. Repeating the word, publishing it in 88,000-plus
newspapers, would have done more harm - unnecessarily. We reported that Michael
"used the racial slur considered most offensive to black people. . . ."

Did we make the right call? Were there other possible solutions? Yes - on both
counts. I think we did make the right call, but these are judgment issues.

"The challenge in ethical decision-making is to recognize and accept that there
can be multiple right answers, as well as wrong answers," Steele told me later.
"The principles that we use allow us to choose among, in most cases, several
justifiable - and therefore right - answers.

"For instance, if we put the greatest weight on revealing all the truth, as we
know it, we may publish a story that includes exceptionally graphic images,
epithets or the names of victims of sexual assault. If we, on the other hand,
place considerable emphasis on the principle of minimizing harm, we may withhold
some factual details, such as one extremely graphic photograph, or the exact
racial epithet or the names of the victims of sexual assault, while reporting
all the other details and the context.

"Both approaches, revealing full truth or withholding some details to minimize
harm, can be ethically justifiable."

Ethics, Steele said, "is very much about balancing. It's about balancing
interests, loyalties and principles. Good ethical decision-making is guided by
principles and is built upon a process. It doesn't make the decisions any
easier, but it does make them much better."

Jeannine Guttman is editor and vice president of the Portland Press Herald/Maine
Sunday Telegram.

Send e-mail to:
jguttman@pressherald.com or write to 390 Congress St., Portland, ME, 04101.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2002 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                              757 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 28, 1985, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

NASSAU JUDGE IS ADMONISHED FOR SERIES OF SEXIST REMARKS

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 29, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 431 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, July 27


A Nassau County District Court judge has been admonished by a state panel for a
series of sexist remarks about female lawyers, state officials said.

The panel, the State Commission on Judicial Conduct, said the judge, Warren
Doolittle, should receive the weakest of the three possible punishments because
his comments ''were not meant to offend or demean'' and were not heard by the
public. The panel's vote was 9 to 1, Admonishment amounts to a negative citation
on the judge's record and could be taken into consideration by a screening panel
should he seek another judicial office. The other possible punishments are
censure - a stronger slap on the wrist - and removal from office.

During Early 1980's

Judge Doolittle, who is 62 years old, made the remarks between 1980 and last
year, according to a statement of the facts in the case, said the commission's
administrator, Gerald Stern.

In one case, according to the statement, the judge told a lawyer that she was
his ''favorite little 'JAP,' '' or ''Jewish American Princess.'' In two other
cases, he referred to female lawyers as ''Kitten.'' And in another case, the
statement said, he told a woman in jest that because she had ''great legs,'' her
client would get only a 90-day sentence.

The commission's decision was made in June, but its findings were not made
public until this week. After the decision, the judge had 30 days to appeal the
decision but did not do so, Mr. Stern said.

The commission said Judge Doolittle had acknowledged his misconduct. The judge's
attorney, Irving Cohn, was out of his office this week and messages were not
returned.

Earns $70,000 a Year

Judge Doolittle earns $70,000 a year. His term expires at the end of 1988.  The
commission said Judge Doolittle has a reputation as ''an able and efficient
judge who is otherwise dignified and professional.''

But, the decision said of his remarks, ''A sensitized and enlightened society
has come to realize that such treatment is irrational and unjust and has
abandoned the teasing once tolerated and now considered demeaning and
offensive.''

Most of the female attorneys to whom Doolittle's remarks referred told the
commission they were not offended by the remarks, but others said they were
offended.

Commissioner Felice Shea dissented from the majority opinion in the case, urging
a more serious punishment, censure. ''Respondent's sexist and vulgar comments
give the message that women attorneys need not be treated professionally, and
the ability of those attorneys to serve their clients is thus compromised,'' she
wrote.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              758 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                      June 27, 2003 Friday Ontario Edition

Sodomy laws struck down

BYLINE: Tim Harper, Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 888 words

HIGHLIGHT:
Highest U.S. court says Texas statute unconstitutional Dissenter warns of
legalized marriage for homosexuals


Gay rights in the United States received their biggest boost in a generation
yesterday after the country's top court struck down a Texas law that made
homosexual sex illegal.

In its ruling released yesterday, the Supreme Court went further and rendered
obsolete anti-sodomy laws in the 13 remaining states that banned the sexual act,
whether it involved heterosexuals or homosexuals.

The 6-3 ruling was interpreted here as a major move toward removing the state
from the American bedroom and hauling antiquated sexual-conduct laws into the
21st century.

But in a blistering dissent, Justice Antonin Scalia said the decision raised the
spectre of legalizing "homosexual marriage, as has recently occurred in Canada."

For those who have seen only fitful progress on gay rights, yesterday's ruling
from a conservative court was a giant leap toward equal treatment, one they hope
is a precursor to a Massachusetts high court ruling on same-sex marriage.

For those who fought on the other side with equal vigour, it was a sign, they
said, of increasing moral degradation in the country where the courts have now
opened the door to incest or bestiality under the guise of the right to privacy.

The court ruled on the 1998 case of two Houston men, John Geddes Lawrence and
Tryon Garner, who were discovered having anal sex when police officers burst
into Lawrence's apartment, acting on a false tip about a disturbance involving a
gun.

They were charged with a violation of the state's 1973 "homosexual conduct" act,
which outlawed both anal and oral sex between homosexuals, convicted and fined
$200 each.

They then challenged the constitutionality of the law.

Ruth Harlow, one of the lawyers who challenged the law on behalf of the Lawrence
and Garner, called the decision "historic" and one of the greatest human rights
milestones in a generation. "The court is just catching up with American
society."

Winnie Stachelberg of the Human Rights Campaign said privacy now extends to all
Americans, not just some Americans.

"This is about gays and lesbians being part of the American fabric, this
American nation," said Winnie Stachelberg of the Human Rights Campaign.

But John Giles of the Christian Coalition of Alabama said the decision will add
fuel to the campaign to legalize gay marriage. "God have mercy on America," he
said.

Yesterday's decision said the Texas law - and those of the 13 other states - was
an unconstitutional violation of individuals' right to privacy.

The court actually made two rulings yesterday.

In a separate 5-4 decision, it overturned its own 1986 ruling that Georgia was
correct in declaring that homosexuals had no constitutional right to engage in
sodomy in the privacy of their own homes.

"When homosexual conduct is made criminal by the law of the state, that
declaration in and of itself is an invitation to subject homosexual persons to
discrimination both in the public and in the private spheres," ruled Justice
Anthony M. Kennedy, who wrote the majority opinion in the Texas case.

"The petitioners are entitled to respect for their private lives. The state
cannot demean their existence or control their destiny by making their private
sexual conduct a crime."

Justice Sandra Day O'Connor also sided with the majority, writing that the Texas
law "brands all homosexuals as criminals" and makes it more difficult for them
to be treated in the same manner as others.

Scalia's dissent alleged the Supreme Court had failed to recognize that a
majority of Americans are not yet ready to accept legalized homosexual unions.

"The court has largely signed on to the so-called homosexual agenda," he wrote.
"The court has taken sides in the culture war."

The court decision came as a new battle lines were being drawn in the United
States in the wake of Ottawa's backing of same-sex marriage.

Gay rights activists say recent court decisions in British Columbia and Ontario
should influence similar decisions pending for courts in Massachusetts and New
Jersey.

Scalia, in his dissenting opinion, said yesterday's decision throws open the
door to bestiality, incest and same-sex marriage and could pave the way for U.S.
courts to follow the lead of those recent Canadian court decisions.

He said his colleagues on the high court's majority are pretending they have
left enough freedom "so that we need not fear judicial imposition of homosexual
marriage, as has recently occurred in Canada."

"Do not believe it," Scalia wrote. "(Yesterday's) opinion dismantles the
structure of constitutional law that has permitted a distinction to be made
between heterosexual and homosexual unions, insofar as formal recognition in
marriage is concerned."

"There's no place for the state in the bedrooms of the nation. ... What's done
in private between adults doesn't concern the Criminal Code ."

Justice Minister Pierre Trudeau, December 1967

"The State cannot demean (people's) existence or control their destiny by making
their private sexual conduct a crime."

U.S. Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy, June 2003

"Today's opinion is the product of a Court ... that has largely signed on to the
so-called homosexual agenda (and) has taken sides in the culture war."

U.S. Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia (in his dissenting opinion)

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: RICHARD CARSON/REUTERS John Lawrence, left, and Tyron Garner smile at a
news conference in Houston yesterday after the U.S. Supreme Court ruled the
Texas sodomy law was an unconstitutional violation of privacy. The two men were
convicted in 1998 for engaging in "homosexual conduct."; :

                  Copyright 2003 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              759 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      March 9, 1980, Sunday, Final Edition

Reagan Gains Defender for Ethnic Joke -- An Italian

BYLINE: By Lou Cannon, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A3

LENGTH: 399 words

DATELINE: MIAMI, March 8, 1980


A Ronald Reagan press conference today became a platform for an Italian
journalist who denounced the American press for printing an ethnic joke told by
Reagan and said afterward that "intelligent Italians" enjoy jokes that make fun
of their nationality.

Ugo V. Chirato, representing the American chapter of the World Federation of
Italian Press, interrupted a Reagan press conference and asked if he could read
a statement.  Joe Holmes, Reagan's latest press secretary, tried to stop him but
Reagan intervened and allowed Chirato to continue.

Chirato then read a short statement declaring that reporters had violated their
"honor code" by printing an off-the-record ethnic joke that Reagan told on his
campaign bus during the New Hampshire primary.  He also criticized the League of
Women Voters for permitting Reagan to be questioned about the joke at a
Manchester, N.H., debate among the Republican presidential candidates.

"After careful review of Gov. Reagan('s) political record and his warm
relationship with the Italian community, we feel that he never intended to
insult or demean any ethnic minority," Chirato said.  "Therefore, we assure Hon.
Reagan of our human appreciation and friendship, and express the wish of seeing
a 'clean' presidential campaign in line with the best tradition of American
democracy."

Reagan shook Chirato's hand and thanked him, then left for a rally in Fort Myers
while Chirato became the center of his own press conference.  He told reporters
that Italians were "national victims" of ethnic jokes and liked telling them
about each other.

Chirato said the statement he read was agreed to by the 13 members of the
American chapter of the Italian press group during a recent meeting in Caracas.

The joke which Reagan told went this way:

"How do you tell the Pole at a cock fight?  He's the one with the duck.

"How do you tell the Italian?  He's the one who bets on the duck.

"How do you know the Mafia's there?  The duck wins."

The press conference broke up amid shouts from reporters of "What about the
Pole?" And "What about the ducks?"

Chirato, who wore credentials identifying him as a reporter for the Florida
Bulletin, said he was an Italian citizen who reported for a number of
Italian-language papers and was based in Miami.  He described the joke as "a
so-so joke" but said it was not in any way offensive.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1980 The Washington Post


                              760 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 5, 1993, Friday, Final Edition

The Woman Who Said No to the Navy

JUDY MANN

SECTION: METRO; PAGE E3; JUDY MANN

LENGTH: 781 words


Barbara S. Pope was driving to work one day last spring when she reached a
decision: No job was worth compromising her values or her self-respect. She
would not defend the Navy's whitewash of the Tailhook scandal.

Pope, the first female assistant secretary for manpower in the Navy's 217-year
history, was the highest-ranking woman civilian in that department. For months
she had been growing more and more dismayed at the Navy's ineffectual
investigation into allegations that aviators had assaulted female officers
during the 1991 Tailhook convention.

In December 1991, investigators reported that they couldn't find any witnesses
to the assaults. "I thought it didn't make any sense," Pope says. "They said,
'Give us more time.' " In January, investigators identified a foreign military
pilot as one of the culprits. "They had interviewed 1,500 people," she says. By
the end of April, when a draft report failed to hold the Navy's senior command
responsible for what had happened, Pope was frustrated and angry enough to put
her job on the line. By that time 26 women, including 14 officers, had come
forward with detailed accounts of being assaulted as they passed through a
gantlet in a Las Vegas hotel.

"One of the things that bothered me from Day One was that there was something
very fundamental that went wrong besides the criminal behavior of sexual
assault, which was outrageous," says Pope. "The second and more egregious
[offense] is that officers violated that sacred trust and honor among officers.
You don't have officers assaulting other officers -- and it didn't bother
anybody. . . . That lack of outrage on the part of senior leadership at the
behavior was one of the largest abrogations of leadership in Navy history."

In part, she blames the swift currents of social change that swept millions of
women into the workplace and integrated them into the all-volunteer armed forces
without giving military commanders the tools to manage the change. "This really
caught a lot of people off guard," says Pope. "A lot of people found it hard to
believe this could have happened in their Navy." Then there were the people who
didn't want to know about messy problems like sexual harassment, perhaps because
at some point in their careers they had been guilty of it or had been involved
in earlier episodes at Tailhook.

At the end of April, a draft report of two separate investigations was leaked to
the media while Navy Secretary H. Lawrence Garrett III was on a two-week trip
overseas. The day before he returned, Pope decided she could not defend the Navy
if Congress decided to hold hearings on the incidents. All along, she wondered
if she was overreacting, and she knew some people thought she was because she is
a woman. But she also knew that a general, among others, had come up to her and
said, "Thanks for having the courage to carry the banner on this one."

"The entire Navy was tarnished," she says.  "I felt I had failed and had not
changed the institution by making it understand what had gone wrong. I had lost
respect for the institution. I could not support the secretary if he didn't do
something.

"I went to him and said, 'I've always promised you my loyalty and my candor. I
can't stay here as assistant secretary and say this is the best the Navy can
do.'

"I thought it was a serious failure of the system and an indictment of the
leadership, and I didn't want to be a part of it. . . . I guess my going forward
did force them to go back and look. They did not want to lose me. I felt if I
stayed, I would be compromising my values and my respect for myself. I felt
there was no job that's worth that."

As a result of her courageous stand, the Tailhook episode did not get swept
under the rug. A subsequent report from the Pentagon's inspector general
credited Pope for being the only senior Navy official who pushed the
investigation aggressively. A final report on Tailhook is due from the Defense
Department in two weeks.

Pope, whose resignation was effective with the arrival of the Clinton
administration on Jan. 20, is starting a foundation to educate organizations
about workplace discrimination. She wants people to think of sexual harassment,
not as a women's issue, but as an issue that affects the vitality of the
workplace. "Anything that demeans people demeans the organization," she says.

On Monday, she was honored by Women Executives in State Government for her
efforts to help women break through the glass ceiling. I was on the panel that
selected the winners. Pope stood out among stars. She put her job on the line
for her principles, and once again proved that one woman can make a historic
difference.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              761 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 25, 2016 Saturday

California: Symposium: A disappointing decision, but more lawsuits are on the
way

LENGTH: 1285 words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: Supreme Court blogs, The State of California has issued the
following news release:



   Elizabeth Slattery is a legal fellow at The Heritage Foundation's Edwin Meese
III Center for Legal and Judicial Studies.



 Yesterday's ruling in Fisher v. University of Texas at Austin was
disappointing, to say the least. Justice Anthony Kennedy's majority opinion,
allowing UT to continue using a race-conscious admissions program without
sufficiently articulating its "diversity goal" or providing proof that it was
meeting that goal, betrays his previous equal protection jurisprudence and the
belief that we have a colorblind Constitution.





 Rather than require UT to meet the strict-scrutiny standard required by the
Constitution, this decision permits the school to continue sorting prospective
students by race and ethnicity. As Justice Clarence Thomas has previously
explained (and reiterated in his Fisher II concurrence), "The Constitution
abhors classifications based on race because every time the government places
citizens on racial registers and makes race relevant to the provision of burdens
and benefits, it demeans us all." Indeed, he continued, the "'faddish theor[y]'
that racial discrimination may produce 'educational benefits'" does not change
that constitutional command of equal protection.



 But Kennedy and the others in the majority disagreed with these laudable
statements. Kennedy attempted to recast his decision in Fisher I, noting that
such race-conscious programs still must meet strict-scrutiny review. This
requires a school to show "with clarity" that its "purpose or interest [in the
educational benefits of diversity] is both constitutionally permissible and
substantial" and the use of race is necessary to advance that purpose or
interest. While a school may not use "fixed quota[s]" or a "specified
percentage" of a race or ethnicity, once they give "a reasoned, principled
explanation," "deference must be given" to the school officials' "experience and
expertise, that a diverse student body would serve its education goal." Finally,
judges must not defer to school officials on whether the use of race is narrowly
tailored to advance the asserted goal. This last part, however, lost any teeth
it may have had because Kennedy's opinion lets schools provide scant evidence.



 On the one hand, Kennedy says UT is "prohibited" from having a set number of
seats based on students' races and ethnicities. But then he states that
"asserting an interest in the educational benefits of diversity writ large is
insufficient." So how does a school sufficiently prove it is meeting its
diversity goal without setting quotas? The answer, according to Kennedy, is
putting out a study with all the right buzzwords: promoting "cross-racial
understanding," "break[ing] down racial barriers," "cultivat[ing] a set of
leaders with legitimacy in the eyes of the citizenry."



 This begs for the very deference Kennedy denied UT officials in Fisher I and
now allows UT to rely on its own study showing (unsurprisingly) that race was
necessary for the school to meet its amorphous, undefined goal of diversity.
Kennedy concluded the majority opinion by stating that UT must continue to
"scrutinize the fairness of its admissions program; to assess whether changing
demographics have undermined the need for a race-conscious policy; and to
identify the effects, both positive and negative, of the affirmative-action
measures it deems necessary."



 This smacks of na&iuml;vet&eacute; about how college admissions actually work.
Even in this case, it previously came to light that UT had an additional, secret
admissions policy that overrode the "holistic review" for applicants who were
not admitted as part of the Top Ten Percent Plan, allowing politically connected
individuals - such as state legislators and members of the university's board of
regents - to get family members and other friends admitted. An outside
investigation by Kroll, Inc., found that many of these students were admitted
"despite grades and test scores substantially below the media for admitted
students."



 The silver lining is that more cases are on the way. Lawsuits are currently
pending in federal district courts that challenge the racially discriminatory
admissions policies of Harvard and the University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill.
The Harvard suit was brought by Asian-American applicants who claim they were
denied admission because the university has put limits on the number of Asian
Americans it will admit, similar to the racist quotas and caps that Ivy League
schools put on the number of Jewish students they would admit in the 1920s. The
plaintiffs in the North Carolina case highlight the fact that the university
conducted a study showing that if the school dropped its racial preference
policy and switched to a "top ten percent plan" like Texas, its minority
enrollment would soar.



 Additionally, more than 130 Asian-American organizations recently asked the
Department of Education and the Justice Department to investigate Yale
University, Brown University, and Dartmouth College for their use of
discriminatory policies, which they claim amount to race-based quotas that lock
out well-qualified Asian-American applicants.



 They point to data from the Department of Education showing that Asian-American
enrollment at Brown and Yale has been stagnant since 1995, and at Dartmouth
since 2004, despite an increase in highly qualified Asian-American students
applying to these schools during that time. In fact, data show that Asian
Americans must score, on average, "approximately 140 point[s] higher than a
White student, 270 points higher than a Hispanic student and 450 points higher
than a Black student on the SAT, in order to have the same chance of admission."
The groups suspect Yale, Brown, Dartmouth, and other Ivy League schools "impose
racial quotas and caps to maintain what they believe are ideal racial balances,"
harkening back to the days of the Chinese Exclusion Act and the internment of
Japanese Americans during World War II.



 Like many other schools, Yale, Brown, and Dartmouth use a "holistic" approach
to evaluate applicants, which allows race and ethnicity to become a large factor
in the admission equation. In their complaint, the Asian-American groups assert
that these colleges rely on stereotypes and biases to deny Asian-Americans
admission. Admission board reviewers' notes track the stereotypes: "He's quiet
and, of course, wants to be a doctor" or her "scores and application seem so
typical of other Asian applications I've read: Extraordinarily gifted in math
with the opposite extreme in English."



 Since the admissions policies at these schools are highly secretive, they
freely discriminate against Asian-American applicants. In fact, Yale's law
school recently began destroying its admissions records, presumably to avoid
having to disclose the criteria such as race and other standards they use to
determine admissions.



 Perhaps if one of these cases reaches the Supreme Court, it will be harder for
the liberal Justices to rule against Asian Americans who are blatantly and
unfairly discriminated against. Maybe Kennedy will see that these admissions
officials are not acting in good faith, but rather seek to keep out certain
students because they are not members of a preferred minority.



 Kennedy once wrote that "[d]istinctions between citizens solely because of
their ancestry are by their nature odious to a free people." Let's hope he
remembers that the next time a case involving race discrimination comes before
the Supreme Court.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              762 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             July 14, 2015 Tuesday

13K sign petition opposing Milwaukee display of pope condom portrait

BYLINE: By Annysa Johnson Milwaukee Journal Sentinel

SECTION: WISCONSIN

LENGTH: 324 words


More than 13,000 people have signed an online petition calling on the Milwaukee
Art Museum not to display a newly acquired portrait of retired Pope Benedict XVI
fashioned from 17,000 colorful condoms.

The petition was circulated by CitizenGo.org , a conservative Christian advocacy
site based in Madrid.

"The Milwaukee Art Museum's decision to display this offensive piece of art
exposes a double-standard when it comes to offending religious groups," Caroline
Craddock, the Boston-based U.S. campaigns director for CitizenGO, said in a news
release. "They would never dare insult Mohammad or other religious leaders the
way they demean followers of Christ."

The site does not identify signers of the petition, and it is not clear how many
live in Wisconsin. Craddock said by telephone that she would attempt to
determine that information. Efforts to reach the museum on Wednesday were not
immediately successful.

The art museum confirmed in June that it had acquired the controversial piece by
Shorewood artist Niki Johnson and would display it when it completes the
renovations of its permanent collections gallery in the fall.

The news drew condemnation from local Catholics, including Archbishop Jerome
Listecki, many of whom vowed to cancel their memberships. Museum officials
defended the acquisition, saying it has an obligation to "present art and ideas
on a broad range of subjects... that challenge and engage." And they said
they've heard from an equal number of patrons who voiced interest in seeing the
piece.

Johnson has said that the portrait, titled "Eggs Benedict," was a commentary on
the then-pontiff's comments during a 2009 visit to Africa in which he suggested
that the use of condoms could exacerbate the spread of AIDS. Many have derided
Benedict's remarks as irresponsible, especially in Africa, where the majority of
the world's AIDS deaths are occurring and where the church is growing
dramatically in membership and influence.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              763 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            November 18, 2012 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

SECTION: B; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 1653 words


BULLIES MET THEIR MATCH

A day after the election, I watched a video clip of Bill O'Reilly blaming Mitt
Romney's loss on the losers, takers, leeches, the poor, the sick and the other
lowlifes who voted for President Barack Obama.

Ron Hoff's Nov. 9 letter parrots O'Reilly as he pounds his chest and roars his
superiority as a "maker." What arrogance! They don't get it. The right chose to
demean, insult, lie to and try to intimidate more than half the population. That
is why they lost the election.

Hoff worries about the future for his children, but the fact is young people
between the ages of 18 and 30 voted 60 percent for Obama and only 36 percent for
Romney. It is a fact, also, that the most conservative red states receive (take)
more stuff from the federal government than they pay for, while the most liberal
(blue) states send (make) more stuff than they receive.

Janet Callen

Coeur d'Alene

VOTERS OVERESTIMATED

Now that all the various media outlets have spent a week analyzing the
presidential election results, and the subsequent strategies of the two parties
that led to their success or failure, the distinction is now clear to me.

The Republican strategy assumes that American voters are intelligent, while the
Democrats assume that voters are emotional. And look who won!

Randall Babin

Wallace

WHO CARES ABOUT AFFAIRS?

It truly is a shame we can have then-President Bill Clinton look us in the eye
and lie about having an affair, and then admit to it later, and we now act like
he was some great leader.

Then, we have some generals have some flings and we want to treat them like
criminals. There may be some stupid law for them that says they can't do that,
but there is also something about the presidency having a moral compass.

If we fired every military man that had an affair, we probably would lose a good
portion of our officers. It may be sin if you believe in God, but who else cares
besides their wives?

Joe White

Otis Orchards

DON'T BE QUICK TO JUDGE

Reading last Saturday's letters prior to the editorial with the photo of Judge
Vance Peterson, I initially expected that it was of a panhandler. Sadly, many
veterans aren't as blessed as the judge and end up on the streets, struggling
for every dollar.

I warn that it is far too easy to dismiss a hero as a bum with prejudicial
rushes to judgment. Next time you are compelled to quickly dismiss a homeless
soul, check yourself, you may be shamefully off the mark. We forget how poorly
so many vets are treated once they get back home.

David Fish

Spokane

SPEAK UP FOR COMPROMISE

Compromise is the heart and soul of democracy, where debate is encouraged so
that in the end all voices are heard.

However, what we've seen in Congress has gone far beyond the principles of
healthy discussion. Creating gridlock is not the same as standing up for your
views; it is playing partisan politics at the expense of your country.

I believe the time has come for all of us, conservatives and liberals alike, to
demand that our legislators find common ground and compromise in order to move
our country forward. Our responsibility as citizens must not end with casting
our ballots

Politics does not function well when it is viewed like a Friday night football
game with clear winners and losers. When shutting down any legislation supported
by the other party is seen as success, then the gridlock and paralysis that we
have all witnessed is the consequence.

Politicians do react to their constituents. I believe it is time for all of us
to contact our own legislators as well as Speaker of the House John Boehner,
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, Majority Leader Harry Reid and House
Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi. They need to hear clearly that we are watching and
will not tolerate a continuation of the last two years.

Karen Parks

Greenacres

SYMPHONY LOST FOCUS

A for-profit symphony? What type of profit-making strategist spends $31 million
on a building to house musicians that he can't afford to pay? The Symphony
Association's pride and focus must first be placed on the musicians, then on
where they play.

Bill Lowry

Spokane

LABOR STRIFE A SAD NOTE

The labor news about the Spokane Symphony and its musicians is distressing.

I have known this orchestra's performances since coming to Spokane in 1963, and
I reviewed the orchestra's performances in The Spokesman-Review from 1978 until
my retirement in 2010. The Spokane Symphony is at the peak of its form.
Audiences would be loath to see labor problems lead to a further deterioration
of musician morale, and so a deterioration in the quality of the orchestra's
performances. Worse still would be a loss of key performers.

I remember a guest conductor telling me during an interview some years ago, "You
people here in Spokane have a much better orchestra than you deserve." He meant
"better" considering the puny pay players receive and the amount contributors
give to the organization.

We all know and respect the contributions that members of the administrative
staff have made to the orchestra's financial and artistic health, and I hope
that subscribers will join me in contributing their ticket costs in supporting
the orchestra.

It is vitally important that both the symphony board and the musicians continue
negotiating in good faith with the view to preserving the high quality of
symphonic music we enjoy in Spokane.

Travis Rivers

Cheney

LEGALIZATION UP IN SMOKE

Voters fell for the hype that legalizing pot would defund the criminals and fund
the state. All we've done is provide those "defunded" criminals with a cheaper,
legal supply of pot they can sell to a growing customer base of underage teens
who reason that, since pot isn't one of those "bad, illegal" drugs, maybe it's
worth a try.

And when the 20 percent to 30 percent of those users that statistics tell us
will start trying stronger stuff, where will they go to find that stronger
stuff?

And all that extra money into the state budget? Well a lot of it is going to
disappear in the lawsuits from the federal government, and the states and
Canadian provinces around us who get tired of the bales of legally grown
Washington pot that keep ending up inside their borders.

Oh, and all those police who were going to be freed up to focus on violent,
"real" crimes? Yeah, they're still going to be working overtime trying to find
out which of the legal growers and sellers are still supplying that defunded
black market and its in-state teenage customers and its out-of-state smuggling
operations.

Michael Liljenberg

Spokane Valley

LOBBY FOR SMALLER BINS

Today, I contacted Waste Management about my humongous 96-gallon recycle
container. I asked if they would have something smaller because it would take me
a year or more to fill the can, and it was just too large. Apparently, others
have called as well.

I was told that they are considering something smaller and to call back after
the first of January. I would encourage everyone that feels as I do to contact
Waste Management and let them know that smaller containers would be more
practical and easier to handle.

Someone wasn't thinking when they chose these overly large recycle containers.

Thelma Kinzer

Newman Lake

VOTERS FACT-CHECKED ROMNEY

This just in: Gov. Mitt Romney and the Republicans just got fact-checked by "We
the people," not just the 47 percent of us he holds in contempt and said we were
never going to vote for him anyway, "because we are takers and just want 'free
stuff,'" but by the 51 percent of us who are the electorate.

We examined his "facts" and found them to be wanting.

Bill Joy

Spokane

NOT PROUD OF THIS AMERICA

Where's my America? What happened to taking pride in being self-reliant? How
about the basic premise of living within your means?

Instead of taking initiative and pursuing a better life through hard work and
ambition, too many people expect it to be given to them, and somehow believe
they're owed something.

It's really beyond me to understand that thinking; to have such a low opinion of
yourself to think the government should take care of you. The liberal
progressives in government also think we need to be taken care of. How's it feel
to be looked down on?

Get up in the morning, put your big boots on, and go out and earn your own way.

For the first time in my life, I'm not proud to be an American, in what has
become a society with too many hands out, expecting their needs to be met from
the sweat off someone else's brow.

Larry Knutson

Rathdrum

ANTI-SMOKING POSTER NAILS IT

I have served as a substitute teacher in all the public schools in Chewelah,
Wash. In one of the classrooms at Jenkins Middle School, there is an unusual
teaching poster. The poster pictures several cigarette packs with these labels:
Breath Rotters - low tar refreshing; Canceretts - menthol; Stench Menthol; Tumor
ultra lights; and Money Suckers - Filters. A banner on the poster says, "Why
don't they just call them what they are?"

Also, a black coffin is displayed on the poster with the caption, "Cigarette
companies are making a killing off of you." The poster was printed by the
Washington State Department of Health.

We read in the Holy Bible in Psalm 119 at verse 30, "I have chosen the way of
truth." The leadership of Jenkins Middle School at Chewelah should be commended
for allowing this important poster to speak to our young people.

Arthur Houk

Colville

DISASTERS A HARBINGER

The firestorms that burned down countless homes throughout the country were
noted as the worst in our history. Sandy is being spoken of as the worst and
most expensive hurricane in history. The fires that gutted 80 homes in New York
this week are being described as the worst of their kind that anyone can
remember.

Were Katrina and 9/11 just events?

Jonathon Cahn has written a book entitled, "The Harbinger." Every American
should read it and take heed to its message.

Larry Templeton

Spokane

TYPE: Letters

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              764 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 5, 1994, Friday, Final Edition

A Demeaning Pool Policy

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE A20; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 138 words


In violation of accepted procedures and law, the D.C. Department of Recreation
and Parks decided to make Francis Pool the only city pool with an admission
charge. There is, however, no charge for anyone who can't afford to pay.

I am disabled and have a limited income. So now all I have to do is grovel
before some pool employee, jump through whatever hoops he or she feels like
imposing on me, and then, I might be allowed in without paying. What an
obscenity! If all that isn't bad enough for an adult, think how embarrassing it
must be for children.

I will not demean myself by going to the Francis Pool.

If the District wants to be fair and raise money, then it should charge everyone
at every pool. How about a quarter for kids and 50 cents for adults, with no
demeaning exceptions?

PHILIP CARNEY

Washington


LOAD-DATE: August 5, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              765 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            March 22, 2006 Wednesday

Careless details in Brodie story

SECTION: LETTERS

LENGTH: 238 words


Editor of the Reformer:

The appearance of the above three linguistic icons in a very well-conceived
article detracts from the article's intent:

1. De-institutionalization is the creation of state governments. It was invented
as a disguise for abandoning mental heath responsibilities. Like many such
political icons, it has succeeded so well it has become an icon of journalism,
repeated, parroted, unexamined.

2. "The" mentally ill do not exist, nor do "the" Jews, "the" Blacks, icons
journalism employs [today] only with great caution. "The" mentally ill, "the"
homeless, "the" retarded, "the" disabled continue, informing us of whom it
remains [today] safe to demean.

3. No state mental institution ever, none, none at all, rose to the level of
hospital.

The above three politically construed icons detract from an otherwise
well-constructed, carefully directed article. Language has consequence, whether
intended or not. Journalism maintains as its ethic factual reporting. The above
icons elicit response contradictory to fact.

In high school junior English [1954] we read a story, perhaps by Katherine Ann
Porter, about a woman descending a staircase, impeccably dressed for a formal
evening. The author focused on a small piece of neglected lint on her gown.

In detail is all.

Harold A. Maio

Former Consulting Editor

Psychiatric Rehabilitation Journal

Boston University

Ft Myers, Fla., March 13

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

   Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.


                              766 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 22, 1993, Friday, Late Edition - Final

FOOTBALL;
Marshall and Sacks Have Become Strangers

BYLINE: By GERALD ESKENAZI,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 14; Column 5; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 558 words

DATELINE: HEMPSTEAD, L.I., Oct. 21


This is a fragile time for the Jets, especially for their pass rushers.

The defense has recorded 10 sacks this season, but Jeff Lageman is the only
lineman to have one. The Jets face Jim Kelly and the Buffalo Bills on Sunday at
Giants Stadium, the first of a difficult three-game stretch that includes the
Giants and the Miami Dolphins. But this is no time for Coach Bruce Coslet to
demean his sad non-sackers, particularly Leonard Marshall.

Marshall played 10 season with the Giants and recorded 79 1/2 sacks. But last
season under former Coach Ray Handley, Marshall's role changed from a
freewheeling pass-rusher to a run-stopper. He had only 4 sacks, down from 11 in
1991. Thus, he was ecstatic in the off season when the Jets offered him a
three-year, $4.5 million contract.

A Grounded Eagle

The Jets' defensive line coach, Greg Robinson, has used Marshall at the "eagle"
position, a pass-rushing tackle. In the past, such players as Lageman had
thrived there. But the way Marshall described the eagle today, it sounded as if
his wings had been clipped. Indeed, when he has his 32d birthday Friday, he will
have had more birthdays as a Jet than sacks.

"It's day and night compared to what I did on the Giants for years," said
Marshall, who does not have a sack this season. "Lawrence and I were supposed to
rush the passer. But here, I'm supposed to be a roughneck inside."

Marshall said his fantasy of going one-on-one against a smaller guard hasn't
materialized because he is being double-teamed.

"They're jumping in to help the guard," said Marshall, who acknowledged that
being double-teamed shows that opposing teams respect his pass-rushing skill.

Robinson said he was not disappointed with Marshall. "He's batted a couple of
passes," said Robinson. "He pressured Marino. He pressured Elway. He has done
what we expected."

Marshall agrees. "I'm pleased with what I've accomplished on the inside," he
said. "I've given them what they want."

The suddenly conservative Kelly seems to be an inviting target for Marshall. The
Buffalo quarterback, far from mobile and hampered by a sore knee, has been
dumped 16 times this season. Kelly hasn't looked deep for a receiver, instead
settling for shorter pass patterns.

Marshall said that Kelly "more than most quarterbacks" doesn't respond well to
pressure up the middle.

"You want to be in his face," Marshall said. "He has problems throwing it
outside the numbers. Some guys are better than others when you're in their
face."

But Marshall admitted he has been nagged by the feeling that a sack is virtually
the only statistic by which a fan judges a defensive lineman.

"I would have thought that by now the picture would be brighter," he said. "I'm
trying to stay within the framework of what they want me to do."

In other words, Marshall suggested, he is not doing badly.

EXTRA POINTS

JEFF LAGEMAN, who has been bothered by a herniated disk in his neck, wore full
pads and took part in today's workout. He will be at his right end position
Sunday. . . . MARVIN JONES, the No. 1 draft choice and backup middle linebacker,
left practice with back spasms. The club will know more about his condition on
Friday. . . . The Jets are warning fans that there will be 2,000 fewer parking
spots on Sunday because of tents being set up for the coming horse show.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              767 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 12, 1991, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Cuomo Again Vetoes Bill for Death Penalty

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B; Page 3; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 216 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, June 11


For the ninth consecutive year, Gov. Mario M. Cuomo vetoed legislation today
that would have restored New York's death penalty.

A legislative override is considered unlikely. The bill's chief sponsor in the
Democratic-controlled Assembly said he did not believe he could muster the
two-thirds vote needed.

It is the 15th year that a New York governor has vetoed the death penalty; Mr.
Cuomo's predecessor, Gov. Hugh Carey, rejected it six times.

"The death penalty legitimizes the ultimate act of vengeance in the name of the
state, violates fundamental human rights, fuels a mistaken belief by some that
justice is being served and demeans those who strive to preserve human life and
dignity," Mr. Cuomo said in his veto message to the Legislature.

Mr. Cuomo has instead urged the Legislature once again to adopt his proposal for
life imprisonment without parole.

The sponsor of the bill in the Senate, Dale Volker, Republican of Erie County,
said he intended to press ahead with an override vote in the
Republican-controlled Senate.

The Senate passed the bill with 41 votes, the number needed to override a
gubernatorial veto. But the Assembly passed the bill with only 98 votes, two
short of the 100 needed for an override.

New York's electric chair was last used in 1963.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              768 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 24, 1998, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

BOXING: NOTEBOOK;
Hamed Opens Up With Pair Of Jabs

BYLINE: By TIMOTHY W. SMITH

SECTION: Section D; Page 5; Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 788 words


Naseem means gentle breeze in Arabic, but Prince Naseem Hamed blew through New
York yesterday with all the sound and fury of a hurricane. In several hours at a
news conference in midtown Manhattan, the bombastic World Boxing Organization
featherweight champion managed to demean Wayne McCullough, his opponent for an
Oct. 31 bout in Atlantic City; proclaim himself a legend in the making, and
paint his trainer, Brendan Ingle, as a traitor.

In terms of volume, Hamed picked up where he left off during his American debut
last Dec. 19. "I'm gonna beat him like I was his daddy," Hamed said regarding
McCullough. The fight will be broadcast on HBO's "Championship Boxing" series.
After he defeated Kevin Kelley at Madison Square Garden, Hamed was supposed to
fight Kennedy McKinney in July. But he pulled out of the bout saying he had a
hand injury. It was believed that Hamed dropped the fight because he wanted to
spend time with his wife and newborn son.

Frank Warren, Hamed's promoter, said that even though they tossed McKinney aside
in favor of McCullough, who won a silver medal for Ireland in the 1992 Olympic
Games and now lives in Las Vegas, they don't owe McKinney anything.

Meanwhile, the relationship between Hamed, who is 30-0, and Ingle, the Irish
trainer who has worked with the 24-year-old fighter since he was 9, is strained.
Hamed believes he was betrayed by Ingle because of the trainer's comments in a
book entitled "The Paddy and the Prince" by Nick Pitts, a Times of London
reporter.

In the book, Ingle portrays the brash boxer as impetuous and arrogant. Ingle
also questions Hamed's unorthodox training methods, which include workouts at
odd hours of the night, marathon sparring sessions with larger opponents and
plenty of choreography for his footwork.

After the book was published on Sept. 3, Ingle said Hamed blasted him, calling
him a "Judas."

"I forgive, but I'll never forget," Hamed said of his trainer. "I don't think
I'll ever trust the man. It's hard to be with a man for 17 years and have him
say things like that."

Tests for Tyson

Mike Tyson, the former heavyweight champion, will undergo a battery of
psychological and neurological tests at Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston
as part of his effort to get his boxing license reinstated in Nevada.

Tyson, who checked into the hospital yesterday, will undergo the testing over
three days on an outpatient basis, according to Shelly Finkel, his boxing
adviser.

Following a six-and-a-half hour hearing this past Saturday, the Nevada State
Athletic Commission ordered Tyson to undergo the testing as a prerequisite for
getting his license back. Tyson must forward the results of the tests, both
psychological and neurological, to the commission by next Monday. The commission
will evaluate the results and then, at a hearing in Las Vegas on Oct. 3, will
inform Tyson of its decision.

Tyson is rushing to get his license back because he wants to fight before the
end of the year, possibly in November. At the top of the list of opponents is
Lou Savarese, who stepped to the head of the class by knocking out James
(Buster) Douglas in June. Other possibilities are Shannon Briggs and Axel
Schulz.

The Rap on Holyfield

Add Vaughn Bean to the list of Evander Holyfield opponents who believe the
heavyweight world champion is a dirty fighter. Bean lost a 12-round unanimous
decision to Holyfield on Saturday night and believes he was repeatedly fouled by
illegal punches during the bout, particularly a blow that came while Bean was
tangled in the ropes and sent Bean to the canvas. It was scored a knockdown for
Holyfield.

Bean's promoter, Butch Lewis, is filing a protest with the International Boxing
Federation and the World Boxing Association, the organizations that sanctioned
the fight, against the referee Bryan Gary. Lewis claims that Gary showed
favoritism toward Holyfield and is calling for a rematch for Bean.

"It was the same scenario for Mike Tyson when he complained of Holyfield's head
butts and nothing was done about it," Bean said. "In frustration, he ended up
biting his ear off."

Mosley May Move Up

Shane Mosley, the International Boxing Federation lightweight champion, who
mopped up the ring with Eduardo Morales before scoring a fifth-round technical
knockout on Tuesday night at the Theater in Madison Square, is considering a
move up to 140 pounds next year. HBO is trying to sign Mosley to a contract
before the year is out. Mosley's next fight at 135 pounds could be against the
I.B.F.'s No. 1 contender, Israel Cardona. The network wants to match Mosley
against Ivan Robinson, who beat Arturo Gatti last month, if Robinson can get
past Gatti in the rematch on Nov. 14.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Prince Naseem Hamed, at lectern, promised to beat his opponent,
Wayne McCullough, foreground. (Barbara Alper for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              769 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             May 8, 2013 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Delaware, Continuing a Trend, Becomes the 11th State to Allow Same-Sex Unions

BYLINE: By ERIK ECKHOLM; Rita K. Farrell contributed reporting from Dover, Del.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 544 words


Delaware on Tuesday became the 11th state to permit same-sex marriage, the
latest in a string of victories for those working to extend marital rights to
gay and lesbian couples.

The marriage bill passed the State Senate by a vote of 12 to 9 Tuesday
afternoon.

''It's a great day in Delaware,'' said Gov. Jack Markell, a Democrat, who signed
it within minutes of passage before an overjoyed crowd of activists. ''I am
signing this bill now because I do not intend to make any of you wait one moment
longer.''

Same-sex couples will be eligible for marriage licenses on July 1.

Delaware adopted same-sex marriage just five days after a similar decision in
Rhode Island and after ballot-box victories last fall in Maine, Maryland and
Washington.

During three hours of emotional debate before the vote Tuesday, State Senator
Karen Peterson, a Democrat, said she had lived with a female partner for 24
years, and she challenged opponents of extending marriage to gay couples. ''If
my happiness somehow demeans or diminishes your marriage, then you need to work
on your marriage,'' she said, eliciting cheers and laughter.

A Republican opponent of the bill, Senator Greg Lavelle, said before the vote,
''We won't fully understand the impact of this legislation for years to come.''
Mr. Lavelle, the minority whip, said it was ''strange'' to ''have to defend
traditional marriage that we have known for thousands of years.''

In Maine, Maryland and Washington in November, same-sex marriage won in state
referendums for the first time. In eight other states, now including Delaware,
and in the District of Columbia it has been adopted by legislatures or required
by court decisions.

Public opinion on the issue is shifting quickly, with polls showing that a
majority of Americans support allowing gay and lesbian couples to marry.

''The momentum continues,'' said Evan Wolfson, president of Freedom to Marry, a
New York-based advocacy group that aided the campaign in Delaware.

Gay rights groups are hopeful that same-sex marriage will pass soon in
Minnesota, where House members are expected to consider it this week, and in
Illinois, where the Senate has approved a bill but a vote has not been scheduled
in the House.

Short of a sweeping decision by the Supreme Court that same-sex marriage is a
right, change could come more slowly in the coming years. Thirty states have
adopted constitutional amendments limiting marriage to a man and a woman --
measures that can be reversed only with public ballots.

''We're not discouraged,'' said Brian Brown, president of the National
Organization for Marriage, which has helped finance opposition to same-sex
marriage proposals across the country.

''The states that have passed same-sex marriage are deep-blue liberal states,''
Mr. Brown said, arguing that his opponents usually find it easier to win in
legislatures than in popular votes.

Both sides are waiting for the Supreme Court to announce two decisions in June
that could alter the marriage landscape.

In one case, the court will decide whether the federal government should
recognize same-sex marriage in states where it is legal. In the other, it will
decide the fate of California's Proposition 8, which banned same-sex marriage in
the state after a court had declared it a legal right.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/05/08/us/delaware-to-allow-same-sex-marriage.html

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              770 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       April 12, 2016 Tuesday 7:32 PM GMT

Paul Ryan to rule out presidential bid, reports say - campaign live;
House speaker announces afternoon news conference at which, according to
reports, he will announce he will not stand for Republican nominationTrump's
delay in building a delegate operation may cost him nominationClooneys to attend
a Clinton fundraiser - and Sanders fans are outragedTrump protests over 'crooked
deal' in Colorado after Cruz win

BYLINE: Tom McCarthy in New York

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 2991 words


block-time published-time 7.32pm BST

Kasich warns against 'path to darkness'

Ohio governor John Kasich issued a sharp rebuke of his rival campaigns'
mud-slinging tactics in an impassioned speech just one week ahead of the New
York primary, while outlining his vision of what American values and leadership
should look like ahead of one of the most "consequential elections" in recent
memory, writes the Guardian's Raya Jalabi:

Speaking to a polite establishment crowd of roughly 100 people on Tuesday,
mostly New York Republicans gathered at the historic Women's National Republican
Club in Manhattan, Kasich reiterated his plea that the US not fall prey to the
fear-mongering demagoguery and "hollow promises" of his rivals, who he said
"were not worthy of the office they are seeking".

Don't go there. Photograph: Justin Lane/EPA

The event was billed as a cornerstone speech intended to underline Kasich's
experience and even-handed approach as the prospect of a contested convention
looms. In it he detailed the two paths he believes lie ahead for the US, which
contrasted his own candidacy with the "darkness" of the unpredictable Donald
Trump and fiercely ideological Ted Cruz.

"The path that exploits anger, encourages resentment, turns fear into hatred and
divides people. This path solves nothing and demeans our history and weakens our
country and cheapens each one of us. It has but one beneficiary, and that is the
politician who speaks of it," Kasich said in a reference to the two leading
Republican candidates.

This path, he said, "drags us into a ditch and won't make America great again".

Read the full piece here:

Related:  John Kasich urges Republicans to choose him over path of 'darkness'

block-time published-time 7.22pm BST

Ladies and gentlemen, Bono, on Capitol Hill to testify about violent extremists
and foreign aid.

Irish rock star and activist Bono, accompanied by U.S. Deputy Secretary of State
Tony Blinken, right, arrives on Capitol Hill in Washington, Tuesday, April 12,
2016, to testify before the Senate State, Foreign Operations, and Related
Programs subcommittee hearing on the causes and consequences of violent
extremists, and the role of foreign assistance. Photograph: Andrew Harnik/AP

block-time published-time 7.03pm BST

Hundreds of voting rights protesters arrested at Capitol Monday

Police arrested more than 400 protesters outside the U.S. Capitol on Monday from
Democracy Spring, an organization seeking to remove big money from politics and
combat restrictive voter identification laws, Reuters reported:

The mostly calm and orderly demonstration resulted in arrests for what the U.S.
Capitol Police called "unlawful demonstration activity" such as crowding and
obstruction.

Organizers vowed to repeat the demonstration every day for a week.

The protest was held "to demand Congress take immediate action to end the
corruption of big money in our politics and ensure free and fair elections,"
Democracy Spring said on its website.

U.S. Capitol Police move in to make arrests. Photograph: J. Scott Applewhite/AP

The group lists actor Mark Ruffalo and academic Noam Chomsky and dozens of
well-known activist groups among its supporters.

"We believe this is the people's house, and Congress should be responsive to the
people. We need to protect voting rights," said Peter Callahan, the group's
communications coordinator.

Read further here.

block-time published-time 6.20pm BST

A discourse on hatred and despotism outside Trump rally

The Guardian's Amber Jamieson is attending a Trump rally in Rome, New York,
today after catching a Trump rally last night in Albany, where she met Ron
Richards, 27.

Richards proudly wore a T-shirt depicting Hillary Clinton as Hitler, as a middle
finger to the Trump protesters who compare the presidential wannabe to the Nazi
leader, Amber writes:

"These people over here [points to anti-Trump protests] profiling Trump as
racist and like Hitler, it's just as bad," said Richards, an electrical engineer
from Saratoga Springs.

"Trump hasn't killed anybody. Hillary has killed many people throughout her
offices. It's crazy. But no I don't think she's Hitler, I don't believe she's a
mass murder. But she's killed people - just like Obama has killed people, just
like Bush has killed people.

"But for someone to say that Trump is Hitler is asinine, he hasn't killed
anybody, he's not even causing mass genocide or anything like that. It's
insane."

The Guardian mentioned that Trump was talking about a religious test for
entering the United States and had emerged as a favorite among white
supremacists.

Ron Richards. Photograph: Guardian

"Muslim is not a religion," replied Richards' friend Cameron, 33, an electrical
engineer from Glens Fall, who declined to give his last name. "Islam is. Muslim
is not," said Cameron.

"He's not the first person to ever do that and/or consider that idea. One of our
presidents had actually done a ban on certain race during war time, I can't
remember the name of the president," said Richards.

"They gathered up people during World War II. Ellis Island used to screen people
so they don't have tuberculosis. I don't see any reason why you can't screen
people before they come into the country. It's not being racist. It's just
saying 'hey look let's do a background check of where you came from, what your
ethics are'," said Cameron.

Anti-Trump protesters were yelling that a vote for Trump is a vote for the white
power movement. Some Trump supporters were yelling "white power" back to them.

"I don't support that in any way. I believe all lives matter. Humanity in
general, no particular race," said Richards.

block-time published-time 6.05pm BST

Trump's late delegates start may cost him nomination

For months, all Donald Trump was doing was winning. But it turns out those wins
didn't mean all that much, writes Guardian political reporter Ben Jacobs:

The Republican frontrunner has won 21 states so far in the Republican primary
but it has slowly dawned on Trump's campaign in recent weeks that nearly all of
those races were just glorified beauty contests, and that winning the most votes
in a state primary may be an accomplishment as valueless as a framed degree from
Trump University.

Delegates at the Republican National Convention elect the GOP nominee for the
presidential ticket  and often those delegates aren't chosen by popular vote.
Smart political campaigns, though, have long built delegate operations to
prepare for contested conventions. In contrast, Donald Trump has only just
started building one in recent weeks and his failure could cost him the
Republican nomination.

Too late? Photograph: Mike Groll/AP

For months, Trump has coasted by with a campaign based on earning media coverage
with minimal grassroots organizing. He holds big rallies that draw crowds of
thousands before primary elections and then leaves the state. This means that
delegate selection, which usually happens in a series of party meetings after a
primary election, has been neglected by Trump's campaign.

In recent weeks, Trump has tried to turn things around....

Read the full piece here:

Related:  Trump's delay in building a delegate operation may cost him the
nomination

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 6.05pm BST

block-time published-time 5.43pm BST

Clinton, Trump hold New York leads in poll

A new poll from Quinnipiac University showed Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump
with undiminished leads in the New York race since the last time the poll was
taken before the 5 April Wisconsin primary.

The poll finds Clinton leading Sanders 53-40 among likely Democratic primary
voters, and Trump with 55% support among likely Republicans compared with 20%
for Kasich and 19% for Cruz:

Today's results show little movement from a March 31 survey showing Clinton over
Sanders 54 - 42 percent and Trump with 56 percent, followed by Cruz at 20
percent and Kasich at 19 percent.

enltrBlack Votes Matter For Clinton In #NewYork, Poll Finds; Trump Sweeps All
Groups Against Cruz Or Kasich https://t.co/TjJPW8nfIg#Election2016

- Quinnipiac Poll (@QuinnipiacPoll) April 12, 2016

block-time published-time 5.00pm BST

Cruz predicts victory at contested convention

Texas senator Ted Cruz is on Glenn Beck's radio show right now. You can listen
live here.

Cruz has just repeated his assertion that rival Donald Trump cannot reach a
majority of 1,237 delegates in advance of the July convention.

"I'm gonna have a ton of delegates, Donald's gonna have a ton of delegates. And
the question is who can win a majority of delegates.

"Where do the Rubio and Kasich delegates go? And I think they're going to come
to us."

Cruz says all the talk of his strong ground game belies the strength of organic
voter interest.

"Our staffers couldn't do this if there was not a grassroots tsunami..." Cruz
says.

"Basically what we're doing is logistics. We've got people saying I'm willing to
do whatever I can... it is coming from the people."

Then Cruz handicaps the remainder of the race:

"Donald may well have a good about two weeks... New York is his home state. He
ought to win his home state convincingly. If Donald is not significantly above
50% it will be a loss for him.

"There's states like Pennsylvania, states like Maryland where we have tremendous
support.... Donald could have a good couple of weeks. He could get a pretty
decent chunk of delegates.

"But then we're gonna get into states like Indiana, states like Nebraska, states
like Montana.

"The whole race is gonna come down to California."

Cruz closes by citing fivethirtyeight.com as giving him good odds to win
California.

"They're very good at what they do. 538 currently has the odds of the Cruz
campaign at 61%."

block-time published-time 4.56pm BST

Ryan to rule out White House - report

House speaker Paul Ryan has announced an afternoon news conference, and reports
based on leaks say that he will absolutely rule out any run at or drift into the
White House via a contested Republican convention in July:

enltrBREAKING: US House speaker Paul Ryan to make a statement at 3:15 p.m ruling
himself out as candidate 'once and for all': spokesman

- Reuters Politics (@ReutersPolitics) April 12, 2016

enltrNEWS: Ryan aide: Speaker Ryan will make a statement at RNC this afternoon
to to rule himself out (POTUS) & put this to rest once & for all

- Luke Russert (@LukeRussert) April 12, 2016

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 5.01pm BST

block-time published-time 4.34pm BST

All three morning candidate events have ended.

Kasich has just sent an email fundraising off his speech about "two paths"
ahead:

One is espoused by the other candidates - it's riddled with negativity about
America...it drags us into a ditch and it divides us.

The other path is one that I've focused my entire campaign on. It's one that
offers American families a positive vision for the future of our country.

Kasich at the La Salle Institute in Troy, N.Y., on Monday. Photograph: Hans
Pennink/AP

block-time published-time 4.13pm BST

Has it only been a year since Clinton announced  she was running for president?

enltrOne year ago today. https://t.co/DNtMxhzKk3

- Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) April 12, 2016

And there are only 209 days to go till the election. This is all happening so
quickly.

block-time published-time 4.04pm BST

Here's a transcript of the section of the Kasich speech in which he  attacked
rivals Ted Cruz and Donald Trump, via CNN:

enltr. @JohnKasich with a rather extensive policy-by-policy attack on @tedcruz &
@realDonaldTrumppic.twitter.com/oU5t1JwQzo

- Phil Mattingly (@Phil_Mattingly) April 12, 2016

block-time published-time 4.01pm BST

The three candidate events - Kasich, Sanders, Clinton - currently running have
distinct flavors. The Sanders event is clamorous. The Kasich event is a lecture.
The Clinton event feels like a tech conference.. with a baby:

enltrthe panel on #equalpay interrupted by a gurgling/crying baby

- Jana Kasperkevic (@kasperka) April 12, 2016

block-time published-time 3.51pm BST

"This path to darkness is the antithesis of all America has meant for 240
years," Kasich says.

"We can't sit by idly and expect fate or destiny to... rescue us. We always roll
up our sleeves and get to work when the going gets tough. And we have never ever
seen America's spirit fail.... The spirit of our country rests in us, all of us.
America is still great."

block-time published-time 3.48pm BST

Ohio governor John Kasich has begun his speech laying out "two paths" for
America. A live stream is here. The Guardian's Raya Jalabi is in the room.

Kasich is attacking Trump:

"When we come together, when we unite as a country, America always wins... Some
who feed off the angers and fears felt by some of us... feed their own
insatiable desires for fame or attention. That could drive America down in a
ditch, and not make us great again."

enltr. @JohnKasich praises history of the National Women's Republican Club as
founded by activists for women's suffrage pic.twitter.com/SaTduLi32a

- Raya Jalabi (@rayajalabi) April 12, 2016

block-time published-time 3.44pm BST

Looks like a cozy breakfast this morning between senate judiciary committee
chairman Chuck Grassley and judge Merrick Garland, the Supreme Court nominee.
Grassley has refused to convene a hearing on Garland's nomination until the
election is over.

block-time published-time 3.40pm BST

Sanders is in the section of his stump speech in which he criticizes US trade
agreements which he points out Clinton supported.

Clinton, meanwhile, has taken a seat at the equal pay roundtable, joining six
interlocutors. The talk begins.

block-time published-time 3.32pm BST

Clinton has  begun her speech on equal pay, to be followed by a roundtable
sponsored by Glassdoor, an employment site.

There's a livestream here. We're looking for an embeddable one. Clinton is
saying that pay inequality women is a persistent problem.

enltr"Last time, I checked there is no discount for being a woman," she says.
"Groceries don't cost us less. Rent doesn't cost us less."

- Jana Kasperkevic (@kasperka) April 12, 2016

enltrClinton says she met a young man who got hired as a cashier at the same
store where his mom works... and he got paid more than his mom

- Jana Kasperkevic (@kasperka) April 12, 2016

block-time published-time 3.23pm BST

Sanders applies the line he's used in other states to New York: if turnout is
high, he says, " we're going to win here as well."

block-time published-time 3.22pm BST

Sanders picks up misreported Colorado delegate

Bernie Sanders won one more delegate in Colorado than first projected, the
Denver Post reports - and the Colorado Democratic Party has egg on its face.

The party misreported the March 1 caucus results from 10 precinct locations, the
Post reports. When the newspaper discovered its error, the party "was shared
with... Hillary Clinton's campaign by party officials but kept from Sanders
until the Post told his staff Monday night":

The revelation that the state party misreported the results to the public March
1 - and kept it quiet to all but the Clinton campaign for five weeks - comes as
Sanders promotes his case that he can win the Democratic nomination.

And it arises a day after the Colorado Republican Party faces blistering
criticism from Donald Trump and his supporters about how it awarded national
delegates in what the candidate called a "rigged" system.

Read the full piece here.

block-time published-time 3.18pm BST

Bernie Sanders has just taken the stage in Rochester - to very big cheers.
Here's a live stream:

block-time published-time 3.09pm BST

Hillary Clinton's arrival at a roundtable on pay equality in New York City has
been delayed by rain.

The Guardian's Jana Kasperkevic is at the scene, which you can observe for
yourself in the video stream below:

block-time published-time 3.06pm BST

Hello and welcome to our live-wire coverage of the race for the White House.
Hillary Clinton, John Kasich and Bernie Sanders all have morning events we'll be
covering here: Clinton will participate in a roundtable discussion on pay
equality in Manhattan; Sanders hosts a rally in Rochester at 10am and Kasich
delivers a speech about the "Two Paths" facing America at 10.30am.

Later Donald Trump will appear in Rome, New York, and Bill Clinton is scheduled
to pop up at a couple events in the city.

Anyone see today's NY Daily News?

enltrToday's front page... SKIT FOR BRAINS: Hil, Blaz blasted for "colored
people time" joke https://t.co/bJANl7NqcRpic.twitter.com/JlLPXJVSDE

- New York Daily News (@NYDailyNews) April 12, 2016

The cover refers to a comedy sketch Clinton and New York City mayor Bill de
Blasio performed at a weekend charity event in which the candidate gives the
mayor a hard time for taking so long to endorse her.

The mayor explains he was on "CPT", an acronym for "colored people time" that
some in the audience were shocked to hear issue from the mouth of the mayor, who
is white.

"Cautious politician time," Clinton replied. "I've been there". Also performing
in the skit was Leslie Odom Jr, a star of the hit musical Hamilton who is black.

Related:  Trump protests over 'crooked deal' in Colorado after Cruz win

Related:  Why I feel betrayed by Bernie Sanders | Lucia Graves

Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson extended his reign as Worst Surrogate Ever on
Monday by explaining his support for Trump as a blend of pragmatism and
desperation:

It was pragmatism, recognizing that John Kasich cannot win without a brokered
convention - which would guarantee a Democrat win - and recognizing that Ted
Cruz can bring conservatives but will have a very difficult time bringing
moderates and Democrats," Carson said on Kelley and Kafer. "I think that will be
pretty much a guaranteed loss also. So in terms of who can potentially win, I
think that would be Donald Trump. When I look at the consequences of not
winning, it's too horrible to even think about."

Thanks for reading and, as always, please join us in the comments.

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 5.02pm BST

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              771 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                           December 21, 2013 Saturday

US judge strikes down Utah's gay marriage ban

SECTION: AMERICAS

LENGTH: 416 words


SALT LAKE CITY - A federal judge struck down Utah's ban on same-sex marriage as
unconstitutional on Friday, handing a major victory to gay rights activists in a
conservative state where the Mormon Church wields considerable influence.

US District Judge Robert Shelby, ruling in a lawsuit brought by three gay
couples, found that an amendment to the Utah Constitution defining marriage as
exclusively between a man and a woman violated the rights of gay couples to due
process and equal protection under the US Constitution.

"The state's current laws deny its gay and lesbian citizens their fundamental
right to marry and, in doing so, demean the dignity of these same sex couples
for no rational reason. Accordingly, the court finds that these laws are
unconstitutional," Shelby said.

The judge's 53-page decision barred the state from enforcing its ban and adds to
growing momentum toward legalizing gay marriage across the nation.

It also touched off an immediate rush to the altar by gay couples, especially in
Salt Lake City, where a festive atmosphere broke out in the county government
building that played host to a string of impromptu weddings - including that of
a state senator to his longtime partner.

But a spokesman for the state's Attorney General's office said lawyers would
seek an emergency stay of the judge's order while the office appealed to a
higher court.

"I am very disappointed an activist federal judge is attempting to override the
will of the people of Utah," said Utah Governor Gary Herbert. I am working with
my legal counsel and the acting attorney general to determine the best course to
defend traditional marriage within the borders of Utah."

The ruling, if it is not stayed by a higher court, would make Utah the 18th
cstate to allow same-sex nuptials, adding to a growing number that have seen gay
marriage legalized in recent months.

On Thursday, the New Mexico Supreme Court ruled to allow same-sex marriage
across that state, ending legal ambiguity on the issue there. Last month, the
governors of Hawaii and Illinois both signed bills to legalize same-sex
weddings.

Shelby, in finding for the plaintiffs in the Utah case, rejected arguments by
the state that it had the right to define marriage free of interference from the
federal government.

"The court agrees with Utah that regulation of marriage has traditionally been
the province of the states, and remains so today," Shelby wrote. But he said any
state regulations must still comply with the US Constitution.


LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                              772 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                              June 30, 2008 Monday

Clark: McCain Oversold Military Experience

BYLINE: Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 729 words


General Wesley Clark, an adviser to Senator Obama, said yesterday that Senator
McCain has oversold his military and national security experience.

The Arizona senator "has been a voice on the Senate Armed Services Committee,
and he has traveled all over the world, but he hasn't held executive
responsibility," General Clark, one of Mr. Obama's chief foreign policy
advisers, said on CBS's "Face the Nation" program.

Even the squadron in the Navy that Mr. McCain commanded "wasn't a wartime
squadron," General Clark said. "He hasn't been there and ordered the bombs to
fall."

A spokesman for Mr. McCain, Brian Rogers, responded that the candidate is proud
of his military record and history of "putting the country first." He then
criticized Mr. Obama for not traveling to Iraq to see conditions firsthand since
January 2006, and for failing to practice the "new type of politics" the
Illinois senator has espoused.

"The reality is he's proving to be a typical politician who is willing to say
anything to get elected, including allowing his campaign surrogates to demean
and attack John McCain's military service record," Mr. Rogers said in an
e-mailed statement.

Mr. Obama, in an effort to shore up his foreign policy credentials, is planning
travel to Europe and the Middle East in the next few months, though his campaign
has not confirmed ABC News reports that he will travel to Iraq and Afghanistan.

McCAIN MEETS WITH BILLY GRAHAM, SON

Senator McCain met yesterday with evangelist Billy Graham and his son, Franklin,
at the family's mountaintop retreat.

The Republican presidential candidate, who is actively courting religious voters
and trying to reassure skeptical conservatives, visited privately with the
Grahams on the grounds of Little Piney Cove in the Blue Ridge Mountains in
western North Carolina.

"We had a very excellent conversation. I appreciated the opportunity to visit
with them," Mr. McCain said after the minute meeting.

"The senator and I both have sons currently serving in the military, and also
have a common interest in aviation," Franklin Graham said. "I was impressed by
his personal faith and his moral clarity on important social issues facing
America today."

SCHWARZENEGGER GRILLED ON 'MEET THE PRESS'

Governor Schwarzenegger, usually marveled at by the national press, found
himself being told by the host of yesterday's "Meet the Press" that if he ran a
private company the way he has run the state, he might have been fired by now.

Tom Brokaw, host of the NBC show through the presidential election, put a series
of confrontational questions to the governor in an interview taped in California
and aired yesterday.

"When you ran for governor in 2003, you ran as a fiscal conservative who would
change the system, who would bring business-like techniques," Mr. Brokaw said.
"Now, you are facing a $15 billion deficit here in California. Unemployment is
running at about 6.8%; you've got the worst housing crisis since the Great
Depression. If you were the CEO of a public company, the board would probably
say, 'It is time to go.'"

Mr. Schwarzenegger joked: "Are you always this positive?"

McCAIN ALLIES SHARPEN ATTACKS

Senator McCain's allies have seized on a new and aggressive line of attack
against Senator Obama, casting the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee
as an opportunistic and self-obsessed politician who will do and say anything to
get elected.

Mr. McCain typically leaves the sharpened criticism to others, in the hope of
being able to claim the high ground of conducting a "respectful" campaign. But
the abrupt shift in tone among his paid staff members, volunteer surrogates, and
other Republican staples of the cable news circuit is unmistakable, and
resembles the unified message the Republican Party used to paint Senator Kerry
as a flip-flopper in the 2004 campaign.

It also reflects a growing belief among Mr. McCain's strategists that the
campaign for the White House will be won or lost based on voters' view of Mr.
Obama's character. In a strategy memo released Thursday, Mr. McCain's top
political adviser accused Mr. Obama of "self-serving partisanship."

"In his time on the national stage, he has consistently put his party and his
self-interest first," Steve Schmidt said in the memo. "We have seen Barack Obama
forced to choose between principle and the interests of himself and his party.
He has always chosen the latter."

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              773 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                              April 9, 2006 Sunday

Letters to the editor

SECTION: RECORD; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 1720  words


Lawyers

Eric Smith's Cityscape column headlined "Legality collides with reality" (The
Capital, March 27) was interesting but not completely accurate.

Something untrue cannot be stipulated as being true. To do so would be an
ethical violation of the Maryland Lawyers Rules of Professional Conduct.

Lawyer jokes demean both an honorable profession and the teller of the joke.

Should the day come when Mr. Smith's property rights are threatened or his civil
liberty jeopardized, he will be eternally grateful that there was a "law geek"
to represent his interests.

JAMES A. McGUIRE

Annapolis

Defends school

I have subscribed to The Capital for 20 years and have never felt the need to
respond to a letter to the editor until now.

The writer of the letter headlined "Raps principal" (March 15) misreported
several facts. Unfortunately, your newspaper printed this letter without
checking these facts. That's irresponsible, libelous and in bad taste - but,
sadly, quite common for The Capital.

I have been a proud employee at Broadneck Elementary School for six years. Our
staff works hard to give all of our students a quality education.

I take exception to the letter writer's claims that our staff is inefficient,
ineffective and has low morale. The contrary is evident to anyone who enters our
school. Our principal, faculty and staff are highly efficient and effective.
Morale is good. Our working environment and internal relationships are thriving.

The printing of the letter only served to pull our staff together in support of
our administration, fellow staff members, parents and, of course, our students.

Our school has also enjoyed a great relationship with Capital reporters. They
have reported on numerous events at our school over the years. Whenever they
call and request students to participate in interviews, we gladly oblige and
have been delighted with the articles. Our school, contrary to the implication
of the writer of the letter, has nothing to hide.

Since The Capital was negligent in reviewing the supposed facts and allegations
in this letter, I ask that you cancel my subscription to The Capital
immediately.

KIM BAICAR

Arnold

Red light cameras

Your editorial on red light cameras (The Capital, April 4) said "you can't
justify such a program if it isn't cutting the number of accidents at these busy
intersections."

Why in the world not? The fact that $2.85 million in fines was levied means that
$2.85 million worth of law was broken. Running a red light is not only
dangerous, it is, first and foremost, against the law.

People who break laws should be punished. People who run red lights should be
severely punished. As someone who lost a relative because a scofflaw ran a red
light, I take these things seriously.

The intersections are clearly marked as being photo-enforced. This is not
entrapment. People need to slow down and obey the laws.

There's no way of telling how many accidents were prevented because of the
cameras. And if there were X number of accidents with the cameras, how do you
know there wouldn't have been ten times that many accidents without them?

If you break a law, you should pay a fine.

Let's keep the cameras. If they've prevented even one fatality, they're worth
their weight in gold.

DANE GLEASON

Annapolis

Moyer, crime

In an article (The Capital, Feb. 27) about recent shootings in Annapolis,
including the murder of Benjamin Evans Jr., Mayor Ellen Moyer was quoted as
saying, "A lot of the young black-on-black crime I think, is related to drugs."

In other words, to deflect any responsibility her administration has for
effectively dealing with violent crime in Annapolis, she essentially blames the
victims.

For all we know, Mr. Evans' only mistake was smoking a cigarette outside at
night. But whether any of the recent shooting victims was involved in illegal
drugs is beside the point. The real issue is the state of lawlessness in areas
of Annapolis. Criminals are committing these acts because they're pretty sure
they can get away with it.

The mayor's aptly named Let's Talk campaign includes a committee of
professionals looking into illegal drug use. It will release a "comprehensive
report" in October.

If the current rate of one shooting per week continues, then by October
approximately 32 more Annapolis residents will suffer the horrific pain of a
bullet ripping through their bodies, and some portion of them will be lost to
their families forever.

How many new police officers could have been hired with the money used to
produce this and countless other reports initiated by the mayor? Perhaps it's
time for a new campaign called "Let's Take Action."

JACQUELINE IANNUZZI

Annapolis Electric rates

Like most people, I am overwhelmed by the outrageous suggested rate increase of
72 percent by Baltimore Gas and Electric Co., or BGE.

How about 2 percent? That is what most of us can afford. Everyone I have spoken
with recently agrees wholeheartedly with two editorials on this subject (The
Capital, March 22 and 24).

We should delay the merger between Constellation Energy and Florida Power and
Light. Also, the state should be given back the $500 million subsidy.

The suggested rates by BGE would be devastating not only for the elderly but for
everyone. My brother is in his 40s and works several jobs to support a family of
four and pay for a home and a car. With prices always rising, one wonders: Will
it ever end?

ANN LLOYD

Annapolis

Meissner coverage

I congratulate Kimmie Meissner of Bel Air for being crowned the best female
figure skater in the world. Her first-place finish at the World Figure Skating
Championships is quite an accomplishment, particularly for such a young skater.

Kimmie is an elite athlete from Maryland with a brand-new world title. Why did
you relegate the Associated Press article detailing her accomplishment to the
bottom of the 10th page of the Sports section?

What process does The Capital use to determine which of numerous sports stories
is awarded front-page status? Obviously, the magnitude or scope of the athletic
accomplishment does not seem to be a determining factor. What does an athlete
have to do?

NAN BELLINI

Harwood

Stormwater runoff

The Capital has won well-deserved kudos from many citizens for its clear,
factual, well-researched, in-depth coverage of the stormwater runoff issue.

An Eric Smith column (The Capital, March 13) came as a shock, since Mr. Smith
did not interview any county stormwater utility proponents. Nor did Mr. Smith
show any interest in understanding our well-researched process, and he refused
point blank to correct his misinformed implications.

I am disturbed to discover that columnists have no responsibility to discover
truth or facts and are free to display their prejudices without regard for the
effect on readers or the subjects of their innuendo.

No doubt Mr. Smith will display his ferocious lack of fact-finding in further
columns that misrepresent sincere, well-researched, citizen-based work. We'll
continue our effort to provide for a future that will help residents swim with
confidence, eat tumor-free fish without fear of mercury poisoning, and drive on
roads whose 70 potential carcinogens are rendered harmless by beautifully
blooming rain gardens. (Seattle is installing such gardens with funds from its
stormwater utility.)

But I regret that may be the case. My father and uncle, who were both respected
national journalists, would sympathize with me, if they were here today. They
taught me the value of ethical journalism by their example.

ANNE PEARSON

Director

Alliance

for Sustainable Communities

Edgewater

Electric rates

I am one of the many Maryland citizens on a fixed income. Imagine my shock when
my recent budget electric bill increased by not 72 percent, but by a whopping 78
percent.

The Baltimore Gas and Electric Co., or BGE, representative with whom I spoke
confirmed that the increase was 78 percent and explained why the increase was
taking place now - it is in anticipation of the July increase.

Although he offered me several options, he did not, however, explain why, in my
case, the expected 72 percent increase had become a 78 percent increase.

The options offered to me:

BGE would reduce the increase by a small, unknown amount.

I could pay only for the kilowatt hours used per month.

I could pay what BGE is asking and hope for a credit at the next settlement
month, which in my case will be February 2007.

When on a budget plan, for any month in which the amount of electricity used
exceeds the budgeted amount, we are charged 6 percent on the debited amount -
another reason to wait until the dust settles before deciding whether to go back
on a budget plan.

For now, I choose to pay for only the amount of electricity I actually use per
month.

I am still wondering: Why the 78 percent increase? Can anyone answer this
question?

SALLY B. SMITH

Arnold

Beakes ruling

Our county attorneys performed admirably in winning the Beakes case recently,
yet The Capital refuses to give them credit.

Linda Schuett and Andrew Murray took on one of the nation's premier law firms in
federal court and beat it. That's exactly the type of outcome we taxpayers hope
for.

Yes, the murder of Yvette Beakes was horrific, and we all feel compassion toward
her family. But she died at the hands of violent criminals who abducted her in
the night, took her to Baltimore in a van, and killed her there. Speculation
about whether a more savvy 911 operator could have altered this tragic outcome
is just that - speculation.

The legal principle that carried the day is a vital one: Local governments
cannot be held to pay civil damages when they fail to rescue citizens from
thugs. If it were otherwise, municipalities would face unlimited liability for
the acts of criminals and soon be bankrupt.

This is not some novel theory that our county attorneys concocted. It has long
been recognized by Maryland's appellate courts. If columnist Eric Smith doesn't
understand the doctrine or thinks it is "malarkey" (The Capital, March 27), then
he should read Andrew Murray's excellent brief in the Beakes case. U.S. District
Court Judge Marvin Garbis did, and then ruled for the county, as the law of
Maryland required.

When our hometown lawyers excel in federal court on behalf of the citizenry,
they should be applauded and thanked by the hometown newspaper, not questioned
and ridiculed as The Capital has done.

JOHN SIMCOX

Annapolis

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2006 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              774 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                            January 23, 2005 Sunday

OUR TIME;
Aging advice from a `Golden Girl'

BYLINE: BY JANE GLENN HAAS, THE ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER

SECTION: LIFE

LENGTH: 715 words


Rue McClanahan is a ``Golden Girl,'' a woman of a certain age who wants to put
her best face forward at all times.

And she spends a lot of time prepping for public exposure.

I'm sitting beside her at a luncheon. She's already had her hair and makeup
professionally done. Now she's called the makeup artist over to the table for a
``touch up,'' pushing aside her vegetarian plate to get a bit more blush brushed
on her cheeks.

There's good reason for McClanahan's vanity.

She's about to tell 1,000 people -- also of a certain age -- why the ``B.S.''
about aging makes no sense.

And before you can fluff off aging, you have to fluff up yourself.

The ``B.S.'' as defined by McClanahan is the ``Belief System'' that demeans
anyone over 65 as being a useless human being.

Successful aging, she says, demands attention to detail.

``Don't trot off into the sunset,'' she told the 1,000 seniors at the St. Joseph
Hospital Day of Wellness luncheon. Be assertive. ``Age disgracefully,'' she
said.

What else do you expect to hear from the actress who played Blanche Devereaux,
the man-hungry senior, for seven ``Golden Girls'' seasons.

McClanahan won't reveal her age -- but she loves to tell that all the other
``Golden Girls'' are 83. She will acknowledge that her sixth and current
marriage is her best and that she loves living in Manhattan because ``New York
is extremely enthusiastic about seeing me.''

We chatted before she made her public appearance, meeting in a ``green room''
where platters of fruits and vegetables and champagne flutes full of yogurt
stood untouched.

McClanahan takes her public appearances seriously. She can't live on the
residuals from ``The Golden Girls,'' she says, so she is always looking for
extra work.

Her toughest job is getting past the image of Blanche and persuading directors
she can play other parts.

She was born in Oklahoma and named Eddi-Rue, after her parents, William Edwin
and Doreda Rheua-Nell. She has a degree in German, and she is a survivor -- of
life, of marriage, of breast cancer, to name a few.

She is wearing black slacks and top with a pink jacket, a gray-and-pink scarf
draped around her neck. Every red hair of her ``do'' is done. Her earrings hook
around her lobes because allergies forced her to give up pierced earrings.

And she is mentally serene.

``It's a chemical fact that mental attitude affects your health,'' she tells the
seniors.

And the ``B.S.'s'' affect our mental attitude so toss them out, she adds.

The first ``B.S.'' is you can't teach an old dog new tricks.

That's phony, McClanahan says. People who believe in their abilities can handle
what life throws their way. But you have to keep yourself healthy. That means
eating correctly and exercising. Frequent sex and lifting weights also help
build stamina, she adds.

The second ``B.S.'' is that the horse is out of the barn -- that it's too late
to undo the damage done by eating fatty foods or smoking or not exercising.

``Weight matters, not age,'' McClanahan says. She urges the seniors to eat
fruits and vegetables and to drink green tea.

The third ``B.S.'' is that successful aging depends on choosing your parents
wisely. ``It's much more important to choose your lifestyle wisely,'' McClanahan
says.

Finally, her last ``B.S.'' is ``the lights may be on but the voltage is low.''
She's talking, of course, about sex. Health is what makes the difference in
enjoying sex, she says. Age has nothing to do with it.

``Health is the major factor for men,'' McClanahan says. ``Aging women are
always available, on the other hand.''

She winks. She pouts. She flirts.

She proves her final point.

``Years may wrinkle the skin,'' McClanahan says, ``But to give up enthusiasm
wrinkles the soul.''

(714) 796-7987 or jhaas@ocregister.com

`Girl Talk' at WomanSage

``Girl Talk: The Language of Women'' is the topic Saturday at the Wo manSage Tea
in the O.C. Authors Carolyn See and Lisa See will discuss the topic at the
event, beginning at 1 p.m. at the Mission Viejo Country Club.

Jennifer Hawthorne, author of ``Chicken Soup for the Woman's Soul,'' will speak
on the ``Soul of Success'' at the Feb. 8 WomanSage meeting. The group meets at
6:30 p.m. at First American Corp., One First American Way, Santa Ana.

For more information, or to RSVP to attend either event, call (949) 222-4210 or
go to www.womansage.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: `Girl Talk' at WomanSage ``Girl Talk: The Language of Women'' is the
topic Saturday at the Wo manSage Tea in the O.C. Authors Carolyn See and Lisa
See will discuss the topic at the event, beginning at 1 p.m. at the Mission
Viejo Country Club. Jennifer Hawthorne, author of ``Chicken Soup for the Woman's
Soul,'' will speak on the ``Soul of Success'' at the Feb. 8 WomanSage meeting.
The group meets at 6:30 p.m. at First American Corp., One First American Way,
Santa Ana. For more information, or to RSVP to attend either event, call (949)
222-4210 or go to www.womansage.com. JaNe Glenn Haas Register columnist

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Orange County Register


                              775 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                   July 30, 2004 Friday MORNING FINAL EDITION

ENTERTAINER MAINTAINS HIS STANCE ON BLACKS, TELLS EDUCATORS TO HELP

BYLINE: From Mercury News wire services

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 443 words


Entertainer Bill Cosby defended his controversial comments on blacks, adding
that the music industry is "glorifying the wrong things" as he spoke about
parenting and children at a college conference in South Carolina.

Cosby made headlines in May during a speech at Stanford University when he
criticized some blacks for their grammar and accused them of
squanderingopportunities the civil rights movement gave them. Then earlier this
month, the 67-year-old comedian said blacks should not blame whites for their
problems and urged them to re-examine their own lives.

"I'm going to keep on saying what I've been saying," he said Wednesday, speaking
to a group representing 118 historically black colleges and universities
nationwide, the National Association for Equal Opportunity in Higher Education.

He said the music industry glorifies music that demeans women, praises life in
jail and uses profanity.

Cosby went on to say college educators should prepare students to help
low-income blacks from backgrounds of violence and single-mother households.
Instead of joining the Peace Corps and going to Africa, "go across the street
into the projects. These are people who need to see another picture, a brighter
picture," he said.

On actress' side: Anna Nicole Smith is jumping to the defense of Kirstie Alley,
though it's not clear she needs the help.

Referring to the media's coverage of Alley's increased weight since her days on
"Cheers," Smith, a former plus-size model, told syndicated entertainment TV show
"Access Hollywood" this week: "They are just being so mean to her." Alley's
weight problems have been well documented by the tabloids, but she's not running
from them. In a reality-comedy series for Showtime, the 53-year-old actress will
send up her image, as well as Hollywood's obsession with weight and beauty. The
half-hour series, "Fat Actress," will air next year.

Smith has dealt with her own tabloid coverage, including reports on her recent
69-pound weight loss. She insists she hasn't had bypass surgery or liposuction.
Instead, Smith says the slimming down is due to a healthier diet and a
weight-loss supplement she advertises.

'Celebutant' hostesses: Who better to preside over awards such as "Choice Hissy
Fit" and "Choice Liplock" than Paris Hilton and Nicole Richie?

The so-called "celebutants" from the Fox reality show, "The Simple Life 2," will
host the 2004 Teen Choice Awards, Fox has announced. The awards show, scheduled
to be taped Aug. 8 at the Universal Amphitheatre in Los Angeles, will also
include appearances by Britney Spears, Lindsay Lohan, Usher and Ashton Kutcher.
It will air Aug. 11.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: PEOPLE

GRAPHIC: Photos (5);
PHOTO: PETE MAROVICH -- CAROLINA MORNING NEWS
Bill Cosby defends his comments about blacks Wednesday to the National
Association for Equal Opportunity in Higher Education.
PHOTO: Smith
PHOTO: Alley
PHOTO: Hilton
PHOTO: Richie

                     Copyright 2004 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              776 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           December 23, 2003, Tuesday

WEIRD BUT TRUE

BYLINE: Bill Hoffmann, Wire Services

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 021

LENGTH: 340 words


The key to happiness - and sanity - for women may be to spend their entire lives
single, new research suggests.

A poll of 4,500 men and women found gals who stayed single enjoyed much better
mental health than those who'd wed or split from a partner.

Oddly, the same was not true for men, who fared better mentally if they were in
a relationship, researchers at the University of London found.

*

A security guard in China may sue a woman who calls her dog Security Guard.

The guard, named Chen, was patrolling the Shekou District when he heard the
woman shout, "Security Guard!" When he rushed to help, he discovered she was
only calling her dog.

He says the dog's name demeans his profession.

*

Maine fishermen Jim Bright and Chris Costello never imagined when they dressed a
female lobster in a Barbie outfit - including little pink high heels - that it
would save her from the steam pot. But it has - at least 10 times. As a joke,
the pair from Mount Desert Island dolled up the crustacean and threw her back -
but every time somebody else caught her, they did the same thing.

If the lobster survives until next season, "we have our spring fashions all
ready to go," Costello said.

*

A Kenyan man cut off one of his testicles in protest during a fight with his
wife - then walked naked to the police station to report the incident.

Cops rushed Stephen Ongala, 26, to a hospital after he stumbled into the station
house in the border town of Busia, bleeding heavily. And there may be more
trouble for him ahead.

"If we get evidence that he tried to take his life, then we may charge him
because it is a criminal offense," said deputy police chief Shadrack Maithya.

*

Over-the-hill chimpanzees will soon be spending their retirement years in a
Louisiana old-folks home.

Construction has begun in Shreveport on Chimp Haven, where up to 300 simians,
many of them used in lab tests or as circus performers, will be able to roam on
200 acres of grass and woods.

And, yes, bananas will be on the menu.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              777 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    September 5, 1999, Sunday, Final Edition

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

SECTION: LOUDOUN EXTRA; Pg. V02; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 506 words



Memorials, for a Price

The decision to name the Northern Virginia Community College's newest building
after former state senator Charles L. Waddell ["NOVA to Break Ground on Arts
Center," Loudoun Extra, Aug. 26] arouses a pet peeve of mine concerning
memorializations. Mr. Waddell is purported to have struggled to get funding for
the college. His personal funds were not involved in the building of the campus
nor are any of his funds involved in the construction of the new addition. My
guess would be that funding was part of the "back scratching" that goes on in
every legislative body in this nation. Furthermore, Mr. Waddell is still alive,
and I do not believe in memorializing the living.

This brings to mind another "naming" by county officials, and that was Franklin
Park. Here again, the Franklin family did not establish the park with its own
funds. In fact, the family made out quite well financially by getting $ 2
million for 200 acres at a time when prime developable property in the county
was not marketable. The park should be renamed.

When public funds are involved, memorialization should be reserved for those who
lost their lives in service to their country. Memorializing for any other
reason, no matter how compelling, demeans the memory of those who made the
ultimate sacrifice.

PHIL DELIANIDES

Philomont


Water Restrictions Necessary?

We need a better explanation why there are mandatory water restrictions in
Loudoun County. It's not because we haven't had enough rain. According to The
Washington Post, there have been over 27 inches of rain between January and the
end of August of this year--slightly more than the normal rainfall expected at
Dulles International Airport. A drought, defined as 15 percent or more below
average rainfall, just doesn't fit the facts.

What's up with the doom and gloom on water availability?

EDWARD R. MYERS

Sterling


A Disservice to the Mentally Ill

A lead article Aug. 29 described the cost-cutting measures being brought about
by Loudoun Healthcare Inc. ["50 Laid Off as Hospital Cuts Costs"]. In an
interview, the present interim chief executive, Joseph A. Ruffolo, described the
measures as, "We are not closing any major services."

More than one high-quality national survey has shown that in the United States,
between 10 and 25 percent of the population in any region suffer from
psychiatric disorders. Practicing physicians have often estimated that 40
percent of their patients suffer from significant mental health disorders.

As a former professor of psychiatry at the University of Michigan, I beg to
differ with Mr. Ruffolo: Closing the outpatient counseling program at Loudoun
Healthcare Inc. is closing a major service.

It is true that managed care discriminates against psychiatry and counseling
reimbursements. This underscores the current effort in Congress to pass a law
forbidding health insurance companies from the current discrimination against
the mentally ill.

WELLS GOODRICH, MD

Hillsboro


LOAD-DATE: September 05, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              778 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     July 7, 1999, Wednesday, Home Edition

Editorials;
 House bill shouldn't have a prayer

BYLINE: Staff

SOURCE: Constitution

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 18A

LENGTH: 334 words

In response to America's tragic spate of school shootings, Rep. Helen Chenoweth
(R-Idaho) suggested a simplistic, feel-good remedy last week: a congressional
declaration of "a national day of prayer, fasting and humiliation." The good
news is that the U.S. House defeated her resolution to that effect; the bad news
is that she is determined to bring it back for reconsideration.

This is not to say the terrible events of Littleton et al. aren't matters for
solemn reflection and prayer. They are, but individually and voluntarily - --
not en masse as a kind of civic obligation.

The latter interpretation was clearly written into Chenoweth's resolution. It
speaks of "the necessary duty of the people of this nation . . . to humbly offer
up our prayers and needs to Almighty God."

Necessary duty? As Rep. Jack Edwards (D-Texas) remarked, "To even suggest that
prayer should be a government-dictated duty demeans the very sanctity of prayer
. . . God gave us . . . the gift of free will . . . What right under heaven does
this Congress have to infringe upon that divine gift?"

Chenoweth's call to prayer may spring from the purest of motives. Skeptics will
note, however, that as one of the Second Amendment's most flamboyant advocates,
she may merely be trying to divert attention from more restrictive gun-control
legislation. And her resolution may also turn out to be a litmus test for her
religious-right allies so they can label candidates "pro-prayer" and
"anti-prayer" in next year's congressional election campaigns. That would
distort this issue in a way that is absolutely sinful.

Since her resolution fell only a few votes short of passage, Chenoweth intends
to get it on the House agenda later this session. Her House colleagues should be
advised, however, that the country has had an officially designated annual
National Day of Prayer for years, observed voluntarily on the first Thursday of
May. How many National Days of Prayer does Chenoweth think this country needs?

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic
A woman praying / ArtToday

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              779 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 17, 1996, Tuesday, Final Edition

Tomorrow Never Comes

Tony Kornheiser

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E01; TONY KORNHEISER

LENGTH: 993 words


Hang the black crepe. Start playing the dirges.

The Redskins are dead this season.

Just a couple of months ago, in the afterglow of the 31-16 victory over the
Colts, Jack Kent Cooke sat in his box, bursting with joy and gladness, and said
grandly, "We know we're going to the playoffs; that's as inevitable as tomorrow,
but not quite as imminent."

And who could begrudge his euphoria? The Redskins had won seven games in a row.
Yes, there was some concern about the strength of schedule they had played --
but they had the best record in the NFL. With eight games left, including two
with Arizona and one with Tampa Bay, how could the Redskins not win enough games
to cinch the playoffs? Most of us figured at worst they'd go 10-6.

You know what happened.

They collapsed like a Malibu stilt house in a mudslide.

(I would call them "choking dogs," but it might demean those other guys, who
actually make the playoffs.)

The knockout blow -- and it was so low it could have been from Andrew Golota --
came Sunday in Arizona. Once again the Cardinals came from behind in the last
quarter. Once again Kevin Butler hit a game-winning, final-play field goal. The
first Cardinals game was surreal because of Boomer Esiason, who morphed into
Johnny Unitas. The second was surreal thanks to a chorus of strange calls and
noncalls: The Matt Turk nonpunt; the Eric Swann knees-down lateral; the Anthony
Edwards catch and fumble that was called no catch, and worst of all, Romeo,
Romeo, wherefore art thou hands, Romeo? If you twisted Kent Graham's head any
further we'd have been watching "The Exorcist."

The good news is that for the first time in four seasons the Redskins were
playing meaningful games in December. The bad news is that they lost them. With
their whole season on the line in Arizona, the Redskins lost to a group that not
only had no playoff incentive, but also was embroiled in a disruptive, public
quarterback switch. Washington should have jumped on the Cardinals early, and
demoralized them. Instead, Washington let Arizona go 69 yards in 14 plays to
score its first opening-drive touchdown in 41 games! (To add insult to injury,
there were 10 Redskins on the field on the touchdown play.) When the Redskins
finally righted themselves, and paddled to a 23-14 lead in the third period,
their offense vaporized, a condition that's become common in the latter stages
of games. Nobody in town is holding the offense to the fire, because they're all
busy torching the defense. But these past few games it's not like anybody's
mistaking the Redskins for Griese, Kiick, Csonka and Warfield. Please don't
blame it all on Ed Simmons being out. If I let you get away with that, then next
you'll blame the bad draft picks on Simmons being out, and then it's just a
matter of time until you bring up the Lindbergh baby.

Now, 8-7 is no disgrace when it follows 3-13 and 6-10. In fact, it's progress,
which would normally be saluted. But in a town that lives by spin, I'm not sure
even a maestro such as James Carville could make the last half of the Redskins'
season into chicken salad. When you go from 1-7 to 8-7, that's great, that's a
team on the move. But when you go from 7-1 to 8-7, that's a team breaking down.
You see, all 8-7s are not created equal.

So, as the Eagles say, "Somebody's gonna come undone, there's nothing we can
do."

(But first the Venturi Update: Rick "Knute" Venturi had a Claus von Bulow-like
reversal of fortune Sunday, beating Dave "Slingin' Sammy" Brown and the
cryogenic Giants. The Meadowlands has been bera, bera good to Venturi; he's 2-0
in Jersey. He's 1-49-1 everywhere else. The 2-0, though, may be enough to
persuade Leon Hess to name Venturi coach of the Jets.)

The defense has broken hearts. Time and time again Redskins games come down to a
last drive by an opponent. Sometimes the Redskins hold 'em, like against the
Eagles in Philly. But too often the Redskins fold 'em -- against the 49ers;
twice against Arizona. It's rare that the defense gives the Redskins a chance to
breathe, let alone relax. That "scheme" everyone talks about seems to be
inspired by "Gaslight."

Norv Turner has drafted offense first: Heath Shuler, Michael Westbrook, Andre
Johnson (and by the way, what's the deal with this guy? I know people in the
National Guard who are in uniform more than he is.) Other than Sean Gilbert, who
was, in effect, the Redskins' No. 1 draft pick this year, the defense has been
patched up through free agency. Some of the more pricey personnel -- James
Washington, Stanley Richard and Rod Stephens -- have been among the least
effective. There is a nontackling epidemic on this club. How can it be Ron
Lynn's fault that Larry Centers ran over Stanley Richard? What's Lynn supposed
to do, go out there with a tuna net?

The offense has been getting more production from low-round draftees and
unheralded free agents (Gus Frerotte, Jamie Asher, Leslie Shepherd, Marc Logan)
than the defense. The offense has gotten better in Turner's three years.
Statistically, the defense has gotten worse. That's indefensible. It seems clear
that you build a winner in the NFC through defense. The best four teams in the
conference -- Dallas, Green Bay, San Francisco and Carolina -- are ranked No. 1,
No. 2, No. 5 and No. 10 in the NFL in defense. The Redskins are ranked No. 30.
On those occasions Westbrook is on the field, at least the offense shows sparks.
On defense the only sparks that will make the fans happy would come from an
electric chair.

The Redskins might have come to that spot in the road where they're spinning
their wheels, and they must make changes for the sake of change. There are too
many third and longs being converted, too many killing last drives being
allowed. The gods must be appeased with a sacrifice. It shouldn't surprise
anybody if Lynn is made the scapegoat, and he is sent into the wilderness with
the sins of the players loaded on his back.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              780 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                            August 23, 2012 Thursday

Strong advocate for women

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 629 words


Friday August 24, 2012

BOSTON

There's an old saying in campaigns that goes something like "the more desperate
a candidate gets, the uglier and more misleading their attacks be come."
Unfortunately, the Sen ate race in Massachusetts is no exception to the rule, as
this week my opponent launched a campaign of distortion about my record of
supporting women.

I take this personally, because as a husband of 26 years and the father of two
wonderful daughters, I have been a strong advocate for women's issues in the
Senate, often breaking party ranks and building bipartisan support for
legislation that women care deeply about. I am pro-choice and support a woman's
right to choose. There are people of goodwill on both sides of this issue, but I
believe that Roe v. Wade is the law of the land, and that a woman should be able
to make what is a very personal and difficult decision in consultation with her
doctor and family.

In fact, when Todd Akin, a Senate candidate in Missouri, recently made
outrageous comments about abortion and rape, I was the first to publicly call on
him to end his candidacy for the Senate. There is no place in our society for
his kind of insulting and ignorant rhetoric that demeans women everywhere.

In the Senate, I've backed up my words with action. I believe it is wrong that
women in the military who suffer the horrible tragedy of rape currently have to
pay for their own abortions. That's why I have been working with Republicans and
Demo crats to change the law, earning praise from the New York Times for the
effort. And when Republicans sought to defund Planned Parenthood, I fought the
effort and voted to preserve funding so women can continue to benefit from
family planning and health services.

As someone who experienced the horror of domestic violence as a young boy, I've
also been a leading supporter of the Violence Against Women Act, which funds
programs to help domestic violence victims and boost law enforcement efforts to
prosecute offenders. I broke with my party so the bill could pass in the Senate.

Perhaps no issue affects women more than the bad economy. There are nearly 6
million women who are unemployed today, and the poverty rate among women is on
the rise. My opponent, Elizabeth Warren, would make matters worse. She has
adopted a hostile attitude toward businesses. As the originator of the "You
didn't build that" philosophy, she believes that government is responsible for
the success of the private economy and the way to create jobs is to raise taxes
and increase spending.

As if the current jobs crisis didn't make things difficult enough, sadly, too
many wo men still face pay or hiring discrimination. As a father of two young
women at the start of their careers, I do not tolerate the idea that they, or
any woman, would be treated any differently than a man in the workplace. I
believe employers who discriminate should be prosecuted aggressively under the
Equal Pay Act and the Civil Rights Act, and I support equal pay for women in the
workplace. I also support the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, which became law in
2009 and allows women who suffered pay discrimination to take their case to
court.

I am the son of a single mom who often worked multiple jobs just to put food on
the table. My wife Gail has been a working mother our whole married life, and my
daughters are now beginning their careers. Like every family, we talk about
social and economic issues that affect their lives, and I take my personal
experiences with me when I vote in the Senate. I've been blessed to be
surrounded by strong and ambitious women. I am a better senator for it, and I
will continue to fight to advance issues important to their health, safety and
equality.

Scott Brown is the Republican U.S. senator from Massachusetts.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              781 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            January 30, 2006 Monday

HONOR GUARDS - FIGHTING BACK ON 'FLIGHT 93'

BYLINE: Linda Stasi

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 95

LENGTH: 605 words


"Flight 93"

Tonight at 9 on A&E

* * * *  (four stars)

DISGUSTED. Angry. Outraged. Nauseous.

All these emotions and more rose immediately to the surface as soon as the
advance DVD of "Flight 93" - an A&E made-for-TV movie about, yes, that flight -
arrived on my desk.

I was beside myself that someone would dare make a movie out of the anguished
deaths of 44 people aboard the flight that left Newark International airport
bound for San Francisco on the morning of Sept. 11, 2001. As you well know,
somewhere over Ohio, the plane was hijacked by terrorists who killed the crew,
took over the cockpit and aimed the aircraft, apparently, for the White House or
the Capitol.

It is also widely assumed that the passengers finally decided to take matters
into their own hands and crash the plane into a field rather than allow the
terrorists to crash it into the nation's capital.

For me, a reporter who lived through and covered and wept and raged here in NYC
- where the Twin Towers collapsed - the whole idea of commercializing this
horror was simply too much.

But because it is my job, I watched the movie and am here to tell you that it is
very moving and very terrifying. And very respectful.

The producers and director Peter Markle also go out of their way to neither
mythologize nor demean what happened on that aircraft that day. The script was
written from "fully annotated facts" that are in the public record, including
cell-phone and plane-phone conversations with loved ones on the ground and
flight-control centers, as well as documented communications between government
and military figures.

The movie begins with passengers and crew getting ready on the morning of Sept.
11.

The crew, Captain Jason Dahl (Barry Levy) and First Mate LeRoy Homer Jr. (Biske
Gugushe), is first alerted to the problems that are occurring that morning with
a warning on their computer (that went out to all fights) from air-traffic
control warning them of possible cockpit invasions.

Meantime, in the first-class section, the hijackers are preparing. One hijacker
goes into the bathroom and straps on a belt and then tapes explosives all around
it. Yes, they not only got onboard with carpet knives, but with packets of
explosives as well.

The actual taking of the plane begins with the grabbing of a flight attendant
and slashing her throat after forcing her to knock on the cockpit door.

The captain, unaware of a problem, disregards the warning and opens up. The
hijackers slash the throats of the pilots and take the plane.

Over the course of the next hour, we see what, according to the records, went on
in that plane - until the passengers and flight attendants decide to fill pots
with hot water and crash the cart into the cockpit door.

The script was written realistically, and the actors are all first rate -
including those who play the now-famous passengers Tom Burnett (Jeffrey
Nordling) and Todd Beamer (Brennan Elliot).

What is very curious, however, is at the end of the movie, after the plane
crashes, the firefighters are unable to actually find the plane! There is a big
hole, but no fuselage. There are small fires, but no giant one. There are bits
and pieces but nothing large, solid or burning.

This set me on a search on the internet for more information. Conspiracy
theorists still believe the plane was shot down or exploded in midair. Witnesses
on the ground dispute that.

After my initial disgust, I admit that "Flight 93" is a good tribute to the
brave souls aboard that plane. Now A&E should contribute all of the profits from
the movie to the Flight 93 Memorial Fund.

linda.stasi@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: "Flight 93" is reconstructed though phone calls and public records of
the tragedy.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              782 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             August 14, 2005 Sunday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

FLY LIKE AN EAGLE. Philly should tell T.O. to take hike

BYLINE: BY GARY MYERS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 75

LENGTH: 1270 words


Terrell Owens has turned the Eagles into a complete mess, dragging along Donovan
McNabb for the out-of-contol ride. And now there is only one way out for the
Eagles. They must get rid of T.O.

Trade or cut him immediately.

The Eagles can't be surprised how Owens has exploded after one relatively
tranquil season. If they are, they're fools. T.O. came just as advertised: Great
player who rips apart team chemistry, challenges his coach and demeans his
quarterback. He did it in San Francisco, he's doing it in Philly.

T.O is all about T.O. This circus is all about Owens wanting more money one year
into a seven-year deal. And with the Eagles refusing, he seems intent on taking
the team down with him. No player is worth that aggravation. Owens certainly is
not.

There is precedent for teams to say goodbye to disruptive players. Eric
Dickerson might have finished his career as the NFL's all-time leading rusher if
he stayed with the Rams, who had a great offensive line, and with coach John
Robinson, who always knew how to get the best out of running backs. But
Dickerson was so upset with his contract and was causing such a problem in 1987,
the Rams traded him to the Colts. He still went on to the Hall of Fame, but he
could have been the best ever.

Jon Gruden had enough of Keyshawn Johnson in 2003 and simply deactivated him the
last six games of the season before trading him to Dallas.

Owens' act in the first nine days of camp before Andy Reid threw him out was
transparent: He's doing all he can to force his way out of Philly. But will
anybody want him? Remember last year, the Ravens and Eagles were the only teams
willing to step up and trade for him. Now he's added a completely unattractive
chapter to his resume that should scare off any team that otherwise could use
the second best wide receiver in the league. As big a distraction as Randy Moss
was in Minnesota, the Vikes still got a No. 1 pick for him. No one is doing that
for Owens.

Besides, cap space is at a premium this time of the year and it's virtually
inconceivable anybody can pay Owens what he wants. "It's fantasyland," one GM
said.

Another general manager, who can use Owens, was asked if he would be interested.
"I can't get myself into that mindset," he said. "I guess if you take him, you
can't be thinking about team chemistry. You can't be considering what the other
players want. He can't even get along with McNabb and Donovan is not that
difficult."

McNabb lobbied Reid last year to acquire Owens, who wanted to play with McNabb.
Now Owens has completely turned on him.

"Keep my name out of your mouth," McNabb has said referring to Owens.

Owens came off as selfish and childish with agent Drew Rosenhaus by his side as
they were pleading his case for a new contract. You watch these two in action
and it's almost impossible not to say, "Who needs this?"

There were rumors of a deal months ago that would have sent Owens to the Raiders
to team with Moss, which would likely send Norv Turner into therapy. The
Redskins, after trading Laveranues Coles and Rod Gardner, could use Owens and we
know how Dan Snyder loves to collect big names. But Joe Gibbs couldn't keep
Coles happy, so if Snyder brings in Owens, then Gibbs could be asking Tony
Stewart to pick him up on his way to the next NASCAR race.

What about Tampa's Jon Gruden? Is there a veteran he doesn't want other than
Keyshawn? The Bucs are set at receiver. What about Bill Parcells? Owens would
send him right into retirement.

"If I'm the Eagles, I don't know what you do," one GM said. "I don't think you
can trade him. They are trying to win a championship."

The Eagles cut Freddie Mitchell in the offseason and Todd Pinkston is out for
the year with a torn Achilles. There is not much on the open market.
Cincinnati's Peter Warrick may be available. Koren Robinson, a former No. 1 pick
by Seattle, will be available once he gets out of alcohol rehab. Then there's
ex-Jet Curtis Conway, who seems to play for a different team every year. The
Eagles can never replace Owens on the field, but his deletion from the locker
room would make up for it. They did get to three straight NFC title games with
average receivers and when they finally broke through last year, Owens was
injured.

Owens said Reid told him to shut up last week and he told him the same. He told
offensive coordinator Brad Childress not to talk to him unless Owens spoke to
him first. Reid can live with this. After all, it took Parcells four months to
trade Antonio Bryant after Bryant threw a sweaty jersey in Parcells' face at an
offseason practice in June of last year.

But Reid can't accept Owens undermining McNabb. After Owens was critical of him
in the offseason, he has given McNabb the cold shoulder in camp. They have
expressed no desire to speak to each other. And McNabb says that's no problem.

"Oh, I can go the whole season without talking," McNabb said. "Oh, definitely."

The bottom line is nobody forced Owens to sign that contract with the Eagles
last year. In the first two years he would make $12 million, hardly a sign of
disrespect. So maybe the Eagles would cut him before $7.5 million in bonuses are
due in March. But if he had another great season and behaved himself, he would
still be able to cash in as a free agent. He has jeopardized all that.

He's due back in camp Wednesday. The Eagles should get rid of him first.

Weight watching

Ricky Williams is not having any trouble gaining weight despite practicing in
the brutal Miami heat. He reported to camp at 213 pounds and within two weeks
was up to 223 pounds. He was listed at 226 pounds before he walked out on the
Dolphins last year. The food at Dolphins camp must be pretty good compared to
what he was eating on his worldwide travels. ... Giants GM Ernie Accorsi said
the Jets' behavior at last week's practices did not jeopardize them getting an
invitation to come back next year. "I'm glad they came up here with that kind of
attitude," he said. "It was good for us. They came up here with an edge to
them."

Curtains

One player who will take a step backwards this season: Steelers QB Ben
Roethlisberger. He looked so much better than Eli Manning last season because of
all the pieces in place around him. But then he was exposed by the Jets and
Patriots in the playoffs and looked like a rookie. Surely, teams went to school
on how the Jets and Pats played him. And now look what's happened to that
firepower around him: Hines Ward is holding out, Plaxico Burress signed with the
Giants and Duce Staley is out for one month after knee surgery. At the moment,
he only has Jerome Bettis and Antwaan Randle El from his top five weapons last
season.

Late Hits

The 2010 Super Bowl is now available. It had been awarded to the Jets with one
little contingency: They get their new stadium on the West Side. Oops.

Two years ago, Redskins owner Dan Snyder was so proud of himself for raiding the
Jets of Laveranues Coles, Chad Morton, Randy Thomas and John Hall. Total signing
bonus: $24.1 million. How has that worked out? Coles is back with the Jets,
Morton was cut, Thomas is a solid guard and Hall is fighting Jeff Chandler to
remain the Redskins kicker.

Ex-Giants Carl Banks and Jim Burt were in Cowboys camp last week to help out
Bill Parcells. They were working with Dallas' defense, which is switching to the
3-4. Burt had a falling out with Parcells when he left the Giants after the 1988
season and went to the 49ers, so they have obviously settled their differences.
Banks worked for Parcells in the Jets' front office. Banks and Burt will always
be thought of as Giants, but they are part of Parcells' inner circle and are
loyal to him.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AP Disgruntled Terrell Owens leaves Eagles camp, unhappy about his
contract and on non-speaking terms with quarterback Donovan McNabb. If the
Eagles want to save their season, they'll tell Owens not to return.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Daily News, L.P.


                              783 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           October 18, 2008 Saturday

The Star Report: Sarah Palin's moment arrives on stage of 'SNL

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Entertainment; Gossip

LENGTH: 286 words


Sarah Palin can give as good as she gets.

The Republican vice-presidential nominee appeared on NBC-TV's "Saturday Night
Live" and played along as Tina Fey reprised her impersonation of the Alaska
governor.

Palin stood with executive producer Lorne Michaels late Saturday as the two
watched Palin stage a mock news conference. Palin lamented Michaels wouldn't let
her impersonate Fey on her show, "30 Rock," but Michaels said no one watched the
program anyway.

Palin then stood and smiled as "30 Rock" co-star Alec Baldwin confused Palin for
Fey and told Michaels he shouldn't let Fey demean herself by portraying the
governor.

Palin went on to deliver the show's signature starting line, "Live from New
York, it's 'Saturday Night.' "

Former "Soul Train" host accused of assault

Don Cornelius, 72, the former host of the television show "Soul Train," was
arrested on suspicion of domestic violence, police said Saturday. Police were
called to a reported domestic dispute at his Hollywood Hills home late Friday.
He was booked on suspicion of felony domestic violence, was released on $50,000
bail and ordered to appear in court next month. Police did not say whom
Cornelius was suspected of assaulting.

Crash survivor Barker out of hospital

Travis Barker is out of a Los Angeles burn center where he was being treated
after surviving a plane crash. The former Blink-182 drummer was released Friday
from the Grossman Burn Center. He had been there since Sept. 29 with second- and
third-degree burns. The burn center says Barker will be treated at home and is
expected to fully recover. Disc jockey Adam Goldstein, better known as DJ AM,
also survived the Sept. 19 crash in South Carolina. Two pilots and two other
passengers died.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              784 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Ledger (Lakeland, FL)

                             April 07, 2006 Friday

POLK EDUCATORS RALLY TO SHOW THEY WOULD FLUNK E-COMP PLAN;
PROPOSAL WOULD LINK TEACHER BONUSES TO STUDENTS' PERFORMANCE ON FCAT.PROTEST AT
LAKE MIRROR

BYLINE: JULIA CROUSE The Ledger

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 593 words


LAKELAND -- For many teachers, the state's new pay-for-performance bonus plan
was the breaking point.

About 350 red-clad teachers, school staff and administrators showed their
disdain for the bonus plan and the state's ever-increasing dependence on the
FCAT at a rally Thursday at the Lake Mirror amphitheater.

The effectiveness compensation plan, or E-Comp plan, ties teacher bonuses to
students' performance on the Florida Comprehensive Achievement Test, the state's
high-stakes test that determines school grades, school funding, student
promotion and high school graduation.

The top 10 percent of Florida's teachers, as determined by a DOE formula, will
be awarded a one-time bonus of at least 5 percent of their salary.

But teachers at the rally said they saw the pay plan as a political move that
demeans the teaching profession, punishes good teachers and puts too much stress
on students.

''I'm tired of being jerked around as the political winds blow,'' said Polly
Burkhart, a science teacher at Jewett Middle Academy in Winter Haven.

''Politicians continually try to overhaul our education system by mandating yet
another ridiculous idea that lacks reliable resources, has no proven track
record, is underfunded and undermines morale,'' she told the cheering crowd.

Polk's teachers union, the Polk Education Association, coordinated Thursday's
rally. School Superintendent Gail McKinzie and School Board members Frank
O'Reilly and Hazel Sellers spoke on behalf of the teachers and the union.

PEA negotiates with the district for the salaries and benefits of teachers,
paraeducators and secretaries. The union is a local affiliate of the state and
the national teachers' union.

About 40 percent of the 6,200 teachers in Polk County belong to the PEA, said
Marianne Capiozello, president of PEA.

Thursday's protest was billed as the ''Silent No Longer!'' Rally for Change.

The Florida Education Association has helped coordinate several similar rallies
throughout the state. Rallies have been held in Volusia County, Daytona Beach
and Broward County. Fort Lauderdale and Gainesville have rallies planned later
this month, said Mark Pudlow, a spokesman for the FEA.

Pudlow said this level of passion probably hasn't been seen since the 1968
teachers strike, when Florida educators walked out to protest the deteriorating
conditions at schools and educational funding.

''It happens about once every generation,'' he said.

Donna Adams, a first-grade teacher at Southwest Elementary School in Lakeland,
said she'd put up for too long with the increasing paperwork, FCAT stress and
new unfunded rules from the Department of Education.

''This is not helping students,'' she said. ''They are suffering from all this
testing and the stress of the FCAT.''

Despite numerous reassurances from the DOE, Adams said she can't understand how
the E-Comp bonuses can be considered equitable. The E-Comp plan assumes students
are the same, and they aren't, she said.

''These are children we're teaching, not robots,'' she said.

Silence means consent, said Ron Redd, a JROTC teacher at Lakeland High.

If teachers don't speak up, the rulemakers in Tallahassee won't know about the
frustrations they face, he said.

The rally wasn't just to rail against the FCAT and the E-Comp plan, Capiozello
said.

She encouraged the crowd to ''remember in November'' and get involved in the
political process and vote.

''We must become active for the future of our careers, our professions and, most
importantly, our students,'' she said.

Julia Crouse can be reached at julia.crouse@theledger.com or 863-802-7536.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: RICK RUNION/Ledger photos: Southwest Elementary schoolteacher Brenda
Mathewson holds a sign during the Polk Education Association's protest against
the state's proposed merit pay plan at the Lake Mirror Amphitheater in Lakeland
on Thursday. Below, Mulberry Middle School teacher Barbara Duncan, right, holds
a sign along with other teachers during the protest.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: WEB PUBLICATION


             Copyright 2006 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              785 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 30, 1985, Friday, Late City Final Edition

MOVIE TO HAVE DISCLAIMER

BYLINE: By ALJEAN HARMETZ, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section C; Page 6, Column 5; Weekend Desk

LENGTH: 411 words

DATELINE: HOLLYWOOD, Aug. 29


As a result of pressure by Asian-Americans, MGM/UA has agreed to put a
disclaimer on ''Year of the Dragon,'' a movie about drug traffic and gang
warfare in New York's Chinatown.

The disclaimer, which is to be attached by Tuesday to the almost 200 prints of
the movie playing in Los Angeles- and New York-area theaters, reads: ''This film
does not intend to demean or to ignore the many positive features of
Asian-Americans and specifically Chinese-American communities. Any similarity
between the depiction in this film and any association, organization, individual
or Chinatown that exists in real life is accidental.''

At a news conference today, Frank Rothman, chairman of MGM/UA, said that
although the company would remain ''zealously protective of our rights under the
First Amendment,'' it had never been the studio's intention ''to offend groups
of people.'' Michael Woo, Los Angeles's first Councilman of Asian descent, said
that MGM/UA had agreed to discuss a way of avoiding stereotyping in future films
by early consultation with Asian-American leaders.

''Year of the Dragon,'' which was directed by Michael Cimino and stars Mickey
Rourke as a pathologically uncompromising cop, has been picketed in Los Angeles,
New York, Washington, Boston and San Francisco. Asian-American leaders have
complained that the movie is not only racist but also sexist. They especially
criticize its depiction of a Chinese woman who appears to love the white hero's
brutal treatment and who is later raped by a gang of Chinese toughs.

Author Takes Action

Robert Daley, the author of the novel on which ''Year of the Dragon'' is based,
reportedly was so upset by the film version that he has sent copies of his book
to journalists, asking them to read it before or instead of seeing the film.

Mr. Rothman stopped short of agreeing to add the disclaimer to all 800 prints of
''Year of the Dragon'' currently in theaters. He said a decision on that would
be made next week. ''Year of the Dragon'' - a Dino de Laurentiis production that
is being released by MGM/UA under a multipicture deal - opened moderately well
at 982 theaters on Aug. 16. It sold $4 million worth of tickets its first
weekend and has sold $10 million so far. However, the movie dropped 30 percent
last weekend, which is a clear sign that it does not have good word of mouth.
The movie has most successfully attracted audiences in New York and Los Angeles,
cities with large Asian populations.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              786 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                           November 23, 2002 Saturday

Critical coaches fined for bad-mouthing refs

SOURCE: Herald News Services

SECTION: Sports; Notebook; Pg. E5

LENGTH: 681 words

The National Hockey League sent a strong message Friday: It will not tolerate
head coaches criticizing the work of referees.

Peter Laviolette of the New York Islanders was fined $10,000 and Florida
Panthers coach Mike Keenan $5,000 for comments critical of the officiating.

Laviolette was fined $5,000 for his comments after a game in Florida on
Wednesday night and another $5,000 for what he said following a game last Dec.
12 against New Jersey.

At the time, the NHL laid a conditional fine on Laviolette but said it wouldn't
collect the $5,000 as long as he didn't criticize the refs for a full year.

Keenan got in trouble after an overtime loss against the Atlanta Thrashers on
Tuesday night.

The game "was finished by the official, unfortunately," Keenan was quoted as
saying, referring to a holding penalty in overtime to Florida's Ivan Majesky.
"The thing that is almost more aggravating than that call was the non-call of
the direct knee on (Olli) Jokinen."

The NHL won't let coaches get away with it this year.

"Comments criticizing the performance of our on-ice officials violate the
constitution and bylaws of our league and demean our great game," Colin
Campbell, the NHL's executive vice-president and director of hockey operations,
said in handing down the fines. "Such behaviour will not be tolerated."

Leafs lose McCabe to injury

#Bryan McCabe, Toronto's top defenceman, will be lost two to four weeks to the
Maple Leafs with a cracked bone in his right foot.

McCabe originally hurt the foot while blocking a shot in Toronto's 5-2 loss at
St. Louis two weeks ago. He further injured the foot after blocking another shot
late in Tuesday night's 2-0 win against Boston.

"He was starting to round into form and playing like the Bryan that we knew last
year," said Leafs coach Pat Quinn, calling it a big loss.

The Leafs, 7-10-2-0, will welcome back forwards Alyn McCauley and Alex Mogilny
from injury for tonight's game against the Philadelphia Flyers.

Sabres demote goalie

The Buffalo Sabres demoted goaltender Mika Noronen to AHL Rochester on Friday
after going 0-4-1 as a starter this season. Noronen, who had a 2.75
goals-against average, already was behind regular starter Martin Biron on the
depth chart.

Bondra suffers back spasms

#Peter Bondra, the Washington Capitals' second-leading goal scorer, missed
Friday's practice with back spasms and is unsure when he will return. Bondra and
Jaromir Jagr are the only players who have scored regularly for the Capitals
(8-10-2), who have not won a game this season in which one of them did not
score.

News on Burke still bleak

#Phoenix Coyotes goalie Sean Burke's ankle injury is proving to be more serious
than expected.

In the latest evaluation, coach Bob Francis said it could be another six weeks
-- until early January -- before Burke returns. The absence of the Vezina and
Hart Trophy finalist, who won 33 games last season, temporarily made newcomer
Brian Boucher the team's No. 1 goaltender, with mixed results.

"Sean Burke single-handedly won us some games last year," general manager
Michael Barnett said Friday. "It would be erroneous to say you don't miss a
player with that capability."

Theodore close to returning

Goaltender Jose Theodore, who missed two games this week with a hip flexor
injury, said Friday he hopes to return to the Montreal Canadiens net this week.

"I feel good. The pain is going away," said Theodore, who may be in goal for the
Canadiens' game tonight against the Carolina Hurricanes.

Theodore injured his hip during a 5-4 overtime win over Pittsburgh on Monday
night.

Snow hit with suspension

New York Islanders goaltender Garth Snow was suspended for two games Friday for
attempting to injure Lightning player Sheldon Keefe in Thusday's game against
Tampa Bay.

Snow was assessed a match penalty for his actions during a goalmouth altercation
at 17:15 of the third period.

He will miss games tonight against the New York Rangers and Wednesday against
the Ottawa Senators. He will forfeit $12,777.78 for the suspension.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Sports; Column

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              787 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                          February 28, 2007 Wednesday
                                2 Tampa Edition

Famous or infamous?

BYLINE: MELANIE AVE, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: TAMPA & STATE; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 898 words



HIGHLIGHT: Some say the official state song, sung from a slave's perspective,
should be replaced.


Florida's famous state song about the Suwannee River, considered by many to be
racially insensitive, is entering troubled waters yet again.

A legislator wants to find a new song to replace Old Folks at Home, and Gov.
Charlie Crist agrees. "There are lyrics in it that are, in the opinion of some,
a derogatory reference to some time in our historical past that involves
slavery," Crist said. "I can't condone it."

Crist, who decided not to play the state song at his January inauguration, met
last week with state Sen. Tony Hill, D-Jacksonville, who is pushing to replace
it.

Stephen Foster, who was white, wrote the song in 1851 for a minstrel show in the
voice of a black slave longing for "de old plantation." It became Florida's
state song in 1935.

Better known as Way Down Upon the Swanee River, the song's chorus uses "darkeys"
to refer to African-Americans. Foster intended it as a way to humanize slaves,
but critics say it now demeans blacks.

"The time that that song was adopted," Hill said, "is not the Florida we know
today."

Hill wants Crist to lead the effort to change the song and solicit proposals for
a new one. Crist said he is reviewing Hill's proposal but would sign a bill to
change the song.

No bill has been filed.

At least two efforts to change the song failed in the Legislature in the past 20
years when supporters successfully argued how much it contributed to Florida's
history and tourism.

Some supporters say the offensive words in the song should simply be replaced.

"It made the Suwannee River popular all over the world," said Frank Thomas, 63,
of Lake Wales, a white folk singer who has written more than 500 songs about the
state. "I don't think any song today would be up to the standard."

Offensive lyrics

Thomas often performs the song at the annual Florida Folk Festival at the
Stephen Foster Folk Culture Center State Park in White Springs on the Suwannee.

Like many singers, including those at Jeb Bush's two inaugurations as governor,
he replaces other words for "darkeys."

African-American state Rep. Frank Peterman, D-St. Petersburg, said lawmakers
need to review the song, and if it's not retired, it should at least be altered.

"It seems to me that at least the parts that are offensive those need to be
changed," he said.

But state Sen. Arthenia Joyner, D-Tampa and a member of the black caucus, says
Florida needs a more appropriate song because it makes too many people cringe.

"The song needs to be taken off life support and killed," said Joyner.

Born in 1826, Stephen Foster spent most of his life in Pittsburgh and never
stepped foot in Florida.

Foster originally used South Carolina's Pee Dee River but changed it to the
Suwannee to fit the poetic meter of the lyrics, according to the University of
Pittsburgh's Center for American Music at the Stephen Foster Memorial. His
version misspells the river's name. It was the most popular song of its time,
selling hundreds of thousands sheet music long before recordings.

Foster hoped the song would show white audiences that slaves were "fully human,"
with the same hopes and dreams as whites, said Deane Root, director of the
Center for American Music at the University of Pittsburgh.

He said the song is no longer protected by copyright laws, so lawmakers could
easily change the offending lyrics.

"The song is so widely known all over world whether not it's retired by the
state of Florida isn't going to change the popularity of the song," Root said.

"It is possible to have state song and have no controversy whatsoever. A lot of
states have those songs and most people have not heard of them."

Precedent for change

Change or revising a state song is not unusual.

Old Folks at Home was not even Florida's first state song. It replaced Florida,
My Florida, by the Rev. Dr. C.V. Waugh, adopted by the Legislature in 1913.

In 1986, Kentucky modernized the lyrics of the Foster tune My Old Kentucky Home,
Good Night! by changing "darkies" to "people." In 1997, Virginia lawmakers
retired Carry Me Back to Old Virginny because of lyrics like "old massa."

In Florida, some lawmakers say Crist's inauguration last month proved Old Folks
at Home is finally on its way out.

State Rep. Dennis Baxley, R-Ocala, a descendant of a Confederate soldier, says
he is saddened by the latest move.

Changing the song, Baxley says, would be a politically correct rewriting of
history.

Times researcher Angie Drobnic Holan and staff writer Steve Bousquet contributed
to this report. Melanie Ave can be reached at (727) 893-8813 or
mave@sptimes.com.

OUR STATE SONG

Old Folks at Home

Way down upond de Swanee ribber,

Far, far away,

Dere's wha my heart is turning ebber,

Dere's wha de old folks stay.

All up and down de whole creation,

Sadly I roam,

Still longing for de old plantation,

And for de old folks at home.

Chorus:

All de world am sad and dreary,

Ebry where I roam,

Oh! darkeys how my heart grows weary,

Far from de old folks at home.

All round de little farm I wandered

When I was young,

Den many happy days I squandered,

Many de songs I sung.

When I was playing wid my brudder

Happy was I

Oh! take me to my kind old mudder,

Dere let me live and die.

One little hut among de bushes,

One dat I love,

Still sadly to my mem'ry rushes,

No matter where I rove

When will I see de bees a humming

All round de comb?

When will I hear de banjo tumming

Down in my good old home?

Source: Stephen Foster Memorial at the Center for American Music, University of
Pittsburgh.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO ILLUSTRATION, Foster Hall Collection, Center for American Music,
University of Pittsburgh Library System: This page from Stephen Foster's
sketchbook shows in his handwriting the lyrics to the song Old Folks at Home.
Notice on the second line of the song where he changed a word to say Swanee.
PHOTO: Stephen Foster

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              788 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

           August 5, 1997, Tuesday, DAILY: TORONTO; VANCOUVER EDITION

Points formula grew out of humble beginnings

BYLINE: Dan Proudfoot

SECTION: SECTION 3, SPORTS; Pg. 37, Auto racing

LENGTH: 566 words

DATELINE: Indianapolis, IN


You can still visit the bar in Daytona Beach where NASCAR's complex championship
points formula was doped out back in 1974.

''That's the Boot Hill Saloon,'' said Bob Latford, who developed the formula on
a cocktail napkin, working with fellow NASCAR employees. ''It's become a biker
bar. Back then, it was just a block from Bill France Sr.'s gas station.''

This is the system that handed Terry Labonte last year's championship when he
scored two wins, while Jeff Gordon, with 10 wins, finished second in points.

Critics mention this -- or Dale Earnhardt winning the '93 Winston Cup with six
victories while Rusty Wallace took 10 -- as a reason for change. But Gordon
himself is among those who say it's not broke, so don't fix it.

''If you change (it), does it demean the championship because Dale Earnhardt won
seven that way, Darrell Waltrip, Bill Elliott, on down the list?'' Gordon said.

''I think you can still win the most races, lead the most races, and still win
the championship.''

For those who contend the points system encourages cruising for points over
scrapping for wins, NASCAR counters that it serves its purpose perfectly.

A win scores 175 points, second 170, third 165 and so on in five-point
increments down to sixth. From seventh through 11th, the difference is three
points per place. And the points keep counting right down to 45th, good for 28
points.

In addition, each race leader scores five points. Another five go to the leader
of the most laps in any given race.

Latford, working now in press operations at various Winston Cup tracks, explains
the rationale. ''The championship is about how you did when you didn't win.

''Part of my thinking was, the guys who always put on the show took more of a
chance, and deserved a reward. Guys like Junior Johnson, Fireball Roberts and
Curtis Turner had never won a championship, but they were the sport's biggest
names.

''So I came up with five points for leading and five for leading the most. The
criticism I hear most is that the winner should score more points than he does,
but the race winner already gets more cash than anyone else, and the points
money is all about rewarding overall effort.

''Sure Jeff Gordon won 10 last year, but he also had six finishes that were
worse than Terry Labonte's worst.''

Not surprisingly, Labonte, who has yet to win a race this year but holds fourth
in Cup points, is a believer. ''The team that wins the most games doesn't always
win the Super Bowl or World Series,'' Labonte said. ''We wouldn't have very many
people at the last few races if the championship was decided five or six races
before the end of the season.''

Assuring an extended championship race may be the greatest stroke of genius in
the history of the Boot Hill Saloon. The title was decided by the outcome of the
final race, 15 years out of the past 18.

Also, in 11 of the past 14 seasons, the Winston Cup winner has been the driver
who has won the most races. ''It's given us a deserving champion every year,''
Latford said. ''Even when it's not been the driver with the most wins, it's been
the man who has done enough, persevered enough, to amass the most points.''

Everyone has an idea for fine-tuning the system. I'd like 10 points for leading
the most laps. Gordon allows it'd be good if there were a bonus for being among
the top 10 qualifiers.


LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Column

                       Copyright 1997 Financial Post Ltd.


                              789 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 11, 1992, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

THE 1992 CAMPAIGN;
Clinton Speaks In New York

SECTION: Section A; Page 22; Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 146 words


Speaking at a fund raiser in New York City last night, Gov. Bill Clinton of
Arkansas offered his strongest condemnation so far of the attacks on his
character.

"It is clear what is going on," he said. "People know if they can make the
election about my past or about any other politician's past, if they can dump on
people and kill their enthusiasm and their feelings and hopes and demean this
whole process, they can make this election about yesterday and then the same old
crowd can stay in power."

More than 500 people, each of whom paid at least $1,000, attended the event at
the Omni Park Central Hotel. Those attending the event included prominent local
Democrats like Stanley Hill, executive director of the largest union in the
city, District Council 37 of the American Federation of State, County and
Municipal Employees, and the lawyer Arthur L. Liman.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              790 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           January 30, 2010 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

France Considers a Ban on the Burqa

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; LETTERS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 678 words


To the Editor:

Re ''The Taliban Would Applaud'' (editorial, Jan. 27), criticizing a French
proposal to ban all-concealing veils in many public places:

You write, ''People must be free to make these decisions for themselves, not
have them imposed by governments or enforced by the police.'' But does this
still hold when these decisions are imposed by culture or society?

Some Chinese women used to have their feet bound, and many probably thought that
they were doing it voluntarily.

Some Indian women set themselves afire, because once their husbands had died,
what was the point of living?

Some African girls undergo genital cutting, again a cultural and societal
phenomenon, and some welcome the act as a sign of arrival of womanhood and
acceptance in society.

Should we accept these acts, all of which are designed to demean women?

In Western society, covering a face is deemed to be sinister. Bank robbers and
the Ku Klux Klan come to mind. Seeing a face allows us to make an instant
decision as to the friendliness or otherwise of a person -- granted, often
mistakenly.

Do not blame the French. If a vote were held in the United States to bar women
from wearing the burqa and the niqab in public, or to bar minarets, like the
recent one in Switzerland, what do you think the results would be?

Anthony Sweeney   Darien, Conn., Jan.   27, 2010

To the Editor:

France does not cease to amaze. A French parliamentary committee has recommended
a partial ban on full-body veils, citing them as a threat to the ''values of the
republic.'' Is it possible that the 1,900 French Muslim women who choose the
veil are a threat?

This intrusive ban takes away their right of using public transportation,
hospitals, schools and government offices while wearing the veil, or niqab.

In other words, it infringes on the basic human rights of those 1,900 women
whose personal choice is to cover their faces.

Ayesha N. Rashid   Richmond, Va., Jan. 27, 2010

To the Editor:

Banning the burqa and niqab need not be a case of ''Muslim-bashing''; it might
also be a statement of support for Muslim women's human rights. The burqa and
niqab are isolating garments that interfere with a woman's ability to see, hear,
carry on normal conversations and walk safely.

Many Muslim women are not given a free choice about how to dress; some are
persecuted and even murdered by their families for refusing to wear the Islamic
veil.

Ideally, one does not want the government or the family to tell women how to
dress, but the potential French ban on the burqa and niqab is not morally
equivalent to the utter subordination of women as practiced by the Taliban and
in Saudi Arabia.

Phyllis Chesler   New York, Jan. 27, 2010

The writer is emerita professor of psychology and women studies at City
University of New York.

To the Editor:

I disagree with your assertion that the fewer than 2,000 people wearing
full-body veils pose ''no obvious threat'' to French security.

Since it is easier to hide suicide bombs and weapons under a full-body veil than
any other sort of apparel, and to conceal the identity and sex of the wearer, it
is not an unreasonable judgment by French leaders that the veil poses an
unacceptable security threat.

While banning such apparel is not politically correct, the alternative of
waiting for a male suicide bomber clad in a full-body veil to murder a few dozen
innocent French citizens is much worse; it is political cowardice.

Robert Atkinson    New York, Jan.   27, 2010

To the Editor:

Government exists first and foremost to prevent violence by the strong against
the weak. The burqa is both a symbol and a tool for the absolute subservience of
women -- to the point of denying them an identity. It is the duty of government
to forbid such behavior.

It is precisely because ''people must be free to make these decisions for
themselves'' that the burqa must not be allowed. It is the negation of free
choice. It is the fruit of a degrading brainwashing that starts in the cradle
and never ends.

Bob Nelson    Vathimenil, France, Jan.   27, 2010

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                              791 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               November 18, 2005 Friday 0 South Pinellas Edition

Court: Lawyers can't be "pit bulls'

BYLINE: LUCY MORGAN

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 497 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE


Two Fort Lauderdale lawyers who compared themselves to pit bulls with spiked
collars in television ads are facing a public reprimand from the Florida Supreme
Court.

In a unanimous opinion written by Chief Justice Barbara Pariente, the court
concluded that the ads demean all lawyers and harm the legal profession.

John Robert Pape and Marc Andrew Chandler, partners who practice personal injury
law, say they used the dog as a symbol because they are known to be "loyal,
tenacious and aggressive, and that's how we see our practice."

Ads used by the lawyers included a picture of a pit bull with a spiked collar
beside the telephone number 1-800-PIT-BULL.

A referee who heard arguments from the Florida Bar and the lawyers found the ads
to be protected free speech and said the ad was "tastefully done" and mentions
qualities that a consuming public would want in a trial lawyer.

The Bar appealed, urging the court to overrule the referee's opinion.

"If the Bar allows lawyers to use pit bulls, what might be next: sharks and
alligators?" asked Barry Richard, the Tallahassee lawyer that represented the
Bar.

The court concluded that the pit bull ad did not assist Floridians in selecting
an attorney, but instead uses a sensational image and slogan in violation of
restrictions imposed by the Bar on legal advertising.

In addition to receiving a public reprimand, the court ordered the lawyers to
attend a Bar seminar on advertising.

Pariente also questioned the character of pit bulls, noting that some may
associate them with loyalty but ignore "the darker side of the dog's qualities:
malevolence, viciousness and unpredictability."

Even the perception of loyalty might be questioned, the court noted in a
footnote, since some owners have been mauled to death by their pit bulls.

"Pit bulls have a reputation for vicious behavior that is borne of experience,"
Pariente wrote. "Pit bull dogs possess both the capacity for extraordinarily
savage behavior and physical capabilities in excess of those possessed by many
other breeds of dog."

The court would never condone ads saying a lawyer would get results with
combative and vicious tactics that will maim scar or harm the opposing party,
Pariente noted.

The "go for the jugular" style of advocacy implied by the ads is "manipulative
and misleading," the court determined. If condoned, the judges questioned
whether sharks, wolves, crocodiles and piranhas would be next.

Pape said he and Chandler strongly believe the question is a free speech issue
and are considering an appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court.

"We've spent hundreds of hours fighting this," Pape said. "I think free speech
is too important to ignore."

Pape and Chandler don't own a pit bull, but Pape has a Staffordshire Bull
Terrier named Morty.

"He's the nicest dog in the world. He goes to Starbucks with us all the time.
He's the mayor of Fort Lauderdale. Everybody loves him."

Lucy Morgan can be reached at morgan@sptimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO ILLUSTRATION, Pape Chandler Law Firm via Associated Press; Pape
Chandler Law Firm's logo using a pit bull wearing a spiked collar

TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2005 Times Publishing Company


                              792 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 4, 2004, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Golf watchers weigh in on Love affair

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 9C

LENGTH: 940 words

Ian O'Connor's column displays the disrespect that continues to plague the game
of golf ("Tough Love? No, just a frustrated bully undoing strides golf had
made," March 2).

It is obvious to me that Ian does not appreciate the history of the game and has
no business commenting on it given that Davis Love III is one of the few role
models. Davis exudes a traditional life with conservative values. (He) has a
deep respect for his family, friends, life and golf.


The problem with the sport is the lack of respect that folks have for the game
and the migration of behavior from NFL and NBA venues. The fighting and vulgar
language used by the fans at NFL and NBA games make it so that you can't bring
small children.

Golf is different. Golf, like life, demands character and proper behavior from
fans and players. Cliff Booth Baltimore

Act now: When is the PGA going to gather enough gumption to eject rude and
harassing spectators from its tournaments? Drunk or sober. Club member or not.

Spectator behavior at last week's PGA match -- and the marshals' failure to
discipline it -- only demeans the game. Golf once was a contest gentlemen and
ladies could cheer and applaud. Today it's contaminated by a bunch of egocentric
drunks shrieking "in the hole!"

The PGA has the clout to reverse this boorish trend. Does it have enough guts?
Don Postma Holland, Mich.

Repercussions: Davis Love III is a spoiled brat who blames others for
self-destructing. If they had some guts, the tournament sponsors would have told
Davis to get back to work or he'd have to forfeit the match, rather than caving
in to his silly demands. He plays golf for a living!

Our whole society is at risk because someone heckled him a bit. Give me a break.
I look forward to watching Davis self-destruct in the future, as the hecklers
will really start now that they see how sensitive he is. Dave Martin Leesburg,
Va.

The rules: While I might agree Davis Love III might have overreacted and that
golf definitely needs supporters, the game also needs supporters who understand
the game of golf. And in this respect I mean supporters who know the rules and
apply the code of etiquette that is so much a part of this great game.

It is in this last respect that I suggest the supporter was rightly turned off
the course. Golf is played in a gentlemanly manner. The etiquette, as published
by the golf authorities, tells us to respect another player when he is taking a
shot by being quiet, staying out of his eye line and by being non-distracting.
Paul Filby Suffolk, United Kingdom

Tradition! Name-calling sets the tone and level of maturity of O'Connor's column
attacking Davis Love III. Personally, I'm tired of hearing "it's in the hole!"
If I want screaming fans, I'll go to a Yankees game.

What's next? Screaming cheers in the confessional? Some traditions are worth
keeping. Tim Mason Roswell, Ga.

No class: Sounds to me like O'Connor has been laying in the bushes for Davis
Love III. It wasn't the smartest thing for Davis to do, but in the heat of
competition things happen that will be regretted later.

Did O'Connor honestly try to get Davis' version of what happened? And calling
Davis a "nerd" shows real class on the part of O'Connor. Rod White Bloomington,
Ill.

Fan-proof: Poor Davis Love III, he was going to take his golf clubs and go home
if the mean, nasty fan didn't stop cheering for Tiger.

Davis is a throwback to the Curtis Strange days where fans are to be tolerated
and not embraced. Just as long as the corporate dollars keep pouring for the
purses, golf fans will have to put up with the boring personality of a Davis
Love III. Michael R. Zambri Atlanta

Tarred: Granted, at most golf tournaments the only sound you hear during a drive
or a putt is the breeze and the birds. Davis Love III had one heckler, and that
was after the ball was struck.

I'd like to see Love hit a drive or make a putt in the Smith Center with 23,000
screaming Tar Heels. If one heckler is all it takes to screw with his mind, then
the rest of the PGA pros can rest assured that Love will be at the back of the
pack the rest of the year.

He has opened Pandora's Box by whining about one heckler. Stand up and take your
lumps like a man. Scott Beaverson Bowling Green, Ohio

Plain rude: Let me get this straight, O'Connor thinks it's commendable to yell
during a golfer's backswing? To disrupt his concentration on a putt? To
generally act belligerent of another sportsman? And he is a sports columnist
with your paper? W.R. Dill Knoxville, Tenn.

Bad labeling: I believe O'Connor is totally out of line to label Davis Love III
as a bully.

I'll agree that he could have handled the situation better. Everything I have
ever heard about Love is good. If he had a consistent record of being a bully
that would be another thing. To label his actions as Gestapo-like is totally
irresponsible. I can't imagine a responsible (which I assumed O'Connor is)
journalist taking one action and labeling someone like he did. Dr. Mike Gough
Olathe, Kan.

---

Quick question

Sunday in the Match Play finals, Davis Love III was heckled by a fan. Love
stopped play, demanded the fan be identified and asked that he be removed. Was
Love out of line?

* Yes (51.04%). If the fan wasn't yelling in his backswing, anything goes. Love
should grow up and learn how to handle hecklers. He overreacted.

* No (48.96%). Love had every right to call out the fan. Golf is a gentleman's
sport. Fans need to understand the nature of the game and respect the players
more.

From golf.usatoday.com; more than 3,705 voting

LOAD-DATE: March 04, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              793 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Lebanon Daily News (Pennsylvania)

                          December 30, 2015 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

'Porngate' email scandal shames state, voters

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 497 words


While Pennsylvania's budget conflict has been center stage for months, the
seaminess of its pornographic emails scandal has just begun oozing into the
national consciousness.

We have so much to be proud of. Our home-grown email scandal makes the Nixon
tapes of yesteryear (remember the oft-used "expletive deleted" phrase in news
reports?) read like a Sunday school tract.

Porngate has made headlines on CNN, MSN, in the Baltimore Sun, New York Times,
and most recently in Sunday's Washington Post.

(Our personal "favorite" is from Gawker: Pennsylvania's 'Porngate' Scandal Is an
Insane Mess That Proves Politicians Should Not Have Internet Access.)

At the very least, not without parental controls.

According to news reports there could be as many as 100,000 graphic and
disturbing emails - only 10,000 of which have been publicly released - exchanged
by our so-called public servants. They demean and degrade women and minorities,
with "jokes" and illustrations about rape and sexual assault, and ridiculing
people because of race, weight, sexual orientation and religion.

With a mental disconnect the size of the Grand Canyon the purveyors shared these
"fun" emails during the Sandusky child sex abuse investigation.

As a Philadelphia Daily News editorial noted: "Most troubling is ... that these
emails were exchanged on ... in a workplace that investigates and prosecutes
crimes. Those crimes include child pornography, sex abuse and other heinous
acts, including those against women.

"... We seriously doubt the prosecutors who sent and received these emails had
women's interests and legal rights in mind."

Others have pointed out that the email exchanges also show an inappropriately
clubby relationship between state prosecutors and judges.

Sunday's Washington Post article quoted Marc Bookman, director of the
Philadelphia-based Atlantic Center for Capital Representation: "When we learn
that they are so close they are exchanging horribly improper emails with each
other, we lose faith not only in the independence of the judiciary but also the
judgment of both parties. Anyone who neutrally looked at Pennsylvania and tried
to gauge the quality of jurisprudence in the state would have to laugh and say,
'What in the world is going on there?' ... Our justice system is about as out of
control as it can get."

You can say that again.

Just as shameful is the fact, also noted by the Post, that the email scandal has
stirred little anger among Pennsylvanians. Yep, us. We've been totally
distracted by which political team is winning and which one is losing in
Harrisburg, Not to mention inured to vulgarity and immaturity by the
presidential election.

Can we ever wake up? No one who is part of the tax-supported legal and judicial
culture that generated and distributed this garbage should be in elected or
appointed public office. Nor should anyone who tolerates or excuses it.

Let's start holding the folks we elected for their professed "conservative,
Christian values" accountable.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ldn


                     Copyright 2015 The Lebanon Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              794 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                           December 29, 2015 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

'Porngate' email scandal shames PA, and its voters

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 511 words


While Pennsylvania's budget conflict has been center stage for months, the
seaminess of its pornographic emails scandal has just begun oozing into the
national consciousness.

We have so much to be proud of. Our home-grown email scandal makes the Nixon
tapes of yesteryear (remember the oft-used "expletive deleted" phrase in news
reports?) read like a Sunday school tract.

Porngate has made headlines on CNN, MSN, in the Baltimore Sun, New York Times,
and most recently in Sunday's Washington Post.

(Our personal "favorite" is from Gawker: Pennsylvania's 'Porngate' Scandal Is an
Insane Mess That Proves Politicians Should Not Have Internet Access.)

At the very least, not without parental controls.

According to news reports there could be as many as 100,000 graphic and
disturbing emails - only 10,000 of which have been publicly released - exchanged
by our so-called public servants. They demean and degrade women and minorities,
with "jokes" and illustrations about rape and sexual assault, and ridiculing
people because of race, weight, sexual orientation and religion.

With a mental disconnect the size of the Grand Canyon the purveyors shared these
"fun" emails during the Sandusky child sex abuse investigation.

As a Philadelphia Daily News editorial noted: "Most troubling is ... that these
emails were exchanged on ... in a workplace that investigates and prosecutes
crimes. Those crimes include child pornography, sex abuse and other heinous
acts, including those against women.

"... We seriously doubt the prosecutors who sent and received these emails had
women's interests and legal rights in mind."

Others have pointed out that the email exchanges also show an inappropriately
clubby relationship between state prosecutors and judges.

Sunday's Washington Post article quoted Marc Bookman, director of the
Philadelphia-based Atlantic Center for Capital Representation: "When we learn
that they are so close they are exchanging horribly improper emails with each
other, we lose faith not only in the independence of the judiciary but also the
judgment of both parties. Anyone who neutrally looked at Pennsylvania and tried
to gauge the quality of jurisprudence in the state would have to laugh and say,
'What in the world is going on there?' ... Our justice system is about as out of
control as it can get."

You can say that again.

Just as shameful is the fact, also noted by the Post, that the email scandal has
stirred little anger among Pennsylvanians. Yep, us. We've been totally
distracted by which political team is winning and which one is losing in
Harrisburg, Not to mention inured to vulgarity and immaturity by the
presidential election.

Can we ever wake up? No one who is part of the tax-supported legal and judicial
culture that generated and distributed this garbage should be in elected or
appointed public office. Nor should anyone who tolerates or excuses it.

Let's start holding the folks we elected for their professed "conservative,
Christian values" accountable.

Becky Bennett is the editor of Public Opinion. Email
babennett@publicopinionnews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: cpo


                         Copyright 2015 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                              795 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                     October 22, 2002 Tuesday Metro Edition

Bar groups object to Toth remarks

BYLINE: By MARTI GOODLAD HELINE; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 803 words


SOUTH BEND -- Lawyers representing the state and county bar associations on
Monday asked Prosecutor Chris Toth to stop making "demeaning" and "disparaging"
remarks in his re-election campaign about criminal defense attorneys and the
justice system.

"Prosecutor Chris Toth has made statements which demean criminal defense
attorneys which is really a statement against the integrity of the system in its
entirety," said South Bend lawyer E. Spencer Walton, a past president of the
Indiana State Bar Association.

"Criminal defense attorneys are necessary for equal justice for all citizens;
they're required by the Constitution of the United States and integral for our
entire system of justice," Walton added. "On behalf of the Indiana State Bar
Association and the St. Joseph County Bar Association, we would ask that
Prosecutor Christopher Toth cease making any disparaging remarks to undermine
our system of justice."

With that remark, many of the 30 to 40 lawyers and others watching the press
conference broke into applause.

Toth, the Republican incumbent, said he has said nothing improper and does not
intend to withdraw any advertisements.

"I'm not saying there is not a place for criminal defense attorneys, career
criminal defense attorneys, like Mr. (Michael) Dvorak, (the Democratic
candidate)," Toth said. "Criminals need people like Mr. Dvorak. Innocent people,
neighborhoods and victims need prosecutors, and that's who I am."

The prosecutor's "comments have gone one step too far," said Mario Zappia,
president of the St. Joseph County Bar Association.

Examples cited by Walton from Toth's ads included a statement that defense
attorneys try to get their clients off on "mere technicalities" and that defense
attorneys are trained to treat facts as "inconveniences."

In a debate, Toth "indicated criminal defense attorneys are trained to disregard
the facts," Walton said.

He described such comments as "totally inappropriate, improper and unethical."

Walton emphasized the ISBA "is not and has never been" a political organization
and was not endorsing any political candidate. The organization takes a stand
against improper techniques and attacks on candidates in political races, added
Walton.

"This is an attack on the system," Walton said, speaking for the 11,000 members
of the ISBA. "When you attack criminal defense attorneys, judges or prosecutors,
you're attacking the very system you've taken an oath to protect. It has to do
with the integrity of the system and lawyers standing up for what they believe
is right.

Toth maintained that Monday's news conference is about a group of criminal
defense attorneys concerned with protecting their own.

"My job is to fight for the public, not fight for a little club of criminal
defense attorneys," Toth said.

He said he chose not to belong to the Indiana State Bar Association, a voluntary
professional organization, "because it does not represent the interests of
prosecutors. and I'm a prosecutor."

Instead, he is involved in the Indiana Prosecuting Attorneys Council and the
National District Attorneys Association.

"Men and women in uniform are not serving in places like Afghanistan so a bunch
a criminal defense attorneys can create their own political 'taliban' in Indiana
trying to censor the free speech of a political candidate," Toth said.

But the ISBA members maintain they are only reminding candidates of what is
proper. They have taken similar stands in places such as Fort Wayne and
Indianapolis in other political races, Walton said.

"We're always happy to point out to people that the profession of criminal
defense attorney is not one that needs to be looked down upon, like a
stepchild," said Jim Foster, a Hammond lawyer speaking on behalf of the 400
members of the Criminal Justice Section of the ISBA. "We take the same oath as
prosecutors and as judges, to uphold the Constitution."

He said the membership of his section is not just defense lawyers, but includes
prosecutors and judges.

Walton pointed out, "It is totally appropriate (for a candidate) to talk about a
specific lawyer, their specific record, the specific job they've done on a case.
But you can't generalize all criminal defense lawyers, prosecutors or judges and
make a disparaging remark about a group. That's total lack of respect for the
system."

Toth maintains the campaign is simply about a "tough-on-crime prosecutor and a
career defense attorney."

"I'm a prosecutor first," Toth said. "That's why I went to law school. After
serving in the military and standing up to the bad guys, I'm not going to be a
lawyer and defend bad guys for a living," he said, saying he had, in the past,
done some criminal defense work and "found it distasteful."

Staff writer Marti Goodlad Heline:

mheline@sbtinfo.com

(574) 235-6327


LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: South Bend lawyer E. Spencer Walton, past president of the Indiana
State Bar Association, criticizes the political advertisements of Prosecutor
Chris Toth for making disparaging comments about defense attorneys, such as
Toth's opponent Michael Dvorak, and the justice system.  Tribune Photo/MARK
SHEPHARD

                 Copyright 2002 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              796 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           November 18, 2005, Friday

State high court rules on ad campaign: Lawyers can't be 'pit bulls'

BYLINE: By Lucy Morgan

LENGTH: 568 words



TALLAHASSEE -- Two Fort Lauderdale lawyers who compared themselves to pit bulls
with spiked collars in television ads are facing a public reprimand from the
Florida Supreme Court.

In a unanimous opinion written by Chief Justice Barbara Pariente, the court
concluded that the ads demean all lawyers and harm the legal profession.

John Robert Pape and Marc Andrew Chandler, partners who practice personal injury
law, say they used the dog as a symbol because they are known to be "loyal,
tenacious and aggressive, and that's how we see our practice."

Ads used by the lawyers included a picture of a pit bull with a spiked collar
beside the telephone number 1-800-PIT-BULL.

A referee who heard arguments from the Florida Bar and the lawyers found the ads
to be protected free speech and said the ad was "tastefully done" and mentions
qualities that a consuming public would want in a trial lawyer.

The Bar appealed, urging the court to overrule the referee's opinion.

"If the Bar allows lawyers to use pit bulls, what might be next: sharks and
alligators?" asked Barry Richard, the Tallahassee lawyer that represented the
Bar.

The court concluded that the pit bull ad did not assist Floridians in selecting
an attorney, but instead uses a sensational image and slogan in violation of
restrictions imposed by the Bar on legal advertising.

In addition to receiving a public reprimand, the court ordered the lawyers to
attend a Bar seminar on advertising.

Pariente also questioned the character of pit bulls, noting that some may
associate them with loyalty but ignore "the darker side of the dog's qualities:
malevolence, viciousness and unpredictability."

Even the perception of loyalty might be questioned, the court noted in a
footnote, since some owners have been mauled to death by their pit bulls.

"Pit bulls have a reputation for vicious behavior that is borne of experience,"
Pariente wrote. "Pit bull dogs possess both the capacity for extraordinarily
savage behavior and physical capabilities in excess of those possessed by many
other breeds of dog."

The court would never condone ads saying a lawyer would get results with
combative and vicious tactics that will maim scar or harm the opposing party,
Pariente noted.

The "go for the jugular" style of advocacy implied by the ads is "manipulative
and misleading," the court determined. If condoned, the judges questioned
whether sharks, wolves, crocodiles and piranhas would be next.

Pape said he and Chandler strongly believe the question is a free speech issue
and are considering an appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court.

"We've spent hundreds of hours fighting this," Pape said. "I think free speech
is too important to ignore."

Pape and Chandler don't own a pit bull, but Pape has a Staffordshire Bull
Terrier named Morty.

"He's the nicest dog in the world. He goes to Starbucks with us all the time.
He's the mayor of Fort Lauderdale. Everybody loves him."



-----

To see more of the St. Petersburg Times -- including its homes, jobs, cars and
other classified listings -- or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.sptimes.com. Copyright (c) 2005, St. Petersburg Times, Fla.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: PT-ADVERTISING-20051118

JOURNAL-CODE: PT

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                 Copyright 2005 St. Petersburg Times (Florida)


                              797 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Free Press (Mankato, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 21, 2011 Friday

The Free Press, Mankato, Minn., Chad Courrier column

BYLINE: Chad Courrier, The Free Press, Mankato, Minn.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 512 words


Oct. 21--Did anyone give Mankato East a chance to win Wednesday's football game
against Mankato West?

No, at least outside of the Cougars' locker room.

That's not to demean the East program, which has struggled the last few seasons,
but the numbers didn't add up for an East victory. West was just too powerful,
having bulldozed every opponent this season.

But with seven minutes to play in the third quarter, East had cut the lead to
14-11 and were about to try an onside kick.

That's why high-school athletics are so much more fun to watch than college or
professional.

As most know by now, West pulled away in the final 19 minutes to post a 28-11
victory, finishing an undefeated regular season with the sixth straight Jug
victory. The Scarlets also claimed the solo Big Nine Conference championship
when Owatonna lost to Rochester Mayo.

The victory kept West on track for its season's goals, which include a No. 1
seed in the Section 2AAAA playoffs and home field for the semifinals and
championship game. Eventually, this team has its sights on a state championship,
but there will be some tough battles ahead in that pursuit.

Senior quarterback Philip Nelson didn't have his best game, with a fumble and
interception, but he still ended up with 233 yards passing and 101 yards
rushing. He threw a couple of passes that few high-school quarterbacks can make,
including a pump-fake, lofted pass down the middle to Alex Knutson, over a
linebacker and between the safeties, that helped West run out the clock in the
fourth quarter.

East also has plenty to feel good about. The Cougars pushed West as hard as any
team this season, and despite having just three victories, East now looks like a
formidable opponent in the playoffs. The only chance East had to pull off the
upset was to use running back Tevyn Schmidt and a size advantage in the
offensive line to pound the ball at the Scarlets.

And it worked, for a while. Schmidt had 186 yards on 36 carries, including a
38-yard touchdown run in which he showed some breakaway speed. By the fourth
quarter, he looked tired, and the Cougars' offense sputtered.

But had East recovered that onside kick, we might be talking about the greatest
upset in the history of this rivalry.

Which made the game all that much more fun. Watching one team destroy another is
no fun, and even though players can laugh and run up big numbers in those routs,
it's the hard-fought, intense games that they'll remember.

It's too corny to say that both teams were winners Wednesday night because
that's not how life works. You can say that both teams should be proud of their
performances.

The winners were the 3,500 or so folks who sat at Blakeslee Stadium, some in the
protected environment of a press box, who got to watch a very compelling, fun
game.

Chad Courrier is a Free Press staff writer. To contact him, call 507-344-6353 or
e-mail at ccourrier@mankatofreepress.com or check out his local sports blog.

___ (c)2011 The Free Press (Mankato, Minn.) Visit The Free Press (Mankato,
Minn.) at www.mankatofreepress.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20111021-FP-The-Free-Press-Mankato-Minn-Chad-Courrier-column-1021-20111021

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FP


                         Copyright 2011 The Free Press


                              798 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             March 22, 2010 Monday

Headline Demeans F&M's John Fry

BYLINE: Letters

SECTION: A; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 155  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


To the Editors:

Why on Earth would you ever allow the headline "Top Dip jumps ship: Fry to
Drexel"? From all I have read, John Fry has been an outstanding citizen, a very
capable leader as president of Franklin & Marshall College and an integral part
of the fabric of Lancaster.

The term "dip" has always had a connotation of someone whose mental abilities
are in question and certainly Mr. Fry should not be characterized in this manner
nor should he be accused of "jumping ship." Mr Fry has moved on at the
invitation of the Board of Trustees at Drexel University to assume a leadership
role that is evidently well deserved.

I believe a public apology for the terminology used is in order and that the
staff writer responsible should be reprimanded for the use of this negative
characterization.

James N. Kirkner

Caenarvon Township

Editor's note: The term "Dip,'' in this case, refers to the school's shortened
nickname, the Diplomats.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              799 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                          November 18, 2009 Wednesday

Columns Demean Value Of Tolerance

BYLINE: Letters

SECTION: A; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 107  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Thomas warns us that we should not "subscribe to the bogus belief that if
radical Islamists can see we mean them no harm, they will mean us no harm."
Substitute the phrase to "mean them no harm" for the religious teachings of The
Golden Rule.

Substitute the word "sucker" for the religious word "martyr."

If this analogy makes sense, then these two articles undermine the moral
teachings of all religions.

There are many voices in this county getting along OK together. There is one,
for example, that forgave the murderer of innocent school children in order to
maintain the fabric of their community. That's a different story.

Robert Lowing

Lancaster

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              800 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                           December 15, 2005 Thursday
                                 SOONER EDITION

COLORADO'S PROBLEMS CONTINUE TO MOUNT

BYLINE: Shelly Anderson

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C-2

LENGTH: 732 words


So you think your school has it bad?

Just try to imagine what it must be like to be tied to Colorado.

Over the past couple of years, the Buffaloes' athletic department, particularly
football, has been imploding before our eyes, and it doesn't seem as if the
nonsense is finished.

Around here, as this decade began to unfold, our gripes centered on things such
as Penn State coach Joe Paterno's advanced age, or "the slide" and other
assorted play calls by former Pitt coach Walt Harris, or assorted gaffes by
former West Virginia receiver Chris Henry.

Not to demean those who devoted brain cells to such topics -- it's a good thing
that those schools have people who care -- but they are mundane compared with
what has happened in Boulder.

It started a couple of years ago with a scandal involving recruiting visits gone
wild.

Whispers of sex and alcohol use to help ply prospective student-athletes on
weekend visits are nothing new. Everything was rolled out for public scrutiny,
though, when two female students filed lawsuits claiming they were raped by
football players during a booze-soaked party in December 2001.

It has been four years, but events keep reminding us of Colorado's problems.

The fallout initially induced schools across the country to rein in their
recruiting weekends, to make them more of a mild, chaperoned event.

Things only got worse at Colorado, though, with accusations of harassment and
assault and coverups. At one point, it was difficult to keep track of all the
ongoing investigations.

Perhaps most prominent was the story of Katie Hnida, a female kicker who came
forward after the recruiting scandal to allege that while on the Colorado team
in 1999 she was sexually harassed and sexually assaulted by teammates.

Coach Gary Barnett didn't help things when he said Hnida was an "awful" player
who "couldn't kick the ball through the uprights."

Barnett was suspended, and it seemed his firing might be imminent, but he
apologized and, surprisingly, held onto his job.

Until last week.

The trouble led to a new president for the statewide Colorado University system,
a new chancellor at the Boulder campus and a new athletic director.

That new athletic director, Mike Bohn, hired in April, reached a settlement with
Barnett for the coach to step down a week ago.

It looked as if Colorado might have finally gotten past its troubles with a
strong start to the season. Then, the Buffaloes lost their last three games,
including one against Texas in the conference championship, by a combined score
of 130-22.

Although Colorado is still going to the Champs Sports Bowl, that three-game
stretch gave Bohn the opportunity to clean house.

It wasn't just the losses.

Bohn probably knew more trouble was about to surface this week.

A state audit of the Colorado athletic department was critical of loose or
exorbitant spending. Nearly a third of the report focused on Colorado's summer
youth camps, saying "the available camp records were in disarray."

The report said that of $753,900 in receipts for football camps between 2002-04,
the source of funding could be verified for only $425,900.

During those years, the university paid Barnett's private company, High Hopes
'95, $200,000 to run the camps. The university obviously knew there were
accounting problems before the audit report because it took control of the camps
last summer.

Here is where all schools need to pay attention. The audit said Colorado broke
NCAA rules because coaches under-reported $68,000 in income. It noted that the
sloppy records raise "a concern that the monies could have been used for
recruiting, in violation of NCAA rules."

Just as schools moved to clamp down on recruiting weekend activities, you can
bet there will be some scrambling to shore up summer-camp records.

As with Barnett, most coaches run the off-season camps as their own enterprise
with the cooperation of their school. Coaches surely will double-document every
registration fee and every T-shirt or sports drink sold at those camps.

Meanwhile, Colorado's problems continue.

Starting offensive tackle Clint O'Neal was suspended three days after Barnett
was ousted, and O'Neal's girlfriend, Jackie Zeigle, quit the Buffaloes'
cross-country team after the two were accused of sending a racist e-mail to
Hispanic cross-country runner Greg Castro.

Sort of makes you feel good about the "normal" complaints we have about our
local teams, doesn't it?

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Shelly Anderson can be reached at shanderson@post-gazette.com or
412-263-1721.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              801 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           February 3, 2005 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

ADS DEMEAN WOMEN, SPEAKER SAYS

BYLINE: By Samara Kalk Derby The Capital Times

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 522 words


Sex sells.

"And today it's far more extreme, far more ubiquitous and far more
pornographic," media critic Jean Kilbourne told a crowd of UW-Madison students
Wednesday night during her Distinguished Lecture Series presentation at the
Wisconsin Union Theater.

"Something is missing," Kilbourne said as she flashed a jeans ad on the
theater's screen. The audience -- made up largely of women -- gasped. The image
was of a couple embracing, with the man grabbing the woman's butt.

It's just that the woman's jeans are missing.

Kilbourne also showed an ad with a man on his knees near a woman's crotch. The
woman is shown pulling down her panties, and shaved into her pubic hair is the
symbol for Gucci.

The man is not worshipping the woman so much as he is bowing down to the Gucci
logo, Kilbourne pointed out.

Our society is obsessed with breasts, which are used to sell everything, said
Kilbourne, displaying various advertising images of breasts. She showed ads with
women portrayed as animals, women portrayed as little girls and women who
appeared to be battered.

Girls get the message early on that their breasts and their bodies will never be
OK, she said.

Meanwhile, men live in a very different world, where their bodies are not as
scrutinized, criticized or judged as harshly, she noted.

Kilbourne is a lecturer who speaks on alcohol and tobacco advertising as well as
the image of women in advertising.

Her latest book is "Can't Buy My Love: How Advertising Changes the Way We Think
and Feel." She is also known for her award-winning documentaries, including
"Killing Us Softly: Advertising's Image of Women" and "Slim Hopes: Advertising
and the Obsession with Thinness."

The greatest contempt right now is reserved for overweight women, Kilbourne
said, displaying an ad with an extremely thin girl crouching on the ground
looking as though she is trying to disappear. "The more you subtract, the more
you add," the ad copy reads.

"This is the message girls get," Kilbourne said.

One in five young women in America has an eating disorder, she said. She
displayed the cover of People magazine with the headline "How thin is too thin?"
Among those pictured were actresses Lara Flynn Boyle and Jennifer Aniston, both
of whom Kilbourne called "dangerously thin."

The models portrayed in ads have a body type that only 5 percent of women have.
They are genetically thin for the most part, but still often starve themselves,
Kilbourne said.

"Attempting to achieve this ideal causes a lot of suffering," she added.

UW sophomore Claire Muller stepped to the microphone and told Kilbourne she was
once part of the "one in five" statistic and suffered from an eating disorder.

Now, Muller said, she loves her body and often walks around her dorm room in a
swimsuit, looking in the mirror and "letting it all hang out."

Afterwards, Muller said her anorexia started in middle school and she was
hospitalized for a month as a high school sophomore. She overcame the illness by
"constantly battling the thoughts in my mind."

Muller called Kilbourne's presentation "fabulous," adding that "we need more
things like that in this world."

E-mail: skalk@madison.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jean Kilbourne

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                              802 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      JULY 8, 2004 Thursday CITY-D EDITION

Rhetoric demeans real rights struggle

BYLINE: John Grogan

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS PHILADELPHIA & ITS SUBURBS; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 714 words


Move over, persecuted saints and heroes. There's a new martyr in town.

In case you were not aware of it, the Rev. Frank D. McCracken, the Reading
minister snared in the far-reaching pay-to-play investigation, is not just
another run-of-the-mill criminal defendant who stands accused of ripping off the
very people who most trusted him, his own congregation.

That's just what the Government - capital G - would have you believe. That's
what The Man has trumped up.

The truth, McCracken is not shy about boasting, is that he is a martyred hero in
the tradition of Jesus Christ, the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., and others
who died for their convictions.

The minister is not being prosecuted for allegedly conspiring with former
Philadelphia City Treasurer Corey Kemp to pad bills, set up shell accounts, and
skim off money meant for church repairs; not at all. He's being persecuted for
the color of his skin.

As he told The Inquirer's Mark Fazlollah this week: "If the government wants to
persecute me, it's the government that persecuted Jesus."

Say what? I guess that explains all those toga-clad FBI agents running around
lately. I knew we shouldn't have let Pontius Pilate hijack the federal
corruption probe.

But wait, there's more.

Opening old wounds

"It's the government that persecuted Martin Luther King. It's the government
that persecuted Marcus Garvey. It's the government that persecuted Nelson
Mandela."

And while we're glomming on to tragic heroes, let's not forget Gandhi and Joan
of Arc, too.

"This is the government that allowed blacks to be enslaved. This is the
government that allowed my ancestors to be raped," he told Fazlollah. "This is
not new."

No, corruption in Pennsylvania is not new. Nor is the art of dodging blame.

But McCracken may have just set new heights of public scapegoating. Jesus? King?
Garvey? Mandela? Slavery? Rape?

You might be scratching your head, asking what on earth any of it has to do with
the charges against him?

The answer is nothing at all.

There's an old saw that states: "When the law is on your side, argue the law.
When the facts are on your side, argue the facts. When neither the law nor the
facts are on your side, holler."

McCracken is hollering his head off these days, hoping something sticks that
will divert the public's attention away from the evidence against him.

And so he gives us the martyr's sob story, the evil Government, and the race
card all rolled shamelessly into one. In the process, he sullies the memory of
some truly great humans and some truly tragic chapters in history.

Does any reasonable person of any race seriously believe that federal
investigators, deeply in pursuit of Philadelphia-based corruption, would
arbitrarily reach up into the hinterlands of Berks County, to a congregation in
the faded mill town of Reading, to pluck out an unsuspecting black minister for
racial persecution?

Please, Rev. McCracken, spare us the tortured histrionics.

Conspiracy of greed

The charges against the minister are very specific. His indictment alleges he
and Kemp, a member of his congregation, looted their church, St. James Chapel
Church of God in Christ, and a state welfare-to-work program. It alleges they
diverted much of a $116,000 bank loan and a $48,000 state grant to the church
for their own enrichment.

Investigators allegedly caught McCracken and Kemp on tape discussing plans to
steer $50,000 of the church loan into a planned racetrack casino.

Isn't it enchanting to know Pennsylvania's fledgling racino industry is already
drawing such discriminating investors?

McCracken's too-loud protests notwithstanding, this case is not about Jesus or
Dr. King or racism or slavery.

It's about corruption and greed.

In his attempt to obfuscate, he insults everyone who has ever suffered real
prejudice, and he cheapens the ongoing battle for racial equality.

Defendants come in all shapes and colors. This one happens to be black.

That he hides behind his race and trots out painful ghosts from our collective
past instead of standing on the merits of his own behavior is perhaps the
biggest travesty of all.

Contact John Grogan at 610-313-8132 or jgrogan@phillynews.com. Read his recent
work at http://go.philly.com/grogan.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              803 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 21, 2003 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Stop Preening

SECTION: Section 8; Column 6; Sports Desk; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 295 words


To the Sports Editor:

I played football with the Cleveland Browns and earned a world championship ring
in 1964.

When watching games now, it saddens me to observe some players' behavior. Often,
they are dancing and making faces (sometimes signing a football or talking on a
cellphone) after a successful play, even if their team is losing. Scoring
touchdowns, making tackles and intercepting passes are what professional players
are supposed to do. That is their job. The dancing and jiggling that goes on
after these plays often seems like show-business behavior and cheapens athletic
excellence.

This behavior also demeans and humiliates the opposing team members and
invalidates their humanity.

Celebration is needed and enthusiasm is often required to satisfy the personal
ego. In my playing days, I always found it difficult to celebrate a play if my
team was losing. When is it enough to know that you've done your best? When is a
man satisfied with having done something well without having to let the world
know? You don't get extra points for how well you dance in the end zone.

Blanton Collier, my coach with the Browns, told us, "Don't act like you're not
used to scoring touchdowns." As a result of that and other advice from my
father, my experiences on the field provided insight beyond the game. Yes, there
is life after the game.

The dancing and prancing seem to me like a reflection of the players' low
self-esteem and lack of self-respect. A philosopher once said that it is an
unquestionable crime when an individual betrays himself; then there is no duty
or obligation for others to respect him.

I wish these players showed more respect for themselves and for football.

WALTER BEACH III
Brooklyn

The writer played for the Cleveland Browns from 1963 to 1969.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              804 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                October 8, 1998, Thursday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

Letters, Faxes & E-Mail

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 22A

LENGTH: 782 words


Article demeans value of children and family Publishing a feature on Judith Rich
Harris and her new book, "The Nurture Assumption," which debunks the notion that
parents can significantly influence their children, was understandable, given
her controversial thesis ("Been a good parent? Does it really matter?" Living,
Oct. 1). What I did not understand was why the reporter, Bo Emerson, demeaned
Americans as "family-obsessed." He wrote that Harris' book "landed like a
grenade in the foxhole of family-obsessed America." When has a civilized society
not put great importance on family? If Americans seem obsessed, it is probably
because those families still intact recognize that they are the country's last
defense against the destructiveness of the liberalism that Emerson treated so
sympathetically. CYNTHIA TANNER Duluth We've paid Nearly one-quarter of metro
Atlanta's smog pollution comes from coal-fired power plants. Cleaning up those
plants, however, should not automatically lead to increased rates for utility
users ("Small fee for fresh air," Editorials, Sept. 28).

Why should we pay the price when Southern Co., which owns all 11 power plants in
Georgia, has continued to invest in foreign markets and has spent vast amounts
of money in advertising to tout its role as an environmental leader and even
more money fighting government regulation that would clean up its plants?

Rather than doing this, why not reinvest that money into technology that would
actually improve our air quality? Georgians have already paid the price for
Southern Co.'s irresponsibility with our health. We should not be expected to
pay higher rates as well. ANGELA WITTENAUER Wittenauer, of Atlanta, is assistant
canvass director of U.S. Public Interest Research Group in Georgia. Unreasonable
tenants A letter titled "Tenants' rights" (Monday) compared residents of East
Lake Meadows housing project to slaves being asked to thank their owners for
providing low-cost housing and fatback. Why? Simply because someone thinks they
ought to be grateful to Cousins Properties Inc. and the taxpayers for renovating
a dangerous and crime-filled neighborhood. Talk about looking a gift horse in
the mouth!

I pay substantial rent to live in an apartment complex, but if the owners decide
to tear it down to build a parking lot, all I will receive is a 30-day notice to
move. No help in finding a new apartment, no apologies, nothing. Why, then,
would someone who is having his or her rent paid out of the taxpayers' larder be
entitled to additional consideration?  Instead of posturing, complaining and
threatening to sue over "rights" to which they are not entitled, those residents
of East Lake Meadows would be better served spending their energies learning
skills to enable them to pay their own way, like the rest of us. BRIAN TROMBLEY
Decatur PRESIDENT CLINTON America has nothing to fear but Starr himself
Regarding the Friday editorial "Lott in an uphill battle": Ironically, President
Clinton probably has Rush Limbaugh and the rest of the army of talk-show
squealers, who've been crying wolf for so long over so little, to thank for the
recent charitable mood of the masses. Did I believe Clinton from his first
details of this and previous affairs? Nope. Neither did I believe Reagan and
Bush about Iran-Contra nor Nixon, Kissinger and Johnson about Vietnam.
Fortunately for them, all of their players were seasoned liars who knew much
better how to cover their tracks. Clinton's transgression carried the misfortune
of conspiring with a lovesick young woman. I firmly believe that America has
much more to fear from the neo-McCarthyism-like actions of Grand Inquisitor
Kenneth Starr and his backers than an oversexed --- but very competent --- chief
executive. RAY MCCLELLAN Marietta Barr leads extremist assault U.S. Rep. Bob
Barr, the GOP's poster boy for the snarling, Clinton-hating right, was battling
straw men again at Monday's House Judiciary Committee hearing ("Barr sums up
against president," Washington News, Tuesday). He invited those who believe that
President Clinton's behavior doesn't matter to "summon up whatever tattered
remains of honor they have left" and leave the room. His straw man was the
fiction that people who do not want the president to be driven from office under
these circumstances somehow excuse or condone his actions.

Barr knows that nobody says what Clinton did does not matter. It matters a lot
to all of us. However, addressing his behavior, as demeaning and objectionable
as it was, does not call for the extreme measure of impeachment. But then, if
you elect extremists such as Barr, extreme measures are to be expected. AL DALE
Atlanta

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

GRAPHIC:  Graphic :
 A caricature of Bob Barr beating a drum.  / KERRY WAGHORN / Special
 Photo :
 The parent trap: Writer Judith Rich Harris, at her home in Middleton,
 N.J., has definite opinions about raising children. / BO EMERSON / Staff

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                              805 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    December 24, 1993, Friday, City Edition

Symphony review upsets orchestra members

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; LETTERS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 698 words



Editor: Many members of the Hernando Symphony Orchestra are upset because of
Barbara Fredricksen's review of our Dec. 7 concert in the Dec. 11 Hernando
Times. Based on her statements in that review, we question her qualifications
to judge an orchestral performance.

Her vocal knowledge is suspect as well. Irv Clark is a tenor, not a  baritone.

Trying to demean the ability of the players, she stated that the violins  played
together most of the time. Does she realize that the first violins sit  on the
conductor's left and do, indeed, play together most of the time. So do  the
first violins of the Boston Symphony and all of the great orchestras of  the
world.

Occasionally, they played divisi. So do the violins of the Boston Symphony,
etc. The second violins sit on the conductor's right and play an independent
part, just like the Boston Symphony, etc.

Some of the music was arranged. That is the nature of the pops program.  Irving
Berlin, after all, never arranged White Christmas for a symphony  orchestra.
Does she know that the Midsummer Night's Dream excerpt and the  Wieniawski
violin concerto were played as the composer wrote them, and the  Lehar waltz was
in the setting used by the composer?

Does Ms. Fredricksen have some ax to grind? Perhaps she received some  misguided
advice. In any case, she not only trivialized the hard work of so  many fine
people, she also insulted the taste and sensibilities of the more  than 600
Hernando County residents who greatly enjoyed the concert.

We know we are far from being perfect. What we need from her is to look at  us
the way we are . . . a community orchestra struggling to gather all the
musicians from the area to try to accomplish something better every time. We
need support, encouragement, understanding and fairness.

We don't need to be torn apart.

If Ms. Fredricksen is planning on writing about us again, I cordially  invite
her to come to meet us, the performers and the conductors, to see us at  work
and to get the right information.

And, hopefully change her attitude about crusading against us, into  crusading
for us. I will be happy to introduce her to whomever she would like  to meet.

Charlotte Murrin

Spring Hill

Claire Richter, please

put up or shut up

   Editor: I would suggest that Claire Richter take a vacation. Many residents
of Hernando County are sick and tired of hearing her constant, time-consuming
complaining at the County Commission meetings, and getting nothing done.

She readily uses expressions about the commissioners, such as "The conduct  of
most of our county officials is a microcosm of the cancer that is spreading  in
all bodies of government;" "The bedrock of our Constitution is being  corroded
and maligned by such people as these;" "Over and over again, they  (county
officials) conduct themselves in a manner that is offensive to the  people that
elected them."

Not true!

Finally, she writes, "Let's get rid of all but Commissioner Novy next time
around."

Suggesting all these openings in positions of our elected officials, this  would
be a good time for Claire Richter to test the waters of her political  strength.
She would be in for a surprise.

We are tired of listening to her limelight-seeking nonsense at the  commission
meetings and in the mail.

Bob McGuinnes

Spring Hill

Thanks to Springstead band

for wonderful evening

   Editor: Thanks to Mr. Dasher and the Springstead High School band members
for a wonderful evening of musical entertainment Dec. 16 at Springstead
Theater.

You were all dressed to perfection, handled yourselves with decorum and  were
generally a wonderful example of the youth of today. As parents, we are  so
proud of all of you and your accomplishments.

Thank you again for spending many hours of your time practicing, rehearsing  and
supporting each other, and giving such a memorable Christmas performance.

Perhaps if people are made aware of how wonderful you all are, more of them
will come out and support your spring concert.

Diane and Brian DuBock

Spring Hill

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES

TYPE: LETTER

                            Times Publishing Company


                              806 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            October 15, 1993, Friday

Olympics should be seen as vehicle for more growth

BYLINE: By Ernest Holsendolph

SECTION: BUSINESS; Section G; Page 1

LENGTH: 490 words


I must confess that one of my least favorite phrases is "getting my piece of the
pie."

It is a common phrase in Atlanta, usually meaning one wants what is coming to
him or her. The implication is that "nearly everybody else has more, and I'm
overdue."

It demeans the city, in a way, and suggests that Atlanta, while enticing and
appealing, consists of a plate of food that's disappearing fast - and if you
don't hurry and grab your share, it will all be gone.

Andrew Young doesn't like the phrase either, and he is especially irked to hear
people talk about cashing in on the Olympics as "getting a piece of the pie."

Sure enough, the Olympic extravaganza and all the hardware and infrastructure it
takes to put it on will generate hundreds of millions of dollars in direct
business, and millions more in allied enterprises.

Only part of the payoff

Before long, after the list of sponsors is complete and plans are finished, we
may be able to say how much revenue that will be. But Young and others like to
emphasize that the 17 days of the centennial Olympics, and the efforts to bring
it about, amount to only a portion of the payoff.

In that regard, the Olympics is not a pie or a fixed asset but a vehicle for
leveraging another age of growth for the city, state and region.

"The Olympics is really, potentially a wealth generator, much like Hartsfield
has become,'' said the former Atlanta mayor.

Untold dozens of small businesses, including many owned by minorities, were
given birth by the transformation of the old airport to the still-growing
facility, he said.

And MARTA, another grand project, also helped open the city economy by providing
new opportunities for designers, contractors and suppliers.

Both the airport and MARTA contribute to Atlanta's image as a land of
opportunity.

"The Olympics can add growth to the region and open valuable opportunities
through good will," said Young, "especially if it gains the success we expect."

Developing connections

Many businesses, perhaps under Young's tutelage, are adopting his view.

Oscar Harris, president of Turner Associates, an architectural firm developing
one of the Olympic venues, has formed a new subsidiary to his company, OLH
International, to develop international business after the big event.

"We're doing OK now," he said, "developing Olympic field hockey facilities at
the Atlanta University complex.

"But we expect to do a lot more through contacts we are developing in connection
with the global event."

Young said more than 40 percent of Olympics work will be handled by minority
contractors, vendors and suppliers, many of whom will have a chance to parlay
their experience into broader activities here and elsewhere after 1996.

"What the country really needs is more wealth generation, and I think the
Olympics is one vehicle that can do that in our region."

Ernest Holsendolph's column appears every Sunday, Wednesday and Friday.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH932890206

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              807 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 2, 1985, Wednesday, Final Edition

Campaign Flier Targets Sen. Wilder;
Unsigned Letter Sent Out in Va.

BYLINE: From Wire Services

SECTION: Metro; D4

LENGTH: 346 words

DATELINE: RICHMOND, Jan. 1, 1985


The only announced candidate for the Democratic nomination for lieutenant
governor of Virginia has been the target of an unsigned campaign flier that
alleges he pushed for a "liberal Virginia judiciary" and is a friend of "dope
pushers and booze merchants."

"It is indeed scurrilous," state Sen. L. Douglas Wilder of Richmond said of the
flier. "I don't denounce it as being racist. I denounce it as unwholesome,
illegal and not conducive of open political discussion.

"It demeans not just me but other Democrats too," said Wilder, who is black.

The flier, billed as a "confidential draft" from Wilder to "all state senators
and delegates of both parties," purports to spell out why his bid for higher
office "is necessary to assure victory for the entire slate of Democrats in next
fall's elections."

The one-page, single-spaced flier alleges that Wilder has consistently voted
against raising the minimum legal drinking age to 21 and pushed for a "liberal
Virginia judiciary" that lets "our defense attorney friends' dope pusher clients
off with lighter sentences than their victim drug users receive."

It alleges that he and Del. Mary Sue Terry (D-Patrick), a candidate for the
Democratic nomination for attorney general, depend on a constituency of
"homosexuals, the women's libbers, the proabortionists, the religion haters, the
liberal media, the slick defense lawyers, the dope pushers and the booze
merchants."

It also claims Wilder not only aspires for the lieutenant governor's slot next
year, but the governor's mansion in 1989.

"If you liked the American Civil Liberties Union running the Virginia prison
system under Gov.  Charles S.  Robb, you are going to love the outfit I let run
the prisons under the Wilder administration," the flier said.

Wilder said he received the flier in a plain white envelope mailed from Northern
Virginia. He said at least two Democratic delegates have received similar
fliers.

Wilder said the flier did not surprise him, "but it would be good to nip in the
bud early on, so we can have a campaign geared to issues."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, L. Douglas Wilder . . . "I denounce it as unwholesome"

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                              808 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Jerusalem Post

                            October 21, 2016 Friday

The Saunder B. Rifkin commemorative column

BYLINE: LAWRENCE RIFKIN

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 844 words


The Jerusalem Post recently published a supplement for Rosh Hashana, 50 Most
Influential Jews. (There were actually 64 people listed, but that's beside the
point.)

Of the top three, two were philanthropists: Haim Saban (No. 1) and Sheldon
Adelson (No. 3). Clearly, the point was that money means influence. This is not
to demean anyone who is willing to part with money for a good cause - although
sometimes "good cause" can be defined only in very narrow terms. But this, too,
is beside the point, because all too often, we refer to financially generous
Jews as "Jewish leaders."

JUST WHAT is a Jewish leader? It seems there are three types.

The first generally comes up through the ranks, starting in the trenches and
progressing thanks to hard work and, quite often, personal example. Such people
can be community professionals - rabbis, teachers and Jewish Federation
directors, just to name a few - or merely top volunteers. It's mostly due to the
fact that they shed sweat, know how things work and can rally others.

The second type becomes a Jewish leader through visibility. These people usually
have a high profile due to their line of work and are seen or read about in the
news in a positive way. Their presence on a Jewish community's masthead brings
prestige. Usually, they give some of their money, and often even some of their
time. But many might better be called simply "trophy Jews."

Members of the third group become Jewish leaders solely by virtue of their
money. They might have worked hard to earn it, but usually, their status in the
community derives from the fact that they part with it to the community's
benefit. They basically purchase their position of leadership, perhaps by
becoming a name on a building or an important institution or program, or by
underwriting an organization that lets them have anywhere from some to a lot of
say in how it's run and what it does.

Two noteworthy examples of the last group are Saban and Adelson.

Saban, born in Egypt and now a resident of Beverly Hills by way of Israel and
France, gave us the Power Rangers, a cadre of cartoon super heroes who kept our
kids glued to the TV screen long enough to eat lunch on folding lap-tables
before moving on to playdates or the latest computer game. It wasn't Gone with
the Wind or even Star Trek, but it served its purpose. He eventually built up a
media empire and today is worth about $3 billion.

Adelson, born and raised in Boston and now a resident of Las Vegas, made his
billions in the casino business. It's not as honorable a fortune as one that
might be attained by achieving world peace or developing a cure for cancer, but
someone's got to give gamblers and little old ladies with bags of quarters a
refuge from nicotine-stained bookies and large men named Vito who issue friendly
reminders about unpaid debts. His net worth bobs (he moves up and down the
Forbes list like a buoy in choppy seas), but it's safe to say he's good for
perhaps 10 times as much as Saban.

Many among the first group of Jewish leaders spend a lot of time trying to raise
money from the last group. My father was one of them.

A volunteer chair of the local Israel Emergency Fund, my curtain-salesman dad
would bust his ass during the little time he had free from his day job (and even
take time away from work to bust his ass a little more) in order to cajole
people into making a donation. Interestingly, each year, he would give a far
larger proportion of his own wealth - if you could call it that - than did a lot
of the big shots with whom he'd spend hours literally begging for a few
miserable bucks.

Perhaps the saddest part is that when Israeli VIPs came to town, the moneyed
denizens of the community would usually push my dad out of the viewfinder for
the congratulatory photos. (One exception is when air force commander Benny
Peled showed up.) Dad never let it bother him, though. He wasn't in it for
himself.

When he died of cancer at 56, just before the start of another fund-raising
season in late 1974, no buildings or programs were named for him, although the
Jewish Federation kindly allowed his successors to dedicate the coming campaign
to his memory.

ALL OF THE people in the three categories of Jewish leadership are important
cogs in the continuity of a thriving Jewish community. But it has to be said
that the real Jewish leader is one who gives of him- or herself. Certainly, it
can mean giving money, and certainly, it can mean lending stature to enhance the
nobility of the cause. But mostly, it's someone who does the scut work,
performing it with extreme dedication, sweat and humility, and then encourages
others to do the same.

My father was a Jewish leader no less than Haim Saban or Sheldon Adelson - and
probably more so. He gave of himself when he could little afford to. He
identified a cause that was far more important than status or applause, and then
went out and did what he did for absolutely nothing in return save for an annual
certificate of appreciation.

Now, with this column, he has something named after him. You more than earned
it, Dad.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: GRUMPY OLD MAN. Authentic Jewish leadership comes from dedication,
humility and a willingness to dirty your hands. Not just from visibility or
money

GRAPHIC: Photo: THE WRITER'S father stands close - but not quite next to -
then-IAF commander Benny Peled in West Hartford, Connecticut, on April 15, 1973.
(Credit: Courtesy.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              809 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            March 26, 2011 Saturday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Bill targeting Sharia is misguided Proposed Missouri legislation would further
Islamophobia and misconceptions about Islam. Belief St. Louis - A gathering for
news and perspectives on faith

BYLINE: FAITH PERSPECTIVES > By Ghazala Hayat

SECTION: RELIGION; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 563 words

DATELINE: 0


Republican lawmakers in Jefferson City are proposing a bill that would prevent
Missouri courts from applying laws based on the law of foreign countries,
cultures and specifically laws based on the Islamic faith.

This bill seems redundant and unnecessary. Our courts are required to uphold the
Constitution and would not uphold a law (foreign or religious) that would be in
contradiction to our Constitution or legislatively enacted laws.

The real intent of this proposed bill, as reflected in the singling out of Islam
and the comments made by the bill's co-sponsors, is to demean Islam and the
thousands of patriotic Missourians who follow the Islamic faith.

One of the bill's co-sponsors, Rep. Don Wells, R-Cabool, has commented that this
legislation is needed to prevent the threat of Sharia, law based on Islamic
principles, from being implemented by courts in this state. He has stated that
the threat of Sharia to our state is similar to the threat that was once posed
by polio.

By using such inflammatory language, our state representatives are furthering
Islamophobia and misconceptions about Islam.

Sharia is a body of law based on the Quran (the Islamic sacred text), the
sayings and teachings of the Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him) and the
scholarly work of Muslim jurists over the past 14 centuries.

The legal code that has developed has numerous interpretations, has been
enforced in varied degrees and has been implemented in different parts of the
world at various times in history.

Just like any body of law, there is much debate among Muslims regarding the
application and interpretation of certain areas of Islamic law. Sharia provides
guidance on issues such as the proper preparation of food and meat, the
requirements of certain financial transactions, the manner in which to pass on
assets to heirs, the requirements of paying charity for the poor, and the
provisions required in a contract of an Islamic marriage.

When discussing Sharia, it is unfortunate that only some aspects of this huge
body of law get all the media and public attention. It seems that all we hear
regarding Sharia are certain criminal punishments and polygamy laws that are
enforced in some Muslim countries. The vast majority of the Sharia that deals
with the mundane issues of daily life are never mentioned or discussed.

Our state representatives, who claim that there is a threat to our courts from
Missouri citizens demanding that provisions of the Sharia be implemented in our
judicial system, are simply engaging in a political publicity stunt.

It is a well established legal doctrine in our country that the courts will not
enforce any laws, be it foreign or based in religion, that are contradictory or
against the laws, public policies, and principles of our federal and state
constitutions.

Muslim- and Islam-bashing has unfortunately become an acceptable tactic used by
certain elected officials for their own short term political aims. Our
Legislature has much more pressing issues to address than wasting time and
resources debating laws that do not impact the realities of the daily life of
Missourians.

---

Ghazala Hayat is a professor of neurology and psychiatry at St. Louis
University. She is the chairwoman of the public relations committee of the
Islamic foundation of Greater St. Louis. Her Civil Religion blog is, "BUILDING
BRIDGES - Thoughts from a Muslim perspective."

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo - Ghazala Hayat

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COMMENTARY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              810 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 15, 2006 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Doctor's Pay

SECTION: Section A; Column 4; Editorial Desk; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 128 words



To the Editor:

Re ''Medicare, in a Different Tack, Moves to Link Doctors' Payments to
Performance'' (news article, Dec. 12): Representative Pete Stark of California
is correct when he says, ''The entire concept of pay-for-performance is
offensive.'' The idea that I will work smarter for a few pennies more demeans me
as a person and as a professional.

If federal ''medicrats'' are so concerned about quality of care, let them
concentrate their lumbering methods on stiffening the standards for medical
school admission, national testing, licensure and recertification.

They would have to work hand in hand with state agencies in these efforts, but
it sure beats trying to bribe me with what amounts to a baloney sandwich.

Paul Bloustein, M.D.
Cincinnati, Dec. 12, 2006

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              811 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 11, 2002 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Judges Shouldn't Make Medical Decisions

SECTION: Section 14NJ; Column 1; New Jersey Weekly Desk; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 198 words


To the Editor:

The optimism about drug courts ("Drug Court Slows The Revolving Door," Aug. 4)
seems premature, to say the least. Of the 2,000 who have thus far been sent to
treatment in the state, the article says, 540 have already been returned to
prison for violations, and only 5 percent (about 100) have completed the program
so far.

It is illogical to ask a judge to make a determination that an accused criminal
is sick and to decide whether and what form of treatment is necessary. True,
opiate addiction is a condition that usually requires, and very often responds
favorably to, treatment. But to state that it needs to be court-ordered with the
threat of jail is to demean the efforts of countless drug and alcohol users who
voluntarily seek and benefit from help as well as those who provide that help.

Laws whose enforcement does society more harm than good must be changed.
Substituting one form of court-ordered sanction for another simply perpetuates
the fundamental problem of a failed national drug policy.

ROBERT NEWMAN, M.D.
New York

The writer is director of the Baron Edmond de Rothschild Chemical Dependency
Institute of the Beth Israel Medical Center in New York City.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              812 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        April 26, 1996 Friday 2D EDITION

LETTERS TO THE POST

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-06

LENGTH: 1713 words


Clinton is excoriated and praised for vetoing abortion curb

President Clinton, by his record, and by his veto of the partial-birth abortion
bill will go down in history as the abortion president. His protection of those
who destroy a fullyformed and nearly born child by the violent means of
destroying his or her brains will, we predict, haunt him long after he is no
longer president.

ALLEN HOEGERMEYER

Hooper, Neb.

-- -- --


Clinton's callous veto of legislation banning partial birth abortions will be a
clarion call to all who identify themselves as Roman Catholics. In Colorado,
Catholics are 23 or 24 percent of the population.

As Cardinal James A. Hickey of Washington said, in response to Clinton's veto,
"If we deny the humanity of a child as it is being born, whose humanity will be
denied next?"

The White House calculates that all female voters think as a block in favor of
any abortion on demand. This demeans the critical thinking of all women.

The Clinton veto is extreme. Catholic voters have a moral obligation to examine
the character of a president who, in 1992, said that abortion should be "safe,
rare and legal."ROBERT FEENEY

Louisville

-- -- --


Confucius said that civilization begins when we call things by their proper
names.

The emotionally labeled "partial-birth abortion" isn't even a medical term,
according to Dr. J. Courtland Robinson of Johns Hopkins University. And the
gruesome description opponents enjoy using of plunging scissors in to "suck out
the brains" loses its horror when it is described correctly as a cephalocentesis
that removes cerebrospinal fluid (not brains) from the brain, causing instant
brain herniation and death. If being "gruesome" were a medical criterion, we
would outlaw many life-saving medical procedures, including heart surgery.

Readers should question the credibility of people giving medical opinions
without at least knowing medical terms. And voters should question the integrity
of professional politicians willing to pass legislation based on such emotional
testimony.

President Clinton, showing compassion, vetoed the bill to ban this necessary
procedure. Presidential candidate Dole, on the other hand, has said
unequivocally he would not permit a late-term abortion even if the mother's life
were in danger.

JANET BRAZILL

Colorado Springs

-- -- --

Profile of Call to Renewal was thought-provoking

Thank you for your excellent article on Jim Wallis, editor of Sojourners, and
The Post's recognition of the Call to Renewal movement, with its appeal to
evangelical Christians who do not consider themselves part of the "religious
right." There are many evangelical Christians (not just "liberal" Christians)
who haven't had a voice in the current political scene and who don't feel
represented by far-right viewpoints (Living section, April 13).

For those who are curious about Wallis' vision for a truly biblical expression
of Christianity within our culture, his well-articulated and theologically sound
book, "The Soul of Politics: Beyond the Secular Left and the Religious Right,"
is an inspiring and practical challenge to enact the gospel themes of justice,
righteousness and compassion within society.

MARY JO STARMER

Arvada

-- -- --


In last Saturday's Post, Claire Martin did a piece on the Rev. Jim Wallis and
his Call to Renewal group.

I was quite surprised by the quote in the article from Dr. H. Malcolm Newton of
Denver Seminary. He indicated that when it comes to African-American and
Hispanic Christians, groups such as Focus on the Family are guilty of "racism."
While I certainly can't speak for the other individuals he indicts with his
statement, I am curious as to how he came to the conclusion that Focus has no
regard for the needs of minority families, particularly those of
African-Americans.

In reality, Focus on the Family is making a real effort to minister to
individuals and families of all races and cultures - not only here in America
but also around the world. Our Black Family Ministry is successfully building
relationships with black leaders and families in the American inner city with
one objective in mind: to partner with those black leaders in developing
practical advice and resources that are relevant to the needs of
African-American families across the country.

The feedback we have received indicates that we are indeed making progress in
reaching out to those in the African-American and other minority communities.

I can only assume that Dr. Newton is simply unfamiliar with the full scope of
our outreach - particularly as it relates to the black family.

Therefore, I would like to take this opportunity to invite him to visit Focus on
the Family and see for himself exactly what it is we do here.

PAUL HETRICK, Vice President

Focus on the Family, Colorado Springs

-- -- --

Adoptee hits 'brick wall' in quest for her brother

I am a 43-year-old female adoptee who has attempted to locate my biological
parents for many years now.

I have experienced firsthand the Denver legal brick wall in my attempts to
discover what my heritage is or whether my biological parents wish to speak with
me.

As the only child of my adoptive parents, I grew up not understanding a
persistent longing I had, not only for connection with my birth parents but for
a brother.

Recently my adoptive mother informed me that she recalled the adoption agency,
mentioning I had a biological brother - perhaps there is another "Baby Stanley"
(as I was referred to until adoption) hoping to find his missing sister.

What I've seen so far is the debate seems to be limited to the parent-child
re-connection, when there is often an equal, if not greater, desire to find
one's biological brothers and sisters.

The long overdue passage of HB 1037 will provide an opportunity for
re-connecting with not only biological parents but long lost siblings, as well.

KATHY DISCOE

Denver

-- -- --

Faculty should serve students, regardless of race

A friend sent Al Knight's op-ed piece "Metro State's ethnic 'invasion,"' (March
20) and I was bothered by the question that he did not raise about Wilt Flemon's
statement: "By the year 2010    50 percent of our faculty will be students of
color. Our faculty have to reflect that    "

I taught in the chemistry department at Metro State prior to Flemon. There
wasn't a single person of color in the department, but we did an excellent job
teaching chemistry. Much as I applaud the notion of ethnic diversity, I question
the goal of achieving it for its own sake.

The goal of a college is to offer the best possible instruction to its students.
The goal of affirmative action is to give the nod to a minority candidate if two
candidates are otherwise equally qualified.

When I was a faculty member at a historically black college a commencement
speaker made the statement, "We can't let white people teach our black students
or we won't recognize the product."

While there is an obvious need for role models for minority students it is not
clear that such reverse discrimination is the answer, there or at Metro.

I am currently teaching at a majority minority college in New York City and have
extremely high student evaluations. In education matters, students appear to be
colorblind. I suggest that faculties and administrations ought to be, also.

ROBERT F. DRAKE

Bronx, N.Y.

-- -- --

Whye misstated facts

in column on Brown crash

I am writing in response to Chet Whye's column about the crash of the T-43
carrying Ron Brown (The Post, April 18). There are two specific issues I would
like to highlight.

First, he tries to brag it up about his past as an aerospace engineer and then
makes patently false statements about what an instrument landing system does. It
does not indicate whether it is safe to land. It simply provides precise
electronic guidance to the runway. Maybe this is why Whye is slinging ink
instead of working in the aerospace industry.

Secondly, Whye seems bent on finding a conspiracy in the crash. He comments on
the lack of a "black box" and takes a jab at the Air Force explanation of budget
issues. Maybe Whye needs to be reminded that he has always been a leading
advocate of stripping the defense budget. I wonder if Whye would be so concerned
about the crash if the secretary had been a Republican or white or both.

MICHAEL BROUILLETTE

Littleton

-- -- --

Utah wilderness was saved

for love, not for money

On March 27, the environment won a major battle in Congress. Sen. Orrin Hatch
and his cronies were stopped in their tracks when they tried to pass S. 884, a
bill that would open millions of acres of wilderness-quality land in Utah for
development. Now Hatch is claiming that environmental groups paid people to
protest his bill.

I was one of the many Colorado citizens who spent the past several months
working to save the Redrock country in Utah, which is a national treasure. I
wasn't paid by any organization. Hundreds of Coloradans volunteered many hours
of personal time to fight S. 884. Thousands of Coloradans called and wrote their
senators in protest. None of them was paid to do so.

In an era where Congress is controlled by big business lobbyists, I find it
laughable that Hatch is railing against ordinary folks who want to have some say
in what laws getpassed.

MIRIAM ROSENBLUM

Englewood

-- -- --

Protect our children

April 17 was a very sad day for our Colorado children. If "modifications" to the
Children's Code are passed and accepted, it will prove that we here in Colorado
are surely not "child friendly"!

Unbelievably, what is being considered would make it more difficult to report
child abuse by changing "suspect" of abuse to "taking reasonable steps to
confirm the facts." That is what investigators get paid to do, and clearly
teachers don't have that kind of time or expertise. This clearly discourages
reporting abuse of children altogether.

Another "anti-kid" piece of legislation would declare "the right of parents to
direct the upbringing, education, discipline and values of their children shall
not be infringed." Again, this is not in the best interest of children, and "the
village" should have some say over what parents can and cannot do.

GLORIA HOWARD

Denver

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                        Copyright 1996 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              813 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  April 15, 1989, SATURDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

BOOK REVIEW CALMLY MAKING THE CASE AGAINST CENSORSHIP LIBERTY DENIED: THE;
CURRENT RISE OF CENSORSHIP IN AMERICA BY DONNA A. DEMAC 177 PAGES, PEN AMERICAN
CENTER, $6.95 PAPER

BYLINE: Reviewed by Steve Weinberg

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 414 words


DONNA DEMAC, a New York City lawyer, has performed a valuable service with this
compendium of actions meant to limit the amount of information we receive about
our history and current public policy. The publisher, PEN American Center, is a
group of poets, playwrights, essayists, editors and novelists. Writers would, of
course, be expected to rail against censorship, but we should all rail with
them. Most of what we know about much of the world comes from writers. If their
access to information is circumscribed, everybody suffers.  Demac's book is
nonjudgmental in many chapters where partisanship might be expec ted. When she
discusses whether pornography ought to be censored because it demeans women, she
comes out for publication on the grounds that suppression is too great a price
to pay. But she gives the other side its due, both in the text and in her list
of ''selected readings'' at the end of the chapter. As a result, this book
should appeal to all readers interested in censorship, including those who
believe that sometimes the need for censorship outweighs the importance of
unfettered free expression.  Demac's other chapters cover banned books in
schools and libraries, libel suits meant to punish the media, prohibitions on
whistle blowing inside corporations, government surveillance and secrecy, and
restrictions on university research.  I would quibble with her lack of emphasis
on some topics, such as the abuse of the Freedom of Information Act by the
Reagan administration. But as a compendium, it is effective overall. Perhaps it
will spur consumers of information to join forces with providers of information.
Steve Weinberg consumes information and teaches journalism in Columbia, Mo.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              814 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            October 10, 2008 Friday

An American hero

BYLINE: Peter Howell, Toronto Star

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. E07

LENGTH: 598 words


It just wouldn't be autumn without an inspirational football movie to accompany
it, and The Express moves the pigskin briskly without fumbling it.

Whether that's enough to attract audiences outside the gridiron set remains to
be seen. A film about Ernie Davis, the first African-American to win college
football's Heisman Trophy, is far from a guaranteed touchdown, since Davis is
unknown even to many ardent followers of the game.

With a game-changing U.S. election on the horizon, however, there couldn't
possibly be a better time for a story about a motivated man of colour who excels
despite setbacks and prejudice, even if the tale can't approach the legend of
baseball's Jackie Robinson (whose significant breaking of the ball diamond
colour bar is referenced more than once).

This is not to demean Davis, whose life was shortened by tragedy. But it does
limit how far director Gary Fleder (Kiss the Girls) and screenwriter Charles
Leavitt (Blood Diamond) can go, especially since most of the action occurs in
the late 1950s, before the civil rights movement took hold in the U.S.

Fleder and Leavitt stick to the formula basics, relying on good casting to see
them through. Rob Brown (Stop-Loss, Coach Carter) is the picture of the
relentless striver, overcoming family struggles (he's raised by his grandpa,
played by Charles S. Dutton), blatant racism (football helmets also serve to
deflect flying bottles) and physical limitations (he stutters).

Davis finds a surrogate father figure in Ben Schwartzwalder (Dennis Quaid, no
stranger to inspiration sport movies), a gruff coach who persuades the young
talent to join his Syracuse University team in the New York border burg, even
though the town is anything but a football mecca. Schwartzwalder has an ace up
his sleeve in the person of Jim Brown (Darrin DeWitt), a former protege who went
on to greatness as a professional player and who sees some of himself in Davis.

Once Schwartzwalder has Davis firmly under his command, he pushes him harder
than the youth ever expected, causing Davis to doubt the wisdom of the deal.

"About now you're wondering what happened to that nice gentleman who came to
your house and asked you to play for Syracuse," cracks his burly teammate Jack
Buckley (Omar Benson Miller), who provides welcome comic relief.

But greatness beckons, nonetheless, and even the dour Schwartzwalder learns a
thing or two about being the best you can be.

Aptly named, The Express plows through any subtleties of storytelling, ticking
all the boxes of this genre of movie. There's a little bit of romance, a lot of
well-choreographed football action and enough motivational speeches ("Don't you
let anyone steal history away from you!") to fill a Dale Carnegie book.

The illness that robbed Davis of a long career is also given due respect,
gratifyingly not milked as much as it could have been. When Davis finally wins
the Heisman, a prize long considered out of reach for non-whites, President John
F. Kennedy recognizes the achievement with a personal meeting and a stirring
telegram of congratulations.

It makes you wonder how much stronger the movie might have been had the JFK
angle been played up, since he reportedly followed Davis with great interest.

Everything moves so briskly in the film, there's barely even mention that the
title refers to Davis' nickname, shortened from The Elmira Express. But consider
that a virtue in a movie content to teach familiar messages without overstating
them.The Express

(out of 4)

Starring Rob Brown, Dennis Quaid and Omar Benson Miller. Directed by Gary
Fleder. At major theatres. PG

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Rob Brown stars as Heisman Trophy winner Ernie Davis in The Express.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2008 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              815 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                             April 19, 2013 Friday
                                 First Edition

Water scandal demeans us all

BYLINE: Louise Foster Rogers, Dundas

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 113 words


Appalled as I am at the attack on the Boston Marathon, I have to say I am 10
times more appalled at The Spectator's findings on Six Nations Reserve. The glib
acceptance by us all (yes, we are complicit through not keeping up the pressure
on our government) of the lack of clean drinking water reflects badly on
Canadians.

The suffragette vote was of less importance, and had more visible and rigorous
opposition, than do our First Nations, who are demeaned by government failing to
provide what is every human's rock-bottom and fundamental right - clean drinking
water for everyone.

If we, as Canadians, will put up with this, what won't we put up with?

Louise Foster Rogers, Dundas

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              816 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                             June 24, 2001, Sunday

GUTSY CERV SERVES UP TRUE TASTE OF HEROICS

BYLINE: JIMMY CANNON

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 077

LENGTH: 704 words


COWARDICE demeans mankind. Courage exalts it. We may grieve for the coward but
he is a man assigned to disgrace. The guy who persists despite jeopardy belongs
to the balladeers and he has been honored in all the ages. Great causes inspire
noble men to bravery. It is better that man have a thrilling reason for it
because it is wrong to suffer without purpose. Sport, of course, is show
business. Men are paid to entertain people who have time to waste.

The cynical ridicule them as toy people and ridicule their achievements as small
events. But, no matter what a man's work is, if he accepts pain and jeopardy as
a fee he must pay to his profession, then he should be honored. All those people
who choose the hard way when there is an easier one are glorious people. We need
them on earth and their acts should be praised.

The malingerers, man or animal, know the contempt of their fellows in sports.
Such as Vince Martinez, down nine times in his fight with Virgil Akins, accepted
the barbaric ethics of his violent trade. Tim Tam ran the last eighth of a mile
in the Belmont on a broken right foreleg. Now Bob Cerv, the outfielder with the
Kansas City Athletics, plays baseball with his twice-fractured jaw clamped tight
by wire and has been eating through a straw for more than three weeks. There is
no reason for it except that he is a professional ballplayer. By the standards
of his field, no man ever did more, no matter what the records tell you.

It would have been sensible for him to stay in a hospital room. There was no
pressure on him to play. He fully realized the hazards of his decision. The
jaded may claim he is foolish to risk the big league salaries of the years to
come. Baseball firms seldom turn up a spot even for guys who cripple themselves
in the stockholders' interests. We should cherish a man such as Bob Cerv. How
many do you know in any line who ever gave more?

*

Bob Cerv came to the Yankees from Kansas City, then a New York subsidiary, in
'54. He was a dependable pinch hitter, batting .341 in '55 and .304 in '56. Last
year they sent him to the Athletics where his average was .272 as a regular.
This year Bob Cerv leads the American League in home runs and runs driven in and
is mainly responsible for the Athletics holding on to second place. He missed
only three games after he collided with Red Wilson, the Detroit catcher, while
trying to score.

He is a bulky man of 32, muscular and thick-bodied, unimpressed by his loyalty
to the Kansas City baseball company when I came upon him yesterday. He said
hello, his wire-locked face looked immobile, his lips tight and dry because he
can't wet them with his tongue. He can speak audibly but he reminds you of a
dummyless ventriloquist as he talks through his teeth with unmoving lips.

"Why," I asked him, "do you take a chance like this?"

"I just want to play," he replied.

I may have been in so many clubhouses, on so many benches, in so many hotel
rooms where guys denounced managers for suggesting they play with minor bruises
and small aches. The modern ball players have embraced the theories of less
spectacular businesses. They harbor their strength, pamper their flaws, put out
stingily. Naturally there are exceptions. Mickey Mantle's one. On bandaged and
swollen legs, Mantle runs as if he never felt an ache and most of the time he is
in pain.

*

It doesn't excite Bob Cerv because he is on a liquid diet.

"I haven't lost any weight," he explained, minimizing it. "I eat three good
meals a day. I have a blender. It beats it up and I drink it through a straw.
Bread is the only thing I can't have."

The club's trainer rooms with Bob Cerv.

"Oh," he said. "That's in case I got sick or something. It would be a tough job
if I had to clip the wires by myself. I sleep very well. I don't take pills. I
never took a sleeping pill in my life. I'm a little tired. But so are the rest
of the guys. We played nine games in six days. Everybody's a little tired." Bob
Cerv neglected to mention that there is a tank of oxygen in the dugout for him
so that he can take draughts of it between innings.

You come away from Bob Cerv realizing this is one hell of a man.


LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BOB CERV Real tough guy.

           Copyright 2001 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              817 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          September 7, 1991, Saturday

Cutthroat ad demeans Thomas nomination

SECTION: EDITORIAL; SECTION A; PAGE 18

LENGTH: 397 words


So American politics are again dragged into the mire. Two cutthroat right-wing
outfits have produced a TV ad so revolting it found the gag reflex of the man
who resorted to a nastily divisive patriotism and who pushed bogey-man Willie
Horton on a frightened public in order to be elected president.

Even George Bush denounces the eager slanders retailed by the Conservative
Victory Committee and Americans United.

Their ad on behalf of Judge Clarence Thomas's nomination to the Supreme Court
throws mud on several senators serving on the Senate Judiciary Committee, which
has the constitutional duty to assess the nomination. The broadside resorts to
such devices as reproducing tabloid headlines about Sen. Edward Kennedy and
saying, misleadingly, that Sen. Joseph Biden was "found guilty" of plagiarism,
as if cribbing from someone else's old speech were a criminal case.

These vivid defamations were undertaken, according to the sponsors, as a retort
to opposition to the Thomas nomination by several liberal groups and as a
warning that the right will play mean if it begins to look as though Judge
Thomas might go the way of rejected Reagan nominee Robert Bork.

Conservative activists are still steamed that the opposition made a convincing
case against Judge Bork. But even granting that the senators denounced by this
ad do indeed have dirty skirts, the ad first continues a basic misunderstanding
of the Bork decision, then drags disagreement over the Thomas nomination to a
new low. It substitutes personal attack for issues combat.

The campaign against the Bork nomination was based on Judge Bork's extensive
writings and speeches. The judge's defenders can argue legitimately that, here
and there, his positions were exaggerated to the point of misrepresentation. The
opposition, however, was never personal, and Judge Thomas hasn't been attacked
personally, either. Indeed, most opponents of his nomination have observed a
ritual admiration for him.

The ad says, in effect, the Judiciary Committee is loaded with such scum it d
are not disallow the Thomas nomination. The scum, however, were elected by the
American people and were charged by no less than our founders with reviewing all
nominations. Founders who no doubt would have been disgusted that such
advertising was pretending to the status of political discourse.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                              818 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              DAILY MAIL (London)

                              May 16, 2011 Monday

FIGHTING FOR THE RIGHT TO BE A 'SLUT' DEMEANS US ALL

BYLINE: BY JANET STREET-PORTER

LENGTH: 1302 words


Sluts or nuts? Will marching through a city in your bra help women to get
treated fairly when they are attacked?

This controversial campaign started with an unfortunate remark , a policeman in
Canada told students that women should avoid 'dressing like sluts' if they
didn't want to be victimised.

The outrage that followed this politically incorrect advice led to the officer
being disciplined and ordered to apologise. Soon, thousands of women , many just
wearing their underwear , marched in Toronto and Slutwalks were born.

The movement has grown rapidly through Facebook , a week ago 3,000 demonstrated
in Boston, for the right to 'dress as they please'. They argue that many police
officers and law enforcement agencies believe women are partly to blame if they
choose to dress provocatively and then get sexually assaulted.

Slutwalks are going global , several are planned in Australia and in London on
June 11. Why are women so keen to appropriate the word slut? It's a mystery to
me. Slut, as Germaine Greer pointed out the other day, historically means 'a
woman of dirty, slovenly, or untidy habits or appearance, a foul slattern' ,
nothing to do with sex and everything to do with cleanliness.

Yes, these days we are brainwashed into over-cleaning everything in sight, and
we spend a considerable amount of our wages on cleaning gadgets and cleansing
products. Housework takes up too much of our time, and the minute we can afford
it, we pay someone else to do it.

We regard a dirty home as a shameful one, a sign we have failed. Only posh
eccentrics and well-educated middle-class intelligentsia are proud to say they
live in squalor. The rest of us spend far too long tidying up and trying to
restore order to our surroundings.

Of course, men rarely get involved in all this , it is perfectly acceptable for
them to be messy , we often dismiss it as one of their little 'foibles'. But why
should women want to be called sluts? What's so wrong about liking my house
being neat and tidy? Does it mean I've let the sisterhood down if I like
stacking the pots in the dishwasher?

The word slut has become associated with dirty sex as well as a dirty home.
Sluts are women who sleep with whoever they choose, often getting paid for doing
so.

W hen junior tennis star Laura Robson described some of her fellow players as
sluts in an interview in Vogue last year, she quickly apologised profusely.

She'd implied that some young players seemed more interested in their sex lives
than the game of tennis , a valid point. But the S word is regarded as such an
insult, this naove teenager quickly had to pretend she hadn't really meant to
use it.

The slutwalkers, in their bras and pants, say that women should have true
equality , the freedom to wear what they like without fear of censure. I agree ,
up to a point. It's true the police have a long way to go in dealing with rape ,
just 6.5 per cent of cases end in a conviction, a cause for concern.

Blaming women for wearing shorts and low-cut frocks doesn't disguise the fact
that there are serious failures in the system. Women have an unpleasant time
from the minute they accuse a man of rape, and a courtroom appearance can be an
ordeal.

But there's a fine line between expressing your individuality through your
clothing and starting a chain of events you may not be able to control.

We dress to be noticed and admired , but do we think through the consequences?
There's a huge amount of peer pressure among young girls to dress older than
their years, to wear sexually charged clothing before they've even had a period.

Of course men are 100 per cent responsible for their actions , but why some
women dress so provocatively in situations where a lot of drink is being
consumed and both sexes might feel more uninhibited is difficult to understand.

Women should be able to go out at night and have fun without worrying about
being attacked. I'm not saying they should be fearful, but they should be
mindful, that what they are wearing, where they are walking and whether they are
alone should all be considered.

Pop icons like Lady Gaga swan around in pants and a bra , so it's not surprising
that impressionable small girls can't see why they can't do the same. But
they're going to school, not a nightclub.

Fighting for the right to be a slut demeans smart women , I'll fight any day for
equality at work, in the boardroom, and in parliament. Not the right to prance
about in public in my pants.

COME ON CELIA, BEST DESERVES BETTER

George Best drank himself to death in 2005. A couple of years earlier, Celia
Walden (right) was sent by her newspaper to 'babysit' the errant footballer, to
make sure he delivered his column and didn't blab to any of their rivals.

These days glamorous Celia is married to Piers Morgan and writes a newspaper
column of her own. Why wait all this time to turn her limited experience with a
sporting icon in sad decline into a pretentious memoir costing a whopping
616.99?

One reviewer described it as 'muck-racking tabloid journalism dressed up as
something more' and I agree. We all know the story , a once attractive and
supremely talented man becomes an alcoholic only interested in his relationship
with booze. What's new to say about that?

Celia seems judgmental, but do we care? It might be more interesting to
speculate why she seems to determined to parade her credentials as a serious
writer. Could she be trying to emulate her husband's obsession with fame and
celebrity, now he's hosting a chat show in the U.S.?

George Best wasn't a saint, but his son Calum deserves better than this pious
twaddle.

IT'S ENOUGH TO MAKE ME GAG!

Stung by his former wife's allegation that someone else said they were driving
his car when he was stopped for speeding, millionaire Climate Change Secretary
Chris Huhne has employed an expensive media lawyer to defend his reputation.

In another newspaper yesterday, Jeremy Clarkson (with a multi-million pound BBC
deal and a property empire) and Jemima Khan (who inherited millions) both squeal
about the need for privacy.

Hugh Grant moans on Newsnight about the need for gagging orders. Funny how it's
mostly wealthy people who can afford to have an opinion about whether or not we
need a privacy law.

The more money you have, the more influence and power is available to deal with
unwelcome stories about yourself.

Privacy is only an option for the very rich.

Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has ensured that carefully staged photos
regularly reinforce his action man image , probably the most embarrassing have
been the topless riding and fishing shots , a bit OTT for a man in his late 50s,
even if he's pretty fit.

Putin has inspired a cult following in Russia, the most devoted of which are a
bizarre all-female sect who believe he is on a mission from God.

They wear nuns' clothing, sing patriotic songs and pray to a portrait of the
former President and KGB agent, surviving on a diet of turnips, carrots and
buckwheat.

Hard to imagine the same thing happening here , in spite of all Alastair
Campbell's clever stage-managing of Blair's public appearances during his years
in power, I can't imagine a single person praying to his image, these days.

Call me chubby, but I don't care. I won't be one of the suckers queuing up for
the latest slimming 'aid' from Waitrose , the bread-free sandwich. Can you
believe it?

They are flogging a new range of wraps which feature lettuce instead of
carb-laden bread to hold the fillings. You can choose from feta cheese, spiced
chicken and mango or king prawns and rice noodles , all weighing in at a paltry
125 calories.

You might feel virtuous with your low-cal wrap at lunchtime, but when four
o'clock comes around, I bet you'll be dying for a low-calorie slab of chocolate.

Can we stop demonising carbs? There's nothing wrong with good bread , and it
contains fibre.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2011 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              819 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           September 20, 2004 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

EDITORIAL ``How many lawyers does it take ... ''

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-07

LENGTH: 442 words


Lawyer-bashing is as old as the hills and as fashionable this election season as
ever. So it comes as no surprise that leaders in both state political parties
couldn't keep a straight face when they received a letter from the Colorado Bar
Association asking politicians to refrain from making disparaging remarks about
lawyers and judges.

"It totally cracked us up," said Chris Gates, chairman of the Colorado
Democratic Party. "I've received a lot of letters advocating for this issue or
that, but this was the first letter that said 'could you please refrain from
saying mean things."'

Ted Halaby, a prominent lawyer and chairman of the state Republican Party, said
the letter "showed a certain ultra-sensitivity."

"Some people think politicians are a daily joke," Halaby quipped. "Lawyers
should keep their sense of humor just as politicians need to keep their sense of
humor."

The letter from bar association President Steven Briggs, dated Sept. 8, said in
part: "... Politicians who stereotype lawyers and judges and pander to base
prejudices unfairly demean the thousands of lawyers and hundreds of judges in
Colorado who serve the public."

President Bush has criticized trial lawyers for filing frivolous lawsuits.
Senate candidate Pete Coors has castigated lawyers for months in one television
ad after another, hoping voters will turn against his opponent, a lawyer.

The Colorado bar could have responded to the Coors ads with this joke: "What do
you call a lawyer with an IQ of 50? Senator." Except, of course, the Coors
family didn't need a lawyer to run the family brewery.

Coors' Democratic rival, Attorney General Ken Salazar, has been the butt of
several Coors jabs. And Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry, a former
prosecutor, currently is being roasted for last week's unlawyerly gaffe in which
he called the Green Bay Packers' stadium "Lambert Field," instead of "Lambeau
Field."

Briggs said his letter did not target any ad or politician. "Any kind of
stereotyping is, if taken seriously, harmful to the democratic process. It seeks
to play to fears and base prejudices instead of providing enlightened discussion
about complex societal ills," he said.

He makes a good point. Still, the bar ought to lighten up.

"Since when did lawyers get a thin skin?" asked Professor Gerard Hauser, an
expert on debates and communications at the University of Colorado at Boulder,
when told of the letter.

Like politics and car repair,the law is a profession people either hate or love.

"Who are we kidding?" said Hauser. "There wouldn't be so many lawyer jokes if
people in society didn't think lawyers were fair game."

He might have added, ``So sue me.''

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              820 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            March 22, 2006 Wednesday

Careless details in Brodie story

BYLINE: Reformer.com

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 231 words


Editor of the Reformer:

The appearance of the above three linguistic icons in a very well-conceived
article detracts from the article's intent:

1. De-institutionalization is the creation of state governments. It was invented
as a disguise for abandoning mental heath responsibilities. Like many such
political icons, it has succeeded so well it has become an icon of journalism,
repeated, parroted, unexamined.

2. "The" mentally ill do not exist, nor do "the" Jews, "the" Blacks, icons
journalism employs (today) only with great caution. "The" mentally ill, "the"
homeless, "the" retarded, "the" disabled continue, informing us of whom it
remains (today) safe to demean.

3. No state mental institution ever, none, none at all, rose to the level of
hospital.

The above three politically construed icons detract from an otherwise
well-constructed, carefully directed article. Language has consequence, whether
intended or not. Journalism maintains as its ethic factual reporting. The above
icons elicit response contradictory to fact.

In high school junior English (1954) we read a story, perhaps by Katherine Ann
Porter, about a woman descending a staircase, impeccably dressed for a formal
evening. The author focused on a small piece of neglected lint on her gown.

In detail is all.

Harold A. Maio

Former Consulting Editor

Psychiatric Rehabilitation Journal

Boston University

Ft Myers, Fla., March 13

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              821 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 7, 1986, Friday, Late City Final Edition

FILM: FROM WOODY ALLEN, 'HANNAH AND HER SISTERS'

BYLINE: By VINCENT CANBY

SECTION: Section C; Page 4, Column 5; Weekend Desk

LENGTH: 1045 words


FROM the first, soaring notes of Harry James's trumpet playing ''You Made Me
Love You,'' which is heard behind the opening credits, until the series of
reconciliation scenes that bring the film to a close, Woody Allen's ''Hannah and
Her Sisters'' is virtually nonstop exhilaration - a dramatic comedy not quite
like any other, and one that sets new standards for Mr. Allen as well as for all
American movie makers.

It isn't meant to demean Mr. Allen's earlier films, or to imply that he has here
reached some sort of end, to say that ''Hannah and Her Sisters'' is the movie
he's been working toward ever since ''Annie Hall,'' ''Interiors'' and
''Manhattan.'' It's both a summation of a career to date, as well as a window on
a career to come. It's warmhearted, wise and fiercely funny, demonstrating a
rigorous command of a talent that, in the manner of Jack's prodigious beanstalk,
won't stop growing. The film opens today at the Beekman and other theaters.

Like ''Interiors,'' ''Hannah and Her Sisters'' is an intensely felt family drama
about three very different but emotionally dependent sisters, as well as about
their parents, husbands, lovers and friends. Like ''Annie Hall'' and
''Manhattan,'' it's also an utterly contemporary romantic comedy of almost
classic shapeliness. Its Forest of Arden is the island of Manhattan, and, though
no one wears an actual disguise, it's full of desperate dissembling, not all of
it innocent.

Hannah (Mia Farrow) is the eldest sister and, possibly because of her age, the
strongest. She's a successful actress who's given up her career to become a
full-time, Central Park West earth mother - as wife to Elliot and mother to
their children and to her twins from her first marriage.

Holly (Dianne Wiest), the brightest, is the troubled, aimless middle sister, a
would-be actress, a would-be caterer and a would-be writer. The youngest is Lee
(Barbara Hershey), a perennial student who frequently falls in love with her
teachers. Lee is so radiantly pretty and seemingly so in command of herself that
one learns with shock she's a recovered alcoholic, though, after the fact, this
seems to be perfectly credible.

In addition to Elliot (Michael Caine), a financial adviser to rock musicians,
the men in their lives include Frederick (Max von Sydow), the much older painter
with whom Lee lives (and for whom she is a rebellious Galatea), and Mickey Sachs
(Mr. Allen), a successful, hypochondriacal television producer, formerly married
to Hannah and sometime suitor of Holly.

Remaining very much a part of the sisters' lives, for better and worse, are
their parents (Lloyd Nolan and Maureen O'Sullivan), who somehow never realized
their initial promise as an acting couple and who today live in precarious peace
with each other and their failed hopes, doing the odd show in Rochester and the
occasional television commercial. ''They liked the idea of having children,''
says Lee at one point, ''but they were never very interested in raising them.''

''Hannah and Her Sisters'' has the narrative scope of a novel. Beginning with a
big, festive family celebration - a Thanksgiving dinner at which Elliot finds
himself falling in love with the not-unwilling Lee - the film covers several
years in the lives of its six principal characters, moving effortlessly from the
mind of one into another. Mr. Allen's most surprising achievement is the manner
by which he has refracted his own, very pronounced screen personality into the
colors of so many fully realized characters that stand at such a far remove from
the film maker.

His cast serves him well. Miss Farrow's wise, self-assured Hannah is as radical
a departure from the waif of ''The Purple Rose of Cairo'' as that waif is from
the brassy doll of ''Broadway Danny Rose.'' Miss Wiest and Miss Hershey are no
less splendid. A key scene, in which the camera circles the three sisters
sitting at a table in a French restaurant for lunch, is emotionally packed
(within the film) as well as a celebration of the actresses themselves.

It's a measure of the way the film works that Mr. Caine has never before been so
seriously comic, nor Mr. Allen so comically serious. We've seen the grandly
neurotic, possibly suicidal side of Mr. Allen's Mickey Sachs in other films, but
never the genuinely (if still comically) compassionate lover he also becomes
here. One of the great scenes in all of the Allen oeuvre must be the one in
''Hannah'' in which - in a single, unbroken take - Mickey Sachs, against his
better judgment, finds himself courting the emotionally unreliable Holly in a
Tower Records shop.

Mr. von Sydow's role is comparatively brief but brilliantly done. Frederick is a
dour, legitimately witty man. In a marvelous class by themselves are the still
beautiful Miss O'Sullivan and the late Mr. Nolan, particularly in a sequence in
which the audience - and their characters - get a glimpse at the deeply troubled
truth of their marriage. Giving big performances in small, vividly written roles
are Sam Waterston, Daniel Stern, Carrie Fisher, Tony Roberts and Joanna Gleason.

As photographed by Carlo Di Palma, ''Hannah and Her Sisters'' is as stunning to
look at as is ''Interiors,'' though the content is far livelier and far less
self-conscious.

With this film, it's apparent that Mr. Allen has become the urban poet of our
anxious age - skeptical, guiltily bourgeois, longing for answers to impossible
questions, but not yet willing to chuck a universe that can produce the Marx
Brothers.

''Hannah and Her Sisters,'' which has been rated PG-13 (''Special Parental
Guidance Suggested for Those Younger Than 13''), contains some vulgar language.
Urban Romantics HANNAH AND HER SISTERS, directed and written by Woody Allen;
director of photography, Carlo Di Palma; edited by Susan E. Morse; produced by
Robert Greenhut; released by Orion Pictures Corporation. At Beekman, Second
Avenue at 66th Street; Murray Hill, 160 East 34th Street; Loews 84th Street Six,
at Broadway and other theaters. Running time: 107 minutes. This film is rated
PG-13. MickeyWoody Allen ElliotMichael Caine HannahMia Farrow AprilCarrie Fisher
LeeBarbara Hershey Hannah's FatherLloyd Nolan Hannah's MotherMaureen O'Sullivan
DustyDaniel Stern FrederickMax von Sydow HollyDianne Wiest

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Woody Allen

TYPE: REVIEW

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              822 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           December 9, 2006 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Sizzling grill?

SECTION: NEWS; From the newsroom 2U: Highlights from The Oklahoman's blog; Pg.
2A

LENGTH: 582 words


The Heart Attack Grill -- a theme restaurant whose specialties include the
Quadruple Bypass Burger and Flatliner Fries, cooked in pure lard -- is making
health care professionals' blood pressure rise, and not because of the menu of
the Tempe, Ariz., eatery.

It is because of the waitresses' naughty nurse uniforms.

Several nurses have complained to the Arizona attorney general's office, and a
national nursing group has repeatedly asked Heart Attack Grill owner Jon Basso
to stop using the outfits.

The most serious complaint was made to the Arizona attorney general's office by
the state Board of Nursing. In September, the attorney general's office wrote
Basso a letter informing him that he is illegally using the word "nurse" at his
restaurant and on his Web site.

Basso said the complaints have been good for business, "all they've done is
ensure there's going to be a gajillion of these all over the country."

The Heart Attack Grill opened a year ago with a Hooters-like formula of red meat
and sexy waitresses. Diners choose from among four cheeseburgers: the Single,
Double, Triple and Quadruple Bypass.

Five minutes

We posed the question: "If you had five minutes to evacuate your house, what
would you take?" Here are some of your answers:

"Simple! I would grab baby books, photo albums, family videos. Our home burned
when I was a small child and those were the things we missed the most and
couldn't recover."

Deann, Crescent

"I don't think I could even get my clothes on in five minutes, much less get out
of the house."

Frank, Oklahoma City

"I'd take my wig (I'm 25 & lost my hair due to illness), my wallet, and any
Christmas presents I bought for other people. I'd hate to not have anything to
give to my loved ones."

Amber, Norman

"Kick the kids out of the house with the cat, the dog would follow on her own,
our laptops, my backpack with school books, my purse and cell phone, my
grandmother and mother's jewelry, and my husband's turntables for his Ding."

Amanda, Shawnee

"I would take my medicine, my purse, family picture, my wedding ring, and my
husband in that order."

Janet, Garden Ridge

Family picture and my mother's wedding ring."

Kathie, Newalla

My family and my Bible."

Barry, Stratford

"I keep backup DVDs in the safe deposit box at the bank. The first thing I would
grab is my wife. She means more to me than anything else in our house."

Jim, Livingston

"My purse, my computers and my pets."

Brenda, Moore

"Military training comes into play here. The Army pounded into me that once an
emergency hits, it is too late to plan for it. I have a mobility bag packed with
everything I will need to survive in any situation ... that is all I need to
grab."

Chris, Midwest City

What would you do with $1 million?

Thursday morning, an Oklahoma City woman won $1 million in a radio contest.

She recently lost her job and her family was hurting financially. The prize
money answered her prayers and financial concerns but also ensured a great
Christmas.

She has no idea what she will do with the money, other than paying off her car
and taking a vacation. I would like to know what you would do with $1 million.
Send me an email at  afrost@oklahoman.com.

Augie Frost, Staff Writer

NewsOK poll

Results for the question:

Do you take vacation time during the holidays?

No 54%Yes 45%

Today's question:

Which projects should Oklahoma City fund?

o Road improvements

o New police headquarters

o Light rail system

o Municipal court building Vote at NewsOK.com (Not a scientific poll)

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Courtney Chapman, a waitress dressed as a nurse at the Heart
Attack Grill, holds up a triple bypass burger in Tempe, Ariz. The waitresses at
the restaurant, who wear minimal nurses attire, have angered a group of real
Arizona nurses who say the servers demean their profession. - ASSOCIATED PRESS
Graphic: (NewsOK poll chart)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              823 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           December 9, 2006 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Sizzling grill?

SECTION: NEWS; From the newsroom 2U: Highlights from The Oklahoman's blog; Pg.
2A

LENGTH: 582 words


The Heart Attack Grill -- a theme restaurant whose specialties include the
Quadruple Bypass Burger and Flatliner Fries, cooked in pure lard -- is making
health care professionals' blood pressure rise, and not because of the menu of
the Tempe, Ariz., eatery.

It is because of the waitresses' naughty nurse uniforms.

Several nurses have complained to the Arizona attorney general's office, and a
national nursing group has repeatedly asked Heart Attack Grill owner Jon Basso
to stop using the outfits.

The most serious complaint was made to the Arizona attorney general's office by
the state Board of Nursing. In September, the attorney general's office wrote
Basso a letter informing him that he is illegally using the word "nurse" at his
restaurant and on his Web site.

Basso said the complaints have been good for business, "all they've done is
ensure there's going to be a gajillion of these all over the country."

The Heart Attack Grill opened a year ago with a Hooters-like formula of red meat
and sexy waitresses. Diners choose from among four cheeseburgers: the Single,
Double, Triple and Quadruple Bypass.

Five minutes

We posed the question: "If you had five minutes to evacuate your house, what
would you take?" Here are some of your answers:

"Simple! I would grab baby books, photo albums, family videos. Our home burned
when I was a small child and those were the things we missed the most and
couldn't recover."

Deann, Crescent

"I don't think I could even get my clothes on in five minutes, much less get out
of the house."

Frank, Oklahoma City

"I'd take my wig (I'm 25 & lost my hair due to illness), my wallet, and any
Christmas presents I bought for other people. I'd hate to not have anything to
give to my loved ones."

Amber, Norman

"Kick the kids out of the house with the cat, the dog would follow on her own,
our laptops, my backpack with school books, my purse and cell phone, my
grandmother and mother's jewelry, and my husband's turntables for his Ding."

Amanda, Shawnee

"I would take my medicine, my purse, family picture, my wedding ring, and my
husband in that order."

Janet, Garden Ridge

Family picture and my mother's wedding ring."

Kathie, Newalla

My family and my Bible."

Barry, Stratford

"I keep backup DVDs in the safe deposit box at the bank. The first thing I would
grab is my wife. She means more to me than anything else in our house."

Jim, Livingston

"My purse, my computers and my pets."

Brenda, Moore

"Military training comes into play here. The Army pounded into me that once an
emergency hits, it is too late to plan for it. I have a mobility bag packed with
everything I will need to survive in any situation ... that is all I need to
grab."

Chris, Midwest City

What would you do with $1 million?

Thursday morning, an Oklahoma City woman won $1 million in a radio contest.

She recently lost her job and her family was hurting financially. The prize
money answered her prayers and financial concerns but also ensured a great
Christmas.

She has no idea what she will do with the money, other than paying off her car
and taking a vacation. I would like to know what you would do with $1 million.
Send me an email at  afrost@oklahoman.com.

Augie Frost, Staff Writer

NewsOK poll

Results for the question:

Do you take vacation time during the holidays?

No 54%Yes 45%

Today's question:

Which projects should Oklahoma City fund?

o Road improvements

o New police headquarters

o Light rail system

o Municipal court building Vote at NewsOK.com (Not a scientific poll)

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Courtney Chapman, a waitress dressed as a nurse at the Heart
Attack Grill, holds up a triple bypass burger in Tempe, Ariz. The waitresses at
the restaurant, who wear minimal nurses attire, have angered a group of real
Arizona nurses who say the servers demean their profession. - ASSOCIATED PRESS
Graphic: (NewsOK poll chart)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              824 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 21, 2005 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Northport's Dirty Burden

SECTION: Section 14LI; Column 1; Long Island Weekly Desk; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 534 words


In Northport's tidy downtown there is a little flower garden tucked into a
parking lot. The blossoms are so luscious, it is possible to ignore the ugly
metal sign that looms above them and defaces the tableau like a pimple on a
lover's nose: VOLUNTEERS CREATED THIS VISUAL DELIGHT. BREAKING -- REMOVING --
DEMEANS THEIR EFFORT.

This shrill nag's lament is a small-bore reminder that few things are so ugly or
unpleasant they can't be overlooked. Out on the edge of Northport is an example
far more monumental -- the dirtiest, nastiest power plant for hundreds of miles
around. To those who live, work, sleep, swim, sail and fish in their long
shadows, the towering stacks of the Long Island Power Authority's Northport
plant are a familiar fact of life, a geographic benchmark the way the Twin
Towers used to be.

But they are generally not, in the public imagination, seen as an eyesore or a
curse. A report from a coalition of New York environmental groups earlier in the
month, exposing the Northport plant as the second-most-polluting in all the
Northeast, did not send villagers to the barricades. They went on with their
lives, as if 5.2 million metric tons of carbon dioxide -- the plant's annual
output, second in the Northeast only to a decrepit plant in Massachusetts --
were nothing to get upset about .

It took United States Senator Charles E. Schumer to raise the alarm, in a news
conference at which he pressed KeySpan, which owns the Northport plant and two
others on Long Island, and LIPA, which buys KeySpan's power, to upgrade the
plant, which runs, dirtily and inefficiently, on oil and natural gas.

Mr. Schumer pointed out that investing in cleaner-burning technology would
reduce greenhouse gases, increase power output and lower utility bills -- a
''triple win'' for Long Islanders, he said. But LIPA officials said they had
higher priorities for now, including building a windmill farm off the South
Shore as a crucial step in the long march away from fossil fuels. A KeySpan
official, to his credit, seconded Mr. Schumer's point and said that moving
swiftly to overhaul the plant -- the senator wants a plan in place by the end of
the year -- was a sensible goal.

We hope KeySpan is serious. Alternative energy is an important long-range
priority, but global warming and the health risks from air pollution are
immediate threats. The authors of the power plant report said that the
prevalence of outdated, heavily polluting power plants in the Northeast
underscores the vital importance of the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative, a
nascent effort among nine Northeastern states to develop a cap-and-trade system
to limit global-warming pollution from power plants. Cleaning up the dirtiest
handful of aging plants would go a long way to achieving this goal.

KeySpan and LIPA have done a good job of keeping up with Long Island's rising
appetite for energy -- particularly during this long, hot summer. This
short-term success is matched by a long-term campaign to develop more power
cables and gas pipelines while promoting energy conservation and exploring forms
of renewable power, like windmills. That effort needs to be matched by an equal
commitment to cleaning the air.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              825 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 22, 1993, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Same old script? // Critics: Sexism still thrives in ads

BYLINE: Martha T. Moore

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 720 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


The Swedish Bikini Team has left the field, but the scrimmage it started
continues.

The television ads for Stroh's Old Milwaukee beer starring blond-wigged, busty,
bikini-clad women were billed as a parody of babe-filled beer ads. But they
didn't get any laughs from ad critics who say too much advertising demeans
women.

"The problem with bimbo parodies is that they're so hard to tell from the real
thing," said Barbara Lippert, a critic for industry journal Adweek, at a recent
discussion on sexism in advertising sponsored here by the One Club, an industry
group.

An exhibit of women in advertising at the One Club runs from Coca-Cola's smiling
"Yes Girl" of the 1940s to a recent ad for Bamboo Lingerie that shows nothing
but two door knockers side by side.

Attitudes in advertising still reflect the attitudes of the advertisers, for
good or ill, says Roz Greene of ad agency Altschiller Reitzfeld, which creates
ads for Liz Claiborne clothing. "You do what it's safe to do."

But sexism is as common in ads aimed at women - and there are many, since women
still make most household buying decisions - as it is in ads for men. The two
most prevalent themes are "sex and obsessive cleaning," Lippert says. "Are
reality and women's advertising mutually exclusive?"

Advertising will always reflect idealized images of women, says Greene. "Women
are supposed to look a certain way. When women decide they don't want that
anymore, (ads) will change."

One result brought about by changes in attitudes about women: more ads that make
jokes about men. "We could wallpaper this room with as many sexist images about
men," says panelist Donny Deutsch of ad agency Deutsch/Dworin - who nonetheless
doesn't mind such ads. "If that appeals to a group of people, that's wonderful."

In an American Floral Marketing Council ad, women see men as nothing but
purveyors of flowers. A recent ad for Bodyslimmers lingerie says, "While you
don't necessarily dress for men, it doesn't hurt, on occasion, to see one drool
like the pathetic dog that he is."

"I don't think people are offended by things done in good humor," says Gary
Goldsmith of Goldsmith/Jeffery, which created the Bodyslimmers campaign. He
cited a mid-1980s ad for the TV show Dynasty, which pictured the program's three
competing female characters under the headline "Bitch. Bitch. Bitch."

The ad drew fire unjustly, he says.  "There's a difference between ads that poke
fun at attitudes and ads that are mean-spirited."

Nike drew praise from panelists for its recent women's television ads, scenes of
athletic women with narration about self-esteem and strength. But Goldsmith
argued that it may one day be as dated as, say, a 1960s ad for the girls' game
Mystery Date. Nike's ad is "very pedantic and high on the horse and preachy," he
said.

Advertising, it seems, has the ability to turn the most progressive themes into
a cliche. "When empowerment has come to Elsie the Cow because she now has her
own store and wears pants," says Lippert, "you know it's in trouble."

Briefly: A new Dew ad will do double duty. A television spot now on the air for
Pepsi-Cola's Diet Mountain Dew will be shown in the United Kingdom and Italy as
an ad for Pepsi Max, a sugar-free cola being introduced overseas. Ad agency BBDO
didn't reshoot the ads, in which daredevil young men admit they've scaled Mount
Everest, but never tasted the soft drink. Instead, a process called rotoscoping,
frame-by-frame repainting of the film, was used to substitute blue and red Pepsi
Max cans and vending machines for the red, white and green Diet Mountain Dew
logo. "The lines worked perfectly for a new product launch - and there's no
Mountain Dew in Europe," says Pepsi spokesman Andrew Giangola. The Pepsi Max
version also has its own slogan: "Live life to the Max.". . . Warner-Lambert,
maker of home pregnancy test e.p.t., is still airing a television ad showing
California couple Helen and Nick Padovan tearfully learning their test came out
negative. But life changes even when advertising doesn't: the Padovans had a
daughter, Tatiana, Feb. 22. . . . Footaction shoe stores' first television ads
summon up summer jobs from hell. In one, a supermarket bag boy gives his
athletic shoes a workout trying to save a shiny black Mercedes from a runaway
shopping cart.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: EAR PHOTO, color; PHOTO, b/w

TYPE: Ad Notes

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              826 of 998 DOCUMENTS

             Metropolitan News Enterprise (Los Angeles, California)

                           August 29, 2002, Thursday

REMINISCING (Column) Recant, You Blackguard!

BYLINE:  By ROGER M. GRACE

SECTION: Pg. 18

LENGTH: 822 words


Our attorneys have instructed that we run the following letter.

Dear Editor, you impertinent knave:

By this missive I fulfill what is required by section 48a of that collection of
strictures and trite maxims which comprise the California Civil Code. I make
demand for retraction. Indeed, I instruct that there be contrite recantation,
lest you anger me further.

In a writing to which you rashly confessed authorship by means of a byline-which
was published on Aug. 8 in space that might instead have contained worthwhile
matter such as a sonnet-you alleged that "Willy the Wolf...[was] a character
which...took the form of a puppet on Time for Beany." You defame and demean me
by so alleging!

That I, William Shakespeare Wolf, would have appeared as a mere supporting
player in any production is preposterous. To go beyond that, however, as you
have done, and to convey that I played a role inferior to that of "Beany"
(addressed by his uncle, Capt. Huffenpuff, as "Beany Boy")-a mere adolescent,
and one with a penchant for sporting a beanie which, even in the 1950s, was
outdated and ludicrous garb-maligns me beyond canine endurance.

For your edification, I was the star of The Willy the Wolf Show. I, like Ed
Sullivan, hosted a weekly variety show, yet with more vitality and erudition
than my New York City counterpart.

I have traveled the seas on luxury liners, yet you would have the public
associate me with the "Leakin' Lena," an unfashionable tub commandeered by
Huffenpuff, a nautical Gabby Hayes.

You would have the unwary, those too young to remember me as the star that I
was, suppose that I was in the same cast as, and had no loftier stature in the
arts than, Beany's compatriot, Cecil the Seasick Sea Serpent. It is, indeed,
sharper than that serpent's tooth to read the calumny authored by you, a
thankless viewer. Before multitudes of admiring groundlings I hath spake the
words of the Immortal Bard tripingly on the tongue with a skill unparalleled by
any rival, man or wolf. Yet, you would have your readers believe that I was an
peer of a sea serpent who constantly sang "Raggmopp." ("I say R. I say R-A.
R-A-G. R-A-G-G. R-A-G-G-M-O-P-P, raggmopp, doodloo-do-do, raggmopp!")

Unless you do as I bid-proclaim to all mankind that you unconscionably sullied
my reputation-I shall take vengeance. The fate of the edifice housing your
offices could be the same as that of the abodes of two young swine who defied
me. I shall huff and puff and blow your place down! Or, should the construction
be of steel and concrete, rather than sticks or straw, I shall enlist the
services of a kinsman in sheep's clothing (or, perchance, a wool suit), and
brother Steve will again disperse his troops and seize possession of your
premises.

WILLIAM S. WOLF

RESPONSE: Alas, Willy is right. I apologize to him.

Willy the Wolf was not a character in Bob Clampett's puppet show, Time for
Beany.

Beany was on the air from 1950-55, for 15 minutes, five nights a week, live
(first on Channel 5, in later years on Channel 11). For awhile, he also had a
30-minute show on Saturdays. Following his success as a local personality (with
his show piped down to San Diego for airing on KFMB), he became a network star
of the 1960s, in cartoon form.

Indeed, I can identify with that show; the good guys' nemesis was the villian
"DJ"-in their case, the initials standing for "Dishonest John."

Willy, the Shakespearean canid, was also created by Clampett. His voice was
supplied by Walker Edmiston, who later recalled:

"William Shakespeare Wolf: he was a kind of a John Carridine, Hans Conreid, John
Barrimore type of character, always trying to mislead the poor harmless type of
creatures. And he always lost, somehow."

His weekly show was on Channel 11-which also aired Clampett's Thunderbolt the
Wondercolt and Buffalo Billy.

Thunderbolt (a horse with super-equine powers) had a 15-minute show each night
at 6. He shared the half-hour with reruns of Ramar of the Jungle. Since Ramar
was a 30-minute show, it meant chopping the episode in half, airing each half on
a successive evening. The first segment had the full opening; the next night,
there was an abbreviated opening.

Buffalo Billy was on in the early afternoon, following Sheriff John's Lunch
Brigade.

Now, just in case you thought the letter appearing above was really penned by
Willy the Wolf, I'd better let you know that it wasn't. I was sued once by the
Superior Court's presiding judge for "false personation" in conection with a
memo I authored which I parodically attributed to him. He lost. But, to play it
safe-even though I suspect the real Willy the Wolf does possess more of a sense
of humor and intelligence than the plaintiff in that action-I acknowledge that
the foregoing letter was not authored by a wolf.

Actually, it was written by a female coyote who is engaged in a meretricious
relationship with Willy.




LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2002 Metropolitan News Company


                              827 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                              May 6, 2014 Tuesday

their view;
Botched executions demean justice, nation

SECTION: IL OPINION; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 584 words


Oklahoma officials took a risky and arrogant gamble with the execution of an
inmate and failed in the most appalling way.

Repercussions from the botched execution last week of Clayton Lockett should
send clear messages to other states, in particular Missouri.

Cease with the secrecy. Respect the judicial process. Do not take chances that a
state-sponsored killing with untested drugs will proceed smoothly.

Lockett - condemned to death for shooting 19-year-old Stephanie Neiman with a
sawed-off shotgun, then ordering two accomplices to bury her alive in 1999 -
died apparently of a heart attack 43 minutes after being administered the first
of what was supposed to be three drugs, and less than half an hour after the
state's director of prisons called off the execution.

Lockett had been writhing on his gurney and was heard by witnesses to say, "Oh,
man." Following his death, Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin issued a stay of a second
planned execution.

As Missouri has done recently, Oklahoma relied on untested lethal drugs as it
planned for the executions. Both states worked hard to conceal the identity of
the supplier - although information emerged that Missouri for a time was using a
compounding pharmacy in Tulsa.

The weeks leading to the scheduled Oklahoma executions were marked by intense
conflict among politicians and the Oklahoma Supreme Court.

After judges ordered a delay in the two scheduled executions, in response to
concerns about secrecy surrounding the lethal drugs, Fallin declared the court
had no constitutional authority in the case and she intended to forge ahead. A
lawmaker drafted a resolution calling for the judges' impeachment.

Faced with the political opposition, the judges responsible for the stay
regrettably reversed course and said the execution could proceed.

Bullying and defiance of the judiciary are always dangerous, and never more so
than when questions of life and death are on the line. It happens too
frequently.

Missouri has flouted the judicial process three times since November by
executing inmates before their final appeals were exhausted.

Politicians resent attempts by inmates' attorneys to delay executions. But the
debacle last week in Oklahoma makes clear that lawsuits on behalf of condemned
prisoners have a point.

Lockett's attorneys pleaded unsuccessfully for a review of the execution drugs
and their supplier.

Now Fallin and others have no cover to respond to charges that they
irresponsibly violated Lockett's right not to be subjected to cruel or unusual
punishment.

Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon said Wednesday that the May 21 execution of condemned
killer Russell Bucklew would proceed on schedule. He should shelf the hubris.

More broadly, the U.S. Supreme Court must recognize the unconstitutional nature
of states concealing the contents and methods they'll use to kill.

Uniform standards for transparency and caution are necessary. States like
Oklahoma and Missouri obviously can't be trusted to do the right thing.

Recent problems with lethal injections arose after European nations, which
correctly oppose the death penalty, stopped supplying anesthesia drugs to be
used in executions.

That has left states casting about for deadly drugs, usually turning to
unregulated compounding pharmacies.

Executions, like the crimes that prompt the punishment, are an ugly business;
they do nothing to make society safer or better.

States should repeal their death penalty laws. If they won't, courts should at
least ban the secrecy.

- Kansas City Star

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              828 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                          November 20, 2013 Wednesday
                              Buffalo News Edition

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 1092 words


Cyrus' shenanigans demean little people

When Miley Cyrus appeared at the Europe Music Awards, people wondered what
inappropriate behavior she would engage in this time. During an award
acceptance, she lit up a joint. In focusing on that, people overlooked something
else that I find much worse.

In her opening number, Cyrus interacted primarily with a latex-clad dwarf (the
preferred term is "little person"), whom she treated more like a pet than a
person. She led the woman around by the hand like a child. The dehumanization of
a group of people based on a physical characteristic is disgusting. As a society
we don't tolerate ridicule based on skin color. So why tolerate mockery of
people with a genetic condition?

Being a little person isn't just about being short. There are many health
problems that go along with the condition, including spinal cord compression,
breathing problems, poor muscle tone, hydrocephalus, bowed legs and swayed
backs. Little people have been mocked and discriminated against for centuries,
relegated to circus freak shows and midget wrestling. Fortunately, it seems that
lately we have become more socially conscious. But someone with the visibility
of Cyrus can undo that forward momentum with her crass stupidity.

Perhaps the woman on stage wasn't being victimized per se. Perhaps she felt
empowered; perhaps she was well-paid; perhaps she's Cyrus' biggest fan and was
thrilled to be there. That's all beside the point. The inclusion of this
spectacle endorsed the depersonalization of little people. Cyrus' actions
support the notion that little people are akin to children, akin to pets that
need to be led around by the hand. Perhaps this individual wasn't victimized,
but the performance victimized little people in general. And no one even
noticed.

Erin Maynard

Buffalo

Let's strive to maintain character of Fruit Belt

These are exciting times in Buffalo. The growth and success of the burgeoning
Buffalo Niagara Medical Campus and groundbreaking for the University at
Buffalo's new medical school represent a catalyst for economic and community
revitalization that our city has lacked for decades.

As the campus grows, we should remain mindful that community development depends
not only on new bricks and mortar, but on how these places interact with those
who live, work and socialize in surrounding neighborhoods. The effects of
blight, population decline and poverty have created the potential for
gentrification in the nearby Fruit Belt. Understandably, longtime residents are
concerned. But the more negative effects of gentrification can be mitigated if
we address them now.

Gentrification here is not inevitable, but change is. Complacency will not fend
off a drastic neighborhood turnover. A neighborhood ripe with blight and few
economic alternatives is most vulnerable to gentrification. A dense, diverse
community is less so.

Given the various community assets at our disposal, there is little reason why
people and place couldn't coalesce around maintaining the central character of
the Fruit Belt. Land banking can revitalize homes, promote homeownership and
return blighted properties to the tax rolls. Begin to establish a mixed-use and
mixed-income community by combating the stigma associated with affordable
housing and providing residency for a diverse set of individuals, students and
workers, young and old, from different races and cultures. Offer incentives for
businesses to hire locally and take advantage of our several institutions of
higher learning to provide workforce education and training programs to prepare
people for the jobs being created at and near the medical campus.

It won't be easy. But I would like to see residents grow with the neighborhood,
rather than the neighborhood change without them.

Brian Sarama

Buffalo

Affordable Care Act is helping some of us

With all the bad news we've been hearing about the Affordable Care Act, I'd like
to share my very positive experience. When my husband's professional group
stopped offering health insurance plans, we knew we'd have to start shopping for
an individual policy. Our only option was the Health Care Exchange under the
Affordable Care Act.

After reading all the political hype and hysteria, I was pretty nervous. When we
went to the website, we did have a bit of a problem setting up an account and
filling in the application. But when I called the help number, I got a very
nice, helpful and knowledgeable woman on the other end. She explained all the
options and recommended the best plan for me and my husband.In the end, we
signed up for a policy that will cost us a fraction of what we were paying, with
better coverage. It was easy, painless and we're very happy with the result.

Shelly Kerker

Amherst

Say Yes statistics are a bit confusing

Kudos to the Say Yes Buffalo scholarship program for awarding $930,000 from its
fund to close the tuition gap for qualifying students. What I am having
difficulty in understanding is why it also takes credit for the $7 million
awarded to students from state and federal aid sources.

Say Yes is including in its statistics every student receiving financial awards
from any source, even though Say Yes is contributing none of its own scholarship
money toward the students' tuition.

The reality is that the vast majority of Buffalo's seniors would have received
the same financial aid assistance even if Say Yes did not exist. Our students
qualify for and receive large financial aid packages based on the level of
poverty in this city. The problem in increasing college enrollment has been and
continues to be preparing our students to qualify academically to the colleges
of their choice.

Say Yes' claim to have increased the number of financial aid applications by 65
percent is also an issue for me. I am a retired high school counselor with the
Buffalo schools. As counselors, we spent numerous hours in assisting seniors
with their college applications and financial aid forms. What we did not do was
encourage students who did not plan on attending college to fill out these
forms, and more significantly did not ask for a completed financial aid form
unless they also handed in a completed college application.

Where Say Yes can really contribute is the financial assistance that it can
provide to struggling middle-class students and families - hard-working families
that are often locked out of the financial aid process. Quoting statistics for
the numbers of families that it helps in that category would provide a more
accurate picture of the program's true success.

JoAnn Hess

Angola

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              829 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                              May 5, 2012 Saturday

Mary Holm: Take care judging those on welfare

SECTION: BUSINESS; General

LENGTH: 1661 words


Sweeping statements can demean all people who may not pay tax.

"Tax is not a burden, it is a cost of living in a civilised society." Wrong Ms
Socialist/Communist Mary, as our hard earnings went to non-contributors (doles,
Housing NZ stayers), which was misused by left-wing politicians for their votes.

The New Zealand system is hard for middle-class professionals. We raised two
children to have a good education and life, but Polynesian and Maori women gave
too many births to get handouts from our dollars.

When we were away from home for work to be able to pay for their doles from tax,
they and their children break our house.

Pardon me for asking, but have you got a long nose? If so, I assume you are a
liar, just like Pinocchio.

Unfair? Well how about you?

The word "prejudice" comes from the Latin praejudicium, which means previous
judgment, according to Merriam-Webster. Prejudiced people pre-judge others,
assuming that because they are a certain race, gender, or have a long nose, they
must have certain characteristics.

You"ve not only pre-judged Polynesian and Maori women and their children, you"ve
also pre-judged my politics. My lefty friends will be startled to see their
University of Chicago-educated mate labelled socialist/communist - even more so
when they see that you"re judging me by something a reader said last week, not
me!

But what you think of my politics doesn"t matter. Your other thinking does.

As Atticus Finch said in To Kill A Mockingbird, "You never really understand a
person until you consider things from his point of view - until you climb into
his skin and walk around in it." Or if you prefer Elvis, "Walk a mile in my
shoes".

Pension debate

A friend scoffed when I said NZ Superannuation was "generous". I was referring
to how it kept pensioners with little savings above the poverty line, and I knew
it scored top marks among OECD countries for this.

My friend"s view was that since it cost the State only 4.5 per cent of GDP,
against an OECD average of 7 per cent, it was pretty mean. He reckons when the
Boomers are in full receipt of it, at 8 per cent it will still be manageable on
the tax base. He does want the pension age to move to 67 and then keep step with
longevity change.

We are both pensioner economists and agree that our scheme is cheap to
administer and we like the fairness of it - everyone gets it regardless of work
history. But we also agree it needs to change with the times, like everything
else. Working lives, longevity and social conditions are so different from when
the current scheme was embedded over 35 years ago.

For us, current public debates about the Australian scheme and KiwiSaver and
Baby Boomers are shallow, as they are not informed by analysis and evaluations
of costs and benefits of alternatives.

Just as we set up the ACC after the Woodhouse Commission, let"s use the same
process to examine superannuation options. And not just superannuation -
pensioners are taking the lions" share of the exploding health budget and this
should be factored in. We need to adopt a "pension system", not one scheme,
which can flexibly serve the next 100 years.

I recommend Andrew Coleman"s clear exposition of pension options that outlines
the issues to consider, at www.tinyurl.com/colemanpensions

Meantime, I want my bank to call the fortnightly amount I receive "NZ
Superannuation". The statement says "Welfare". Our pension is not welfare. It is
universal, paid for by (almost) everybody, for everybody.

What do you know - two economists who actually agree on something!

I like the idea of Woodhouse II, on superannuation. Now there"s a retirement
project for you two.

Let IRD sort it out

Re your recent column on a KiwiSaver fund not liking to receive a lump sum, the
easiest approach is to pay the $1043 directly to IRD. They have a special tax
code for this. I do it every year.

In fact, it"s even easier because my bank"s internet banking system allows me to
pay tax, select the type of tax (that is, KiwiSaver) and it"s done. Let the IRD
sort out the payment to the fund.

For people who are not already set up to contribute directly to their KiwiSaver
provider, this probably is a good idea.

I did have a couple of concerns at first. The first was that Inland Revenue
might not necessarily know who a self-employed or non-employee"s KiwiSaver
provider was. But a spokesperson there has reassured me. "When a person enrols
directly with a provider a registration is forwarded from the provider to Inland
Revenue, and a link is set up between the member and the provider in our
systems. Inland Revenue is then able to pass any government contributions or
payments received on to the correct provider," she says.

My second concern was that it might take some time for the money to make it into
a KiwiSaver account. This might matter if you were close to the June 30 tax
credit cut-off date. But I was reassured again. "A payment is processed to the
provider at the date it is received by Inland Revenue," says the spokesperson.
"If a payment is received on June 30 it will process to the provider with an
effective date of June 30." I would still allow a few days, though.

Banks that accept payments to Inland Revenue include: ANZ, ASB, BankDirect, BNZ,
Kiwibank, National Bank, TSB Bank and Westpac. The account type to use for
voluntary KiwiSaver payments is KSS.

Transfer to wipe loan

As KiwiSaver funds continue to rise, many people with student loans will find
their KiwiSaver fund is at parity and then exceeds their student loan.

I think the Government should allow a simple one-time transfer from your
KiwiSaver account to IRD once you do reach parity to wipe your student loan in
one fell swoop!

Whether it is a sound financial decision remains debatable but many, including
me, would jump at the chance to clear their student loans for reasons, inter
alia:

&#149; It clears that debt and wipes it as a stress/concern from your life.

&#149; Retirement for many recent graduates is still 30 to 40 years away, making
repayment of the student loan a more pressing issue.

&#149; Take-home pay will substantially increase once you"ve removed the need to
make compulsory student loan repayments from your wages.

It would also boost the Government"s coffers. And it would cut down on admin.
What do you reckon?

First, the negatives. We don"t need more changes to KiwiSaver. Also, repaying a
student loan from KiwiSaver would not be financially optimal. As long as the
loan is interest-free, you are better off in the long haul repaying it slowly,
and meanwhile earning returns in KiwiSaver.

However, you make some good psychological counter-arguments that are arguably
just as important. And your idea would certainly help the Government"s Budget.

Repaying student loans

I have been reading with interest the parents that are repaying their children"s
student loans.

I understand the necessity of the student loan system, to provide education to
those who can"t afford it.

However, it seems it is becoming common practice for people who can afford it to
borrow the money interest-free, and then receive an early repayment discount -
for paying back money they didn"t need to borrow in the first place. Time to
bring back interest-bearing student loans, attach a cost to it, to bring back
some efficiency.

I"m with you. Charging interest would also help graduates better understand
debt.

But the change would have to be gradual and the interest rate low. And no
interest should be charged during full-time study.

To keep things fair, perhaps the Government could use the interest earned to
reduce tertiary fees, so the loans would be smaller.

This week the Government announced some minor changes, including raising
compulsory student loan repayments from 10 per cent to 12 per cent of income
over $19,084. Here"s hoping for bolder steps in future.

Tertiary fees of 50s

You asked about past tertiary fees. I started at the University of Auckland in
1959. The basis of fees on UE Bursary were: first year, half fees paid under the
bursary; second and third years, full fees paid for all "new" courses. Failed
courses, the student paid full fees.

I was a part-time accountancy student who commenced on 5 guineas a week
($10.50). The fees were quite high relative to the salaries earned. An extensive
Google search has failed to produce any firm details of the amounts, which
varied between faculties.

I basically paid my own way through university. My widowed mother paid my first
year half fees and I was then "on my own". I paid board from day one.

Sounds as if fees in the late-1950s and early-1960s were pretty well taken care
of - as long as you kept passing.

Fifth year fee bonus

In 1970 I enrolled at Canterbury University for a BA. The fees for that year
were a bit over $90 - I paid a bit over $9. The rebate was because I had
completed Higher School Leaving Certificate in my 6A year (that would be year 13
now).

It was a huge incentive to stay on for the fifth year of high school, and
complete the Bursary exams, even though University Entrance was gained in the
6th form. Nearly all students expecting to go to university did that fifth year.

Your $9 then is equivalent to $122 now. Cheap.

And from the 80s...

For some unknown reason I still have a piece of paper dating back to when my son
started university in 1988. This shows: University fees (Massey) $288; Students
Association $ 99; Health Service $16.50, which totals $403.50, less fees grant
(75 per cent) $216. So the total was $187.50.

Underneath is written: Study Grant $41 for 37 weeks; Accommodation $37.50; A
Bursary $200.

So main costs were covered that year. On top of that would have been things like
textbooks and stationery, entertainment, etc, and also travel with living in a
non-university town. Also at that time vacation work was easy to obtain and of
course males could earn more.

Okay, that"s got us covered for three periods. Thanks for the letters. I think
we can conclude that tertiary fees weren"t a great burden for most students for
quite a few decades.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              830 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           January 16, 2008 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Democrats' spat on race demeans history

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 469 words


For the Democratic Party, it should be cause for celebration that its leading
presidential candidates are the first African-American and first woman to have a
real shot at the White House.

Instead, for the better part of a week, Barack Obama, Hillary Clinton and their
surrogates have been embroiled in a mutually demeaning spat about race that
represents everything voters dislike about cheap, "gotcha" politics. That cooler
heads are starting to prevail -- as was evident from the candidates'
conciliatory comments  at Tuesday night's debate in Las Vegas -- suggests it's
dawning on all sides how destructive the fight has become.

Underlying the fracas is the heated competition for black support in South
Carolina's primary on Jan. 26. At one level, then, it's heartening that
African-American votes are so avidly sought in a place where they were once so
strenuously suppressed. But the racial appeals debase the process and history.

On the facts of the fray, Clinton has the higher ground. She and her husband
were rhetorically clumsy, but their words did not justify the attacks they
generated, particularly given their long, exemplary records on civil rights.

The uproar began when Hillary Clinton told Fox News last week that the Rev.
Martin Luther King Jr.'s dream of racial equality "began to be realized when
President Lyndon Johnson passed the Civil Rights Act of 1964. ... It took a
president to get it done."

There's nothing factually incorrect about that. Nonetheless, some people took it
as belittling King's accomplishments, and Obama fanned the flames by calling the
comment "ill advised" and "unfortunate." Rep. William Lacy Clay of Missouri, an
Obama supporter, accused Clinton of "trying to score cheap political points on
the back of Martin Luther King's legacy."

Bill Clinton, meanwhile, charged that Obama's claim to have been consistently
opposed to the Iraq war was a "fairy tale." Clinton's criticism was overheated,
but Obama's supporters and others quickly misrepresented it. Rep. James Clyburn,
D-S.C., officially neutral and one of the state's most influential black
politicians, said, "I don't know that you can describe the aspirations and
dreams of African-Americans and everything they have fought for as a 'fairy
tale.'"  Even by the standards of political rhetoric, that was a gross
distortion of what the former president said.

Not to be outdone for recklessness, Hillary Clinton's supporters inflamed the
debate. Rep. Charles Rangel, D-N.Y., called Obama's views on the King flap
"absolutely stupid,"  and Black Entertainment TV founder Robert Johnson appeared
to mock Obama's youthful drug use.

Time out, everybody.

Democratic voters, and the nation, deserve better. The candidates need to
enforce their truce, rein in supporters and disassociate themselves from
race-based attacks.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W (ILLUSTRATION)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: DEBATE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2008 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              831 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 El Paso Times

                           January 29, 2005 Saturday

LETTERS

SECTION: OPINION; Letters to the Editor; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 852 words


Memorial glut demeans El Paso

El Paso is beginning to look like a large cemetery with all the memorials being
put up by people who have lost loved ones.

I feel sorry for those people, but if you must put up flowers put them up at the
gravesite. That is why we have cemeteries and all-soul days.

MADD should do the same. There are other ways to remember people who have passed
away.

Xavier Garcia

East El Paso

Arroyo flooding

If you bought a home in a developed arroyo, would you check to see what
provisions the developer had made for flood control?

Would you buy flood insurance?

It is not a good idea for us to become so complacent about our good fortune to
live in an area with such superb weather. What if nature decided to change the
pattern?

I doubt those in other parts of the country had plans for what is happening to
them. We are not equipped to deal with it, either. Look what happened when we
recently had a heavy rain. The snow storm here, small compared to what others
have experienced, caused havoc.

And so, some day we will get a really heavy rain. What will happen when all that
water comes rushing from the Franklins down the arroyos and down the Rio Grande?

I guess we'll deal with it like all the rest of the country is dealing with it
-- the best we can. And those with homes in the arroyos will wish they had
bought some- place else.

Vesta Holcomb

West El Paso

Immigrant fund

Re: The Jan. 18 column by Ray Rodriguez about Mexican immigrants who die in the
United States wanting to be returned to the motherland to be laid to rest among
family and friends.

Rodriguez describes the great financial hardship Mexican families incur to ship
the body back to Mexico. He also writes on the ritual Mexicans solemnly observe
on death and rituals they take to assure the soul enters Heaven. A very
interesting and informed column.

The point I want to expand and elaborate is where Professor Rodriguez states the
Mexican government has established a fund to assist those totally bereft of
means. I think the Mexican government should also establish a fund to help
Thomason Hospital with costs in helping Mexican families who have no means to
pay for their services given. A fund to pay for medical services given to
Mexican nationals in the United States all along the Mexico-United States
border.

It could be just like the recent pamphlet in the form of a comic book the
Mexican government made available to their people, giving advice on how and
where to enter the United States illegally and safely.

Jesus Manuel Valenzuela

Anthony, N.M.

Bus driver great

I frequently see letters in the Times criticizing Sun Metro for its poor
service, and discourteous drivers, and, yes there are some drivers who could use
a course in manners, and some of the buses could be worked on a little more to
run better.

What I want to say, is that there are some really good drivers out there. I
refer to one in particular. His name is Ernie, and he drives the No. 11 route.

I have a heart condition and have to go Downtown frequently to see my doctors.
He is always courteous, cheerful and always lets me know when my stop is coming
up. He even knows a lot of the passengers by name and greets them when they
board the bus.

It's always a pleasure to ride the No. 11, It makes my trips Downtown really
nice.

Tony Harley

Northeast El Paso

Test drivers

The government is out to make me safer. Hah! They're going to demand more
identification to renew my driver's license just in case someone else decides to
try to hijack an airliner.

Big whoop. Teenagers have been getting good, fake, driver's licenses for years
to get a drink. After 9/11, I doubt hijackers would get to the cockpit door
before being mobbed by passengers no longer willing to be sheep to sociopathic,
murdering thugs.

If the government really wants to make me safer, the government should require
full retesting of all drivers every 10 to 12 years. Add questions about safe
driving distances/times, courtesy, and those little niceties that keep road rage
at bay to the written part.

Include a mandatory drive on the freeways/expressways/etc. so the inspector can
gauge the driver's ability to properly merge into traffic without coming to a
full stop at the top of the ramp, or getting into traffic at far too slow a
speed.

Flunk the drivers if they can't get on the freeway properly and make them take
driver's ed for the first time or for a refresher before retesting to renew
licenses.

Steve McBride

Northeast El Paso

Your views

The El Paso Times welcomes letters to the editor. Letters may be edited for
brevity and clarity. Limit letters to 200 words and allow 30 days between
letters. Provide full name, address and daytime phone number, which will not be
published but are needed for verification only. Letters to the editor, opinion
and editorial columns and articles submitted to the Times may be published or
distributed in print, electronic or other forms. Aceptamos cartas en espanol.

Mailing address: Letters to the editor, El Paso Times, P.O. Box 20, El Paso, TX
79999

Fax letters: 546-6343

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2005 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              832 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            January 25, 1998, Sunday

98 Rock demeans women

BYLINE: CARLOS FRIAS

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; NECESSARY ROUGHNESS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 744 words



I was scanning through the radio on my way to work one morning when I stopped
at hearing the prospect of Super Bowl tickets.

A bay area radio station, WXTB-FM 98 Rock, was advertising a contest to win
tickets for the Super Bowl in San Diego. What a prize, I thought. To see some
of the best of the best in the NFL pound it out for the title - killer. I
listened on.

Then I heard the complete prize: a trip to Super Bowl XXXII with the  Playboy
Playmate of the Year to show off as your date.

"What man would not want to go to the Super Bowl with the Playmate of the
Year?" said Brad Hardon, 98 Rock's station manager, in his cheeriest voice.

The real question is, what woman would? Forget the game - this woman,  Victoria
Sylvstedt, was as much a prize as a full outfit of Packers or Broncos  clothing.

Let me clue in the radio station on one startling fact: 43 percent of the  NFL's
fan base are women according to NFL spokesman Brian McCarthy and a  recent study
by the NFL and ESPN. On top of that, NFL teams hold day-long  clinics to involve
women who want to know more about the game. The NFL has  made it a priority to
involve women as an important and equal part of its fan  base, though it seems
98 Rock has overlooked the 20th century.

In one fell swoop, 98 Rock has managed to separate women from sports and
alienate nearly half of the NFL's fan base with one sexist contest.

"We know that 50-million women will watch the Super Bowl and they make up  a
huge part of the fan base," McCarthy said. "There's no question that  football
means a lot to females - it's part of the social fabric of America.

"Anytime a group tries to segregate a portion of the fans, it's not good  for
anyone."

The winner left for San Diego on Friday. I hear he took his wife to the  game.

Still, Hardon defends this as a harmless contest where no one gets hurt.

"It's not pornographic material. Sure there are other magazines out there  that
are," he said. "The human body is a beautiful thing. This is almost the  year
2000 and people have used it in art for thousands of year."

You are right, Brad. This is almost the 21st century. So why, in an age  when
women have come to the forefront in all areas of life, including sports,  do we
still have to see women objectify themselves for others' gratification?  And
more to the point, why do we keep sponsoring it as something great?

And if it's not pornographic, why does the government say you have to be 18  or
older before any store will sell it to you? Maybe Hardon's right - maybe  this
is art and there should be no distinction between Michelangelo's David  and
Playboy's  Victoria Sylvstedt.

"I'm not going to fight that fight," he said. "You can call Hugh Hefner  if you
want to get those quotes from him."

Click. He hangs up.

Maybe he should fight that fight. Maybe we all should. Maybe we should  fight it
with the thousands of people involved in women's sports around the  world. The
players of the WNBA and ABL, the U.S. women's soccer and hockey  teams, and the
parents of girls in every kind of sport in the Tampa Bay area  should fight that
fight.

Whether Hardon wants to believe it or not, this reflects badly on all women  and
makes an assumption of women on the basis of their gender. And whether
Sylvstedt has agreed to play the part of girl toy is irrelevant. The fact that
we spread this stereotype through an ignorant contest is an insult to women  and
undermines the strides women have made in the last hundred years.

Fact is fact: No one's forcing you to listen to the station and to enter  the
contest. And no one is forcing people to go out and buy these kinds of
magazines.

The radio station may claim that anyone could enter the contest, but really
they are targeting a male audience - shutting out women and proclaiming over
hundreds of miles that this is a man's game in a man's world. And that this
game, like the model next to the contest winner, is for the man's enjoyment.

Nike produced an entire campaign, based on scientific facts, about how a
woman's self-worth and self-esteem increases "if you let her play sports."  It's
the kind of thinking that fosters in young girls the knowledge that they  are
more than something pretty to look at. So to our friends at 98 Rock, how  about
lifting your knuckles off the ground and encouraging girls and women to  play
sports instead of being sport.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                              833 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            Lowell Sun (Lowell, MA)

                             October 7, 2005 Friday

Critics: State seal demeans Indians

BYLINE: ANNIE SHERMAN, Sun Statehouse Bureau

SECTION: TODAY'S HEADLINES

LENGTH: 489 words

DATELINE: BOSTON


The commonwealth's official seal might soon be changed if a handful of lawmakers
and American Indian advocates can persuade the Legislature to change over a
century of history.

Proponents for the change say the current seal, used since 1898, erroneously
portrays the American Indian as the aggressor against English settlers and wears
inaccurate clothing for Indians of that era. Still worse, they say, the
symbolism is ambiguous to residents.

The Committee on Tourism, Arts and Cultural Development heard testimony
Wednesday and will make a recommendation to the Legislature about creating a
commission to potentially revise the state seal and motto.

John Peters Jr., executive director of the Commission on Indian Affairs,
advocated the change, saying it's time history was accurately reflected.

"Yes, the sword over the Indian's head is part of history, and that [settlers]
subdued the Native Americans and took their land," he said, "but it is
demeaning."

The official seal of the commonwealth, used on all official state documents, as
well as state flags, is circular with the Latin words "Sigillum Reipublicae
Massachusettensis," meaning "Seal of the Republic of Massachusetts."

Inside the circle is a shield featuring an Indian dressed in a shirt and
moccasins, holding a bow in one hand and an arrow in the other. There is a star
over his right shoulder, symbolizing that Massachusetts was one of the original
13 colonies. An arm holding a sword is above the Indian, and below him is the
motto translated from Latin, "By the sword we seek peace, but peace only under
liberty."

Rep. Byron Rushing, D-Suffolk, who has led the effort to change the seal for two
decades, says it is anti-Indian, including placement of the sword over the
Indian's head, the inappropriate slogan and the inaccurate attire.

"The symbols of our state should get away from this heraldic tradition as though
we were some sort of kingdom," said Rushing. "We should have a symbol that
people at the very least can understand."

Not everyone on Beacon Hill agrees. Rep. Jeffrey Perry, R-Barnstable, argued
that there is no need to change the seal if it has been accepted by citizens and
the government for more than a century.

"In the name of political correctness, we have a tendency to rewrite history,"
he said. "They're trying to make all groups happy."

Perry suggested the symbol of the sword over the Indian's head might also depict
a strong commonwealth that is able to defend itself.

The first seal of the state was adopted in 1629 and it underwent changes until
the current seal was adopted by Gov. John Hancock in 1780. It was made official
in 1885.

The Tourism Commission is in early stages of discussing the seal change. The
Legislature must pass the bill to create the 13-member commission, and if the
Tourism Council makes a recommendation to do so, other legislation must be
approved to make any changes.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              834 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  January 12, 1992, SUNDAY, THREE STAR Edition

TRUE STORY: BUCS TURN TO MEDIA FOR CLUES

BYLINE: Gary Shelton St. Petersburg Times

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 8F

LENGTH: 667 words


Gee, Hugh, glad you asked.  In a move that strikes you as comical until it
settles in as just plain frightening, those wacky Tampa Bay Bucs asked for help
in selecting their new football coach.  They asked the media to vote.  So help
me it happened.  The Franchise Without a Clue actually sent forms to the media
last week, asking members to vote for whom they wanted as head coach. For the TV
guys, who need a few hints from time to time, the form was multiple choice.
Now, I don't mean to demean my own profession or anything, but doesn't it strike
you that there just might be better places to seek advice?  What a blast of
reality. Just when you became convinced the Bucs wasn't going to screw things up
again, they pulled off one of those ''You've Gotta Be Kidding'' items to remind
you they are indeed the Bucs.  You shudder to think what other professions might
have a vote in this search.  Up to this point, I had been fooled into believing
that team owner Hugh Culverhouse had changed his ways and intended, for once, to
worry more about collecting defeats than collecting receipts.  This is what
Culverhouse won with his full-fledged pursuit of Bill Parcells. I'm not saying I
didn't buy Parcells' story when he said there was no agreement, but if Parcells
were Pinocchio, it would take hi m two weeks to turn a corner. If Culverhouse
had decided to make that commitment, you thought, surely he would keep it. When
he said he was going to consider hiring Jerry Vainisi as general manager, you
thought maybe someone had turned the lights on for him.  Maybe he finally had
stopped listening to the wrong people.  Now, the Bucs seem as clueless as ever.
They have started feeling out the media, to see who will wash and who won't.
The same thing happened last year. Executives would talk to members of the media
and ask how a certain coach might go over. Soon, the question was ''What would
people think of Richard Williamson?'' Evidently, no one screamed in horror
loudly enough.  Now, there is a list that includes ex-NFL coaches Buddy Ryan,
Sam Wyche, Chuck Knox and Lindy Infante, college coaches Dennis Green
(Stanford), Bruce Snyder (Cal) and Dennis Erickson (Miami) and NFL assistants
Mike Holmgren (San Francisco) and Floyd Peters (Tampa Bay).  Oh, and there was
room for a write-in vote, in case anyone wants to try to wrest Ray Perkins from
Arkansas State.  Me? Well, since Hugh asked, I'd hire Ryan.  Okay, so Ryan is
going to shake up the front office as much as the players on the field. Well,
who in the front office shouldn't be shaken up? Has anyone in the front office
proven they should be comfortable?  If Ryan will deliver victories - and who
doesn't think he would? - then get him aboard. And admit you were wrong for not
hiring him a year ago.  The second choice shouldn't be a coach. It should be
Vainisi. Only Ryan of this bunch has the clout to pick his own players. If he
doesn't come, hire Vainisi and let him run things.  And if he still needs help,
here is my post-Ryan list.  2. Mike Holmgren. He molded Steve Young and Steve
Bono and he's thought of as the brightest young mind in the league. You put the
faces of Vainisi and Holmgren on a billboard, and advertise it as ''Under New
Management'' and it will sell.  3. Chuck Knox. Here's what Denver coach Dan
Reeves said of Knox: ''... his record is unbelievable. From the Rams, to
Buffalo, to Seattle, he put them all in the playoffs.'' 4. (For extra credit)
Sam Wyche. If you're afraid of Buddy's baggage, wait till you get a load of
Sam's. He knows his offense, but he is utterly incapable of passing a windmill
without stopping to joust. Whether it's women reporters, fans taking the results
too seriously or his own resignation (firing?), Wyche is a controversy-seeking
missile. Be wary.  Don't bother to thank me, Hugh. I know you appreciate it.
After all, I am knowledge, I have a press card.  Besides, I understand why
you're asking us. Even a one-eyed man can give directions to the blind.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              835 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                           September 14, 2012 Friday

Could Jays lose Farrell?

BYLINE: Richard Griffin Toronto Star

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S3

LENGTH: 414 words


Richard Griffin answers reader questions online, here's a sample:

Q: Maybe the Jays should let (John) Farrell go (to the Red Sox) and hire your
old buddy, Tito (Francona). That would certainly add an additional level of
spice to the division, wouldn't it?

Francona was a great manager, has played in Canada and is well liked up here, so
might be a good replacement. But if AA is genuinely committed to Farrell, then
he MUST extend him right after the season. It makes the Jays look like a Mickey
Mouse organization if their staff are always treated as the managerial
equivalent of training wheels for a so-called big league franchise like Boston.
It demeans the organization, the city and the fans, in my opinion. Thoughts?

Always love your column.

-Marshall, Toronto

A: If this Jays/Red Sox managerial decision with Farrell was being made in a
sporting vacuum, then there is no doubt that the Jays should consider any offer
in terms of player compensation from the Red Sox, find the best deal and move
forward. Face it, the loss of Farrell as manager would not be an indispensable
impediment to winning, whether his replacement is Terry Francona, Don Wakamatsu,
Torey Lovullo, Brian Butterfield, Sal Fasano or someone from outside. The
difference between what the new man would provide and what Farrell has provided
in two seasons would be negligible

Q: With the Mets apparently ending their affiliation with the Buffalo Bisons,
wouldn't it make perfect sense for the Jays to move their Triple-A team there
from Vegas? Why not move them to a beautiful ballpark an hour and a half away
and just over the border so we can go see them. I'm sure their attendance would
improve dramatically.

-Rick Fokken, Port Colborne

A: That's exactly the positive way the Jays feel about the differences between
being in Las Vegas and Buffalo and is a deal that many believe has already been
agreed to. There is a stumbling block in that there are a finite number of 30
affiliate franchises out there.

If the Mets leave Buffalo and the Jays leave Vegas and the Jays take Buffalo,
who will align with the Mets and then who is willing to move into Vegas? There
is a huge market in southern Ontario for the Jays' top prospects being nearby.
With all the money they save in airfare sending players up and down, they might
even be able to afford a top-tier free agent starter. OK, so that's an
exaggeration, but it will be a terrific step forward for the Jays if Buffalo
does align with the T-O organization in 2013.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2012 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              836 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 7, 1998, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Coach Was Out of Line

SECTION: Section A; Page 12; Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 136 words



To the Editor:

Ira Berkow's column (Sports pages, March 5) on an arbitrator's decision to
reinstate the contract of Latrell Sprewell, the basketball star who choked his
coach, tells only half the story. He writes that "in almost every workplace
imaginable, such an act of violence would mean immediate dismissal."

That's true. But it is also true that any boss who walks up and down the aisles
of an office or an assembly line screaming at his employees would be sent to
personnel immediately and would probably be relieved of his duties. This is in
no way an excuse for Sprewell's behavior. But the behavior of his coach, P. J.
Carlesimo, is also wrong; there is no place in sports for a coach who insults,
screams at and demeans his players.

STAN BERMANN
San Rafael, Calif., March 5, 1998

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              837 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              LNP (Lancaster, PA)

                             July 4, 2015 Saturday

With Love, We Can 'Reweave The Sinews Of Society' As One

BYLINE: Nazil Hardy

SECTION: A; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 816  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


I read David Brooks' column ("Making the next culture war about social
stability, not sex," July 1) with some wonder. Brooks' conclusion that those who
"subscribe to a faith built on selfless love ... can serve as examples of
commitment" because "they are equipped with a vocabulary to distinguish right
from wrong, what dignifies and what demeans" since "they already, but in
private, tithe to the poor and nurture the lonely," is true enough. But his
collective hypotheses, with their underlying mongering of fear and divisiveness,
are not cogent.

Brooks surmises that the aforementioned list of admirable social characteristics
are to be attributed to "social conservatives," and presumably, to "Christian
conservatives." That may be entirely true, but happily these characteristics of
faith, selfless love, nurture, and the ability to distinguish right from wrong,
are equally embraced by those who do not classify themselves as either socially
conservative or of any particular faith. In this case, "the more the merrier,"
is truly apropos.

Brooks also states that "American culture is shifting away from orthodox
Christian positions on homosexuality, premarital sex, contraception,
out-of-wedlock childbearing, divorce." I have lived in the United States of
America for over 20 years, 12 of them in New York. News flash, Mr. Brooks: That
"shift" has long since come. Additionally, social conservatives have not been
immune to the reality of premarital sex, contraception, out-of-wedlock
childbearing, or divorce. No one classification of society holds the turnkey to
the ideal society.

Brooks quotes Robert George, a Princeton professor who argues that in the face
of the recent marriage equality law, people "must reject and resist an egregious
act of judicial usurpation." I am humble enough not to undermine others'
heartfelt religious or theoretical views. The quote, though, spurred me to think
of another judicial usurpation, which in 1967 legalized interracial marriage.
Because of that judicial usurpation (egregious to some), my husband and I are
able to provide our own children with a legally strong, loving, stable,
foundation of the two-parent home that is purportedly the foundation of a
"wholesome" society. I would have applauded the Supreme Court in 1967, as I
applaud it now, in 2015.

This leads me to the pivotal point on family and marriage. Living in
Millersville, many of my family's cherished friends and neighbors are
Christians, presumably conservative Christians. I admire their core family
values, which mirror mine. None of these friends has showcased the insularity
and fear that Brooks supposes. They remain steadfast in their own tenets. We are
sure they have forgiven the Obama/Biden sign in our front yard. We are grateful
for the positive influence they may have on our children, and for their gracious
friendships.

And we are equally grateful for the positive influence that gay friends, in
their long, stable, monogamous, un-divorced relationships also may have on our
children. In the end, our children - "Mischief" and "Mayhem," ages 6 and 4 - are
individuals who will shape their lives based on the love, support, guidance
their parents give them - and also based on who they are in their own rights.

I pray to God, whose magnanimity is beyond my mere human comprehension of
greatness and omnipotence, for grace in keeping my family safe, healthy, loving
and united. And I pray our children will lead meaningful lives filled with
compassion, fulfillment, and wanderlust. My daily prayer is of the same vein as
those of most other parents I know - be they straight, conservative, Christian,
liberal, Muslim, Hindu, and whatever other categories we divide each other into.
The recent Supreme Court ruling on marriage equality has had no impact
whatsoever on my family, my daily prayers, my unconditional love for my husband
and our children. Except in one way: If each of our children ever wishes to
marry anyone, then both sets of marriage are guaranteed the same legal rights
that their parents enjoy. My hope is that their respective spouses are as loving
as their father, and that their children are as loved (and as notorious) as they
are.

Conservative Christianity will thrive and be respected because there are people
like our friends and neighbors who clearly live as examples of Christian values
such as selfless love, social stability and morality. Many of the rest of us
also aspire to those values. So on those shared principles, we can "help reweave
the sinews of society," together.

The current American culture is one in which love is trying to win. We can give
it a boost with our combined consciousness and build on the society that we all
dream of - one based on love, compassion, mutual respect for humanity and the
Earth.

Nazli W. Hardy, MBA, Ph.D., an associate professor of computer science at
Millersville University, lives in Millersville.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Nazil Hardy Special To Lnp

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 LNP Media Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              838 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 21, 2013 Saturday
                                Suburban Edition

Utah's same-sex marriage ban unconstitutional, judge rules

BYLINE: Niraj Chokshi

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 868 words


A federal judge on Friday ruled Utah's same-sex marriage ban unconstitutional
in a state dominated by the Mormon Church, one of the country's staunchest
opponents of gay marriage.

"The State's current laws deny its gay and lesbian citizens their fundamental
right to marry and, in so doing, demean the dignity of these same-sex couples
for no rational reason," Judge Robert J. Shelby, of the U.S. District Court for
the District of Utah, wrote in his opinion. "Accordingly, the court finds that
these laws are unconstitutional."

Utah's voters approved the ban on gay marriage in 2004.

The decision, if allowed to stand, would make Utah the 18th state where same-sex
marriages are legal and the second to allow them this week. Another southwestern
state, New Mexico, became the 17th on Thursday when its Supreme Court ruled a
ban there was unconstitutional as well.

In his ruling, Shelby wrote that Utah failed to prove that heterosexual
marriages would be affected by same-sex ones. "In the absence of such evidence,"
he wrote, "the State's unsupported fears and speculations are insufficient to
justify the State's refusal to dignify the family relationships of its gay and
lesbian citizens."

The Salt Lake County Clerk began issuing marriage licenses almost immediately
after the ruling.

"It couldn't be more exciting," said Jim Dabakis, the head of Utah's Democratic
Party, who married his partner of 27 years, Stephen Justesen, on Friday
afternoon, with Salt Lake City Mayor Ralph Becker officiating. Dozens of couples
lined up to get married at the county clerk's office after the ruling, Dabakis
said. "There's nothing but pure euphoria."

But there was a sense of urgency, he added. "You never know when they might pull
the rug out from under you."

That urgency was well founded. A spokesman for the Utah attorney general's
office, Ryan Bruckman, said that the state planned to appeal the ruling and ask
for a stay to stop the issuance of licenses, with lawyers rushing to file the
relevant documents Friday.

"We're trying to get it filed as soon as possible," he said. But logistical
issues could hold up the filing for a couple of days, he added. In a statement,
the office said the ruling that same-sex marriage is a fundamental right "has
never been established in any previous case in the 10th Circuit." If the stay is
granted, issuance of same-sex marriage licenses would stop, at least
temporarily, and the fight would be brought to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the
10th Circuit.

Proponents of same-sex marriages said they were prepared for a stay, but
remained optimistic. "We believe this momentous decision will ultimately stand
as the law in Utah," Peggy A. Tomsic of Magleby & Greenwood, the firm
representing the plaintiffs in the case, said in a statement issued after the
judge's ruling that also noted the expected appeal.

This has been a banner year for the movement, with 10 states progressing toward
same-sex marriage in some way, according to data maintained by the Human Rights
Campaign, an advocate for the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community.
Bans have been overturned or marriages have begun - or have been approved to
begin - in California, Delaware, Hawaii, Illinois, Maryland, Minnesota, New
Jersey, New Mexico, Rhode Island and, now, Utah.

Nationally, public opinion on the issue has flipped in the past decade. In 2003,
55 percent opposed gay marriage while 37 percent supported it, according to a
Washington Post-ABC News poll. Today, the sides have virtually switched, with 58
percent supporting it and 36 percent opposing, according to a  Washington
Post-ABC News poll in March.

But public opinion on the issue in Utah has been historically slower to turn.
Only 28 percent supported legalizing gay marriage in a February 2012 poll
conducted by the Center for the Study of Elections and Democracy, while a
similarly timed CBS/New York Times poll found 38 percent support nationally. The
Utah poll found that 43 percent preferred civil unions, while 24 percent said
the same nationally.

Utah's large Mormon population is particularly opposed to homosexuality, as
well. Nationally, nearly two in three Mormons in 2011 said society should
discourage homosexuality, while only about one in three people overall said so,
according to a Pew poll. Nearly three-fifths of Utah's residents are Mormon,
according to a 2007 Pew Religion & Public Life survey.

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints campaigned for the passage of
Proposition 8, a 2008 California ballot initiative limiting the definition of
marriage as between a man and a woman. It was even fined for failing to report
some of its non-monetary contributions in the final weeks of the campaign. While
the initiative passed, it was ultimately overturned.

Dabakis said the ruling is more about equal civil rights and should not be seen
as a threat to the sanctity of Mormon teachings.

"I'm just comfortable that we need to continue to explain to people that this is
for civil marriage," he said. "This has nothing to do with religious marriage.
This is no threat to religion. Religion is a different thing."

niraj.chokshi@washpost.com

Vince Bzdek, Peyton M. Craighill and Scott Clement contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              839 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           September 8, 2011 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Lawsuit: Fla.mandatory drug tests illegal ;
 ACLU says welfare requirement promotes 'ugly stereotypes.'

BYLINE: By JOHN KENNEDY Palm Beach Post Capital Bureau

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 409 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE


Florida's new law requiring mandatory drug testing of welfare recipients
promotes "ugly stereotypes" and should be overturned as unconstitutional, the
ACLU of Florida said Wednesday.

The ACLU filed a suit in Orlando on behalf of Luis Lebron, 35, of Orlando, a
Navy veteran and University of Central Florida student. Lebron and his
4-year-old son were declared eligible for benefits through the federal Temporary
Assistance for Needy Families, but Lebron refused to take the required drug test
and has not received aid.

"I served my country. I'm in school finishing my education and trying to take
care of my son," Lebron said. "It's insulting and degrading that people think
I'm using drugs just because I need a little help."

Critics of the law said that in addition to being unconstitutional, it demeans
Floridians in need of state assistance.

"It is a public policy that really rests on ugly stereotypes," said Howard
Simon, executive director of the Florida ACLU.

Although many private employers require drug-testing of prospective workers
before hiring, the ACLU maintains the Fourth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution
guards against unreasonable searches by the government. Some type of suspicion
or public need, such as safety, must be proven before tests can be required
without cause, the suit argues.

Florida's new law took effect July 1. Since then, according to the state's
Department of Children and Families, 2.5 percent of applicants tested positive
for drugs and were denied personal benefits, although family members still
qualify. DCF Secretary David Wilkins, an appointee of Gov. Rick Scott, was named
as defendant in the suit.

The only other state to implement a similar policy, Michigan, had its
drug-testing law overturned in 2003 by a federal court.

Scott showed no signs Wednesday of backing away from the testing of Temporary
Assistance recipients, which was approved this spring by the Republican-ruled
Legislature in a mostly party-line vote.

"We're confident we're on solid legal ground," said Lane Wright, a Scott
spokesman.

Rep. Jimmie Smith, R-Lecanto, who sponsored the legislation (CS/HB 353), said he
was offended by Simon's characterization of the measure being rooted in
stereotypes.

"I've never been somebody looking out for large businesses," said Smith, who
worked as a security guard before his election last fall. "But there's a lot
more blue collar people who support this bill than are against it."

~ john_kennedy@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              840 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                  April 6, 1995 Thursday MORNING FINAL EDITION

CRITICS LASH OUT AT D'AMATO'S ON-AIR RIDICULE OF JUDGE ITO

BYLINE: THOMAS FARRAGHER, Mercury News Washington Bureau

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 667 words

DATELINE: Washington


Sen. Alfonse D'Amato's insulting attempt at humor -- using a fake Japanese
accent to ridicule the O.J. Simpson trial judge -- provoked emotional
condemnation of him Wednesday as insensitive and a national disgrace.

"It just bothers me to have to listen to a stupid U.S. senator from New York,"
said Rep. Norman Mineta, D-San Jose, fighting back tears during a Capitol Hill
news conference. "I don't know what we as Japanese-Americans have to be able to
do to prove that we are Americans."

D'Amato, whose comments about Superior Court Judge Lance Ito were broadcast
Tuesday on the syndicated radio show hosted by Don Imus, issued a two-sentence
apology Wednesday. But word of his mea culpa came too late for Mineta and other
members of Congress, who ripped into the tough-talking Republican lawmaker with
a knack for making headlines.

Mineta, who in 1988 shepherded the passage of a reparations bill for fellow
Japanese-Americans interned during World War II, said: "For him to be mocking
any ethnic or national group, to me is just outrageous. And I, for one, am sick
and tired of people like Sen. D'Amato trying to demean others."

D'Amato's troubles began when he complained on the "Imus in the Morning"
broadcast that the Simpson trial in Los Angeles was dragging on too long.

Imus suggested to D'Amato, chairman of the Senate Banking Committee, that the
Simpson trial might well pre-empt the hearings D'Amato has promised into the
Whitewater land deal that has dogged President Clinton.

Employing a mock Japanese accent, D'Amato replied: "Judge Ito will never let it
end. Judge Ito loves the limelight. He is making a disgrace of the judicial
system, little Judge Ito."

D'Amato, resuming his normal tone of voice, then added: "For God's sakes, get
him in there, work 12 hours, get this thing over. . . . Judge Ito will keep us
from seeing television for next year."

A spokeswoman for Ito in Los Angeles said Ito, a Japanese-American whose parents
were placed in internment camps during World War II, would not comment
Wednesday, as he continued to preside over the double-murder trial that has made
him a household word.

For his part, D'Amato was limiting his public remarks on the matter to 26 words:
"If I offended anyone, I'm sorry. I was making fun of the pomposity of the judge
and the manner in which he's dragging the trial out."

The senator's comments were swiftly condemned by Asian-American organizations
and by lawmakers who represent them.

"I'm disappointed. I'm dismayed. There are really no words that I can find to
express my shock that such behavior should come from a United States senator,"
said Rep. Patsy Mink, D-Hawaii. "To read this mockery from the senator is
perhaps the most disappointing day of my life here in Washington, D.C."

Rep. Neil Abercrombie, D-Hawaii, said he represents more Asian/Pacific-
Americans than anyone in Congress and his voice broke as he lit into D'Amato,
whom he advised "to sit down and take some stock in himself."

"To think that a senator of the United States of America this day could resort
to that kind of invective -- and that's what it is about Judge Ito -- is almost
incomprehensible. I don't think that when Sen. Dan Inouye (of Hawaii) was
landing in Italy and lost his arm and almost his life to try to bring freedom to
the Italian people, who were under the dictatorship of Adolf Hitler and Benito
Mussolini, that he ever thought the day would come when an Italian-American
would be mocking a Japanese-American."

D'Amato, who recently made news with his surprise engagement to gossip columnist
Claudia Cowan, was perhaps saved from further damage during the Tuesday
broadcast when Imus cut him off.

"Senator, please let me, let me stop you before you wind up on the front page of
the Daily News again," Imus said.

Too late. D'Amato's clumsy remarks were Page 1 news in two New York tabloids:
"D'Amato mocks Ito," the Daily News' headline screamed, while New York Newsday
blared, "Even too much for Imus."

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos (2);
PHOTO: The two-sentence apology offered by D'Amato, left,
950406 FR 1A 2; color
PHOTO: did little to cool the ire of Mineta, right.
950406 FR 1A 3; color

                     Copyright 1995 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              841 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             May 17, 2012 Thursday

May 18 Readers' letters

BYLINE: From Mercury News readers

SECTION: LETTERS; News; Opinion

LENGTH: 613 words


Prop. 29 ad demeans good Lab Coat Guys

That Lab Coat Guy on TV who is asking us to vote no on Proposition 29 is giving
us other Lab Coat Guys a bad name.

Our LCG Code of Ethics prohibits any skewing of the data or the promulgation of
partially true or misleading information. He should turn in his pencil
immediately, and his clipboard should be confiscated.

Doug Ryan

Santa Clara

Bus plan will cut traffic along El Camino Real

Jim Sutton, in his letter opposing Bus Rapid Transit on El Camino Real (Letters,
May 17), seems to assume that because he personally doesn't ride on buses,
nobody else will. All experience shows that when mass transit becomes
competitive with car travel, ridership increases above the expectations of
transit agencies. It happened with Caltrain's Baby Bullet service, and it is
sure to happen with Bus Rapid Transit if population growth continues at the
present rate.

I am unlikely to use Bus Rapid Transit, but I support it. It will reduce the
number of people forced to drive on El Camino Real since they will now have a
viable alternative, and will help to convert it into something more beautiful
than the ugly sprawling mess it is now.

Eamonn Gormley

Sunnyvale

Not enough talk about private sector salaries

Before I begin, I must say that I'm neither for nor against pension reform. But
I do have to wonder where the populace drums up such support so quickly against
public employee pay. Yet the elephant in the room (executive
pay/disproportionate pay in the private sector) is never even brought up.

Whether in government or at a corporation, money is a finite resource and is
allocated accordingly. I don't see why people get more riled up about public
employee pay, yet no one is concerned with the much greater disparity seen in
the private sector. Oh wait, that's right, its at-will employment, markets set
the pay, yadda yadda yadda -- I think I'll take my Kool-Aid spiked, thank you.

Richard Martinez

Santa Clara

Developers likely led to cut in high-rise fees

Timing matters.

Just as the city of San Jose approves reducing fees for high-rise development
downtown, Richard Florida, the Atlantic magazine's urbanist writer, has penned a
piece about the overrated value of high rises as a spur to an active city
center.

In the article, a sentence reads, "What we need are new measures of density that
do not simply count how many people we can physically cram into a space but that
accounts for how well the space is utilized, the kinds of interactions it
facilitates. ... One block of an older neighborhood might include a community
theatre, a coffee shop, an art gallery, two restaurants, a bicycle shop, 10
music rehearsal studios, a church, 20 apartments and a couple of bars."

Interestingly, not so many years ago, city officials brought Florida here to San
Jose to describe what we could do to encourage development of a "creative city."
Now during a major economic downturn, the city forgoes the collection of
much-needed cash from developer fees.

I have a hunch that developers have worked hard behind the scenes to make the
case for this policy misstep.

Rita Norton

Los Gatos

Reynolds is full of compassion

Your comment about Leslie Reynolds being light on compassion (Editorial, May 8)
has been bothering me for more than a week because it is so unfair.

How can you call anyone with a serving spirit for the community, especially
eight years serving on the school board, as light on compassion?

Leslie has a long public record of being able to work with people from every
walk of life to move things forward in a positive way. We are very fortunate to
have such a compassionate candidate willing to serve the residents of District
10.

Richard DeSmet

San Jose

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              842 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                            April 13, 2011 Wednesday
                                  1ST Edition

SECTION: Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 1393 words


End the name-calling

A recent letter-writer tells us about "proven" educational reseach. He seems
unaware of what researchers and college and high school students learn: that
educational and most other social research "supports" this or that position but
generally "proves" nothing.

He also seems unaware that some positions contrary to his own are supported in
many reputable educational studies - national, state and local.

Additionally, he asks us to look at charter- and magnet-school success as if no
failure resides in these sometimes succeeding and sometimes failing
organizations.

The writer goes on to demean the John F. Kennedy Award recently given to one of
Wilmington's citizens for taking a courageous and unpopular political stand
against racsim. He accuses the citizen of "race baiting."

The letter itself demonstrates the reason for such awards as the John F. Kennedy
Profiles in Courage Award, given to public servants for courageous and unpopular
stands.

Just as important, it demonstrates a reason for Wilmington residents -
Republicans, Democrats, independents and others - to recognize constant
name-calling (not only on the AM radio dial) as petty and divisive and to speak
out against it.

Clyde Edgerton, Wilmington

The writer is an author and a professor in the creative writing program at UNCW.

Send council to chalkboard

"Illegal discussion?" Isn't that an oxymoron, considering our continual claim to
our constitutional rights of free speech and assembly?

Now the New Hanover County Board of Commissioners has met without a guest list,
behind closed doors. As well, it has failed to keep minutes - most egregious.
Who said what about whom and when did he or she say it? Moreover, was the
discussion conspiratorial?

What shall the punishment be? Perhaps the requirement that all write on the
chalkboard five hundred times, "We must always take minutes. We must always take
minutes. We must always ...

S. Clayton Callaway Jr., Wilmington

Too much drugs and alcohol

Until Wilmington raises its standards as being a go-to place to live out one's
life as a drug- and alcohol-addled mess and we tolerate this as normal, innocent
people will continue to die at the hands of selfish entitled wasted people on
their way to get more drugs and alcohol, or sneaking home ... on a back road
with no police presence.

Lisa Michele Haskins, Wilmington

Bumbalo a good physician

I was heartsick when I read of Dr. Thomas Bumbalo III and his personal problems
in the March 31 StarNews.

Dr. Bumbalo has been my pulmonologist for over seven years and has seen me
through quite a few very serious health issues. He has always been there for me
both at his office and the many times I have been hospitalized.

I do not believe I would still be here if it was not for his ability and care. I
once told him <0x000A>that seeing his face was as good as looking at one of my
sons. I have great confidence in <0x000A>his medical ability and will continue
to see him. ...

He is in my thoughts and prayers and I hope his problems can be ironed out. His
many patients need him.

Anne (Nancy) Kenny, Wilmington

Cuts hurt senior citizens

Isn't it amazing that our federal government, when trying to cut the budget,
doesn't have any problem cutting programs for the seniors, yet can find money
for their pet projects and foreign aid?

Well, it looks like we have the same attitude here in Brunswick County.

It seems Michael David-Wilson of the Brunswick Senior Resources has the same
approach. Even though he has the money he claims they didn't have, he still
insists on affecting Meals on Wheels, etc. The nutrition sites where the seniors
received hot meals will be cut, only opening three days a week instead of the
current five.

He is also planning to send seniors two extra meals rather than the normal
delivery, and I believe the state regulators are not in agreement. We all know
the major jump in gas prices but (the proposed senior services budget) reduces
the gas allowance for the volunteers by 62 percent.

You would think if there is a major need for cutbacks that David-Wilson would
take a cut in salary. No,  just take it out on the senior citizens.

Clint Rose Jr., Sunset Beach

Obama should call GOP's bluff

As a retired teacher, I am listening to all the current budget proposals.
Clearer and more astute heads are discussing compromises.

I have an idea sure to have been thought of by many. Call the Republicans'
bluff. Tell them that President Obama could compromise: Rescind the Bush tax
cuts. Then and only then, come up to the Republicans' ... cuts.

I am positive that this maneuver would receive the attention of the average
American voter.

The president caved once to Republican demands. Now it is time to call their
bluff.

Annemarie Fitzgerlad, Oak Island

More law enforcement needed

You can lower the speed limit on River Road. You can widen the road. You can't
stop drunk/drug-impaired drivers from speeding and killing people on River Road.

Instead of spending money on more studies, lets use that money for more law
enforcement to protect our roads and set up roadblocks for random alcohol/drug
testing.

It should be clear that Wilmington has a problem after being rated as the
10th-drunkest city in the U.S.

My heart goes out to the Doolittle family for their loss!

L.A. Whiteman, Wilmington

River Road too dangerous

The collision that claimed the lives of David and Trey Doolittle while they were
cycling in marked bike lanes on River Road reminds me of two important facts:

1. It is dangerous to bike on River Road. In fact, it is so dangerous, if I were
a bicyclist, I would never bike on River Road.

2. There are safer places to bike in New Hanover County. If I were a bicyclist,
1 place I would consider biking around is Greenfield Lake. In fact, there is a
five-mile walking/biking path around the entire lake.

... A safer place to bike is on the Cross-City Trail which is a 20-mile,
off-road, multi-use trail which will provide bicycle and pedestrian access to
numerous recreational, cultural and educational destinations in Wilmington.

If I wanted to do a short bike ride right now, I would drive to Halyburton Park
and ride the short trail several times or for a longer trek, go drive to
Greenfield Lake and ride its 5-mile trail several times.

I would never ride River Road.

Jean Jones, Wilmington

An empty slogan on DWI

What exactly does "Booze It and Lose It" mean? Perhaps the Governor's Highway
<0x000A>Safety Program should rewrite the slogan <0x000A>to "Booze It Several
Times and Maybe Lose It."

I continue to be disheartened by how accidents involve repeat DWI offenders. In
February, a drunk driver hit a home that backs up to the Pine Grove and Holly
Tree intersection. This was not the driver's first DWI.

A car driven by a drunk driver crashed into my Wilmington home in March 2009,
while the driver was awaiting trial for a previous DWI.

Why does it take tragedy (like the recent deaths of two bicyclists) to bring
light to this very serious situation?

I am thankful the safety of River Road will be under investigation following the
horrific accident last Sunday. However, I believe this issue requires more than
a traffic study.

Julie Collins, Wilmington

Safer roads needed

The recent tragedy on River Road and <0x000A>the loss of lives, David and Trey
Doolittle, prompted me  to write a letter that has been long overdue as to
safety concerns on our local roads.

I know there is no way to express adequately heartfelt feelings to the Doolittle
family and their loved ones, but know as a community we mourn with you.

Words could never convey what pain you must be feeling, but we do feel your
loss, we are praying for comfort and we do support and love you in our hearts.

As I read the article I thought how unfortunate that it takes a tragedy of this
magnitude to prompt our elected officials and powers that be into action, to
finally do something. ...

Living off Middle Sound Loop Road, I have cringed watching people who run, walk
and bicycle around this narrow winding road. We too have more traffic than this
small road with its desperate need of repair and narrow curves can tolerate and
how unsafe the conditions.

Our officials have been awakened again by this tragedy and (concerns) about
driving conditions along River Road.

Will they act in a responsible manner? For the past victims and for David and
Trey Doolittle? I hope so.

Don A. King, Wilmington

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2011 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              843 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Daily Telegraph (LONDON)

                          September 26, 2007 Wednesday

This tacky, exploitative show demeans us all This week a guest on 'The Jeremy
Kyle Show' was convicted of assault. Judith Woods explores its vicious world

BYLINE: Judith Woods

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 673 words


The first thing you notice about The Jeremy Kyle Show is its liberal use of
exclamation marks! These appear on every on-screen title, just in case we might
think these dysfunctional tales of human misery are sad and depressing and
private, as opposed to sensational and riveting and important!

Take yesterday's programme; no one would condone abuse of the elderly, but what
right-thinking person could resist tuning in to "I can't stop beating my

66-year-old gay husband''? Broken marriages and abandoned kids can be a downer,
but not if they're properly packaged as "Today I admit my affair''.

The ITV daytime show made dubious history this week when one of its guests, a
cuckolded husband (or rather, a cuckolded husband!), was convicted of assault,
after being provoked into attacking his wife's lover. Security guard David
Staniforth, 45, head-butted bus driver Larry Mahoney, 39, at the studios in
Manchester, leaving him with blood pouring from his nose, as his wife watched
and the cameras rolled.

Staniforth was fined pounds 300 but spared a custodial sentence because district
judge Alan Berg said the show amounted to a "a human form of bear-baiting under
the guise of entertainment''. Warming to his theme, the judge added that "the
people responsible for this, namely the producers, should be in the dock with
you, Mr Staniforth''.

Producers in the dock! What a marvellous idea for a show. But natural justice
must be put on hold, for while there are mothers sleeping with daughters'
boyfriends, cross-dressing husbands on the game and junkie grandparents
drunk-in-charge, trial by TV has a public duty to perform.

Like medieval stocks, but with better lighting, the damaged and the damned are
paraded, although given the way my heart was racing after just half an hour, I
can't imagine why anyone would want to endure The Jeremy Kyle Show more than
once.

In fact, it would be nice to think that the show's popularity would take a knock
after this. But I suspect that the 1.5 million-strong audience will climb,
thanks to watercooler prurience and car-crash fascination.

The original idea came, of course, from America, where Jerry Springer made
trailer-park confrontation a ratings winner. Here, Kyle - think Vlad the Impaler
with an NVQ in counselling - stirs in a unique mix of blokeish bullying and
banal therapy-speak.

Kyle is a natural showman and clearly an exponent of tough love - so tough, in
fact, that he takes sides, shouts at his guests, talks over them, calls them
names, and then orders them off stage. So why on earth would anyone want to
offer themselves up for humiliation? Unfortunately, it seems that people are so
desperate for attention that they feel validated merely by appearing on
television, even if they are shouted at.

Judge Berg had no doubt that the makers were at fault in promoting aggression
among the "guests'': "I have had the misfortune of viewing The Jeremy Kyle Show.
It is for no more and no less than titillating members of the public who have
nothing better to do with their mornings.''

There's no sign that the programme will be axed. But then reality TV thrives on
controversy. These shows use lie detectors, and DNA tests that reveal - live on
air - whether men are really the biological fathers of their sons. It's all
predicated on the simplistic fallacy that truth is always good, and must be
told. In front of as many people as possible.

What becomes of the participants after they are escorted off the premises,
dragging their dirty laundry behind them, is unclear. Canadian research has
shown a surprisingly high degree of satisfaction among those who go on such
shows. Certainly, there's no shortage of willing victims, and no secret too
mucky to expose.

But people, especially those going through turmoil, sometimes do need protecting
from themselves. Fights on set may be rare, but make no mistake: The Jeremy Kyle
Show, with its endless array of emotionally deficient, angry victims, is a
brutal, violent programme that turns viewers into voyeurs. Its very existence
diminishes us all.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Telegraph Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              844 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

             June 14, 2005 Tuesday Clearwater Times; North Pinellas
                           Times; Largo Times Edition

Women say rap videos demean, not define

BYLINE: RODNEY THRASH

SECTION: FLORIDIAN; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 1397 words


Only in a rap video can somebody swipe a credit card down a woman's thong-clad
backside.

Black women are tired. Tired, they say, of being portrayed as everything but a
woman.

"If there was a line," Cori Murray says, videos such as Nelly's 2003 Tip Drill,
with the card swipe, crossed it. "It's just really blatant. Just in your face."

After years of letting rap videos define them as skin-revealing sexpots, black
women have decided enough is enough.

From a historically black women's college in Atlanta to the nation's largest
black women's magazine, the generation that grew up listening to, dancing to and
loving rap is now challenging it. An intervention, Murray calls it.

At Atlanta's Spelman College last year, students protested Nelly's scheduled
appearance at a campus bone-marrow drive, prompting a nationwide dialogue on rap
and misogyny.

In April, a conference on feminism and hip-hop drew thousands to the University
of Chicago.

One of the most sweeping movements is Essence magazine's "Take Back the Music"
campaign. The initiative started in January as a yearlong effort, but now
editors say until they see more positive images of black women in rap, the
magazine will write monthly articles, hold town-hall meetings and urge readers
to participate in telephone, letter and e-mail campaigns to cable, radio and
record company executives.

"We do not believe in censorship," says Murray, the magazine's arts and
entertainment editor. "What we're asking for is different images, balance. There
are black women in different lights, different body types and just different
venues."

The mainstream, however, may not know it.

"There's not a countermessage," says Tarshia Stanley, who teaches a course on
images of women in the media at Spelman. "It would be fine if it were projected
as a small part, but it's projected as all that we do, everything that we are."

Unlike the Spelman protest, the Essence campaign does not take aim at specific
rappers. "For us," Murray says, "it is across the board."

If that's the case, why then did black women excuse the hypersexualized women in
rap songs and videos for so long?

Stanley has a theory.

"We're dealing with a generation who's been raised by this kind of music and
raised by this kind of imagery," she says. "They know something is wrong. They
maybe don't like it, but it takes a moment for them to get a critical
consciousness, for them to articulate what's wrong and why it may be detrimental
in our community."

Murray can testify to that.

"I was one of those people" who said, " "Oh, it's the beat. They're not really
talking about me,' " she says.

Even as a key player in Essence's campaign, she still has a hard time
criticizing  rap. "It's my music," she says. "I just want to see it grow in a
different way."

Another reason for the delay? Black women did not want to sell out their black
brothers - even if they sold them out.

"We didn't want to spank their hands, especially publicly," Murray says. "As a
community, we have this thing about airing our dirty laundry."

But as rap became racier and offered more of a one-dimensional view of black
women, "we realized we had to say something," Murray says. "Yes, it's going to
hurt. Yes, we're putting these guys on blast. But you know what, we gotta do it
because it's our lives. It's our souls.

"It's hurting us too much."

Murray has seen the impact the images have had on her niece, and the girl still
wears diapers.

Once, she says, the girl gyrated and cooed, "Dip it low, make your man say oh."

The way the toddler moved and sang, like the women in the Dip It Low video, left
Murray dumbfounded.

"She's 2," she says. "If she's doing this now, I can't imagine what kind of
songs are going to be out when she's 5 or 6."

A group of Atlanta's Emory University professors found rap videos had far
greater implications for the more than 500 black teenage girls it followed from
December 1996 to April 1999. According to the study, published in the March 2003
edition of the American Journal of Public Health, the girls who watched hours of
videos were morett likely to have had sex, drink and use drugs than those who
did not.

"Exposure to rap music videos, which is explicit about sex and violence and
rarely shows the potential long-term adverse effect of risky behaviors, may
influence adolescents by modeling these unhealthy practices," the study's
authors say.

It is not just the impact on black girls that worries black women. It is black
boys, especially those who "get raised by the television and by music," Stanley
says.

"Young men of color," she says, "get their idea of masculinity . . . from the
media."

"The videos are showing young men how to treat young women," Murray says.

For all the damage rap videos may have done, Serena Kim, features editor of
Vibe, a hip-hop magazine, says there is a flip side.

"Hip-hop in effect popularized female beauty and size," she says. "You don't
have to be a Barbie doll to be attractive. These videos show that women come in
more curvaceous sizes."

At a cost.

Most hours of the day, you can flip to MTV, Fuse and Black Entertainment
Television, and see men (fully clothed) with half-nude women in videos. BET, a
channel that has been criticized for showing too much skin, even has a program
devoted to adult-oriented rap videos.

Michael Lewellen, BET's senior vice president of corporate communications, says
any movement that generates dialogue and forces people to think about the
choices they make is a good thing.

But the Essence campaign, he says, "has given people a reason to point a finger
to the entire hip-hop industry," his employer included. "And that should not be
the case."

"The most nominated artist for the Grammy Awards in 2005 was Kanye West and his
lyrics aren't violent," Lewellen says. "We are talking about a small percentage
of the artists whose content has fueled Essence and other campaigns going on
right now."

Moreover, he says, the "thing that's important to note about any rap music video
is what you see and hear is nothing more than that individual artist's
(interpretation) of his or her world. It's not meant to be a blanket descriptor
of black culture. It's not meant to be indicative of the lives of all black
people."

Maybe so, but that is a naive assessment, Stanley says.

"It's not what you see one time," she says. "It's what you see 1,000 times. It
begins to make inroads into your thought processes. It becomes life for
(consumers) because they try to live out these things that they see and that
they hear."

Murray agrees.

"It's a copout," she says. "Just because they're not saying your name doesn't
mean they're not talking about you. They're talking about you collectively."

If people have such a problem with the music, stop buying it, Lewellen says.

"Let's remember the bottom-line factor: The industry responds to market
conditions," he says. "As long as consumers are willing to buy the CDs, go to
the concerts, listen to the songs of the more controversial artists, they will
continue to make the kind of product that they will make. If the market
conditions change, I guarantee you the the product will change.

"Do you really think Starbucks would charge $5 or $6 for a cup of coffee if
consumers didn't pay for it? It's a similar analogy when it comes to music."

According to Lewellen, BET UnCut, the show that broadcasts adult-oriented videos
at 3 a.m., has had double-digit viewership increases in the past two years.

"Someone is watching that show at 3 o'clock in the morning," he says.
"Otherwise, we wouldn't get the numbers that we get.

"If there's a movement to get the attention of these artists, you . . . do that
by not consuming their product and that's an individual choice."

Murray acknowledges that some of the very people who are now attacking the music
are fans of it.

"It's a conflict," she says. "But we also recognize that it's time to step up
and say no to it. We were a little late getting to this party, but we're here
now and believe us, we are gonna make some changes."

Rodney Thrash can be reached at (727) 893-8352 or rthrash@sptimes.com.

TAKE BACK THE MUSIC

Go to  http://www.essence.com/essence/themix/

takebackthemusic/index.html.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Associated Press; (2004) Shown on the campus of Atlanta's
Spelman College are Harold Hardee, co-producer of Nelly's Tip Drill video, Moya
Bailey, president of the Feminist Majority Leadership Alliance and Asha
Jennings, president of the Student Government; Association.

TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2005 Times Publishing Company


                              845 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                    January 8, 2003 Wednesday Final Edition

Hillbilly reality TV show demeans rural people: critics

SOURCE: The Associated Press

SECTION: News; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 206 words

DATELINE: WHITESBURG, Kentucky

WHITESBURG, Kentucky -- An Appalachian advocacy group placed ads in some of the
largest U.S. newspapers yesterday, criticizing a proposed reality TV series it
says is demeaning to rural people.

The CBS show takes the premise of '60s sitcom, The Beverly Hillbillies, and
places a poor Appalachian family in a Beverly Hills mansion.

The Center for Rural Strategies in Whitesburg placed quarter-page ads in the New
York Times, the Washington Post and the Cincinnati Enquirer.

"The brass at CBS clearly think it's safe to make fun of and commercialize
low-income rural folks," centre president Dee Davis said. "We intend to lessen
their comfort zone and make them rethink this premise."

The Real Beverly Hillbillies is to "follow the adventures of a large family when
they move out of their rural home and settle into a Beverly Hills mansion (and)
live in the lap of luxury," CBS said.

The show, which has not been cast, is planned for either a spring or summer
launch, said CBS spokesman Chris Ender.

The ad directs people to offer feedback on the campaign's Web site, at
www.ruralstrategies.org . Ms. Davis said Rural Strategies, a public advocacy
organization, plans to run another set of ads in the next week to 10 days.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: CBS plans a real-world remake of The Beverly Hillbillies, above.

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              846 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            November 30, 2001 Friday

Chrétien, Bush demean themselves as pitchmen

BYLINE: BARRIE McKENNA

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS COLUMN; THE VIEW FROM WASHINGTON; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 704 words


It's safe to say Jean Chrétien and George W. Bush won't ever be soul mates.

Their political styles couldn't be more dissimilar - Mr. Chrétien, the wily
backroom operative, and Mr. Bush, the Texas front man for the conservative
elite.

They look uneasy just standing shoulder to shoulder in public. The two leaders
have also sparred over key policies, including the war effort, the border and
tax cuts.

But this week, Mr. Chrétien and Mr. Bush find themselves sharing a new vocation
- pitchmen for the travel industry.

Mr. Chrétien is making a cameo appearance in a multimillion-dollar Canada Loves
New York ad campaign aimed at getting Canadian tourists to return to the scarred
city. "Canada, show your support," the Prime Minister intones in a TV spot that
features Canuck celebrities Wayne Gretzky, Dan Aykroyd and William Shatner.

The PM is also considering a surprise appearance at a night of Canadian
entertainment in Manhattan this Saturday - the highlight of a special Canada
weekend.

Back in Washington, Mr. Bush has also become Madison Avenue "talent." The former
oilman and baseball team owner is starring in a $20-million (U.S.) global ad
campaign for the Travel Industry Association of America, the lobby group for
airlines, hotels, restaurants and the rest of the $584-billion travel industry.

The overtly patriotic "return to travel" campaign uses clips from a recent Bush
speech, in which the President urges Americans to resume their normal lives in
the wake of the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks. His message is interspersed with
appeals from waiters, flight attendants and the like.

No one denies the travel business has taken a big financial hit from the
terrorist strikes. The U.S. industry expects to lose $43-billion this year,
forcing it to shed more than half a million workers. New York is also reeling as
the rescue effort saps its financial resources.

But what business do the two leaders have acting as pitchmen for an otherwise
lucrative industry?

Consider Mr. Bush's role. It's highly unusual for a U.S. president to endorse
any one industry in an ad that he does not control.

But there is a precedent. His own father, former president George Bush, made a
similar public service announcement during the Persian Gulf war.

The campaign gives the appearance, at least, of a political quid pro quo. What
might the travel industry - collectively or as individual companies - be willing
to do in return for the President's endorsement? Will Republican bagmen hit up
airlines and hotels for political donations in the months ahead?

What's more, the industry's terrorism-related losses are virtually
indistinguishable from the effects of an economic bubble that was poised to
burst anyway. During the record economic boom years, travellers have endured bad
airline service and dingy $450-a-night New York hotel rooms. Surely, that was
unsustainable.

Canadians might ask some tough questions of the PM, too.

It's admirable that Mr. Chrétien, still smarting from the criticism over his
slowness to visit Ground Zero, wants to help New Yorkers.

"They went through a traumatic period," Mr. Chrétien said of his role in the ad.
"We have to show our solidarity."

Mr. Bush, at least, can argue that his pitch aids the ailing U.S. economy. Mr.
Chrétien can make no such claim for Canada as he urges people to spend their
cash south of the border.

Canadians are free to travel wherever they want, but every dollar spent in the
United States is a dollar lost to the slumping Canadian economy, which is
already suffering from the slumping dollar.

There are countless Canadian destinations hurting from the global tourism slump.

They, too, could use the PM's help. Oddly, he has chosen to endorse New York.

More broadly, it's troubling that either leader would suggest people have a
patriotic duty to travel.

Fear isn't the only reason people have dramatically curbed their travel.

Ramped-up security has made travelling - flying in particular - an unpleasant
hassle.

Rather than face a travel nightmare, many are happily staying closer to home.

Mr. Chrétien and Mr. Bush should focus on making travel safe and practical
again. That's their job.

Industry boosterism isn't.
bmckenna@globeandmail.ca

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2001 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              847 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        June 12, 2001 Tuesday 2D EDITION

EDITORIAL Nipping a riot in the bud

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-08

LENGTH: 473 words


One of the rioters who helped demean the magnificent Stanley Cup  victory of the
Colorado Avalanche also gave a strange insight into  the mob mentality that
distinguishes such hooligans from true  sports fans.

The woman jumped up and down repeatedly on several cars and  told a Post
reporter: 'It's just a good time. I'm just out here  partying. Go Avs!'

The car-stomping buffoon then added that the crowd had been  trying to get her
to take off her shirt, but belched: 'I've got  too much class for that.'

On any civilized list of values, vandalizing automobiles is a  considerably
worse offense than exposing one's breasts. The thugs  who smashed windows and
tried to turn over cars, sometimes with  the occupants still in them, were lower
still. One man was injured  when thugs pushed him through a car window. At least
one store was  broken into by looters.

Vandalism, arson and looting aren't acts of celebration; they  are violent
crimes. The people who commit such offenses aren't  sports fans; they're violent
criminals - and deserve to be treated  as such.

There were, of course, millions of true fans celebrating  across the nation
Saturday - and again yesterday at a well-earned  victory parade for the Avs. The
fans spilling out of the Pepsi  Center, almost without exception, were jubilant
but responsible,  sharing their joy without trying to destroy somebody else's
car.  Fans who gathered at bars and private homes to watch the game on
television again overwhelmingly demonstrated that real class  consists in
celebration, not destruction.

On the whole, police and firefighters showed an admirable  mixture of restraint
and rapid response to the worst troublemakers  in LoDo. Police arrested 63
rioters between 10 p.m. and 2 a.m. and  hauled 54 celebrants to the city's detox
center.

Most of the arrests were for disturbance, destruction of  private property,
interference with a police officer, public  consumption of alcohol and throwing
bottles and rocks. If found  guilty, they could be sentenced to up to a year in
jail and a  $ 1,000 fine. While the courts will have to evaluate each defendant
  individually, we hope judges won't hesitate to mete out strong  punishment for
crimes that could have easily led to injury or  death for innocent people.

The arrests this year totaled more than three times the 20  arrests in the riot
that followed the Denver Broncos' second Super  Bowl win in 1999. The tactic of
grabbing the worst troublemakers  early also kept property damage well below the
$ 1 million toll in  1999, with a proportionate reduction in the risk of serious

  personal injury or death.

Denver police seem to be learning how to nip riots in the bud,  and we hope they
continue to perfect that craft.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                        Copyright 2001 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              848 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           January 19, 1999, Tuesday

DO YOU THINK 'THE PJS' DEMEANS AFRICAN-AMERICANS?

BYLINE: Interviews by Andre Martinez

SECTION: New York Now; Pg.  28

LENGTH: 155 words


Earl York, 29, dispatcher - Brooklyn: "I agree [with Spike Lee]. Eddie Murphy is
making a comedy about something that is not true. The projects are not that bad,
and the show is a waste of time. He is making us look bad."

Nicole D. Dixson, 22, assistant editor - Brooklyn: "It's not hateful but
stereotypical. If you grew up in the projects, that is what life was like. If
you are now a success, you can look back and laugh."

Erika Boney, 21, assistant editor - Brooklyn: "The show is not hateful. It is
very stereotypical and funny."

Angel Marcial, 31, stocker - Manhattan: "I think the fact that it is on is
demeaning."

William Gonzalez, 18, student - the Bronx: "No. If a black can make a comedy
about black people, then there is nothing wrong."

Kevin Tucker, 16, student - The Bronx: "Look at 'The Simpsons' and 'King of the
Hill.' How does that make white people look? Murphy is just making fun of life."

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1999 Daily News, L.P.


                              849 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              November 23, 1996, Saturday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

DON'T STAY MAD AT HIM; JUST SHOOT HIM INSTEAD

BYLINE: Patricia Corrigan

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 719 words

PATRICIA CORRIGAN COLUMN


WHEN JULIE ANDERSON told Dana Childs she wanted more and he confessed that he
wanted less, she took him out and shot him.

Wait - this is not a grim and depressing story like those that you see in other
sections of the newspaper. This is an upbeat, inspiring story about how a woman
healed her broken heart through art.

Julie, a fine-art photographer and costume designer, shot Dana with a camera for
her 1997 "Men Are Pigs" desk calendar. Dana, attired (sometimes barely) in
delightful costumes, illustrates such monthly themes as "Men Are Fools," "Men
Don't Listen," "Men Are From Another Planet," "Men Are Big Weenies" and "Men Are
Clueless."

"I do not wish to demean pigs or aliens, and no pigs or aliens were harmed in
the making of this calendar," said Julie.

(And I'd like to say that some of my best friends are men - you know who you are
- so there is no need for readers to make hostile anonymous phone calls or send
me anonymous hate mail.)

What Julie did wish to do was vent her humiliation and dismay after learning
that Dana would rather watch sports on television than spend time with her.

"I'm a pig," Dana, 36, told Julie, 50. "Pigs do this. They dump women. So make
me a curly tail, throw me in the mud and shoot me."

She did that, literally, but not before interviewing hundreds of other women of
all ages about their feelings regarding men. Those feelings, scribbled on
McDonald's napkins, matchbooks and old envelopes, led to the themes depicted in
the calendar.

Julie lives in Santa Fe, where she owns the Costume Salon, a source for
custom-made costumes made from materials that other people throw away.

"We make beautiful gowns from ripped prom dresses, crowns from broken trivets
and gorgeous Edwardian top hats out of shirt cardboard covered in velvet," Julie
said. "Everything we have is totally outrageous, all one-of-a-kind things that
you can't buy or rent anywhere else."

She does business with customers all over the country, supplying costumes for
movies, theater companies, party-goers and, of course, aficionados of Halloween.

Julie was born in Puunene, a small town on Maui. The family moved to California
when Julie was 2. She graduated from San Jose State in 1968 with a degree in
theater. Just out of college, Anderson joined a theater troupe and went on an
overseas USO tour in "Guys and Dolls," playing an extra in every scene. She
earned her teaching credentials, but began making a living as a fine-art
photographer.

For six years, Julie lived in Kirkwood, where she fashioned wearable art -
kimonos, hapi coats, capes and blouses - sold in galleries and stores around the
country. In 1987, she moved to Santa Fe, where she opened the Costume Salon four
years ago. Late last year, she fell for Dana, a broadcaster. When everything
that was right started to go wrong, Julie asked him to collaborate with her on
the calendar.

Dana agreed.

"I'm a pig, but she's a goddess," he said.

And so, in the middle of breaking up, Julie was able to do work that mattered to
her.

"I've learned that a relationship can be over in one way and continue in another
way, and that was very therapeutic," said Julie. "With this calendar, I managed
to express visually the conflicts we women have with men."

(If you want a calendar, send a check for $ 15 with your name and address to
Julie Anderson, 631 Old Santa Fe Trail #3, Santa Fe, N.M. 87501.)

Julie admits that she still cares for Dana, but she no longer cries into the
developer in her darkroom.

At this point, she considers herself a historian in the battle of the sexes.
Julie thinks now that if women judged men on men's terms, we might not find
their bad behavior so offensive or take it so personally.

Take sports, she says. Sports really mean something to many men, and those
endless games on television serve as a source of great nourishment for them.

"If you watch them watching sports, instead of trying to distract them,
sometimes you see an interesting person there in the recliner," Julie said.
"That revelation, along with the hard work I did on the calendar, kept me from
getting bitter or angry or frustrated after we broke up."

Indeed, she credits the "Men Are Pigs" calendar for keeping her sane.

"Art," she said, "really is one of the few things left worth doing."

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              850 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          September 24, 1991, Tuesday

Diverse voices speak up on textbooks; Fair shake is sought in choices for
schools

BYLINE: By Betsy White Staff writerbooks; schools; georgia

SECTION: STATE NEWS; SECTION C; PAGE 01

LENGTH: 311 words


The committee choosing history textbooks for Georgia pupils to use through 1998
heard pleas Monday from an African American, an American Indian, a woman's
history buff and a suburban mom - all of whom asked that they be given a fair
shake.

"I applaud you for looking for history books that are inclusive of those who
have been invisible in our history," said Mary Findlay, suggesting several women
she said ought to be included in any American history book the group adopts.

"Too many of these books are not dealing with the true history of what happened
in America," said Daud Hakim, owner of an Atlanta bookstore specializing in
African and African-American history, who lectured the group on the fallacies of
viewing Columbus as a hero who "discovered" America.

"We need to get away from the stereotypes that demean us," said Aaron Two Elk,
an Oglala Lakota Indian, who suggested supplemental readings about American
Indians.

"Parents have the most at stake over what is being taught in our schools," said
a Gwinnett County mother and self-employed businesswoman, Cheryl Camp, who urged
the panel to have longer, more highly publicized viewing periods for proposed
textbooks.

The 17 educators and six lay members of the committee welcomed their advice,
lamenting only the fact that so few residents appeared on the day appointed for
public response to the 203 textbooks under consideration.

The panel, which recommended all 26 textbooks it considered Monday afternoon,
faces four more days of deliberations on the textbooks, which Georgia pupils
will use from 1992 to 1998.

Individual school systems decide which of the books on the official state list
they wish to use. They also can select books other than those the state
approves, but they must buy them with local funds - a practical impossibility
for many school systems.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The last sentence did not appear in the final edition.

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                              851 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          September 24, 1991, Tuesday

Residents speak out on texts for pupils; Fair shake sought in book selections

BYLINE: By Betsy White Staff writerbooks; schools; georgia

SECTION: STATE NEWS; SECTION C; PAGE 02

LENGTH: 314 words


The committee choosing history textbooks for Georgia pupils to use through 1998
heard pleas Monday from an African American, an American Indian, a woman's
history buff and a suburban mom - all of whom asked that they be given a fair
shake.

"I applaud you for looking for history books that are inclusive of those who
have been invisible in our history," said Mary Findlay, suggesting several women
she said ought to be included in any American history book the group adopts.

"Too many of these books are not dealing with the true history of what happened
in America," said Dawud Hakim, owner of a Atlanta bookstore specializing in
African and African-American history, who lectured the group on the fallacies of
viewing Columbus as a hero who "discovered" America.

"We need to get away from the stereotypes that demean us," said Aaron Two Elk,
an Oglala Lakota Indian, who suggested supplemental readings about Native
Americans.

"Parents have the most at stake over what is being taught in our schools," said
a Gwinnett County mother and self-employed businesswoman, Cheryl Camp, who urged
the panel to have longer, more highly publicizing viewing periods for proposed
textbooks.; Advice welcomed

The 17 educators and six lay members of the committee welcomed their advice,
lamenting only the fact that so few residents appeared on the day appointed for
public response to the 203 textbooks under consideration.

The panel, which recommended all 26 textbooks it considered Monday afternoon,
faces four more days of deliberations on the textbooks, which Georgia pupils
will use from 1992 to 1998.

Individual school systems decide which of the books on the official state list
they wish to use. They also can select books other than those the state
approves, but they must buy them with local funds - a practical impossibility
for many school systems.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                              852 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 20, 1997, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

The Faces of Hedda Nussbaum

SECTION: Section 6; Page 12; Column 6; Magazine Desk

LENGTH: 171 words


It cheapens and demeans the plight of those who truly are victims of domestic
violence to compare Hedda Nussbaum to Patty Hearst, who was kidnapped and
terrorized by a fanatical group, or to Nicole Simpson, who was by all accounts a
loving and attentive mother. Nussbaum was a crack cocaine addict, and getting
the drug at all costs was the driving issue in her life. Her excuse that the
monstrous Joel Steinberg "demanded" that she smoke cocaine with him after he
beat little Lisa is typical. Addicts never accept responsibility for their
actions.

Despite the belief of Nussbaum's lawyer, Betty Levinson, that Nussbaum has
undergone a "healthy recovery," and is now qualified to speak to women's groups,
it is clear that she has yet to take responsibility for the things she did, and
did not do, in her children's lives. "She fantasizes about a reunion" with her
adopted son when he is grown. What possible excuse will she use to explain the
nightmare of his early years?

Joanne Patten
Downers Grove, Ill.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              853 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           September 20, 1992, Sunday

TV TALK Love him or hate him, Billy Ray Cyrus is hot

BYLINE: J.K.L., Detroitpersonalities; public; entertainment

SECTION: TWEEK; Section T; Page 54

LENGTH: 282 words


Q. Just who is the hot new country music star Billy Ray Cyrus?

A. Country music fans are divided over Mr. Cyrus, the 30-year-old whose "Achy
Breaky Heart" became the biggest Top 40 hit of any country song since Willie
Nelson and Julio Iglesias's "To All the Girls I've Loved Before" in 1984.

His "Some Gave All" album even leaped past Kris Kross and Def Leppard to No. 1
on the pop chart in only two weeks and became the fastest-rising LP since 1963.
Mr. Cyrus is a former car salesman who has driven himself to exhaustion and
split from his wife of five years during his obsessive path to stardom.

The multistep "Achy Breaky" has become a hot dance-party line routine. But not
everyone in Nashville is pleased; singer Travis Tritt declared that Mr. Cyrus's
Elvis-like gyrations demean the country tradition. "Enjoy your blessings while
you can," Mr. Cyrus counters, "because you never know when it can all be gone."

Q. When is the "Star Trek: The Next Generation" spinoff series supposed to
start?

A. Watch for "Deep Space Nine" in January. It will include crossovers by some
"Next Generation" stars. The lead character reportedly will be a single dad with
a 12-year-old son.

Q. What can you tell me about Montel Williams? I admire him.

A. Mr. Williams is 36, a former naval intelligence officer. He has been in the
talk-show business just a year. He has two children from a first marriage and
recently wed actress Grace Moerhle. His show, based in Los Angeles, will be
moving to New York so it can be telecast live.

Where to write

Send questions to TV Talk, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, P.O. Box 4689,
Atlanta, Ga. 30302. The volume of mail prohibits personal replies.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH922660216

GRAPHIC: Photo: Billy Ray Cyrus

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              854 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                            October 21, 2016 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Identity politics threaten free speech

BYLINE: Lawrie McFarlane, Times Colonist

SECTION: COMMENT; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 639 words


There is a growing demand that we should stop giving sports teams racially based
names. Some frequently quoted examples are the Washington Redskins, the Atlanta
Braves and the Chicago Blackhawks.

Interestingly, several native chiefs in the U.S. see no harm in the practice.
But let's face this issue head-on and see where it leads.

I presume the Vancouver Canucks are gone. Everyone knows "Canucks" is a term of
derision used to demean Canadians by our Yankee friends. And while we're at it,
the house that Babe Ruth built - Yankee Stadium - is also problematic. Many
southerners in the U.S. still consider "Yankee" a swear word.

Indeed for that matter, can we live with "Babe"? Clearly offensive to women
everywhere.

The Edmonton Eskimos would have to be renamed. Many of the indigenous peoples in
Canada's North take "Eskimo" as an insult.

The Saskatchewan Roughriders? Doesn't that call to mind Teddy Roosevelt's
thuggish Rough Riders charging up San Juan Hill and massacring an overmatched
Spanish army with Gatling guns?

Let's pass quickly over the Calgary Axemen and the McGill Redmen.

And what to say of the St. Eustache Patriots (imperialist jingoism), the Degagne
Buccaneers (poor role modelling), the Minot Top Guns (militaristic
chest-beating) the Durham Fury (ditto) and dozens more with names drawn from our
violent past.

Trust me, I could go on. For this is merely one facet of a broader struggle -
the emergence of identity politics.

The idea is that any group possessing a distinct ethnic culture has sole right
to the traditions developed within it - names, icons, music, dress, cuisine,
etc. Others who intrude on those traditions are guilty of cultural
misappropriation.

Two examples. A yoga teacher at the University of Ottawa offered free classes to
students with disabilities. For this act of kindness she was shamed on campus
because yoga is an Indian tradition and, being non-Indian, she had no right to
practise it. The course was eventually renamed "Mindful Stretching."

At Bowdoin College in the U.S., some students held a Mexican-themed party. After
they gave out miniature sombreros, the whole weight of the university
administration came thundering down on their heads.

An investigation tracked down the "culprits," who were kicked out of their dorm
and placed on "social probation." (To read a courageous piece on the
intellectual bankruptcy of this entire movement, Google
LionelShriverGuardian.com.)

A clarification is needed. No reasonable person would deny that human history is
filled with racial stereotyping, put-downs, debasements and worse.

There isn't an ethnic group or culture that hasn't been insulted and ridiculed,
nor is there one that hasn't done the same to others. What matters here is
intentionality - not what was said, but what was meant. The examples I've given
contain no intended slur whatsoever.

What we're witnessing is an attempt to disassemble the tapestry of human history
that a thousand cultures wove together, and award each ethnic group the
exclusive ownership of some small corner.

But you don't preserve a tradition by building a fence around it and treating it
like a piece of property. And you don't preserve the free movement of thoughts
and ideas by granting numberless claimant groups policing rights over our
planet's many cultures.

Police states take numerous forms. Some limit actions. Some prohibit beliefs.
Others impose stifling ideologies that tolerate no opposition. The version we're
dealing with here is more insidious, because it wraps itself in a cloak of
victimhood. And yes, there have been victims.

But the dream of free speech emerged from centuries of repression, by religious,
state and mercenary forces. It was realized at a cost that some have now
forgotten.

The suppression of this dream is no more tolerable now than it ever was, special
pleading notwithstanding.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Times Colonist
                              All Rights Reserved


                              855 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 26, 1992, Friday, Final Edition

LOIS ROMANO

SECTION: STYLE; PAGE D3; THE RELIABLE SOURCE

LENGTH: 955 words


Independent Judgment

Predictably, there are a lot of told-you-sos out there these days claiming they
(and only they) knew all along that the American people were ready for a
third-party alternative.

But only one guy can truly say it. And with authority.

"Both of America's political parties have been weighed on the scales and been
found wanting," proclaims John B. Anderson, the independent candidate for
president in 1980. And yes, he does feel validated by the thus far popular
success of Ross Perot.

We found Anderson retired from politics, but still in Washington as president of
the World Federalist Association. He's also been traveling on the lecture
circuit, and for the past six years has been a visiting professor at the Nova
University law school in Florida.

And he seems to like the fellow carrying on the independent cause: "Perot is a
man who senses that there are some deep-seated problems that will not be
addressed as long as we cling to an outmoded system."

He bristles when members of both parties "demean the American people by calling
him a fad. Perot is more than a Hula-Hoop. He represents something concrete --
that the system is not serving the country's needs."

But there is that little problem of Perot's elusive positions: "He is rather
lacking in specifics, and I wouldn't feel warranted endorsing him at this point.
I give him credit for being perceptive in his diagnosis, but I want to hear more
of his program."

Perot, however, does represent to Anderson "a vindication of my candidacy in
1980. That what I said about the two-party system was not arrant nonsense."


WE'VE HEARD THAT...

Self-styled impresario Joe Canzeri, who worked in the Reagan White House, ran
the Reagan and Bush inaugural galas, and then became persona non grata when he
bad-mouthed Dan Quayle, has joined the Ross Perot camp in Dallas as director of
scheduling and advance.

Fledgling actor John Riggins got quite a shocker last night during the curtain
call for Olney Theatre's "Illegal Motion." Sandra Day O'Connor -- the Supreme
Court justice to whom a very inebriated Riggins once loudly suggested, "Sandy
baby, loosen up" -- presented him with a dozen red roses.

Fawn Hall, who did her patriotic duty by stuffing Iran-contra documents down her
skirt for boss Oliver North, is engaged to Doors biographer Danny Sugerman.

Pop siren Madonna has dropped more than $ 4 million on a six-bedroom waterfront
house in Miami and is reportedly restoring the Spanish-style '20s manse to its
original look.

Nancy and Yves Graux, longtime coiffeurs to assorted Bushes, will indeed be at
Camp David tomorrow, Doro LeBlond's wedding day, to style the bride and mom
Barbara Bush. Sam and Ellie, Doro's little ones from her first marriage, will be
her attendants.

The National Symphony's Mstislav Rostropovich, 65, will undergo surgery soon to
remove a bone chip in his heel. Slava won't make it back to town from London in
time to conduct the NSO's annual July Fourth concert; Hugh Wolff of the St. Paul
Chamber Orchestra will stand in.

Former White House spokesman Larry Speakes, who suffered a heart attack last
month, is recovering at George Washington University Hospital after triple
coronary bypass surgery Tuesday.

George Bush is trying to solve the mystery of why his vice president didn't
recognize the correct spelling of potato last week. "Maybe he was thinking of
the Chaucer version of potato," he tells Barbara Walters tonight. We'd just love
to get Dave "Spud" Beckwith's response to this. But we didn't even try for fear
of another rejection.


WWRC'S Davis Suspended For Use of Racial Slur

Cantankerous radio talk host Mark Davis was suspended indefinitely from WWRC
yesterday for using a racial slur on the air Tuesday. In an announcement
broadcast all afternoon, Station Manager Alan Goodman assured listeners that
Davis wasn't a bigot but said he was being suspended without pay for "his lack
of good judgment."

Davis had referred to radio announcers as "the niggers of the media" on his
Tuesday show. This prompted an immediate protest from the local NAACP, but
little listener reaction, according to Goodman. "I've gotten more reaction
because I suspended him," the manager said yesterday. "We've gotten 50 calls --
most people saying we're overreacting."

While Davis had offered a version of an apology on the air Wednesday, the NAACP
said it was unacceptable. "I'm not interested in damaging Mark's career,"
Goodman said later. "He's done enough of that himself. I want to teach him a
lesson. I want the staff to know this kind of insensitivity won't be tolerated."

Goodman said the suspension will last "as long at it feels right." Davis was
unavailable for comment.


Dole's Bygone Nixon Barb

What a difference 18 years makes:

Former president Richard Nixon will be the guest speaker at a fund-raiser for
Kansas Sen. Robert Dole today in Wichita, where 500 people are expected to pay $
20 to hear Dick speak nicely about Bob, and sprinkle in some sage foreign
affairs talk. For $ 1,000 you get to eat lunch with Dick and Bob.

The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee -- you know, the group that would
rather see Democrats in the Senate -- thoughtfully brought to our attention
Dole's feelings about Nixon's campaigning for him back in '74.

When asked a few months before Nixon's Watergate resignation whether Dole would
like his party leader on the stump for his reelection in Kansas, the
tart-tongued senator replied that he "wouldn't mind if he flew over."

Responds a Dole spokesman: "What's the big deal? He's now an international
resource. ... Everyone from Mario Cuomo to Boris Yeltsin to Ross Perot is
seeking his counsel."

As we said: What a difference ...



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, 1980 INDEPENDENT CANDIDATE JOHN ANDERSON: FEELS VALIDATED, AP;
PHOTO; PHOTO, CRAIG HERNDON

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              856 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 29, 1984, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

WOMEN, POWER AND POLITICS

SECTION: Section 6; Page 58, Column 1; Magazine Desk

LENGTH: 111 words


It amazes me that Jane Perlez and leaders of organized women's groups would even
attempt to

look

 for the key to galvanizing 51 percent of the American population and then be
surprised at the conclusion that the ''group'' is not united by its womanhood.

Womanhood is an incredibly weak thread of unity to support any one particular
political issue or candidate. To expect to capture unified votes by putting
weight on womanhood rather than meaningful issues, causes and progressive
actions is to demean the intelligence of the American voter and to deny the
breadth of interests of more than half the populace.

ELISE FALKINBURG Brooklyn, N.Y.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: letter

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              857 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The West Australian (Perth)

                            January 15, 2008 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Democrat frontrunners feud over Iraq and race

BYLINE: WASHINGTON

SECTION: MAI; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 527  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Tensions are mounting between the two leading Democratic candidates for
president, as Hillary Clinton launched a newly aggressive attack on Barack
Obama, suggesting his much-vaunted opposition to the Iraq war was all talk and
little action.

Senator Clinton also tried to control the damage caused by her recent remark
that seemed to demean the Rev. Martin Luther King&rsquo;s role in the civil
rights movement, and she accused Senator Obama&rsquo;s campaign of fuelling the
racially charged controversy.

&ldquo;This is an unfortunate story line the Obama campaign has pushed very
successfully,&rdquo; the New York senator said on NBC&rsquo;s Meet the Press
program on Sunday.

Senator Obama dismissed her claims, saying she had descended into
&ldquo;political point-scoring&rdquo;. The byplay dominated a particularly
bitter day on the campaign trail, as both Democrats felt besieged by ungrounded
personal attacks.

Senator Obama on Sunday unveiled a proposal to stimulate the economy that would
be slightly more expensive than the $70 billion plan Senator Clinton proposed.
The Illinois senator&rsquo;s $75 billion proposal focuses more on providing
immediate tax relief to workers and retirees, while Senator Clinton&rsquo;s
would give priority to more Government spending on housing and energy
assistance.

The nasty personal sparring &mdash; especially on the sensitive issue of race
&mdash; signalled the intensity of the competition between the Democratic
front-runners for support in upcoming primaries, including the January 26
balloting in South Carolina, where blacks are a key constituency.

Senator Clinton&rsquo;s criticism of Senator Obama on Iraq revived focus on an
issue that has diminished in prominence on the campaign trail, overtaken by
concerns about the flagging economy. The issue has been neutralised in part
because senators Clinton and Obama now have virtually identical positions,
supporting a phased withdrawal of US troops.

But back in 2002, before Senator Obama was in the Senate, he was a vocal
opponent of going to war. Senator Clinton voted for the resolution authorising
the use of military force against Iraq &mdash; a vote that has given some
Democrats reason to back Senator Obama instead of her.

Senator Clinton reopened the debate on Iraq by arguing that Senator Obama failed
to follow up his early opposition to the war with meaningful action once he was
elected to the Senate. The argument reinforced her recent mantra about Senator
Obama: He may give good speeches, but is weak on concrete follow through.

Senator Obama has said he voted for war funding because he did not want troops
already in Iraq to suffer. He said that Senator Clinton was distorting his
record and taking quotes out of context to create ambiguity where there was
none.

He also said she was &ldquo;ludicrous&rdquo; to suggest his campaign had a role
in encouraging several prominent blacks, including some of Senator
Clinton&rsquo;s supporters, to criticise her comment last week that &ldquo;Dr
King&rsquo;s dream began to be realised when President Lyndon Johnson passed the
Civil Rights Act of 1964&ensp;.&ensp;.&ensp;. it took a president to get it
done.&rdquo;

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 West Australian NewsPapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              858 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              San Gabriel Valley Tribune (San Gabriel Valley, CA)

                             August 2, 2002 Friday

Sowing grass-roots reform

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 316 words


I recently watched a debate between two Pasadena newspaper editors about the
treatment of Pasadena's School Superintendent at the hands of the Pasadena's
City Council, and one member in particular.

The term "Uncle Tom' was bandied about and both men seemed to agree it was a
term used by one African American to demean another. And the fuss was over
Superintendent Percy Clark being called an "Uncle Tom' for wanting to attract
more middle-class whites to the Pasadena Unified School District.

The white editor was royally angry at this obvious racist attitude, saying that
it could in no way help the "banner cause' of integration. He, himself, had been
active in the work for "equal rights' ever since his school days!

Having come from a reasonably upscale background, the white editor has never
lived even near the shanty towns of the deep South. I'll bet he has never spent
time in the racially divided Burroughs of New York or "Little Havana' in Miami.

Integrate? How about the Valley neighborhood that "rose up as one' to demand the
firing of a school principal? Her crime? She sent a note home with the children
asking the parents to speak only English in the home to help the children's
comprehension in school. A reasonable request? Not by a jugful!

The point is, you cannot "facilitate' [order] the mixing of the races. We will
mix in our own sweet time, and it will be based on mutual admiration and
respect.

A piece of unwanted advice? Get rid of school "administrators;' they don't
teach! Hire the best teachers affordable and assign them by lot to all the
schools in the district. Make sure the curriculum is the same in all schools
[aimed at a high school graduate being able to pass a college entrance exam].
Rotate the teachers between schools yearly; that way each child will have had a
taste of the best the district has to offer.

Jack Williams

Monrovia

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

   Copyright 2002 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.


                              859 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                           January 30, 2016 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

Dwarf toss demeans Little People

BYLINE: Michelle Kraus, The Windsor Star

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 249 words

DATELINE: New York


Little People of Canada (LPC), Little People of Ontario (LPO) and Little People
of America (LPA) provide fellowship, support and information to people of short
stature, their families and friends.

These organizations are committed to stop dwarf tossing and to raise awareness
in order to prevent dwarf tossing events in the future. We know of two different
events happening in bordering communities, at the Leopard's Lounge in Windsor,
Ont., and at Toy Chest Bar in Detroit a week later.

Dwarf tossing is a disgusting spectacle that subjects people with dwarfism to
ridicule and harm. The individual who is tossed is like a shot put or a javelin
thrown in a track and field event, or a bowling ball rolled down a lane.

While dwarf tossing is an extreme risk to the individual, it also objectifies
the entire dwarf community. Dwarf tossing treats people of short stature as a
piece of equipment and encourages the general attitude that people with dwarfism
are objects. The threat of dwarf tossing extends to individual people unrelated
to the event. In 2012, a person of short stature in England was picked up and
thrown by a stranger. The attack was inspired by dwarf tossing. We ask that
local and national communities raise their voices in opposition to these events
as well as any events in the future that do not show people with dwarfism full
dignity and respect.

MICHELLE KRAUS

Director of Advocacy, Little People of America

New York !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Windsor Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              860 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             The Weekend Australian

                May 10, 2003 Saturday All-round Country Edition

Hyperpowered mates

SOURCE: MATP

BYLINE: Paul Kelly Editor-at-Large

SECTION: FEATURES-COLUMN- INQUIRER; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 1128 words


Yesterday concluded the most extensive talks I believe that have ever taken
place between an Australian prime minister and an American president.

John Howard at his May 4 media conference.

JOHN Howard's trip has been more than a lap of vindication -- it brought to a
zenith the redefinition of Australia's world role that will become, for better
or worse, his historical legacy.

After the Howards had been the guests of the Bushes at the US President's Texas
ranch, the Prime Minister made his pitch for history: "It is clear that the
relationship between our two countries is stronger now than it's ever been.
Plainly there is a shared philosophy between the President and myself regarding
many issues."

Howard said he did not want to demean the efforts of his predecessors. But his
claim was unqualified. At one leap he left behind John Curtin, Robert Menzies,
Harold Holt, Malcolm Fraser, Bob Hawke and Paul Keating -- all of whom also
claimed political muscle in Washington, DC.

Howard has bonded with George W. Bush in war. It is the closest personal
relationship between a prime minister and US president in our history. After
leaving the ranch, Howard said: "I enjoy his company. He's a highly intelligent
man who has knowledge of world affairs. His sensitivity to the responsibility
that America's pre-eminent position of power carries is evident." Indeed, Bush
was a "good mate".

Bush, in turn, declared the US would not forget Australia's support at a time of
need. The US President lauded Howard because "he is not only a man of steel --
he is a man of heart as well". Regard that -- all steel and heart. "I value the
advice of John Howard," he said. "I trust his judgment and I appreciate his
friendship."

Such love-ins are risky for Australia's leaders because Americans don't grasp
our compulsion for self-deprecation. Of course, it could have been worse.
Australia's pre-eminent diplomat Dick Woolcott says in his recent biography that
a prime minister in Washington faces "the risk of being captivated by the
occasion ... and suffering the delusion that Australia is more important to the
US than is really the case". Woolcott nominates Menzies as an obvious early
exception, noting his balance and dignity in the US.

The trouble with these trips is that the theatre obscures the point. Much of our
media thinks Howard's trip is just the latest act in an endless Australian
sycophancy before the US. So there's nothing new. But they could not be more
mistaken.

Howard saw Bush coming. He believed Bush would beat Al Gore at the 2000
election. He privately cheered for Bush's victory after being humiliated and
given short shrift in Bill Clinton's White House. Howard made an instinctive
judgment: that Bush was a man with whom he could do business, that he and Bush
were soul mates, and that they would forge a personal relationship. That bond
exceeds Howard's wildest hopes but it is what he set out to achieve.

Just before Bush came to power, the Howard cabinet launched its initiative for a
free trade agreement with the US. It was a historic decision to re-orient
Australia towards the US. The ANZUS Treaty, inaugurated in 1951, has been about
defence and security. The Howard Government sought to extend this special
relationship into trade and economics by reaching a new formal agreement. When
the initiative was launched, many Australians dismissed the idea as
unachievable.

These moves were calculated but the next phase arose from the terrorist attacks
on September11, 2001. Howard, in Washington at the time, had an emotional
reaction, deep and enduring. Howard and Bush came together: before Bush even
thought of asking, Howard pledged that Australia's forces would be with the US
in its retaliation. Howard kept his word, not just in Afghanistan but in the far
more contentious and difficult Iraq intervention.

THE upshot, as strategist analyst Paul Dibb said last week in a Melbourne
University paper -- Australia is the US's closest ally in the Asia-Pacific
region and "the second most important US ally in the world now after the UK".
Not Japan, not Canada, not South Korea, but Australia. We have never been in
this position before -- ever. It is a huge but careful assessment by Dibb. He
reminds us that during the 1990s, after the Cold War, there was "a sense of
drift" in our US ties for most of the decade. Now it is completely reversed.

Howard has used the new post-September 11 world to re-position Australia closer
to the US in defence and security policy. Every US ally has been forced into a
choice. Britain and Australia chose to commit and every other US friend went for
distance. Howard grasped the new mood in the US, Bush's resolve to fight and the
pivotal nature of this moment.

Howard's decision was driven by instinct, values and strategy. It represented a
repudiation of Australia's foreign policy establishment -- that retired group of
politicians (Liberal and Labor), diplomats and military leaders who saw
engagement with Asia as the basic paradigm of Australia's world role and opposed
the new shift towards the US.

This trip affirmed the deeper Australia-US strategic concord. It saw Bush commit
to an ambitious timetable for the FTA -- negotiations to be finalised by the
year's end with the package going to Congress for approval in early 2004.
Singapore is the only other nation in East Asia to have an FTA with the US. For
Australia, an FTA with the US is difficult since our economies are competing
rather than complementary and the problems on agriculture are difficult for both
sides.

But a deal is more likely than not. It means a closer trade, commercial and
investment framework between the two nations -- realisation of another Howard
aspiration.

Don't be fooled by Texan talk about hats and steel. This visit wasn't a joke. It
wasn't a repeat of Richard Nixon not knowing how to pronounce Billy McMahon's
name. The days when Clinton and Tony Blair patronised and dismissed Howard have
passed into history.

Howard operates from the conviction that the US is the 21st-century hyperpower
(using the French phrase). He believes the US will become more important in the
world and that Australia's ties with the US will become more vital. Just as the
ANZUS Treaty was negotiated on Menzies' watch, Howard aspires to its decisive
upgrading. He rejects the media chatter about a new "anglosphere" and knows that
no Australian foreign policy can succeed without a simultaneous engagement with
Asia.

The debate about Australia's redefined world role is just starting. There are
concerns, warnings and alarms about Howard's position raised by many critics
(including this writer). The harsh truth, however, is that the critics have yet
to show that Howard is wrong.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2003 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              861 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Sunday Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                           February 11, 2001, Sunday

Sorry, this is just sick

BYLINE: Terry Sweetman

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 59 words


ANY doubts that capital punishment demeans the society in which it occurs should
be put to rest by the news that more than 250 people want to watch the execution
of Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh (pictured).

I can understand the communal hatred of this right-wing nutter and cold-blooded
killer, but to want to watch him die is plain sick.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: SML

                   Copyright 2001 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              862 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Times

                              June 17, 2016 Friday

Yet another Trump statement

SECTION: Vol. 14 No. 169

LENGTH: 573  words


Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, is once again in
the limelight for his controversial and racist statements regarding Islam and
its adherents. In a recent statement, he vowed to ban Muslims from entering the
United States including immigrants. Furthermore, he also specifically aimed at
banning visitors and immigrants from Pakistan, Saudi Arabia and Somalia whose
individuals he believes have a history of carrying out terrorism in the West.
Such statements from Trump show sheer ignorance on part of the conservative lot
in the United States that seemingly fails to recognise the complex global
security environment.

Republicans and right-wingers in order to demean Islamic values and portray the
religion as a modern era bogeyman are apparently using the Orlando mass shooting
carried out by Omar Mateen, a US citizen of Afghan origin, as a political tool.
They ignored the fact that Mateen was a person with disturbing traits, had an
abusive nature of dealing with others and frequently visited the nightclub where
he carried out his murderous rampage. Just a few days ago, the late legendary
boxer Muhammad Ali's funeral brought people from all walks of life and religions
together under a single platform. This was indeed a historic event for the
United States as never before had Islam been as positively highlighted as much
as it was after Ali's death. The tragic incident in Orlando that targeted the
LGBT community has largely overshadowed the funeral's highlights. Trump and
other anti-Islam propagandists are blatantly misinterpreting the core principles
of Islam, and using the term radical to emphasise the so-called dangers
associated with adopting Islamic values.

The word radical has actually become trendy to use when it comes to ridiculing
the Muslim community around the world. Trump is cashing on this term to pursue
his political agenda and keep his voters away from the reality. While there have
been incidents in the past where a few members of the Muslim community carried
out acts of terrorism in the United States, the actual figure of such incidents
is only four percent. Mass shooters of white-origin, including Dylann Roof,
largely carried out the rest of the incidents. Moreover, the failure to
recognise shooters of white-origin as terrorists and terming them as emotionally
disturbed people is a matter of grave concern. On the contrary, shooters from
minority groups are immediately termed as terrorists or militants with the
entire religion or community demeaned on certain media groups such as the Fox
News.

President Barack Obama, the presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton and
Senator Bernie Sanders have rightly pointed out the stark and odd claims made by
Trump and his likes regarding Muslims. The ideas associated with the right wing
Republican Party remind the international community of the fascist and
dictatorial regimes of the former Soviet Union and the Third Reich. The United
States was founded as the land of immigrants and opportunities where people from
around the globe settled down for better economic prosperity. Trump's views are
dangerous for the free world to flourish and are against the US Bill of Rights
including the First Amendment. Hence, it is hoped that the voters shall choose
the best candidate for not only the interests of the US but the global community
too in an era where ridiculing an entire community has become a common norm.*

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Daily Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              863 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                              May 20, 2016 Friday
                                  Main Edition

DRAMA OVER SMALL COST DEMEANS ALL

BYLINE: Judith Martin and Jacobina Martin Universal Uclick

SECTION: C; Pg. 017

LENGTH: 310 words


MISS MANNERS

DEAR MISS MANNERS: Invited to dinner, on the way out the door I was called back
by a ringing telephone. The daughter of my host called to ask me to make a
detour on my way to pick up special cream cheese for an hors d'oeuvre she was
preparing.

I did as asked and delivered the cheese. When she didn't offer to reimburse me
for the purchase, I later presented her with the bill via email. This modern
Millie then took me to task, reminding me that I was receiving value in the meal
I partook of.

Was I wrong to expect reimbursement for the cheese? And what do you make of this
young woman's stance regarding what is to be expected of a guest?

GENTLE READER: Everyone is so out of line here, Miss Manners does not know where
to start.

That the daughter of the host asked you to run an errand for her was cheeky
(unless your relationship is like that of family, which Miss Manners is
inferring it is not), and that she did not reimburse you is thoughtless.

But presenting her with a bill is not the answer. You could have said (sweetly)
at the time, "It was lucky that I was still home when you called. The cream
cheese cost $( ). If you're busy now, I can get that from you later." Or you
could have let it go and resolved to be unavailable for future errand running.

But that this unpleasantness escalated into an argument over the relative value
of a dinner party and the host-to-guest monetary ratio is beyond all tenets of
polite society - and the very antitheses of graciousness. On that, Miss Manners
regrets to inform you that if you are in it for the money, you will find
yourself with a social life of diminishing returns.

Please send your questions to Miss Manners at her website, www.missmanners.com;
to her email, dearmissmanners@ gmail.com; or through postal mail to Miss
Manners, Universal Uclick, 1130 Walnut St., Kansas City, MO 64106.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              864 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                        May 13, 2016 Friday 9:56 AM GMT

Donald Trump supporters are not the bigots the left likes to demonise;
It is time to stop the hysterical moralising and try to understand why
mainstream US politics is so unappealing. For more on Trump and the US elections
watch John Harris's latest video

BYLINE: John Harris

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 1326 words


Last Tuesday, at about 3pm, I parked my rental car outside a polling station in
the suburbs of Indianapolis, and began to talk to the droves of people going in
and out. There was only one subject I really wanted to hear about: Donald Trump,
and his jaw-dropping progress to being the presumptive Republican nominee.

As he said himself, a win in the state of Indiana would seal the deal, and so it
proved : he got 53% of the vote, which triggered the exit of his two supposed
rivals. Meanwhile, the global liberal left seemed to be once again working
itself into a lather, which was easily translatable: how awful that a man
routinely described using all the boo-words progressives can muster -
misogynist, racist, fascist, xenophobe, or "xenophobic fascist", as George
Clooney understatedly put it - could now be a resident of the political
mainstream, and a serious contender for president.

Though calling him a fascist surely demeans the victims of the real thing, Trump
has some extremely grim views, and the idea of him in the White House has an
obviously terrifying quality. But for those who loathe him, a problem comes when
the nastier elements of his rhetoric are conflated with the supposed instincts
of millions of his supporters, and familiar stereotypes come into play. " Not
all Donald Trump supporters are racists, but most racists are Donald Trump
supporters," says the liberal online outlet Salon. "The unusual geographic
pattern of Trumpism ... corresponds to the geography of white racial resentment
in the United States," offers a contributor to the political website Vox. "They
vote for him because he is a racist bigot," reckoned one eloquent tweeter I
briefly corresponded with.

Related:  George Clooney: 'There's not going to be a President Donald Trump'

Caricatures of rednecks and white trash are obviously in the foreground here.
Worse still, such judgments are often arrived at through polling data,
guesswork, and a large measure of metropolitan prejudice: in keeping with one of
the most baffling failings of political journalism across the globe, too few
people think of speaking to the voters themselves.

So to Indiana, where, with my Guardian colleague John Domokos, I spent the best
part of five days following the Trump campaign. No one mentioned his assuredly
unpleasant ideas about excluding Muslims from the US, nor his absurd proposal to
build a wall between America and Mexico, at the latter country's expense.
Indeed, when I saw Trump speak at a rally in the Indiana town of Evansville, he
made no reference to what he has said about Muslims, and dealt with the fabled
wall in a matter of seconds.

Instead, he talked at length about two of his pet themes. First, he banged on
about the free trade deals that he says have blitzed US industry as companies
have moved abroad, luxuriated in newly low labour costs, and imported their
wares back into the country. Second, he fed that specific story into a general
sense of national decline.

All of this is very real. From the dreadful state of the roads to the palpable
sense of communities reeling from the military adventures that began in 2001,
time spent in the US quickly reveals a country that collectively feels it has
taken no end of wrong turns, and must somehow sort itself out. It is one of the
more overlooked stories of the 2016 election that Trump's views about this
malaise intersect with the insurgent campaign still being waged by that great
left hope, Bernie Sanders. There are, in other words, two anti-establishment
figures doing their thing on either side of the political divide, with great
success.

But in the case of Trump, his positioning fuses with his hyperactive,
barnstorming TV persona, and creates something with particularly populist
appeal. The presentation is pure political vaudeville, used in the service of
anti-politics: rambling (and often very funny) oratory, cartoon political
incorrectness, self-obsession so extreme that it comes out looking endearingly
self-parodic. But at the core are oomphy words about something built into his
audiences' daily reality: stores full of goods made overseas, and jobs that feel
increasingly under threat.

His proposed solution, his detractors say, is probably beyond the reach of a
president, and in the short term would presumably hit his supporters' wallets
like a hammer, but it's simple enough: if any company dares move overseas, he'll
whack their goods with such high tariffs that they'll soon come running back.

Time spent in the US quickly reveals a country that collectively feels it has
taken no end of wrong turns

At the polling station, all of the above was reflected in the reasons people
gave for supporting him. Just to make this clear: obviously, there are voters
with bigoted opinions who think he's their man. But equally, almost none of the
Trumpites I met seemed to be the gun-toting zealots of liberal demonology: they
explained voting for him in very matter-of-fact terms, usually with explicit
criticism of the current political class. "Jobs, outsourcing, bringing jobs back
to our country," offered one of his supporters. "We're getting aluminium from
China - we don't need aluminium from China. Hell, we make it right here," said
another. There was also much more nuance than you might expect. "I hate the way
he talks about women, but I love the way he handles things," one woman told me.

Indiana has one particular case study Trump talks about. In Indianapolis, a
company called Carrier recently announced the imminent closure of an
air-conditioning factory, with the loss of 1,400 jobs. Its operations will be
shifted to Mexico. In Indianapolis, average wages are over $20 an hour, but once
the move over the border is complete, pay will be more like $3. Talking to
workers, it seemed that they were split down the middle, with some - like the
local branch of their union, the United Steelworkers - supporting Sanders, while
others favoured Trump.

Again, the latter option was often framed in terms of difficult choices, and
some degree of hesitancy. A Carrier employee called Brad Stepp described his
fear of the future, and why Trump represents "the lesser of three evils". He was
well aware of the absurdities of a high-living billionaire claiming to have the
back of American workers, not least in the context of Trump's recent(ish) claim
that people in the US are paid too much. But he had made his choice. "We need
somebody that's tough," he said. "If he can't stop Carrier going, maybe he can
stop other companies doing the same thing." In the midst of all this, one
character sits in a very uneasy position. Unsettled by their popularity, Hillary
Clinton has been trying to echo some of Trump's and Sanders' pronouncements on
trade and jobs. "I won't support any agreement unless it helps create good jobs
and higher wages for American workers," she says, offering to be the president
for "the struggling, the striving and the successful". Her enemies, by contrast,
malign her as someone who enthusiastically supported the trade deal to end all
trade deals: the North American Free Trade Agreement of 1994, which the Carrier
workers put at the centre of their predicament. In fact, politics being
politics, the details of her record matter less than broad-brush appearances.
And here, the story for her adversaries is a cinch. The establishment has
failed; she is a card-carrying member of that establishment; ergo, she has
failed too.

Herein lies a vulnerability that should chill the liberal left to the bone. Five
days after I got back from Indiana, polls suggested that the presumed contest
between Clinton and Trump will be much closer than some people imagine. For
those who yell at him and his supporters from the sidelines, that news ought to
give pause for thought: before it's too late, maybe it's time to stop
hysterically moralising and instead try to understand not just how mainstream US
politics has so awfully failed, but how it might somehow be rescued.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              865 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                        May 13, 2016 Friday 7:00 AM GMT

Donald Trump supporters are not the bigots the left likes to demonise;
It is time to stop the hysterical moralising and try to understand why
mainstream US politics is so unappealing

BYLINE: John Harris

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 1326 words


Last Tuesday, at about 3pm, I parked my rental car outside a polling station in
the suburbs of Indianapolis, and began to talk to the droves of people going in
and out. There was only one subject I really wanted to hear about: Donald Trump,
and his jaw-dropping progress to being the presumptive Republican nominee.

As he said himself, a win in the state of Indiana would seal the deal, and so it
proved : he got 53% of the vote, which triggered the exit of his two supposed
rivals. Meanwhile, the global liberal left seemed to be once again working
itself into a lather, which was easily translatable: how awful that a man
routinely described using all the boo-words progressives can muster -
misogynist, racist, fascist, xenophobe, or "xenophobic fascist", as George
Clooney understatedly put it - could now be a resident of the political
mainstream, and a serious contender for president.

Though calling him a fascist surely demeans the victims of the real thing, Trump
has some extremely grim views, and the idea of him in the White House has an
obviously terrifying quality. But for those who loathe him, a problem comes when
the nastier elements of his rhetoric are conflated with the supposed instincts
of millions of his supporters, and familiar stereotypes come into play. " Not
all Donald Trump supporters are racists, but most racists are Donald Trump
supporters," says the liberal online outlet Salon. "The unusual geographic
pattern of Trumpism ... corresponds to the geography of white racial resentment
in the United States," offers a contributor to the political website Vox. "They
vote for him because he is a racist bigot," reckoned one eloquent tweeter I
briefly corresponded with.

Related:  George Clooney: 'There's not going to be a President Donald Trump'

Caricatures of rednecks and white trash are obviously in the foreground here.
Worse still, such judgments are often arrived at through polling data,
guesswork, and a large measure of metropolitan prejudice: in keeping with one of
the most baffling failings of political journalism across the globe, too few
people think of speaking to the voters themselves.

So to Indiana, where, with my Guardian colleague John Domokos, I spent the best
part of five days following the Trump campaign. No one mentioned his assuredly
unpleasant ideas about excluding Muslims from the US, nor his absurd proposal to
build a wall between America and Mexico, at the latter country's expense.
Indeed, when I saw Trump speak at a rally in the Indiana town of Evansville, he
made no reference to what he has said about Muslims, and dealt with the fabled
wall in a matter of seconds.

Instead, he talked at length about two of his pet themes. First, he banged on
about the free trade deals that he says have blitzed US industry as companies
have moved abroad, luxuriated in newly low labour costs, and imported their
wares back into the country. Second, he fed that specific story into a general
sense of national decline.

All of this is very real. From the dreadful state of the roads to the palpable
sense of communities reeling from the military adventures that began in 2001,
time spent in the US quickly reveals a country that collectively feels it has
taken no end of wrong turns, and must somehow sort itself out. It is one of the
more overlooked stories of the 2016 election that Trump's views about this
malaise intersect with the insurgent campaign still being waged by that great
left hope, Bernie Sanders. There are, in other words, two anti-establishment
figures doing their thing on either side of the political divide, with great
success.

But in the case of Trump, his positioning fuses with his hyperactive,
barnstorming TV persona, and creates something with particularly populist
appeal. The presentation is pure political vaudeville, used in the service of
anti-politics: rambling (and often very funny) oratory, cartoon political
incorrectness, self-obsession so extreme that it comes out looking endearingly
self-parodic. But at the core are oomphy words about something built into his
audiences' daily reality: stores full of goods made overseas, and jobs that feel
increasingly under threat.

His proposed solution, his detractors say, is probably beyond the reach of a
president, and in the short term would presumably hit his supporters' wallets
like a hammer, but it's simple enough: if any company dares move overseas, he'll
whack their goods with such high tariffs that they'll soon come running back.

Time spent in the US quickly reveals a country that collectively feels it has
taken no end of wrong turns

At the polling station, all of the above was reflected in the reasons people
gave for supporting him. Just to make this clear: obviously, there are voters
with bigoted opinions who think he's their man. But equally, almost none of the
Trumpites I met seemed to be the gun-toting zealots of liberal demonology: they
explained voting for him in very matter-of-fact terms, usually with explicit
criticism of the current political class. "Jobs, outsourcing, bringing jobs back
to our country," offered one of his supporters. "We're getting aluminium from
China - we don't need aluminium from China. Hell, we make it right here," said
another. There was also much more nuance than you might expect. "I hate the way
he talks about women, but I love the way he handles things," one woman told me.

Indiana has one particular case study Trump talks about. In Indianapolis, a
company called Carrier recently announced the imminent closure of an
air-conditioning factory, with the loss of 1,400 jobs. Its operations will be
shifted to Mexico. In Indianapolis, average wages are over $20 an hour, but once
the move over the border is complete, pay will be more like $3. Talking to
workers, it seemed that they were split down the middle, with some - like the
local branch of their union, the United Steelworkers - supporting Sanders, while
others favoured Trump.

Again, the latter option was often framed in terms of difficult choices, and
some degree of hesitancy. A Carrier employee called Brad Stepp described his
fear of the future, and why Trump represents "the lesser of three evils". He was
well aware of the absurdities of a high-living billionaire claiming to have the
back of American workers, not least in the context of Trump's recent(ish) claim
that people in the US are paid too much. But he had made his choice. "We need
somebody that's tough," he said. "If he can't stop Carrier going, maybe he can
stop other companies doing the same thing." In the midst of all this, one
character sits in a very uneasy position. Unsettled by their popularity, Hillary
Clinton has been trying to echo some of Trump's and Sanders' pronouncements on
trade and jobs. "I won't support any agreement unless it helps create good jobs
and higher wages for American workers," she says, offering to be the president
for "the struggling, the striving and the successful". Her enemies, by contrast,
malign her as someone who enthusiastically supported the trade deal to end all
trade deals: the North American Free Trade Agreement of 1994, which the Carrier
workers put at the centre of their predicament. In fact, politics being
politics, the details of her record matter less than broad-brush appearances.
And here, the story for her adversaries is a cinch. The establishment has
failed; she is a card-carrying member of that establishment; ergo, she has
failed too.

Herein lies a vulnerability that should chill the liberal left to the bone. Five
days after I got back from Indiana, polls suggested that the presumed contest
between Clinton and Trump will be much closer than some people imagine. For
those who yell at him and his supporters from the sidelines, that news ought to
give pause for thought: before it's too late, maybe it's time to stop
hysterically moralising and instead try to understand not just how mainstream US
politics has so awfully failed, but how it might somehow be rescued.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              866 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 8, 2014 Saturday

Kirby: Property tax rate, Aikens,well-wishes and farewells

BYLINE: Bill Kirby Jr., The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 548 words


Feb. 08--Still learning, and lately I've learned:

Harold Medlock will be telling Mayor Nat Robertson and elected municipal leaders
today at the Fayetteville City Council annual retreat that he'll be needing a
lot more additional crimefighters to combat the ever-present criminal element in
this community, and the police chief's number will be his way of saying it loud
and clear for what many of us know ... this city has had enough of this
senseless behavior, and so has the chief.

"We don't do this to scare you, as much to show you where we are in working
through this," Ted Vorhees says about Friday's revelation at the City Council
retreat that our municipality has a relatively low property tax rate that hasn't
spiked in more than a decade ... so why, Mr. City Manager, am I a bit scared?

For Rep. Renee Ellmers to demean and ridicule former "American Idol" runner-up
Clay Aiken because he is challenging the congresswoman for our state's District
2 seat isn't acceptable, because Aiken has as much right to run for public
office as Ellmers did against then incumbent Bob Etheridge ... and, if nothing
else, it was disrespectful and crass.

"I am extremely happy that Kelli has stepped up to lead MADD in our area," Lisa
Vogel says about Kelli Davis, 29, who has replaced Vogel as the leader of the
Sandhills Chapter of Mothers Against Drunk Driving. "I have high hopes that
Cumberland County citizens are finally becoming more interested in taking a
pro-active stance against impaired driving."

"I could talk about my parents all day," says Sgt. Evan Thomsen, the 24-year-old
director for the 82nd Airborne Division's All-American Chorus, and any parent
would be proud to call this young soldier their son.

"We had about 15 of us," Samuel Bailey, 65, says about his time as a paratrooper
with the chorus in 1965. "I was a baritone."

"Clark graduated from Duke, and at the top of his class," Cumberland County
Superior Court Judge Jim Ammons was jokingly saying Thursday at Clark Reaves'
swearing-in as a District Court judge. "I graduated from UNC at Chapel Hill, and
went to class some of the time."

"Good luck with the surgery," Gloria Reyes wants Evie Wentz to know when the
9-year-old from Moore County undergoes a kidney transplant later this month at
UNC Hospitals in Chapel Hill. "I'm on peritoneal dialysis, too. My sister is
going to be my donor, but I have to wait until December to have my transplant
done. Be strong. Everything is going to be OK. I'll be praying for you. God
bless you."

"The kids were amazing," George Turner says about "Fiddler on the Roof"
performances by students at Freedom Christian Academy, and, as chairman of the
Cumberland County Civic Center Commission, Turner knows a bit about
entertainment. "I was shocked at the quality of this show. Of course, I'm a
grandpa of one of them."

Jay Leno's farewell Thursday to "The Tonight Show" was bittersweet for his
faithful viewers ... but the host left the television network with such an
emotional and heartfelt goodbye that it likely had the NBC peacock in tears.

Bill Kirby can be reached at kirbyb@fayobserver.com or 323-4848, ext. 486.

___ (c)2014 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140208-FY-Kirby-Property-tax-rate-Aikens-well-wishes-and-farewells-0208-201402
08

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2014 The Fayetteville Observer


                              867 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            August 22, 2006 Tuesday

GAY BILL BATTLE CONTINUES;
Opponents claim moral values are threatened by antidiscrimination measure

BYLINE: JIM SANDERS, The Sacramento Bee

SECTION: Z_STATE

LENGTH: 605 words


California public schools could not demean gay, bisexual or transgender
orientations under fiercely controversial legislation approved Monday by the
Assembly.

The measure, Senate Bill 1437, has become a lightning rod in a bitter struggle
between gay-rights advocates and critics who claim their moral values are under
attack.

Assembly Speaker Fabian Nuñez, D-Los Angeles, hailed the bill as a way to make
schools safer.

''We'll send a message here that California is above it, that each and every
person in our schools is going to be treated with the love and respect they
deserve,'' Nuñez said.

But Assemblyman Dennis Mountjoy, R-Monrovia, called the measure a dangerous form
of ''social experimentation.''

''This is not about discrimination, it's about acceptance,'' he said. ''You want
us in society to accept homosexuality as normality -- and it's not.''

SB 1437 would ban teachers, textbooks, instructional materials or school
activities from reflecting ''adversely'' upon people who are gay, lesbian,
bisexual or transgender.

Following Monday's Assembly vote, 46-31, the bill will return to the Senate for
what is expected to be routine concurrence in amendments before reaching the
desk of Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger.

The measure initially was wider in scope, seeking changes in social science
curriculum to recognize the contributions of gay, lesbian, bisexual and
transgender individuals.

Sen. Sheila Kuehl, a Santa Monica Democrat who crafted SB 1437, amended the bill
after Schwarzenegger indicated that he would veto it.

''I think it's a small step forward, but it's a very important step,'' Kuehl
said.

Margita Thompson, Schwarzenegger's spokeswoman, said the governor has not said
whether he will sign the narrowed SB 1437.

But Thompson said the governor continues to have concerns and ''will not sign a
bill that micromanages textbook selection.''

SB 1437 applies to public school teachers, not those on privately funded
campuses.

Violations of SB 1437 could be reported to the state Department of Education for
possible reprisals.

Current California law provides similar prohibitions against teaching,
activities or textbooks that discriminate on the basis of race, sex, color,
creed, handicap, national origin or ancestry.

SB 1437 adds sexual orientation to the list of protected classes.

Under Kuehl's bill, public school teachers could not inform their students, for
example, that homosexuality is immoral or wrong.

Campaign for Children and Families, a nonprofit advocacy group, claims that SB
1437 would ban textbooks that define marriage as between a man and a woman; or
sex education that displays traditional examples of male and female sexual
development; or homecoming games that feature only a male king and a female
queen as campus representatives.

''If you can't say anything negative (about homosexuality)... that means you
have to promote it,'' said Randy Thomasson, president of the group.

Kuehl, one of a handful of openly gay legislators, called such characterizations
ridiculous.

''It's balderdash,'' she said.

Asked what the bill would ban, Kuehl said it might prevent a teacher from
stating inaccurately that AIDS would not exist if not for homosexuals, for
example, or prohibit school field trips to any group that's ''organized to bash
gay people.''

''It's really stopping the use of taxpayer money for hate speech and
discrimination,'' said Geoff Kors, executive director of Equality California,
the bill's sponsor.

But critics said state law already protects students against discrimination of
any kind.

SB 1437 ''seems to be a bill in search of a problem that doesn't exist,'' said
Assemblyman Chuck DeVore, R-Irvine.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              868 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            March 29, 2006 Wednesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

BYLINE: From wire reports

SECTION: ARTS AND ENTERTAINMENT; FLASH!; Pg. C-2

LENGTH: 566 words


Morgan's mea culpa

The filmmaker who ate nothing but McDonald's meals for his Oscar-nominated
documentary, "Super Size Me," took his foot out of his mouth to apologize for a
profanity-laced, politically incorrect speech at a suburban Philadelphia high
school.

Among other things, Morgan Spurlock joked about the intelligence of McDonald's
employees and teachers smoking pot while speaking at Hatboro-Horsham High School
last week.

"It is never my intent to insult or demean anyone -- and I understand how some
of my remarks may have offended some in attendance and if you feel they did,
then I am deeply sorry," Spurlock wrote in "A Letter of Explanation" posted
Sunday on his blog (http://blogs.indiewire.com/morganspurlock).

The filmmaker spoke to 700 students at a health and wellness fair before
principal Dennis Williams Jr. cut the presentation short. Spurlock, 35, told The
Philadelphia Inquirer that he "didn't think of the audience" and could have
chosen his words better.

Although some in attendance believe he commented on "retarded kids in the back
wearing helmets," Spurlock said in his blog that he only referred to himself in
that way. He said the comment was meant as a "slacker reference" to a character
in the upcoming film "Benchwarmers."

Group Hall's new home

The shuttered Vocal Group Hall of Fame is getting a new home -- and a restaurant
and piano bar in downtown Sharon, Mercer County. The hall's foundation said in a
statement that the remodeled building will open in the fall, displaying
memorabilia from the more than 90 inductees, including The Andrews Sisters, the
Four Tops and the Beach Boys.

The hall was founded by Tony Butala of The Lettermen and businessman James E.
Winner Jr. to honor groups having a minimum of three-part harmony, 20 years in
music and a hit song. Butala plans to return to Sharon to oversee the
development of the new site.

Reynolds squashes rumor

Star Jones Reynolds said reports of her plastic surgery perils were greatly
exaggerated. "The View" host called the daytime talk show Monday to discuss her
breast-lift surgery and to dispute rumors that she almost died.

"How are you, Star?" co-host Meredith Vieira asked her in the on-air
conversation.

"Well, can we first start with ... I did not almost die," Jones Reynolds
replied. "I mean, there is nothing worse than sitting in a bed watching a scroll
across the TV that says, 'Star Jones faces death.' I went, 'Oh, my God, I did?'
"

Vieira asked her to describe the operation, which she said included receiving
implants. Joking that she wanted to keep the show "abreast" of the situation,
Jones Reynolds said she merely required a blood transfusion because of the March
17 surgery.

Clooney's posse

Now that George Clooney's an Academy Award winner, he and his crew -- the guys,
at least -- are returning to their thieving ways.

Clooney, Brad Pitt and Matt Damon will star in "Ocean's 13," the third flick in
their franchise about a gang of charismatic crooks. Clooney's producing partner
Steven Soderbergh will direct again.

Julia Roberts, Clooney's love interest in the first two movies, and "Ocean's
Twelve" co-star Catherine Zeta-Jones will not be back. "It was a script issue.
... Neither Soderbergh nor I would prevail on them to come back and do nothing
just to do it," said producer Jerry Weintraub.

There was enough, though, to entice Ellen Barkin, who will join the cast for the
summer 2007 film.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Morgan Spurlock eats McDonald's french fries in his documentary
"Super Size Me."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              869 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     March 15, 2004 Monday Ontario Edition

The Liars' sophomore album splits indie-rock intelligentsia

BYLINE: Ben Rayner, Toronto Star

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. E02

LENGTH: 807 words

HIGHLIGHT:
Admirers awed as others demean tunes as wankery Band wonders if expectations
were too high


Amidst the snarling punk-funk cacophony of their esteemed 2001 debut, They Threw
Us All In A Trench And Stuck A Monument On Top, the members of Brooklyn's Liars
gave very little indication they were interested in pandering to an audience.

The extent to which the band's almost pathologically "difficult" second album,
They Were Wrong, So We Drowned, has polarized fans and music scribes alike is,
thus, something of a puzzle. This is, after all, a group that concluded vinyl
pressings of its first record with a grim, locked-groove stoner drone that would
play in perpetuity without active manual interference from the listener. Liars
don't deal in half measures.

Nevertheless, the barbed, bloody-minded experimentalism of They Were Wrong, So
We Drowned has decisively split the indie-rock intelligentsia between awed
admirers and those who consider it contemptuous wankery of the highest order.

If the intent was to put a stop to all the "sound of young New York" hype
seething around Liars and such hometown contemporaries as the Yeah Yeah Yeahs
and the Rapture over the past two years, the album has already been
spectacularly successful: Mainstream music mags like Rolling Stone, Spin and
Billboard have suddenly ceased fawning over the scene to heap one-star reviews,
"F" grades and general disgust upon a record they judge as "unlistenable."

"It's that old thing where if you have expectations, you're just going to be
disappointed," offers genial guitarist Aaron Hemphill, on the line from Mute
Records' headquarters in New York. "You kinda knew it was going to happen, so
it's like, whatever. Better to get it over with now and have those people hate
on you now because it's bound to happen.

"It's not a plan. There's no formula. I don't hate bands who make the same
record - you know, I like the Ramones. You can do whatever you want. It's just
really funny when people are, like, insulted by it."

Substituting oppressive art-rock dirges, spooky chanting and erratic, electronic
trickery for the confrontational disco-punk spazz-outs of Liars' debut, the
sophomore effort They Were Wrong, So We Drowned is indeed a curious beast. But,
while the potential for broad, popular appeal is certainly limited, the record
is far too seductive and hypnotic in its abrasion to be unlistenable. It is, in
fact, exactly the sort of enigmatic musical venture that demands repeated
listening and re-appraisal.

It can't help being a different sort of album, anyway, because Liars is a
different band than it was three years ago when They Threw Us All In A Trench
was recorded.

The original Liars rhythm section of Pat Noecker and Ron Alberton left between
records, so Hemphill and singer Angus Andrew largely made the record by
themselves (with some assistance from Yeah Yeah Yeahs producer/TV On The Radio
member David Sitek) in the secluded house shared by Andrew and his girlfriend,
YYYs frontwoman Karen O., off in the wooded New Jersey hinterland.

Most of the music - and They Were Wrong's loose, rather timely theme of witch
hunts and witch burnings - was developed on the fly in the studio, says
Hemphill, in an effort to keep things as spontaneous as possible before the
repetitive rigour of touring set in again.

"We recorded the first album almost three years ago and toured on it like crazy.
Then it got re-released and we had to tour on it again," he says. "So we just
felt like we had to make stuff that was more immediate, closer to when you play
it live. I put it in terms of this - sorry if it's abstract - but it's like
giving people excerpts from your journal two years ago and then meeting them in
person and they expect you to be this 'thing.' You're attracting them with this
personality that's two years old.

"I don't try to act like I used to act three years ago, so why make an album
that reflects a personality that has changed? I guess that's our way of seeing
it."

The faint of heart attending Wednesday night's Liars show at Lee's Palace will
no doubt be delighted to hear the new material is proving itself "a bit more
abrasive" on stage. And, says Hemphill, the band's current direction has been
maintained on the follow-up to They Were Wrong, So We Drowned, which is already
in the can and poised to further irritate Spin sometime next year.

"It's still amazing to me that people I don't know actually listen to the
record," he says. "We don't acknowledge the fact that people care about our
band. It's a surprising thing to hear that someone is anticipating our record.
So, taking that into consideration, after making the first record and thinking
no one would hear it, we just thought we should make the second record the same
way and do whatever we want. I think that's why a lot of second records have
that curse, because people assume people are waiting for this or that."

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Liars' much-anticipated second album They Were Wrong, So We Drowned
has received split reviews in indie-rock circles and panned in mainstream rock
magazines. The band is not worried, however: "You kinda knew it was going to
happen, so it's like, whatever. Better to get it over with now and have those
people hate on you now because it's bound to happen," said guitarist Aaron
Hemphill.

                  Copyright 2004 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              870 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   October 29, 1998, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Microsoft paints AOL-Netscape conspiracy

BYLINE: Paul Davidson

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 524 words


Microsoft's lawyer Wednesday cited America Online e-mail that
demeans Netscape Communications' Internet browser and suggested
AOL and Netscape are conspiring to wound Microsoft, a "Hitler"-like
foe.

At the antitrust trial, AOL executive David Colburn repeatedly
said his company chose Microsoft as its primary browser supplier
in 1996 mostly because Microsoft offered AOL coveted display on
its near-monopoly Windows 95 operating system.

The government argues that Microsoft illegally used its monopoly
power to bar AOL from promoting Netscape in any meaningful way
on the world's largest Internet service, now with 13 million subscribers.


But Microsoft lawyer John Warden unveiled memos in which AOL executives
assail Netscape's browser as slow and difficult to mesh with AOL's
popular on-line service.

In one e-mail message, AOL CEO Steve Case says, "From a pure
technology standpoint, it does look like Microsoft may win this
one." Another derides Netscape's browser as plagued with "severe
architectural handicaps." And a third Case memo derides Netscape
as arrogantly "breathing its own fumes."

Warden also used a draft memo from Case to Netscape CEO James
Barksdale to suggest Colburn might be backing Netscape's antitrust
claims because both companies view Microsoft as the enemy. In
the October 1995 e-mail, Case likens their cause to the Allies
uniting against "Hitler." Case says he shares a Netscape executive's
desire to "use our unique respective strengths to go kick the
s--- out of the Beast from Redmond (Microsoft) that wants to see
us both dead."

"Is AOL still trying to (attack the) beast from Redmond?" Warden
asked.

"I think what AOL is trying to do . . . is to compete," Colburn
said.

Earlier, Colburn conceded Microsoft's browser could be split into
pieces to be woven more easily with AOL's service. But he also
said Netscape's browser was "robust" and then the industry leader.

"I looked at it as a close call technologically. What put it
over the top was the display on the desktop," he said.

Colburn explained that AOL was "deathly concerned" that Microsoft's
plan to bundle its MSN on-line service on Windows could crush
AOL.

Warden noted that AOL had deals with personal computer makers
that put its button on 90% of PC screens, while Microsoft gave
AOL a less prominent screen position. One AOL e-mail says the
Microsoft display "may not be any more distribution . . . than
what we already have."

Still, Colburn said Microsoft's endorsement was critical because
AOL was worried about the software giant's plan to bundle its
own on-line service with Windows. It also provided key leverage
to strike the deals with the PC makers, he said.



Microsoft on trial

Day 8

About the trial: The government accuses Microsoft of illegally
using its near monopoly in personal computer operating system
software to stifle competition and innovation in the software
industry and dominate Web commerce.

Today: Questioning of AOL's David Colburn should be concluded.
Video may be shown of Microsoft CEO Bill Gates' deposition.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              871 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                         October 4, 1997, CITY EDITION

Comeback would demean a true great

BYLINE: By SEAN KILFEATHER

SECTION: SPORT; FIFTH COLUMN; Pg. 52

LENGTH: 777 words


Steve Collins has declared that his days in the square ring are over. In the
complicated world of boxing, however, the words were scarcely out of his mouth
when his "comeback" was being discussed - a discussion in which he was prepared
to take part. Time alone will tell if Collins's fierce ambition to fight Roy
Jones is fulfilled. What we can, however, be sure of is that Steve Collins has
been a decoration to boxing at a time when it has become demeaned by graft and
sleaze.

We in Ireland are blessed in the number of sportsmen and women who have
represented us on world stages. In this respect, boxing has given us some really
magic moments in modern times when men like Rinty Monaghan, 'Spider' Kelly, John
McNally, Freddie Gilroy, Johnny Caldwell, 'Socks' Byrne and Fred Teidt set the
scene in the late 1940s and early 1950s.

When Barry McGuigan and Hugh Russell were performing their spectacular double
act in the Ulster Hall and the King's Hall in Belfast, in the 1980s, some of us
wondered how long it would last. McGuigan's reign at the pinnacle of world
featherweight boxing survived only two challenges before that unfortunate night
in Las Vegas when his world virtually fell apart.

Then came Barcelona and the Olympic Games of 1992 when, on a
never-to-be-forgotten Saturday morning, silver and gold medals were hung around
the necks of Wayne McCullough and Michael Carruth within a truly memorable hour.

There were also the achievements of Dave McAuley, who partially revived boxing
in Belfast after the McGuigan-Russell era, and of McCullough on the world
professional stage. Eamon Loughran, too, won a world title, but it was Steve
Collins who, in Boston, emerged as the most exciting Irish fighter.

Collins eventually came home to make his name with two spectacular doubles over
Chris Eubank and Nigel Benn, previously thought by British commentators to be
invincible.

It has come as no surprise that Collins was reluctant to drop his guard against
Joe Calzaghe, while still demanding the fight, he felt his exploits deserved - a
unification of the WBO and IBF super middleweight titles against Roy Jones.

Collins, quite rightly, feels that he was cheated of that opportunity by the
politics of the sport and admits that he became disillusioned and frustrated in
his determination and desire to establish a unified title. Collins worked hard
for his dream. He is proud of the fact that there was a time in the middleweight
division when boxers such as Mike McCallum, Gerald McClellan, James Toney,
Michael Watson, Chris Eubank, and Nigel Benn were all being mentioned as the men
who could compete for the unified world title.

Collins put his name into that pantheon when he took Mike McCallum, at his peak,
a full 12 rounds, prompting McCallum to declare that he didn't want to meet
Collins again. In that Boston encounter, it was felt by many of those who were
there that if Collins had concentrated on getting into his stride early on,
instead of adopting a cautious approach, he could have been the champion there
and then. On his return to Europe, Collins's luck changed and be beat Chris
Pyatt for the vacant WBO middleweight title. That meant that his name was a now
firmly in the line for top-class opposition and Chris Eubank was identified and
beaten in Millstreet, making Collins the only Irishman to hold two world titles
- middle and super middle - at the same time.

He surrendered the lower weight title and beat Eubank again and defended
successfully twice against Nigel Benn. Jones came firmly into his sights and in
the absence of a willingness by the American, Collins was treading water.
Fighting Calzaghe, a comparative unknown on the under card of a 'Prince' Naseem
Hamed bill, did not appeal to him. Who could blame him? Retirement seemed the
logical retreat.

Regardless of what happens next, Collins can be justly identified as one of
Ireland's major sporting heroes. He is a worthy role model for many young Irish
people, inside and outside of boxing. Nobody could ever accuse him of being
innocent, but the pot of gold he has pursued may turn out to be a mirage if
legal decisions go against him. He speaks movingly of meeting many old boxing
heroes who have fallen on bad times. He has no intention of ending his days
thus.

Without any doubt, Steve Collins has given boxing a better and brighter profile
in Ireland. It will be very sad indeed if financial pressures from any quarter
force him back into ring. For his sake, and for the sake of boxing as a whole,
let us hope that we have seen the last of Steve Collins as a boxer and the
beginning of Steve Collins as an inspirational figure in Irish sport.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1997 The Irish Times


                              872 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       January 3, 1997 Friday 2D EDITION

Despite suit, Gilpin retains racial epithet

BYLINE: By Jeffrey A. Roberts, Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-01

LENGTH: 470 words

More than three years after Roy Smith abandoned his mountaintop home above
Central City, claiming he'd been forced out by discrimination and harassment,
the Gilpin County Sheriff's Department still uses a racial epithet to identify
him in its computer system.

But the words, a nickname for the 50-year-old black man, will be erased from the
department's database if Smith's lawyers persuade a federal judge to grant a
permanent injunction against the county.

"There is no legitimate law enforcement purpose for (sheriff officials') ongoing
racial branding of Mr. Smith in their computers," according to a motion filed
this week in U.S. District Court in Denver by lawyers John Holland and Bill
Finger.

The department's failure to remove the words, they contend, "demeans Mr. Smith
in the community, relegates him to an inferior status and deprives him of his
equal rights as a citizen in violation of the 14th Amendment" to the U.S.
Constitution.

Rick Fendel, a lawyer for the county, declined to comment on the motion
yesterday because he hadn't yet discussed the matter with Gilpin County
officials.

He did say, however, that his clients - the sheriff, three deputies and a former
sheriff - have decided to appeal a recent ruling by U.S. District Judge Wiley Y.
Daniel that they can be sued as individuals in a 1994 discrimination lawsuit
filed by Smith.

In the case, which is scheduled for trial April 14, Smith alleges that the
sheriff's department repeatedly failed to investigate his complaints of racial
harassment. He charges that authorities did little or nothing after he
complained at various times of being attacked by dogs, shot at, beaten with a
rake and tortured while being hanged upside-down.

Smith also sued a neighbor, whom he contends was responsible for some of the
attacks. An out-of-court settlement between the two men is pending.

County officials insist they treated Smith no differently than any other
resident. They also contend that Smith, one of 13 African-Americans the 1990
Census found living in Gilpin County, was widely known as "Nigger Roy," and even
introduced himself to people with that name.

Smith said he never introduced himself that way and that he was offended when
people used that term to identify him.

Former Sheriff Rosetta Anderle typed the nickname into the computer system in
1991, after Smith told her that two men had hit him in the eye with a board. In
a 1995 interview with The Denver Post, Anderle said the reference wasn't meant
to be offensive. "That's just what everybody called him."

In depositions taken last summer, current Sheriff Bruce Hartman and Undersheriff
John Bayne acknowledged that the nickname hadn't been removed from the computer.
Hartman testified that no other person was listed in the computer system with a
racial nickname.

LOAD-DATE: January 03, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1997 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              873 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           February 16, 2010 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Vaccine fear-mongering endangers child health

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 609 words


Americans no longer routinely see people disfigured by smallpox or crippled by
polio, so it's easy to forget what terrible scourges those diseases were before
vaccination eradicated them here. Routine shots also nearly wiped out measles, a
dangerous childhood illness that killed 450 and caused 4,000 cases of
encephalitis annually in the USA before a vaccine became widely available in the
mid-1960s.

But reported cases of measles, while still tiny,  are now ticking upward, and
the probable reason is troubling: Fearful parents are refusing to let their
children be vaccinated against once-common childhood diseases. Anxiety -- fanned
by a discredited British researcher and misguided celebrities -- has grown that
childhood vaccines, chiefly the MMR vaccine (for measles, mumps and rubella),
are a reason for an alarming spike in the number of children with autism, a
disorder that impairs a child's social and communication skills, often severely.

No one should demean parents' fear of autism. A federal study released in
December showed that about one in 110 children (and one in 70 boys) has been
diagnosed with autism, up from one in 150 in a prior study. But the conviction
that vaccines are the cause, despite convincing scientific proof that they're
not, is turning into a dangerous threat to public health.

The supposed MMR-autism link got a huge boost with a controversial study
published by the British medical journal The Lancet in 1998. Though the lead
author, surgeon Andrew Wakefield, was careful to say no such link had been
proved, the study strongly suggested the possibility. Wakefield's research was
widely reported, and the idea caught hold with worried parents. Child
vaccination rates in Britain fell from 92% in 1995 to 81% in 2005, jeopardizing
"herd immunity," in which enough children have been vaccinated that unvaccinated
children rarely encounter pathogens.

Vaccine critics have also suggested that a mercury-based vaccine preservative
called thimerasol is the link to autism. But research has shown almost identical
autism rates in vaccinated and unvaccinated children, and autism rates continued
to rise after thimerasol was removed from virtually all child vaccines in 2001.

Last month, Britain's medical regulatory body said Wakefield's conduct of the
1998 study had been "dishonest," "irresponsible" and "unethical." The Lancet
retracted the study this month. Wakefield remains a hero to a passionate
community of people who say the current vaccine regimen is unsafe. Though
well-intentioned, their obsession with thimerasol and MMR has diverted attention
from a search for likelier causes of autism.

Complications from inoculations are very rare but not unheard of. The notion
that they should be avoided, however, is dangerous and can do real harm. During
the recent swine flu epidemic, nearly one-fifth of those who didn't get
vaccinated cited fears that the shot was harmful. Diseases such as measles,
meanwhile, are now just a plane ride away. Infected travelers have come to this
country and infected unvaccinated children.

Though U.S. child vaccination rates never fell as they did in Britain, and
remain at 92%, a growing number of parents have "exempted" their children from
the shots that are otherwise mandatory for attending school -- more than 6% of
children in California's Marin County, for example, or almost 27% of children in
Washington's Ferry County.

It would be tragic if the current generation has to learn what their parents and
grandparents knew from watching children get sick or die -- that yesterday's
diseases are still lurking, and that vaccines are most effective when virtually
everyone gets them.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Alejandro Gonzalez, USA TODAY, Source: Centers for
Disease Control and Prevention (Line graph)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: DEBATE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2010 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              874 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                          September 11, 2008 Thursday

SECTION: PAGE 2; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 473 words


Kansas has come a long way from the time when news reports about Gov. Joan
Finney often were accompanied by a snort and guffaw from the Statehouse press
corps.

As the issues of gender and politics merge in the presidential campaign,
Finney's tumultuous relationship with the journalists who covered her term in
office, from 1990 to 1994, provides a clear contrast. Thankfully, it's difficult
to imagine today's media dissing Kathleen Sebelius, Sandy Praeger, Nancy Boyda
or Lynn Jenkins in the same way.

But in Finney's day, we didn't flinch when a member of the Statehouse press
corps, who had attended an event at the governor's mansion, wrote about the
gubernatorial pantyhose hanging to dry in a Cedar Crest bathroom. Or when a news
photographer shot pictures of Finney at the beauty parlor, curlers and all.

The intent, clearly, was to demean Finney for being a woman. Her oversight in
leaving pantyhose in the powder room when company was coming was no reflection
on her ability to run the state. A male governor likely would have been given a
pass if he had inadvertently left a personal item in a bathroom in his home.

While most of the editors and journalists who called the shots in the Finney era
were male, women working in Kansas newsrooms - myself included - acquiesced. Nor
was there an outcry from the public.

Fast-forward to this election cycle, and we are much more aware how gender
stereotypes can be manipulated to political advantage. The conversation we are
now having about media coverage of Gov. Sarah Palin is good for democracy.

Over the past two weeks, mainstream news coverage of Palin has contained a few
insensitive remarks, but for the most part, discussion of Palin has focused on
the issues and her qualifications.

Ironically, the public is now more conscious of sexism in media coverage of
Palin, a Republican, because of the shabby treatment Democrat Hillary Clinton
received in the primary. Journalists will be less likely to discuss Palin's bust
or to characterize her laugh as a "cackle" because of the backlash against news
coverage of Clinton.

While Palin's defenders are correct to demand she be treated with dignity, they
do her - and all women - no favor by claiming sexism when news media discuss her
credentials or positions on issues. Palin herself undermines her credibility
when she shrinks from holding a news conference or appearing on Sunday talk
shows.

Every day Palin hides behind a prepared speech or handpicks an interviewer gives
comfort to the Neanderthals who waved the "iron my shirt" sign at a Clinton
rally in New Hampshire.

If Palin truly wants equality for women politicians, she must accept the same
degree of scrutiny as any man running for office.

Gwyn Mellinger , chair of the department of communication and mass media at
Baker University can be reached at gwyn.mellinger@bakeru.edu

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              875 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 21, 2001 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

One Nation, Still Divided By Closeness of Election;
Across the Country, Bush Garners Protests, Approval

BYLINE: Sue Anne Pressley, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A22

LENGTH: 1142 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE Jan. 20


In places around the country and here in this Florida capital that served as
ground zero during the recent presidential-election dispute, millions of
Americans marked the inauguration of George W. Bush with emotions ranging from
outrage to wholehearted approval.

Some, like those who gathered in protest here, renewed their vow for vengeance
at the polls when the next election rolls around. Others said they would wait
and give the 43rd president a chance to prove himself. In Orange County, Calif.,
Bush supporters were reveling in his speech and preparing for a celebration of
their own.

"I feel that his spirit and message was something very uplifting and cleansing
for the American nation," said Thomas A. Fuentes, chairman of the Orange County
Republican Party. "It struck a perfect tone in light of the nightmare we have
just come through."

Here in Tallahassee, several thousand demonstrators held a pointedly different
view. "We don't need to demean or belittle the new administration," said the
Rev. Joseph Lowery, former president of the Southern Christian Leadership
Conference and current head of the Black Leadership Forum. "They're doing a good
job of that all by themselves. We're here to proclaim that the mean-spirited,
retrogressive forces that run the Republican Party are not now invisible, they
have become visible.

"It's a historic day," Lowery said as the crowd shouted, "Cheated! Cheated!
Cheated!"

Washington may have been the center of inaugural events today, but citizens
across the nation watched avidly as the torch was passed from the Democratic
administration of Bill Clinton to the Republicans and George W. Bush. In a
blustery rain, tourists and New Yorkers crowded in front of two mammoth
television screens in Times Square to hear Bush's inaugural address, some
praising what ended up being a smooth transition, some still grumbling over the
election outcome.

"It's very unfortunate for those who feel the presidency was sort of stolen,"
said James Harris, a visitor from Boston. "That man should have won," he said,
pointing at a shot of Democratic nominee and outgoing Vice President Gore on the
movie theater-sized screen.

Back in Orange County, Republicans were looking forward to an inaugural party
all their own tonight. Although Bush lost to Gore by more than 1 million votes
in California, the new president won Orange County handily. "This is a night of
letting out steam with friends to say, 'By golly, we did win.' The Republicans
are back in the White House," said Fuentes, the county GOP chairman.

But in Chicago, Gore supporter John Loft said he had had enough. Loft, 50, a
social scientist who does contract research for the federal government, spent
the morning in a coffee shop -- with no television set.

"After the whole election, the inauguration is anticlimactic," he said. "I'm
more interested in who Bush appoints for the Cabinet positions."

Here in Tallahassee, however, where the eyes of the world were focused during
the five-week stalemate over who had won Florida's 25 victory-clinching
electoral votes, there was anger and passion aplenty. The largest and most
highly publicized march and rally outside Washington today was staged by a
coalition of labor and civil rights groups, including Jesse L. Jackson's
Rainbow/PUSH Coalition.

Organizers said an estimated 100 busloads of protesters poured in from as far
away as Ohio to express their displeasure in "A Day of Moral Outrage" over a new
president whom speakers repeatedly described as "selected, not elected." Many in
the crowd hoisted signs that said, "The NAACP Says, We Won't Forget," and "We
Were Bush-Whacked." Other placards made digs at President Bush's younger
brother, Florida Gov. Jeb Bush (R), and his chances for a second term: "Pack
Your Bags, Jeb."

"I came out because I've been out to all the rallies for injustice since I've
been old enough to come," said Willie Bussey, 64, a retired longshoreman, who
rode in on one of several buses from his home town, Jacksonville, Fla. "I think
it's my duty to come because we are still very displeased with what happened on
Election Day -- all of those votes should have been counted. The only thing
that's going to solve this thing is if minorities continue to vote like we did,
in masses, in this last election."

The election in Florida was rife with allegations that efforts were made to
discourage minorities from voting by, among other things, having a heavy police
presence at some predominantly black polling places and by wrongfully purging
voters lists. Several civil rights groups already have filed suit against the
governor and other state officials, and the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights is
investigating.

Bussey and others shivering in the brisk wind and 45-degree temperatures cheered
and shouted "Amen" as a series of speakers today, including officials from the
AFL-CIO, the NAACP and the American Federation of State, County, and Municipal
Employees (AFSCME), exhorted them in a rousing, church-revival style, pledging
never to allow a repeat of what some termed "the Florida fiasco."

"We were patting ourselves on the back and saying how we had it made," said
former Atlanta mayor Maynard Jackson. "We had all these fine cars and houses and
jobs and all of this, and all of a sudden, we look up and bam, there's Florida.
Florida was a wake-up call. We got so fat and sassy, we stopped struggling."

Jackson, who had planned to speak at the rally, canceled his appearance after it
was reported last week that he had fathered an out-of-wedlock child with an
employee of his organization, saying he needed to spend more time with his wife
and family. But he was remembered several times with prayers and sympathetic
statements.

"Let us bow our heads for Reverend Jackson as he fights his personal battle as
he has fought battles for us for so many years across America," said Gerald
McEntee, AFSCME president.

McEntee then led the crowd in the "cheated" chant: "Brothers and sisters,
Florida and America were cheated on Nov. 7. We were cheated when African
American voters faced police roadblocks at polling precincts in Florida.
Cheated! Cheated! . . . When registered voters, mostly people of color, were
turned away on Election Day, told that they were dropped from rolls. Cheated!
Cheated!"

But 3,000 miles away, in Southern California, even some formerly staunch Gore
supporters said it was time to set aside the rancorous events of the recent past
and give the new leader a chance to prove himself.

"He's the guy now," said Steve Valentine, 48, a maintenance manager from Granada
Hills, Calif. "We might not like him, but let's help him, so he can help all of
us. Give him a shot."

Staff writers Jeff Adler in California and Christine Haughney in New York and
special correspondent Kari Lydersen in Chicago contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post


                              876 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                   October 29, 1994, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

F.Y.I.

SECTION: OBSERVER; F.Y.I.; OPINIONS; Pg. B5


Closet that witch,

potboilers are out

Political correctness has finally caught up with Halloween. From a group of U.S.
parent and school organizations comes a list of costumes not to be seen wearing
Monday, or at any time for that matter: Bum/hobo : Ridicules the homeless,
prejudges non-traditional lifestyle; Old man/old woman : Demeans the elderly;
Witch: Glorifies the occult, takes a gratuitous slap at plain, hook-nosed women
who simply prefer to dress in black and chant incantations around a bubbling
caldron. Devil: Encourages satanism; Fat man/fat woman : Pokes fun at the obese,
questions their commitment to the universal cause of good health; Indian:
Lampoons aboriginals. From what's left, here this year's most popular costumes?:
The Mighty Morphin Power Rangers, grim reapers, ninjas, soldiers, Cleopatra,
Nala and Simba from The Lion King, Jasmine from Aladdin and Belle from Beauty
and the Beast.

Gotham's finest

to ride the bus

Perhaps not the easiest machine to parallel park, the fabled Batmobile goes on
the block next Friday in South Carolina. The high-powered vehicle will be one of
more than 300 collector cars featured at the 1994 Mt. Pleasant International
Collector Car Show and Auction, near Charleston. Just how much they'll get for
the sleek, seven-and-a-half metre long, two-and-a-half metre wide,
one-and-a-half- tonne cruiser is anybody's guess, according to Kruse
International, an Auburn, Ind.-based auction firm organizing the event. The
jet-black, fibreglass car which sold for $ 64,000 in 1984, is built on a
modified 1966 Chevy Caprice chassis and powered by a Corvette engine. The Joker,
and other potential bidders, should note the jet fixture on the back of the car
is just a studio prop. The car runs on regular gas -- and lots of it.

Footnote from Munich:

The car-hater's back

Munich's car hater is back on the road again, reports Deutsche Presse Agentur.
Michael Hartmann, a 28-year-old architecture student was given a suspended
10-month prison term Friday by a Munich court after being found guilty of
dangerously interfering with traffic by strolling on a busy highway. Hartmann, a
car-loather from way back, gained international notoriety six years ago when he
began walking across the roofs of cars blocking city sidewalks. In his quest for
pedestrian rights, Hartmann recently took his protest to the highway. Ignoring
honking horns and angry motorists trying to pass him, the student forced cars to
follow him down various highways at a walking pace. An unrepentent Hartmann told
the court he has no plans to stay out of traffic, but will stick to secondary
roads.

Icebreakers for

the cocktail set

Before hoisting a pint in Britain, check the contents of your mug. An old
English cure for alcoholism was to put a live eel in the patient's glass of
beer. Ducks lay eggs only in the morning. Fish can become seasick if kept aboard
ship. The monkey wrench has nothing to do with any simian. It's named for a
London blacksmith named Charles Moncke. A group of geese waddling on the ground
is called a "gaggle." Flying gracefully through the air, they are referred to as
a "skein."

Worth repeating

"A true diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in a way that makes
you look forward to the trip."

-- Abraham Lincoln

Compiled by Mike Gillespie


LOAD-DATE: October 29, 1994

LENGTH: 557 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: (Abraham Lincoln)

               Copyright 1994 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              877 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   December 2, 1993, Thursday, City Edition
                              Correction Appended

DOW GAINS

SECTION: BUSINESS; BUSINESS DIGEST; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 905 words



The Dow Jones industrial average gained 13.13 points to close at 3,697.08.

Nation

Fed's hiring draws criticism

  High-salaried top staff jobs in the Federal Reserve are almost exclusively
filled by white men, the chairman of the House Banking Committee complained
Wednesday.

Rep. Henry B. Gonzalez, D-Texas, said a study by his staff found that of 34
positions paying more than $ 125,000 at the Federal Reserve Board, only one is
a woman and one is listed as "non-white."

At the 12 regional Federal Reserve Banks, 82 employees are paid $ 125,000 or
more. Of those, 12 are women and three are "non-white."

He said minorities and women also are under-represented in what he called
"pipeline jobs," which lead to top positions.

In testimony in October, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan agreed  that
the pace of promotion of women and minorities into the Fed's top echelons  was
"inadequate."

   STROH'S SETTLEMENT REACHED. An out-of-court settlement was announced
Wednesday in Minneapolis in a sex-harassment lawsuit filed by eight women
against Stroh Brewing Co. The suit had cited the brewery's ads featuring the
"Swedish Bikini Team," as well as other ads, saying they exemplified "a
corporate culture that demeans or objectifies women." Attorneys for the women
and Stroh announced the settlement. Terms were not disclosed.

POSNERS BANNED. A federal judge Wednesday barred Victor Posner and son  Steven
from serving as an officer or director of any public company and  ordered them
to repay about $ 4-million they gained from one of their  businesses. The
decision by U.S. District Judge Milton Pollack in New York  marks the final
chapter of the government's prosecution of Drexel Burnham  Lambert Inc. and the
securities dealings of Michael Milken and Ivan Boesky.

   BROKERS WARNED ON ETHICS. Wall Street must raise its ethical standards and
better police itself before lawmakers and government agencies step in to
protect investors, SEC Commissioner J. Carter Beese said in remarks prepared
for delivery Thursday at the Securities Industry Association's annual
conference in Boca Raton. "I am here to tell you that this commission will  not
tolerate the presence of rogue brokers in our markets. If you don't  eliminate
them - we will," he said.

   LOAN RATES CUT FOR VETERANS. Veterans who have taken out loans against  their
government life insurance policies will be charged 5 percent interest  instead
of 7 percent, the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs announced. The  rate
reduction applies to 2.3-million variable interest rate policies issued  since
Nov. 2, 1987.

Tampa Bay/State

   THERAPY COMPANIES TO MERGE. Three home infusion therapy companies announced
plans Wednesday to merge, creating one of the nation's largest providers of
home infusion services and the largest provider of such services in the Tampa
Bay area, according to a joint press release. Curaflex Health Services Inc. of
Ontario, Canada, HealthInfusion Inc. of Miami and Medisys Inc. of Minneapolis  -
all publicly  traded companies - plan to undergo a three-way stock swap. The
newly formed corporation would have a combined annual revenue base of  $
184.3-million and net income of $ 10.4-million, based on how well the three
companies performed financially in the past 12 months. Charles A. Laverty,
chairman of Curaflex, said the merger is a response to pressures on the price
of health care services.

   COMPANY GETS CONTRACTS. Omni Films International Inc. of Sarasota has
received contracts valued at more than $ 2-million for its motion simulation
platforms and specialty movie theaters in Thailand, Turkey and Tennessee. Omni
Films specializes in the design and manufacture of large-screen,
three-dimensional and motion -simulation theater systems.

   TECH DATA SIGNS DEALS. Clearwater-based Tech Data Corp. has signed
agreements to distribute certain equipment for AT&T Paradyne in Largo and  Ocean
Isle Software of Vero Beach. Both manufacturers specialize in  communications
technology.

   NETWORK BUYS STATION. Christian Network Inc. of Clearwater, which operates  a
channel called Worship that is available to 16-million homes through  broadcast
and cable affiliates, said it has agreed to purchase its own  television
station. Exact terms for acquiring WDLP-Ch. 35 in Miami from New  Miami Latino
Broadcasting Corp. were not disclosed, but the agreement calls  for a cash
purchase price and a contribution to Christian Network. As a result  of the
purchase, Christian Network will expand its Worship format from 18 to  24 hours
daily.

CABLE TEST SITE CHOSEN. Sammons Communications Inc.'s cable system in
Waterbury, Conn., will be the site of the first customer test of interactive
pay-per-view technology developed at Home Shopping Network Inc. of St.
Petersburg. In the three-month test, households will be offered four movies,
each starting every half-hour. Home Shopping's technology eventually could
offer more movies starting more frequently.

DOW               DOLLAR              YIELD

30 INDUSTRIALS    VS. JAPANESE YEN    30-YEAR U.S. BOND

3697.08           108.75              6.25

+13.13            -0.30               -0.05

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: December 3, 1993

CORRECTION:
 Curaflex Health Services Inc., one of three home infusion companies planning to
merge with each other, is based in Ontario, Calif. A story in Thursday's
Business section indicated an incorrect location for its headquarters.

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              878 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                              March 2, 2012 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Film examines how media bjectifies, demeans women

BYLINE: Jay Stone, Postmedia News

SECTION: FRIDAY MOVIES; Pg. D9

LENGTH: 529  words


Spotlight

Miss Representation screens Thursday at the U of C SB103 as part of
International Women's Day. Tickets, $10, at the Campus Ticket Centre or at the
door.

Liane Balaban is a successful Canadian actor (New Waterford Girl, Last Chance

Harvey) who says she's been lucky to play interesting, three-dimensional
characters for most of her career.

"But recently, I filmed a horror movie, and I started to have the sense that my
character was being objectified and brutalized, and it was a heavy feeling in my
heart," she said. "But it gave more fire to my cause, which is to tell stories,
and tell other women to tell stories, and start changing the narrative in
Hollywood and the film industry."

Her friend, Vanessa Matsui (Singularity, Fakers) said the same thing has
happened to her.

"My first leading role in a feature that I shot was a thriller in the woods,
where 'objectified' doesn't even begin to describe how I was treated, both
onscreen and off. Yikes!," she wrote in an e-mail.

Yikes indeed. And they're not alone. The treatment of women has something to do
with the way they're portrayed in the media, according to the American
documentary, Miss Representation. Featuring clips of everything from news shows
to rap videos, it makes the case that a relentless depiction of women as sex
objects - or simply lightweights - has contributed to the under-representation
of women in positions of leadership.

Which is why Balaban and Matsui decided to show the movie to the general public
in a special screening recently that is part of the unusual distribution pattern
of Miss Representation.

People who are interested in the issue can go to missrepresenta-tion.org and
sign up to host a screening. There's also a list of Canadian centres where it
will be screening.

"The images that young women and young men are observing are of women being
objectified and women being sexualized, and you hardly ever see women in
positions of leadership and authority," Balaban said in a telephone interview.

Matsui, who was also on the line, added: "And when there are women in these very
powerful positions, like Hillary Clinton or Condoleezza Rice, the way media
treats these women, there's a lot of disrespect. If the media treat these very
powerful women this way, how do they treat everyday women? How seriously are we
taken on an everyday level?"

Directed by Jennifer Siebel Newsom, Miss Representation features Jane Fonda,
Rosario Dawson, Geena Davis, Katie Cou-ric and Rachel Maddow. It was shown at
the Sundance Film Festival this year, and later picked up for broadcast on Oprah
Winfrey's network, OWN.

Balaban had seen the film in L.A. at a movie theatre on Sunset Boulevard.

"I thought it was a really important film, and I was surprised it was only
playing on one screen, and there were only three other people in the audience. I
thought more people needed to see this, especially young women."

Matsui adds that "One of the points raised in Miss Representation is the
disparity between male directors and female directors.

For example, there are no females (directors) nominated at the Os-cars this
year. There still seems to be a disproportionate gap in writing and directing
movies."

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Herald Archive, Postmedia News; Liane Balaban worked to get Miss
Representation a wider audience.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2012 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              879 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                           February 23, 2017 Thursday

The 'enemy of the American people'

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 675 words

ABSTRACT

OPN cp

FULL TEXT

A message to "the American people" from the "enemy":

Despite President Trump's latest broadside on a still-free press, we
respectfully decline his nomination as his latest nefarious villain - made last
week when he railed against the "alt-left" news media as "the enemy of the
American people."

No doubt many in the "so-called" (a favorite Trump insult directed at numerous
targets including judges and the last presidential administration) "elite media"
(another favorite term of Trumpworld, meant to show how out of touch are the
privileged coastal chattering classes) harbor an ill-disguised contempt for Mr.
Trump.

But the real reason the president demeans the press is because he can get away
with it. As his advisers undoubtedly are telling him, national polls show less
than one-third of American adults trust the mass media, and these numbers have
been slipping for years. A recent Gallup poll showed that only 20 percent
expressed strong confidence in newspapers, 21 percent in TV news and 19 percent
in internet news.

The president also knows that while the major players in news media continue to
bring in big dollars, this revenue is slipping. For local media, such as
community newspapers, the financial picture is far darker. More and more ad
revenue is going to the biggest internet players - Google, Facebook and Apple -
as revenues continue to decline dramatically for most traditional news outlets.

The president also can use the media to deflect attention from other issues,
such as his administration's latest immigration policies, or the "so-called"
Russian hacking of our elections and "so-called" disarray in his administration.

Finally, the president knows the press can't stop covering him. Television and
online viewership is up and in some markets, so is newspaper circulation.

It's not as if this president is the first to brawl with the media. From the
1960s on, the press and the presidency have been more confrontational than
cooperative, with the exception of the two terms of Barack Obama, who received
gentler treatment.

Put aside, if you can, Mr. Trump's populist-authoritarian instincts, and
consider the president's battle with the press - which, by the way, he courted
for decades as a New York City businessman - and the reaction of many
journalists to his taunts and insults.

Would it be better for our democracy and constitutional protections if the media
just rolled over? It may sound arrogant, but the mission of a First Amendment
free press is to speak truth to power, to comfort the afflicted and afflict the
comfortable.

Sadly, though, the media has become just as polarized as the country -
especially online and on cable TV, but not exempting major newspapers such as
the New York Times and Washington Post. If some cable outlets - Fox News on the
right, MSNBC on the left - are openly ideological, then more and more news
consumers seem only too willing to hear or read information that mostly agrees
with what they already believe.

Too many journalists - most already liberal/progressive by political bent - do
have an agenda. They believe, not unreasonably, that Mr. Trump is assaulting
American values and our governing system. Many are obsessively following every
move, every tweet, every misstatement made by this president. And some clearly
are searching for the ultimate "gotcha" moment that could even be an impeachable
offense.

The danger for the media of being seen as conducting a political witch-hunt
against the White House is that it will further erode the relationship with
readers and viewers. And Mr. Trump's base stands resolutely with him.

The president showed at his press conference last week that he enjoys the fight.
And although he claims he wants to "unify" the country, his track record and
temperament demonstrate a closer affinity to division.

And if Mr. Trump can destroy whatever remaining credibility the press has, he'll
have a free ride on falsehoods, exaggerations and misleading policy
pronouncements. Which would truly be an "enemy of the American people."

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              880 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 14, 2016 Friday

Washington: Christian Leaders Alarmed By Overt Anti-Christian Bigotry Within The
Clinton Campaign

LENGTH: 502  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Donald J. Trump has issued the following news
release:



 "We Are - Catholic And Evangelical - United In Our Outrage And United In Our
Call For Mrs. Clinton To Immediately Apologize For The Christophobic Behavior Of
Her Associates."





 LOS ANGELES, CA - As Christian leaders, Catholic and Evangelical, we
collectively express our outrage at the demeaning and troubling rhetoric used by
those within Secretary Clinton's campaign - and those associated with the
campaign - to describe our communities.





 Recently released emails clearly ridicule, demean and smear Roman Catholics and
Evangelicals. It is especially alarming that the Chairman of the Clinton
Campaign, John Podesta, was copied on these emails between Jennifer Palmieri,
now Director of Communications for the Clinton campaign, and a fellow at
Podesta's Center for American Progress. Podesta's refusal to raise any objection
makes him equally party to this bigotry. It is inexcusable. It is shameful. It
is un-American.



 Historically, Evangelicals and Catholics have had significant theological
differences, dating back to the Protestant Reformation. In spite of those
differences there has been a mutual respect for one another and an ability to
work together on important issues of mutual concern.



 The WikiLeaks emails reveal a contempt for all traditional Christians, and we
are - Catholic and Evangelical - united in our outrage and united in our call
for Mrs. Clinton to immediately apologize for the Christophobic behavior of her
associates.



 Signed,



 Alex-St. James



 Andrea Lafferty



 Andresen Blom



 Bill Millis



 Bob Feathers



 Bob McEwen



 Bob Williamson



 Carlton Smith



 Charles Mifsud



 Cheryl Blakely



 Colin Hanna



 Dan Cummins



 Dean Nelson



 Don Browstein



 Dallas Eggemeyer



 Darrell Scott



 Dave Durell



 Deacon Keith Fournier



 Denver Sallee



 Diana L. Banister



 Diane Gramley



 Dix Winston, III



 Donn S. Chapman



 Don Wehr



 Donovan Larkins



 Richard Land



 Edward Mallonee



 Elaine Donnelly



 Everett Piper, PhD



 Everett Spencer



 Gabriel R. Llanes



 Gary Dull



 Gary L. Bauer



 Jack Graham



 James Dobson, PhD



 James Lafferty



 James Robison



 Janice Shaw Crouse, Ph.D.



 Jeff Haygood



 Jentezen Franklin



 Jerry A. Johnson, Ph.D.



 Jim Garlow



 John Zmirak



 Joseph Cella



 Kelly Monroe Kullberg



 Kevin Freeman



 Linda Cattani



 Lou Murray



 Louis P. Sheldon



 M. Jane Richey



 Marilyn Crisafi



 Mathew D. Staver



 Matt Schlapp



 Maureen Bravo



 Michael J. Bowen



 Michael Phillips



 Michele Bachmann



 Mike Evans



 Molly Smith



 Pastor Dale Walker



 Pastor Mark Burns



 Paul Zeltwanger



 Paula White



 Ralph Reed



 Richard Saccone



 Robert Jeffress



 Peter Hwang



 Robert Morris



 Ronnie Floyd



 S. Bryan Hickox



 Sam Casey



 Samuel Rodriguez



 Sandy Rios



 Sealy Yates



 Steve Mosher



 Steve Reiter



 Sue Means



 Ted Baehr



 Terry Beatley



 Terry Clark



 Tim Wildmon



 William A. Estrada, Esq.



 Rodney Howard Brown



 Don Colbert



 Mary Colbert



 Perry Stone



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              881 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 14, 2016 Friday

Washington: Christian Leaders Alarmed By Overt Anti-Christian Bigotry Within The
Clinton Campaign

LENGTH: 502  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Donald J. Trump has issued the following news
release:



 "We Are - Catholic And Evangelical - United In Our Outrage And United In Our
Call For Mrs. Clinton To Immediately Apologize For The Christophobic Behavior Of
Her Associates."





 LOS ANGELES, CA - As Christian leaders, Catholic and Evangelical, we
collectively express our outrage at the demeaning and troubling rhetoric used by
those within Secretary Clinton's campaign - and those associated with the
campaign - to describe our communities.





 Recently released emails clearly ridicule, demean and smear Roman Catholics and
Evangelicals. It is especially alarming that the Chairman of the Clinton
Campaign, John Podesta, was copied on these emails between Jennifer Palmieri,
now Director of Communications for the Clinton campaign, and a fellow at
Podesta's Center for American Progress. Podesta's refusal to raise any objection
makes him equally party to this bigotry. It is inexcusable. It is shameful. It
is un-American.



 Historically, Evangelicals and Catholics have had significant theological
differences, dating back to the Protestant Reformation. In spite of those
differences there has been a mutual respect for one another and an ability to
work together on important issues of mutual concern.



 The WikiLeaks emails reveal a contempt for all traditional Christians, and we
are - Catholic and Evangelical - united in our outrage and united in our call
for Mrs. Clinton to immediately apologize for the Christophobic behavior of her
associates.



 Signed,



 Alex-St. James



 Andrea Lafferty



 Andresen Blom



 Bill Millis



 Bob Feathers



 Bob McEwen



 Bob Williamson



 Carlton Smith



 Charles Mifsud



 Cheryl Blakely



 Colin Hanna



 Dan Cummins



 Dean Nelson



 Don Browstein



 Dallas Eggemeyer



 Darrell Scott



 Dave Durell



 Deacon Keith Fournier



 Denver Sallee



 Diana L. Banister



 Diane Gramley



 Dix Winston, III



 Donn S. Chapman



 Don Wehr



 Donovan Larkins



 Richard Land



 Edward Mallonee



 Elaine Donnelly



 Everett Piper, PhD



 Everett Spencer



 Gabriel R. Llanes



 Gary Dull



 Gary L. Bauer



 Jack Graham



 James Dobson, PhD



 James Lafferty



 James Robison



 Janice Shaw Crouse, Ph.D.



 Jeff Haygood



 Jentezen Franklin



 Jerry A. Johnson, Ph.D.



 Jim Garlow



 John Zmirak



 Joseph Cella



 Kelly Monroe Kullberg



 Kevin Freeman



 Linda Cattani



 Lou Murray



 Louis P. Sheldon



 M. Jane Richey



 Marilyn Crisafi



 Mathew D. Staver



 Matt Schlapp



 Maureen Bravo



 Michael J. Bowen



 Michael Phillips



 Michele Bachmann



 Mike Evans



 Molly Smith



 Pastor Dale Walker



 Pastor Mark Burns



 Paul Zeltwanger



 Paula White



 Ralph Reed



 Richard Saccone



 Robert Jeffress



 Peter Hwang



 Robert Morris



 Ronnie Floyd



 S. Bryan Hickox



 Sam Casey



 Samuel Rodriguez



 Sandy Rios



 Sealy Yates



 Steve Mosher



 Steve Reiter



 Sue Means



 Ted Baehr



 Terry Beatley



 Terry Clark



 Tim Wildmon



 William A. Estrada, Esq.



 Rodney Howard Brown



 Don Colbert



 Mary Colbert



 Perry Stone



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              882 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             hollywoodreporter.com

                             March 25, 2016 Friday

North Carolina Lawmaker on Hollywood Boycott Call: "I Don't Think Critics Have
Even Read the Bill"

BYLINE: Paul Bond

SECTION: NEWS; TAG

LENGTH: 1365  words


Hollywood is up in arms over the possibility the governor of Georgia might sign
a religious freedom law it considers anti-gay, and now it is also setting its
sights on North Carolina, which has already enacted House Bill 2.


On Wednesday, Gov. Pat McCrory of North Carolina signed the legislation,
designed to prevent cities, towns and counties from passing anti-discrimination
rules beyond certain standards set by the state.


It also requires that bathrooms and locker rooms in public schools and colleges
and in government buildings be designated for use only by people based on their
biological sex.


Critics, including the MPAA, say the law demeans transsexuals and the LGBT
community. Rob Reiner blasted state Republicans and swore he wouldn't film there
until the recently enacted law is repealed.


The Hollywood Reporter spoke to one of the main forces behind the new law, North
Carolina Lt. Gov. Dan Forest.


Read MoreGeorgia&#039;s Filmmakers Fear Consequences of Anti-Gay Bill Becoming
Law


How did this law come to pass?


The city of Charlotte passed an ordinance allowing transgender people to go into
the bathroom of their choice. What it did in reality, though, was open up men's
and women's bathrooms to anybody for any reason, using the excuse that they feel
one gender on one day and a different gender another day. It really created a
loophole for men to go into women's bathrooms, locker rooms and shower
facilities, even in schools. Anyone with a nefarious purpose could go in and it
would be legal to do so. It stretched way beyond Charlotte's legal authority, so
we had a special session to deal with this after an outcry of tens of thousands
of people across the state telling us to keep our women safe.


Who called the special session?


There's two ways to do it. The governor can call it, but he didn't. So we got
three-fifths of the House and Senate to sign off on it, then the speaker of the
House and the president of the Senate called the session, and as the lieutenant
governor, I am the president of the Senate.


Does the bill go beyond bathrooms?


It regulates public accommodations across the state so that every business in
every different municipality doesn't have to hire a lawyer to figure out the
law. Then it established a uniform anti-discrimination policy that is stronger
than federal law, and it says cities and towns couldn't set their own minimum
wage. So basically it was about uniform business codes, because in this
Charlotte ordinance there was all sorts of stuff twisted in there about
employment and contract law that we had to deal with.


What part of the bill is called anti-gay?


I don't know because I don't think critics have even read the bill. What you see
on Twitter is that it's discriminatory, but it's actually anti-discriminatory. I
guess the LGBT community thinks the law discriminates against them because it
says you have to use the bathroom of your birth-certificate sex. But there's
also a provision that if you are fully transgender and have changed your birth
certificate you can use that bathroom, and we also let businesses make these
decisions for themselves. What we said is that a city or county cannot tell a
business that they have to do it one way or the other.


So the objection to this bill is about bathrooms and there's nothing about
bakers, caterers, clergy performing same-sex marriages, religious freedom or
anything along those lines?


Correct. I know the critics don't even know why we had to come back into session
to deal with this, and we had overwhelming support across the state for this.
I've never seen anything like it. Again, if you change your gender on your birth
certificate, that's the facility you can use.


Rob Reiner says you and the governor and the rest of the Republicans in the
state are full of "hate, bigotry and discrimination" and he won't film there
until the law is repealed.


This Republican versus Democrat stuff is ridiculous. In fact, half the Democrats
in the House voted in favor of the bill. In the Senate it was unanimous because
the Democrats walked out. My guess is half would have voted in favor of it, so
that's why they walked out. It's a whole lot of hullabaloo from the LGBT
community and the Human Rights Campaign about something they either haven't read
or have chosen to blow up into an election-year issue. All the bill did was
protect women and children in bathrooms.


Does it bother you if Rob Reiner doesn't film there?


It bothers me that he hasn't seen the light about this issue and that he doesn't
know that the people of North Carolina aren't discriminating against anybody.
The South gets a bad rap about a lot of things, but the South is a great place
to live. There's Southern hospitality here and we take care of one another. So
it does bother me that he's thinking out of ignorance. He's listening to a few
people who are lying to him.


The HRC says your bill "was fast-tracked to enshrine discrimination into law in
North Carolina." Was it fast-tracked?


A special session lasts a day or two. The bill is already crafted, you have
committee meetings and then you vote. There was a whole lot of time spent on
this bill with all kinds of legal mumbo jumbo to make sure we didn't overstep
boundaries. This was all done over many days. I guess the HRC is trying to tell
people we were putting one over on them, but that wasn't the case at all.


The NBA seems like it's threatening to pull the 2017 All-Star Game in Charlotte
over the law.


Legally letting sexual predators into a girl's bathroom - this is what the NBA
thinks is a good idea? I guarantee you the NBA doesn't know anything about this.
They never do. They get their diversity representatives to tweet out something
so they can play political correctness to the masses. But if the Charlotte
Hornets want to have bathrooms in their arena for everybody to share, they can
do that. The bill gives businesses freedom to do whatever they want. We just
told cities that schools have to have bathrooms assigned to boys and girls. The
government has to abide by that, but the NBA and Hollywood productions and
American Airlines and any other business can do what they want.


If all Hollywood bashes North Carolina constantly through the media and refuses
to film there, will you change the law?


Absolutely not. We've never made a law based on what Hollywood wants. That would
certainly be the wrong way for us to do policy. We base it on what's right and
what's wrong. Allowing sexual predators and pedophiles into girl's bathrooms
with my wife and daughter would not be a good thing. If Hollywood doesn't like
that, I'm sorry. But the reality is, Hollywood hasn't read the bill.


People who read what you just said may accuse you of saying the LGBT community
is full of sexual predators and pedophiles.


That is what the activists like to argue, but, no, I don't know of anyone on our
side who has ever said that. What we're saying is that a loophole Charlotte
created would allow it to happen. That's the shame of it. Charlotte lawmakers
knew it. They were told by their lawyers, and they passed it anyway.


Can the state afford to fight this war against Hollywood, professional sports,
Apple, Google, American Airlines and other big businesses?


That's a fantasy. North Carolina is a great state for business and everybody
knows it. We created about 270,000 new jobs since our administration has been in
place. We moved from 40th in business-tax climate to 15th in one year.
Businesses will continue to move here, and the businesses that are complaining
right now will continue to do business in this great state.


Have the local LGBT activists weighed in?


Of course. I put them with the HRC and other folks who are clamoring for
equality, knowing that it's not really what they want. They're looking for their
demands to be met and they don't care about the others in the state who don't
agree with them.


[Editor's note: THR asked Rob Reiner to respond to Forest's assertion that he
does not understand the law that he objects to and the filmmaker responded with
the following statement: "This law is so discriminatory that Dow Chemical and I
are on the same side. That ought to tell you something about how unjust it is."]


Email: Paul.Bond@THR.com

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: ONLINE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                  Copyright 2016 Prometheus Global Media, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              883 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             July 28, 2015 Tuesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

William Styron's best stands the test of time

BYLINE: Matt Damsker, Special for USA TODAY

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 534 words


MY GENERATION: COLLECTED NONFICTION

*** out of four

By William Styron,

edited by James L.W. West III

Random House 585 pp.

By  his death in 2006, William Styron had lived large in American letters,
producing major novels and affecting memoirs and garnering the sort of rewards
and recognition -- from best-selling fame to the Pulitzer Prize -- that kept him
in step with such contemporaries as Philip Roth, John Updike and Norman Mailer.

By now, some critics are quick to demean Styron as a stuffier master than those
mercurial peers, and there's some truth to that, especially in his non-fiction,
collected definitively in My Generation. In retrospect, Styron seemed destined
for such dismissal.

Born in Tidewater, Va., he grew up a paragon of white privilege, a Southern
gentleman whose grandmother Marianna owned slaves.

If this racial legacy put Styron somewhat on the defensive as a mid-20th century
voice, he responded with deeply humanistic, soul-searching art. His masterworks,
Sophie's Choice and The Confessions of Nat Turner, potently engaged the
enormities of the Holocaust and American slavery.

The latter novel, based on Nat Turner's bloody slave revolt of 1831, was
condemned by a score of  critics soon after its publication in 1967. They
decried the liberties Styron took with the historical record, but mostly they
vilified him for daring to write from a black slave's point of view. As Styron
put it in a 1992 essay, "I would experience almost total alienation from black
people, be stung by their rage, and finally be cast as an archenemy of the race,
having unwittingly created one of the first politically incorrect texts of our
time."

Styron writes passionately of the racial storm he weathered. Indeed, the beating
heart of My Generation is his ambivalence about his Southern roots. The dozen or
so essays that address his Tidewater origins and his haunted sense of blood
complicity in the history of American racism are unflinching.

"The Negro may feel that it is too late be known," he wrote in 1965 for Harper's
magazine, "and that the desire to know him reeks of outrageous condescension.
But to break down the old law, to come to know the Negro, has become the moral
imperative of every white Southerner."

Styron is at his most eloquent and most moving in these solipsistic essays,
which include his meditative writings on the Nazi horror, Hiroshima or his
battle with depression. One of the most entertaining pieces is a chronicle of
his extended stay at a military hospital when, as a naval recruit during World
War II, he was incorrectly diagnosed with syphilis by a puritanical medical
officer.

Inevitably, there are perfunctory, blandly engaged pieces that don't wear very
well. But at its most accomplished, Styron's non-fiction mixes a conscientious,
richly traditional prose style with a strong current of fellow feeling, a
certain awe at the human condition, which is what gives power to his best
fiction.

What's missing is the stylistic audacity and experimental edge of the other
Great White Males of his day, as well as of such visionary black authors as
James Baldwin and Ralph Ellison.

Nonetheless, Styron stood tall in his generation, and the best of him will stand
over time.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo MYCHELE DANIAU, AFP/Getty Images

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BOOK REVIEW

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2015 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              884 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              July 23, 2007 Monday
                                  Main Edition

READERS WRITE

BYLINE: ROB HARRIS, FRANCIS MCCULLOUGH, LILLIAN DOBBS; For the
Journal-Constitution

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 379 words


Liberals still a major threat

How can Jay Bookman absorb only the portions of the recent National Intelligence
Estimate report that reflect negatively on the administration ("After six years,
al-Qaida still a major threat," @issue, July 19)?

Never mind that the same report Bookman uses to demean U.S. efforts since 9/11
also noted that terrorists perceive America as a tougher target since 2001; we
have disrupted known plots in America and abroad since 2001; and we have
constrained al-Qaida's abilities to attack America.

For liberals like Bookman, any opportunity is a good opportunity to bash the
administration and declare military defeat. He embodies the central problem with
the American left --- they lost the nerve to wage a real war with real
consequences decades ago. While liberals long for the Clintonian days of world
admiration and weak-kneed counterterrorism, the NIE suggests a diminished
al-Qaida is still as determined as ever to destroy us.

ROB HARRIS, Gainesville

Spend state surplus on fixing Grady

In the skirmishing about how to spend the surplus of state revenue, here is a
suggestion: Nothing better could be done with part of the money than to fix the
problems of Grady Hospital.

The importance of Grady is not just in the service it renders to indigent
patients in the metropolitan area; its importance to the state as a training
facility cannot be measured.

The state cannot afford to let Grady go down the tubes.

FRANCIS McCULLOUGH, Decatur

Fight back --- forsake the Falcons

Animal abuse is just as horrendous a crime as child abuse, and it should be
treated as such ("Dogfighting: A shadow world of bloodlust," Page One, July 20).

Michael Vick, if convicted, should be penalized to the fullest extent of the
law, along with his associates. An animal does not have a choice but to survive,
and just as a child cries out in pain, so does an animal that is abused. It
saddens me tremendously that people enjoy seeing this type sport. I look at my
pit bull and tears come to my eyes to think one of his kind is training to fight
or die.

I pray other dog owners will strike where it hurts Michael Vick and the Atlanta
Falcons the most --- by not attending the football games. I know I won't be
there along with my friends, and their friends.

LILLIAN DOBBS, Winder

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: 2004 photo / StaffAs well as being a lifeline for indigent
patients in the metro area, Grady Hospital --- in dire financial straits --- is
vital to the state as a teaching facility./ImageData*

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letters

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2007 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              885 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           The Ledger (Lakeland, FL)

                             July 5, 2003, Saturday

GO WIPE YOUR NOSE: LAJOIE'S COMMENTS DEMEAN NEMECHEK; AUTO RACING

BYLINE: JOHN BARKER Ledger Correspondent

SECTION: Sports; Pg. C7

LENGTH: 651 words


Auto racing does have its pitfalls -- like being fired from a racing team -- but
most competitors quickly recover by getting back in step with the modern times.

One of the most recent cases of getting pink-slipped was Randy LaJoie of Evans
Motorsports, who was terminated by team owner Ed Evans of Tampa from his No. 7
Kleenex ride.

"We appreciate the contribution that Randy LaJoie has made to Evans Motorsports
and it is unfortunate that the team has not performed better," said Evans.

"Regarding the circumstances of LaJoie's termination, we have no comment other
than to say that, as with all business decisions made at Evans Motorsports, this
one was reached after much careful deliberation and carried out in a
professional and legally appropriate manner."

The Ledger was unable to reach LaJoie. What follows comes from radio comments he
made.

It should be made clear that, to the best of my knowledge, this Evans
Motorsports team is owned by Evans and not NEMCO Motorsports based in
Mooresville, N.C.

NEMCO is owned by Winston Cup driver Joe Nemechek of Lakeland. Evans Motorsports
is attached with NEMCO basically for motor and engineering benefits.

LaJoie's recent statements on the Benny Parson nationally broadcasted radio show
on the Performance Racing Network were not really quite up to par for a two-time
Grand National champion.

He chose to slam NEMCO Motorsports as the basic culprit without much merit
Monday night.

LaJoie also spoke of Nemechek assuming control of the team and that certain cuts
would have to be made and his pay would decrease, but that he never complained.

It was never stated by LaJoie that Nemechek had purchased the Evans team, or if
or when that might happen.

According to LaJoie, he also had major complaints about poor engines and about
the understanding that you should never beat the red car (No. 87, Nemechek's
ride). He also felt his Kleenex sponsor was short-changed.

I take exception to all these slamming comments about NEMCO and Nemechek.

Those statements by LaJoie are hogwash and he had best remember, as they say in
racing circles (usually in saltier language), that you never turn around in the
early morning hours and relieve yourself inside the tepee.

"It is our expectation that having myself and Greg Biffle and possibly other
drivers driving the car for the remainder of the year will help deliver more
exposure and better performance for Kimberly-Clark," said Nemechek.

Many drivers need to understand that marketing is now a primary factor in driver
keeping his job.

Successful motorsports marketing is the ability to transfer on-track excitement
to retail shelf sales. Driving is just part of the overall racing commitment.

LaJoie ran at Milwaukee last week in the GNC 250, finishing 11th. He is 16th in
the 2003 Busch Grand National Series points standings with two top-five and four
top-10 finishes. There are a couple of poles won by him as well this season at
Nashville, Tenn., and Nazareth, Pa.

LaJoie hasn't won a Busch race since 2001, the season-opening Daytona race, and
he ended that year 12th in points. The following season he was 11th in year-end
points.

LaJoie has 17 Grand National wins and is also the Grand National Series leading
money winner, so more should have been expected of this racing professional than
complaining to race fans how he was shafted.

"This sport is performance-driven, and the performance of the team had fallen
off from the standard that we have come to expect from everyone associated with
our operation," said Brian Pattie, team manager of NEMCO Motorsports.

The racing credentials are all there as far as past performance, but the past
doesn't wash today's sponsorship failures.

LaJoie better use a Kleenex and wipe his nose and move on, because there is no
sympathy from here.

John Barker's racing column appears Saturdays in The Ledger.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2003 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                              886 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 22, 2002 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Bellowing, Traficant Launches His Defense;
Lawmaker Assails Judge, Prosecutors, Witnesses

BYLINE: Robert E. Pierre, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 1185 words

DATELINE: CLEVELAND March 21


Yelling until he was hoarse, Rep. James A. Traficant Jr. opened his formal
defense today in the federal bribery, racketeering and tax evasion case that
could force him to trade the halls of Congress for a jail cell.

Traficant, who is acting as his own counsel, repeatedly bellowed at U.S.
District Judge Lesley B. Wells, accusing her of trying to ruin his case by
excluding his evidence. And the Youngstown Democrat glared at prosecutors,
charging that they were bullying his witnesses and going to unusual lengths to
make him look bad.

"I don't want the prosecution to ever speak to me again, nor demean me, nor
intimidate me," Traficant said this afternoon, his voice trembling and his
finger wagging at Assistant U.S. Attorney Craig Morford. "I'm either going to
jail or he's going to jail. . . . He has intimidated my constituents. This is
the congressman speaking, not the defendant."

Wells interjected: "Well, do that in Congress. Don't do it in this courtroom."

It was a typical exchange in the seventh week of a public spectacle that is as
much courtroom carnival as trial. And it's not surprising considering that the
nine-term House member is known as one of the nation's quirkiest politicians.
Shunned by both Democrats and Republicans, Traficant remains well-loved in
Ohio's 17th Congressional District, mainly because he is viewed as a champion of
the little guy.

Traficant, 60, appears confident defending himself, perhaps because he's done it
before. Hometown jurors cleared him of racketeering charges in 1983 after he
convinced them that the $ 163,000 he took in mob money was part of an undercover
operation he had been running as sheriff.

A year later, he was elected to Congress. Now, in court, he's looking for a
repeat performance as he fights for his political life.

After six weeks of testimony, the government rested its case this afternoon. A
slew of witnesses, including former employees and constituents, testified that
Traficant shook them down for money, forced them to work on his farm for free
and then avoided paying taxes on the extra income he had swindled.

Throughout, the lawmaker has remained his boisterous self. This week alone,
Traficant interrupted a government witness to call him a liar, ridiculed
prosecutors during a recess as "wimps" and repeatedly charged that the federal
government has been out to get him since the 1983 acquittal on racketeering
charges.

Each day, to prosecutors' irritation, Traficant emerges from the Federal
Courthouse in downtown Cleveland for an informal news conference.

"They have failed to corroborate any evidence of any sort with physical
documentation," said Traficant at one appearance this week. "I believe they have
not made their case. They have failed to corroborate any evidence of any sort
with physical documentation." And after a few more questions, he said: "Now get
out my face."

The moody relationship Traficant has with reporters covering the trial is
similar to the ones he has with Wells and prosecutors, who refer to him in court
as "Congressman."

One moment, the mood is playful, with Traficant chatting with the courtroom
sketch artist about her drawings of him, or asking one of the prosecutors about
the outcome of an NCAA basketball tournament game.

But when the gavel sounds, there is palpable tension in the air -- as when
Youngstown businessman J.J. Cafaro took the stand toward the end of the
prosecution's case. Cafaro testified that he paid for $ 24,000 worth of repairs
to Traficant's run-down houseboat and then gave Traficant $ 13,000 in cash for
it -- but never took possession of the boat.

In exchange, Cafaro said, Traficant lobbied the Federal Aviation Administration
to approve a runway lighting system built by his Manassas, Va.-based company.

"You are lying under oath," Traficant shouted at Cafaro.

Wells instructed the jury to disregard the statement and called for a recess.

Next, Traficant took out his wrath on Internal Revenue Service agent Bruce Hess,
the final witness in the government's case. Hess testified that Traficant failed
to report $ 78,000 in gifts and kickbacks. Traficant is no fan of the agency and
has frequently railed against it on the floor of the House.

After constant grilling, Traficant derisively asked Hess if he was even familiar
with the IRS code. At another point during his cross-examination, he asked these
questions in succession: "Did you ever work on my farm? . . . Did I ever hug
you? . . . Did you ever hug me?"

The latter two were apparently a reference to the government's contention that
it never put a surveillance wire on anyone involved with Traficant because he is
so "touchy-feely."

But Traficant appeared proudest of a line of questioning that ended this way:
"Mr. Hess, is it a fact that you don't know a damn thing about this case other
than what they [prosecutors] gave you?"

"That's true," Hess responded. Traficant caught up with him in the hallway
afterward to shake his hand and say, "Nothing personal."

Talking to reporters afterward, Traficant bragged: "The last thing I need is an
attorney. I think I've got a pretty good one."

There are often moments of tedium in the trial, with Traficant shuffling through
papers and pausing for a long time between asking questions of witnesses. But he
also delivers plenty of one-liners, some that have the jurors, judge and
courtroom marshals struggling, sometimes unsuccessfully, to keep from laughing.

Today, for instance, he told the judge that he had no obligation to defend
himself against the charges. But he used much more colorful language. "I could
sit there and pass gas, quite frankly," he said -- a comment that, like many of
his outbursts, was not heard by the jury.

He often refers to himself, in rapid succession, as "me," "the congressman" and
"Traficant." And since the trial started, he has accused the government,
including Wells, of trying to railroad him with bogus facts.

"This case should be thrown out on Superior Avenue," he said, referring to the
downtown Cleveland street outside the courthouse.

But both Wells and prosecutors, who have advised him to hire legal counsel,
appear to be tiring of Traficant's routine. Prosecutors, often exasperated and
shaking their heads, called on the judge today to do something about it. "What
he is doing is a pattern of suggesting that he's not getting a fair shake in
front of the jury," said Morford, the lead prosecutor on the case.

Wells chastised Traficant for not being fully prepared to present his case and
for being unfamiliar with legal procedures. He has not provided opposing counsel
or the court with required information.

Only today, he gave them a partial list of the witnesses he plans to call -- and
has not yet decided if he will take the stand himself. If he does, Wells has
instructed Traficant that he will have to ask himself a question, give
prosecutors an opportunity to object, wait for her ruling and then say "answer"
before responding.

If that happens, it could be quite a show.

"I never do anything without a reason," Traficant told reporters. "The courtroom
is a theater."

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                              887 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 THE AUSTRALIAN

                             May 6, 1999, Thursday

IOC dossiers demean Sydney's bid

SOURCE: MATP

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 561 words


THE squeaky-clean image of the Sydney 2000 Olympics evaporated some time ago, so
why are we surprised at the latest allegations of dossiers being created on
individual International Olympic Committee delegates? In a situation where those
associated with the securing of the Games for Sydney employed a "whatever it
takes"

mentality and, even today, deflect criticism by saying "so what", the capacity
of revelations to shock is limited. Yet the concept of creating dossiers, with
its connotation of spying and retelling of gossip and with the clear aim of
identifying people who could be manipulated, takes scepticism about the Sydney
bid committee to new heights. It cannot now be argued with any credibility that
Sydney won the Olympics solely on its merits.

Whoever in the Sydney bid committee authorised the compilation of the dossiers,
it is the hapless and seemingly grasping Phil Coles who is exposed as their
author. Mr Coles by his actions has become an intense embarrassment to the Games
organising committee and, it may safely be said, to most Australians. He should
in all decency do what The Australian recommended months ago and resign his
Olympic jobs. His reputation is in tatters -it cannot be restored by him staying
on and meanwhile Australia's reputation as host nation suffers.

But there is another issue: the involvement of the Department of Foreign Affairs
and Trade in what can only be described as a dubious information gathering
exercise. (Two years ago Australia's relations with South Pacific nations were
severely compromised by the inadvertent disclosure of government-produced
assessments of visiting ministers.) There is no question that, with the prospect
of hosting such an internationally important event as the Olympics, governments
are involved -and they should be. It would be disingenuous, for instance, to
disregard the immense efforts of the Chinese Government to secure the 2000
Olympics for Beijing or of the Greek Government in the bid for the centenary
Olympics. Hosting an Olympic Games is a matter of intense national prestige.

Yet since the first self-funding Games in Los Angeles in 1984, the role of
government has become overshadowed by the commercial opportunities offered by
the selection of a city for the world's biggest sporting competition. So whether
Australia's diplomats should have been involved in gathering tittle-tattle,
particularly for the use of a non-government organisation, is moot. Many an
organisation holding events in Australia seeks help from government to secure
influence through our diplomatic offices. But few appear to have been so overt
as the Sydney bid committee in demanding intelligence on who might be subverted
to the cause.

Even so, by far the most disturbing aspect of the documents (particularly those
sourced to diplomats) is that they were subsequently provided -by whatever means
and in whatever circumstances -to a foreign company bidding for the Winter
Olympics to be held at Salt Lake City. It is one thing for information provided
through Australia's diplomatic outposts to become part of a bid for Olympics in
this country; it is quite another for such information to be provided to foreign
interests for their own commercial opportunities. It is not only the Sydney bid
committee's reputation that has suffered; it is Australia's good name overseas.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 1999 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              888 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               October 11, 1998, Sunday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Big push sets up agonizing crash

BYLINE: JOHN ROMANO

SECTION: SPORTS; BASEBALL; Pg. 5C

LENGTH: 719 words

DATELINE: SAN DIEGO



A quick exit from the playoffs should not demean the accomplishments of a
six-month regular season.

Unless you're an Astros fan. Then feel free to act cheated.

When Houston went out whimpering against the Braves in 1997, it was  excusable.
The Astros were new to the playoffs, they were not a payroll-juiced
heavyweight.

The thing is, Astros ownership and management responded. They got a proven
post-season hero in Moises Alou. They got a bona fide ace pitcher in Randy
Johnson. And in return they got waxed in the first round. Again.

Leave it to Astros centerfielder Carl Everett to overstate the obvious in  the
four-game loss to San Diego.

"We should be embarrassed," Everett said. "We got beat by a team that  was a lot
older and a lot slower. Their bones are breaking. They basically  crawled onto
the field and beat us. It's a shame."

The shame is that Houston was not felled by injuries or a weak bench or a  fluke
occurrence. It lost in 1998 for the same reason it lost in 1997: Its  best
hitters did not show up.

Jeff Bagwell, Craig Biggio and Derek Bell combined to hit .054 in a  three-game
sweep last year. Those same three plus Alou weighed in with a  robust .158
average against the Padres.

It has to hurt even more in Houston to see the Braves quickly fall behind  San
Diego in the National League Championship Series. The Astros, who won a
club-record 102 games, believed they  could topple the Braves.

"This one stings a lot," Biggio said. "This hurts. I'm not going to lie.  Last
year, we were just happy to be in the playoffs. This year, we had an  excellent
team, and this isn't the way we thought it would end."

HUIZENGA WEST: The Rockies say they will not stop with the record contract
given to new manager Jim Leyland. Owner Jerry McMorris hinted he would be
active in the free-agent market, leading to speculation Mike Piazza could be
heading to Colorado. "We didn't bring in a guy like Jim Leyland to be in the
middle of the pack," McMorris said.

THE GOSSIP GAME: The Dodgers seem resigned to losing closer Jeff Shaw, who  can
demand a trade or become a free agent in spring training. They reportedly  are
looking at trades for Randy Myers or Ricky Bottalico. Paul Konerko, the
minor-league phenom the Reds acquired from Los Angeles in the Shaw deal, could
be on the move again. The Reds like Sean Casey at first base and Konerko has
not shown the ability to play outfield or third base. Alou is talking as if he
will return to Houston, although that could change if his father, Felipe, ends
up managing Los Angeles. Alou, like Shaw, can demand a trade since he was  dealt
in the middle of a multiyear contract.

BIG (WHINING) UNIT: It's official. The Mariners would have been better off  this
season without Johnson's crybaby act. Seattle was 48-59 with Johnson on  the
roster. After dealing the game's most dominant pitcher, it remarkably got
better with a 28-25 finish.

AT EASE: John Boles appeared a little overwhelmed when he was brought out  of
the front office to become Florida's interim manager midway through 1996.  Now
that he is back in the dugout as the full-time skipper, he appears much  more
relaxed. Asked if he was better prepared than in '96, Boles deadpanned:  "I'd be
a lot better prepared if we still had Kevin Brown, Al Leiter, Gary  Sheffield "

THE REF: Blue Jays GM Gord Ash is calling a meeting to discuss the apparent
hostilities between manager Tim Johnson and pitching coach Mel Queen. When
Johnson  became manager last season, he inherited Queen, who has been with the
organization since 1986 and is close to Ash. "The conflict, if you want to  call
it that, is not so great that it is detrimental to the club," Queen  said. "When
the game starts, I do what I can to win the game. At that point  any differences
between us are put aside."

TIMING IS EVERYTHING: How do you extend the contract of a general manager  after
six straight losing seasons? Very quietly. When the Brewers gave Sal  Bando a
three-year extension, they went out of their way to be low-key. There  was no
news conference and the news release was issued the day the Packers  played the
Vikings in a key NFL matchup.

- Information from other news organizations was used in this report.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                              889 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           January 30, 1993 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

FAR FROM `PUBLICITY HOG,' GRAHAM CARES ABOUT CITY

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 20A

LENGTH: 1649 words


In response to articles about West Palm Beach Mayor Nancy Graham's anti-

prostitution campaign, my 10 years of living in Northwood have made me

keenly aware of the situation. Our city government has been trying to respond to
this problem for 20 years. Fortunately, we finally have a leader with

enough guts and, thanks to the city's voters, enough power to tackle the

problem head-on.

Those residents and my fellow commissioners who wish to demean the mayor's
actions by calling her "a publicity hog" should get the facts straight.

Mayor Graham responded to a loud cry from members of the Northwood

Neighborhood Association and Northwood Area Business Association. They were

marching on Broadway to garner attention. The mayor joined the marches,

analyzed the situation and concluded that prostitution was merely the tip of

the iceberg. Its effects reach much deeper, into drug dealing, burglaries,

assaults, neighborhood devaluation and now the spread of acquired immune

deficiency syndrome, among other diseases. She then went on the offensive

using the power of her office and the community.

I fully support Mayor Graham's efforts and will be glad to march with her in
Tallahassee. It's about time that we victims took the offensive.

Howard Warshauer, city commissioner

District 1

West Palm Beach

FOREIGN GRAD STUDENTS A PLUS FOR STATE

I work with many foreign graduate students and would like to comment on

recent articles that struck a note of alarm in reporting the large number of

foreigners receiving financial aid to study in Florida.

To remain competitive in science, engineering and other technical areas,

the United States must attract the best minds from throughout the world.

Historically, foreign scientists drawn to the U.S. have made major

contributions to American technology and defense. Many of the foreign graduate
students who are attending colleges and universities in the U.S. today will

decide to stay here for their entire professional lives, vastly enriching this
country's intellectual resources.

Qualified American applicants are welcomed by graduate schools but typically do
not present themselves in sufficient numbers to fill our needs.

Foreign students are not given money, as has been suggested. They work for their
assistantships. Because most are from poor countries, few would be able to come
to the U.S. to study without this aid. And these modestly paid

graduate assistants are a real bargain for Florida.

Be thankful we can attract talented foreign students. We are the

beneficiaries.

Franklin E. Schroeck Jr., professor of mathematics

Florida Atlantic University

Boca Raton

COLLEGES SHOULD ADMIT FLORIDIANS FIRST

Regarding your article on foreign students' receiving federal aid at state
universities: I have been concerned for many years with what I consider a more
pressing problem, the opportunity for a Florida high school student to attend
state schools. The University of Florida, for example, has cut back and capped
its enrollment. Grade point average and other test scores are used to control
enrollment.

Don't we want to educate students who will stay in Florida, pay taxes and make
positive contributions here? Any student graduating from a Florida high

school who meets the SAT and other test requirements for college entry should
have the first chance at enrollment in a state institution. Then, if room

remains, out-of-state and foreign students could enter Florida's higher

education system.

William E. Hill

West Palm Beach

DON'T PENALIZE NEWCOMERS WITH FEES

In response to stepped-up enforcement against new residents who keep their
out-of-state license plates on their cars too long, the state needs to realize
the many benefits derived from people who move into Florida. They bring their
money to spur the economy through purchases of homes, services, new cars,

gasoline, food and payment of taxes-- the list is endless.

So why does the state want to penalize them with an excessive fee to

register their cars here? Our legislators should be pressed to rescind this

law. Where would we all be without this influx of money-- especially in these
tough economic times?

J. Cutler

Stuart

PROTECT US AGAINST U.S. COMPANIES

It was recently reported that American manufacturers are seeking

protection against foreign competition. But who protects the American worker

from collusive agreements among companies to fix or even lower wages? Who

protects the American consumer against conspiratorial price gouging?

It's time companies "bit the bullet" and rid themselves of sweetheart

arrangements with their whining executive failures. Companies should be forced
to pay a price for the protection of their arrogant executives. That price

should come in the form of worker job security and training.

Why should anyone want to listen to the sob stories of rich, insensitive

clods? Such people seek to be understood while they refuse to understand.

Gerald H. Evans

Jupiter

A CRYING BABY SHOULDN'T BE IGNORED

I read with concern the article "Parents need to learn control when baby

cries" in a recent parenting column. While the essence of the column, that

parents shouldn't lash out at infants and toddlers when they cry, was

beneficial, I fear that the headline will lead many people to believe that

letting an infant cry it out is a good way to parent.

Crying is the only way a baby has to communicate with the world. When we

ignore a baby's cry, we teach him that he is not important. Many new parents

still believe that letting an infant cry teaches a baby independence, when in
fact the opposite is true.

Babies' crying often triggers an emotional response rather than a rational one.
But understanding why a baby cries may help some parents respond to their baby's
cry, rather than hurting or ignoring them.

Cheryl Snedeker

Jupiter

THIS OPPOSITION IS A RECOMMENDATION

Lloyd Bentsen is in as Treasury secretary, and Zoe Baird is out as

attorney general. The former Texas senator sailed right through his

confirmation hearing. Ms. Baird faced intense scrutiny and posturing from a

group of senators who couldn't withstand the same scrutiny.

Ralph Nader, the self-appointed consumer activist, and Barbara Jordan, a

professor at the LBJ School of Public Affairs, sealed the fate of Zoe Baird

when they issued public statements opposing her confirmation. I don't know

what kind of attorney general Zoe Baird might have been, but anyone who is

opposed by Ralph Nader and Barbara Jordan can't be all bad.

Charles O. Wey

Lake Worth

SPEEDING A WORSE CRIME THAN BAIRD'S

Everyone who exceeds the speed limit while driving a car commits a far

greater "crime" than the "crime" that Zoe Baird's detractors charged her

with. The speeding driver endangers the lives of himself and his passengers as
well as those of other drivers. Zoe's "crime" hurt not a single soul! Her

employment of "illegal aliens" did not enrich her.

She's not only an honest woman but one with enormous ability. American

justice was the loser!

Elena Isabel Passerman

West Palm Beach

EXAMINE KING HUSSEIN'S TRUE MOTIVES

The recent photograph of a poster showing King Hussein shaking hands with Saddam
Hussein, and the thousands attending a pro-Iraq demonstration in

Jordan, represent another "gate"-- Jordangate. We know that the military

supplies and economic aid given to Jordan over the years were shipped to our

enemy Iraq prior to and during Saddam's defiance of the United Nations'

sanctions during Desert Storm. It still continues.

Jordan's King Hussein is a defenseless but shrewd puppet who has been

deceiving the United States for many years. While he displays cowering

mannerisms, in reality, he supports his Arab neighbor in its goal of

destroying Israel. How long before we awaken to this hypocrite who talks of

peace and proclaims friendship but supports war?

Leon D. Rosenfeld

Boca Raton

REFUGEES ARE GOING TO SINK OUR BOAT

In the letter "Treatment of Haitians dismisses our own history," the

writer equates the time of the Pilgrims and our present time as one and the

same. This country was virgin territory then, with no population to speak of.
I'm not against true political asylum; I'm for the quota system that was

used when aliens had sponsors, a job and a place to live.

If we want to do what the writer suggests, why not let all the poor and

the oppressed into this country. Start with Haiti, the Latin America countries
the "new" Russia and China, which wouldn't miss even 2 million. Only so many

people can fit into a lifeboat, or we will all find ourselves capsized.

Peter Cardell

Boynton Beach

ADOPT ONE IMMIGRATION POLICY FOR ALL

Now that the Soviet empire has split up and is no longer a threat to the

United States or a supporter of Cuba, there is no reason to keep up our

sanctions against Cuba. Relaxing trade restrictions would help stop the

illegal entry of Cubans into this country, and, of course, the same would

apply to Haiti.

We should have only one immigration law-- "Come in legally, or not at

all"-- to apply to every country in the world. This nation must not be the

dumping ground for countries whose citizens desert their homelands and seek a
better place to live just for economic reasons.

Sol Lubitsch

West Palm Beach

ULTRASOUND IS BEST TEST FOR PROSTATE

A recent article in The Post regarding advances in medicine had a section on
prostatic cancer that caught my attention; I recently underwent a radical

prostatectomy.

In 20 percent of men, the prostate specific antigen blood test will not

show cancer even when it is present. The digital rectal exam can hardly be

called "invasive"; however, it will not detect early cancer.

The article didn't mention the most important test in the detection of

early cancer, the ultrasound X-ray. If your father or grandfather had prostate
cancer, at age 50 you have a 40 percent chance of getting prostate cancer.

My advice to this group is to have your first ultrasound at age 55, then

every three years after that. If you develop cancer, it will be detected

early, and you can get curative surgery as I did.

James J. Gibbons, M.D.

Singer Island\

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Letters to the Editor

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (MUG/HUSSEIN, KING; JORDAN, BARBARA)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 1993 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              890 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     October 25, 1987, Sunday, City Edition

B Bucs received respect only after winning

SECTION: SPORTS; Letters; Pg. 15C

LENGTH: 1348 words



Editor: The media, both visual and written, were quick to demean the
replacement NFL teams - especially Tom Zucco and Hubert Mizell. Now    that the
strike is over, and the B Bucs have improved the Bucs' record,    there have
been only accolades from fans and the hypocritical press.

     Speaking for the B Bucs to the A Bucs: "Don't screw up our    record " One
can't count out the fact that they may be back.

 Edward G. DiPanni Clearwater



   Editor: Oct. 19, 1987, means the real "scabs" report for practice.

 They are crossing the line without a contract. This makes them    "scabs." They
could have done this before going on strike. They could    have played and
received their pay and still worked on the new contact.

     They receive no sympathy. For men who have gone to college, they    are
mighty stupid. As for Gene Upshaw, put him on a plane and send him    anyplace
outside the U.S.A. He got his pay for doing nothing.

 George C. Limbert Largo



   Editor: Too bad, in a way, that the football strike didn't last    longer.
The crybabies deserved to withstand a few more payless paydays    for their
intransigence.

     On the other hand, it's better that the strike is over, because we    won't
have to see and hear the media (including this paper's scribes)    telling us
how much more competent the strikers (A's) are than the    fill-ins (B's).

     Considering that the B players had been out of football for months    or
years and had such a limited time to work together as a team, they    have been
remarkably capable.

     Several of the B teams would be very competitive with (or better    than) a
number of the so-called A teams.

     The media have had a wonderful time poking fun at the B's. Why    didn't
they do the same type of reporting when the A's were    incompetent?

     Frankly, I've enjoyed watching the B's; the percentage of close,
exciting games and the competence and incompetence have been on a par    with
the A's.

     So please, Hubert, Tom, et al, don't tell us any more about what an
inferior product the owners foisted on the public. (Did you watch the
all-fill-in Redskin B's outplay Dallas, with many of its top-drawer    regulars?

 Enough said.)    A.M. Haas Safety Harbor



   Editor: Monday night an all "B" team of Washington Redskins    defeated a
Dallas Cowboys team that consisted of many of their key    "A" team members. The
Redskins not only defeated Dallas, but    thoroughly dominated them

     Your sports writers have done a real injustice to those who have    played
the last three weeks by referring to them as "B" teams. Surely    how much
better to have referred to them as "replacement" players.

 But, then again, maybe you were right after all. "B" could stand for    better.


     Monday's game was certainly proof of that.

 Fred Langenheim Dunedin



   Editor: The football strike is finally over, and I'm a very happy    man. For
the last few weeks I have been a very lost soul on Sunday    afternoons. I
didn't know what to do, because I was on strike against    the "B Team" football
and I wanted to see real football. It seems    like all I know how to do on
Sundays is to watch the real NFL.

     Now that the strike is over and the players have learned a lesson,    I
would like to say I'm glad you're back. I love your passing and    running
style. I really missed you there for a while, and I hope you    never leave me
again. So good luck fellows, and may the best team win.

 Ricky Ramsey St. Petersburg



   Editor: This is one football fan who would not give a damn whether    that
group of overpaid prima donnas ever was able to return. It is an    absolute
disgrace that people who make that kind of money go out and    strike to try and
extort more. Half of them would qualify only to be    oyster shuckers if they
didn't have athletic ability.

  D.M. Eckert St. Petersburg



   Editor: Well, the "professional" football players have decided to    give us
a break and return to their "work."

     What a pity our society encourages our kids to idolize these    whining,
overpaid, egotistical, selfish "heroes." The children should    be shown to
realize that the real heroes in this world are the fathers    who go to work
every day of the entire year to earn one-twentienth of    what these supposed
stars are paid to pay bills and provide an    education and opportunities for
their kids.

     It's easy to be fooled when many of the players perform at    charitable
functions. They have the time and the money to donate. I've    heard and read
about some comments the striking players had for the    fans at the games. Their
true character and lack of class showed    through. I don't have kids yet, but
they'll be taught to keep heroism    in perspective.

 Ed Vollmer Tarpon Springs

 St. Petersburg has team: the baseball Cardinals



   Editor: In the past, I have written a couple of editorials    criticizing the
local news for giving all the attention to Eastern    teams and the "hot dog"
Mets.

     I now wish to compliment staff writer Bruce Lowitt on his sports    article
"Cardinals and Twins are something different."

     St. Petersburg needs to remember that the Cardinals are their    "kids." If
the people are looking for a major-league team for the new    stadium, they must
learn to support the baseball connections they have      in their minor-league
club.

     Let's also remember that the Cardinals' being in a World Series is    no
fluke. Maybe with exception of the Yankees, they have been there    more than
any other team - without grandstanders, and with the only hot    dogs being the
good ones at their refreshment stands.

 W.F. Miles Seminole

 Networks should lower crowd noise for viewers



   Editor: Kudos to Ruth Bonnell for speaking out about the tremendous    crowd
noise on televised sports (Oct. 18). I heartily agree that it is    terribly
overemphasized, and although an avid sports fan, I sometimes    give up and turn
the dial when I feel it's more than I can stand.

     It seems remiss that the sound engineers fail to see that these    sound
levels do not simulate those heard at the game. In a ballpark,    the spectator
is at times shouting along with the rest of the crowd,    the voices traveling
away from him and into the distant reaches of a    large park. At home, the
sound comes out of TV speakers facing you and    bounces all around the walls of
your 250-square-foot room. Senseless

     Yes, Ms. Bonnell, this can be controlled by more thoughtful    placement of
speakers or through the mixer.

     I certainly hope the broadcasters correct this and let me get back    to
real enjoyment of the games.

 Lloyd Carkeek Pinellas Park

 Wagner was greatest of the shortstops



   Editor: Is Hubert Mizell really serious when, in a recent column, he
states that Ozzie Smith's No. 1 uniform reflects his runaway ranking    among
all-time shortstops? Surely he jests. Honus Wagner's credentials    show him not
as only the sport's premier shortstop, but, arguably, as      baseball's
greatest player.

 Richard M. Bause Largo

 A vote for saying farewell to Dickerson



   Editor: An article in your paper stated that Eric Dickerson does not    want
to honor his contract to play for the Rams. "I'd play in Russia    if they had a
team," he said. I'll contribute to a fund to ship him    there.

 Bill Hoth Clearwater

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                            Times Publishing Company


                              891 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             April 29, 2007 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

OPEN FORUM

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. E-02

LENGTH: 518 words


Christo's latest Colo. plan

Re: "Artists submit plan to drape Arkansas River," April 26 news brief.

The artists Christo and Jeanne-Claude have submitted a plan to our state for
draping the Arkansas River in silver sheeting. It has been said that art, like
beauty, is in the eye of the beholder. In my mind's eye, there are at least two
good reasons why this is not art, and a complete waste of valuable resources:

1. The natural beauty of Colorado, famous worldwide, doesn't need artificial
enhancement.

2. The millions of dollars necessary for this project could be used for much
greater humanitarian benefit, such as starvation in Darfur and/or rehabilitation
in New Orleans.

Richard McCormack, Denver

What's good for Imus ...

Re: "Imus' comments are lesson for us all," April 22 Gail Schoettler column.

Gail Schoettler explains that Don Imus and his brand of commentary are not
acceptable. She is correct. She uses the terms "insulting," "demean," "ridicule"
and "humiliating." Each word describes how her usual columns, and those of other
Democrats, are written when attacking President Bush. I assume she will read her
own words and write about unifying the country and solving the problems before
us, instead of only producing diatribes.

George F. Hamlin, Littleton

Compassion for immigrants

Re: "Act on immigration," April 18 guest commentary.

I commend Archbishop Chalres Chaput for his guest commentary on the issue of
immigration. His statement closely echoes the position we have adopted, which
may be found at interfaithallianceco.org/publicpolicy.html.

We would uphold the archbishop's passionate yet reasoned appeal on this critical
issue as an example of the kind of leadership needed from religious communities
as we seek to find our way on many perplexing problems facing our society. He
addressed the issue from a reasoned and compassionate perspective with which
many people - both religious and non-religious - can agree, without appealing to
dogma.

We believe fervently that people of faith can work together for the common good
along with other people of good will to advance the causes of freedom, justice,
peace, equality and mutual respect, and we hope the immigration issue is just
one example of how we can do so.

Nelson Bock, Denver

The writer is chair of the Interfaith Alliance of Colorado's Public Policy
Commission.

Denver's city elections

Kudos to letter-writer Cliff Chetwin, who wrote in the Sunday Denver Post:
"Rather than glorifying new and expanded programs ... voters should carefully
consider how much more of their income they want to give ... for poor delivery
of basic services needed by all citizens" (April 22 Open Forum).

After the blizzard in December, Mayor John Hickenlooper promised all
neighborhoods would be plowed at least once. My neighborhood never saw one plow
go through. Several calls to the "wonderful" 311 line got only more lies, but no
action.

You can bet I won't be voting for Hickenlooper. In fact, the whole Denver
election process is flawed, so I won't vote at all. I am moving to a city that
cares about its residents and doesn't just flap its lips.

Judy Collins, Denver

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              892 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 1, 1993, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Janet Reno's Independent Stand

SECTION: Section A; Page 16; Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 347 words


Among recent Attorneys General, Janet Reno stands alone in support of the
Federal independent counsel law, calling for a court-appointed prosecutor for
investigations of high executive branch officials. The distinction does her
credit.

The law, first enacted in 1978 with Watergate freshly in mind, lapsed last year
but President Clinton is pledged to revive it. It takes cases involving Cabinet
secretaries and a few dozen other top officials away from the Attorney General
and gives them to an outside prosecutor who can't be fired except for good
cause.

Nicholas Katzenbach, Edward Levi and Griffin Bell, among others who have served
honorably as Attorney General, condemn the law in varying degrees and say it
undermines confidence in Federal justice. In recent Senate testimony Ms. Reno,
who has more prosecutorial experience than all three of them combined, firmly
disagreed.

"There is an inherent conflict whenever senior executive branch officials are to
be investigated by the department and its appointed head, the Attorney General,"
she said. "Recognition of this conflict does not belittle or demean the
impressive professionalism of the department's career prosecutors."

Apologists for the Iran-contra scandal argue that the costly six-year
investigation by Lawrence Walsh, appointed at the request of Attorney General
Edwin Meese, proves the law a failure. "I disagree," she said. That
investigation, "far from providing support for doing away with the independent
counsel act, proves its necessity."

Janet Reno has no macho defensiveness about incursions on her prosecutorial
turf. As District Attorney in Miami for 15 years, she did not feel threatened
when anyone suggested that she had a conflict of interest in cases involving
fellow Florida Democrats. She understood that people who didn't know her might
reasonably question her impartiality and she freely stepped aside in such cases.

In demanding that justice be, and appear to be, impartial, Ms. Reno shows a
sensitivity to prosecutorial independence that her predecessors might envy.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              893 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 31, 1991, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Borders Don't Make Middle East Tensions;
Toward Lasting Peace

SECTION: Section 4; Page 12; Column 6; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 269 words


To the Editor:

"A Rare Window for Peace" (editorial, March 11) suggests that the United States
can use its new leverage in the Middle East to move Israelis and Arabs toward a
lasting peace. You suggest that in addition to state-to-state negotiations there
must be direct talks between Israel and some representative Palestinians.

The same day's front page reports that the Arab nations will only talk with
Israel at an international conference held under United Nations auspices. These
contrasting views are, in essential respects, irreconcilable. It is in the
public interest to consider which position is to be preferred.

Some United States officials characterize the Arab view as a total nonstarter
because Israel would refuse to attend. Such a reaction demeans the integrity of
United States foreign policy. If we allow the prospects of our rapprochement
with the Arab world to be scuttled by the intransigence of Israel, our overall
interests in the Middle East will be substantially impaired.

Israel can justly demand explicit recognition of its right to exist, but it
should not otherwise be allowed to frustrate the calling of a general conference
in the Middle East. Not only the Arab world, but also a majority of the United
Nations support the conference route, which does not rule out direct talks at
some point.

Moreover, we have already agreed in principle to such a conference in the Middle
East in statements we have made as a permanent member of the United Nations
Security Council.

CORNELIUS F. MURPHY JR.
Professor of Law, Duquesne University
Pittsburgh, March 12, 1991

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              894 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Baltimore Sun

                            November 20, 2016 Sunday
                             AdvanceBulldog Edition

Preserving our union

BYLINE: Raymond Daniel Burke

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; A; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 784  words



HIGHLIGHT: People walk down Antietam National Battlefield's Sunken Road, which
is also known as Bloody Lane; it was an open grave for hundreds of soldiers
during the Civil War.AMY DAVIS/Baltimore Sun


It seems evident that the vast majority of Americans are disenchanted, and
rightfully so, with the two major political parties. The Republicans used their
most recent period of control of the White House and Congress to turn a $154
billion budget surplus into a $464 billion deficit, engage us in perpetual war
at the behest of the neocons, and preside over the largest economic collapse
since the great depression. Since then, they have used control of Congress to
play the role of obstructionist. For their part, the Democrats, in a brief
period of control, gave us something less than half a loaf of health care
reform, and, in general, while ever expressing compassion for the less well-off,
they have failed to significantly move the needle in the fight against poverty,
failing educational systems, and an urban gangster culture of drugs and
violence. Both parties have pretty much failed to meaningfully address jobs that
are lost, not only to the global economy, but to technological advancements that
call for a retrained workforce. There is much talk but little action concerning
a tax system in which corporations and billionaires pay virtually nothing.
Pressing problems, from a crumbling infrastructure, to the ticking bomb of
entitlements, to the epidemic of narcotic addiction, go seemingly unaddressed.

This all suggests that we should be unified in our call for action. Instead,
however, as the election results demonstrate, we are sorely divided. Some of
that division arises from different philosophies of what government should do
and how it should do it, and that is the fair debate we should be having. But
too much of our divide is personal. Rejection of the political establishment
should not include a willingness to vilify those with whom we disagree, or to
embrace or excuse rhetoric and actions designed to diminish, demean and
discriminate against others based on race, religion, gender, nationality,
immigration status, sexual orientation, or physical or mental disability. That
is not the process of a political discussion. It is the promotion of that which
divides us for the purpose of political gain.

In light of this, I think that a day trip is in order. Sharpsburg in Washington
County is a short drive from here, and an entirely lovely one, even while the
fall foliage offers only the closing act of its spectacular annual show. When
you reach the area of Antietam Creek, you will be at the site of the National
Battlefield that commemorates the day-long confrontation that played out there
on Sept. 17, 1862. The peacefulness and natural beauty of the gently rolling
Western Maryland hills make it difficult to contemplate the horror that occurred
at this place while the nation was in the throes of seemingly irreconcilable
division.

When the Army of the Potomac and the Army of Northern Virginia met that day near
the gently flowing creek that lent its name to the battle, an early morning fog
drifted over the last moments of peace, as the air was soon shattered by the
deadliest of engagements. By the end, the bloodiest day in our history had left
the dead and the dying spread everywhere across a hideous landscape.

That Americans were at one time killing each other at such an appalling rate
should prompt us to be mindful the fragility of a nation's bonds, and to
consider how a divided nation was able to come together. The significance of
Antietam is much more than the enormous number of casualties. While the awful
battle had, essentially, ended in a draw, it did compel the Confederates to fall
back into Virginia. The repulsion of the invasion was victory enough for
President Lincoln to seize the opportunity to issue his Emancipation
Proclamation. That act reinvented the Federal cause and instilled it with a
moral rectitude that would preclude the European powers from recognizing the
Confederacy, carry the Union to ultimate victory, and eradicate slavery in
America forever.

At this time of division, a walk along the sacred ground at Antietam to
contemplate what happened there might compel us to examine what is in our hearts
and help us to find our moral center as a people. Such self-examination may
allow us to turn away from the heat of battle in a war against each other, and
permit us to find a common purpose. The formation of a more perfect union is an
endless job, and we have much work to do. But we will not succeed by groveling
in the low recesses of our fears and prejudices. As is demonstrated by the
preservation of our union after four years of a terrible civil war, victory can
only be achieved by reaching for a higher ground.

Raymond Daniel Burke, a Baltimore native, is a principal in a downtown law firm.
His email is rdburke@ober.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 The Baltimore Sun Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              895 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                            January 31, 2016 Sunday

LITTLE DONNIE AND HIS LITTLE GAME

BYLINE: DARRYL PAULSON

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 638 words


Little Donnie Trump loves to play games, but he hates to lose. Nothing worse
than a loser, according to Donnie. Now, Donnie is playing the most important
game of his life. He will do anything to win.

Change his positions. Little Donnie will do that to win. He was once prochoice
and is now against abortion. He once wanted to ban assault rifles, but now he
opposes any ban. He once supported a single-payer health care system with
insurance for everyone. Now he calls Obamacare a "disaster." He once called one
of his opponents a "great secretary of state" and gave her money. Now he calls
her a lightweight and a failure.

To win the game, Little Donnie doesn't hesitate to exaggerate, stretch the truth
and lie. He once saw thousands of Muslins in New Jersey cheering the fall of the
World Trade Center towers. No one else saw it, but Little Donnie did.

Little Donnie lies so much that the Tampa Bay Times' fact-checking website
PolitiFact.com called his collection of them the Lie of the Year. Of Donnie's 77
statements they looked at, 76 percent were rated False, Mostly False or Pants on
Fire. At least Little Donnie is consistent.

Little Donnie doesn't hesitate to make fun of and demean his opponents. He calls
them weak, stupid, low-energy and incompetent. Only Little Donnie is strong
enough to win the game.

Mexicans are rapists, John McCain is not a war hero because his plane was shot
down, Carly Fiorina has an ugly face and a journalist who asked Little Donnie a
tough but fair question is accused of being mean because she was menstruating.
Little Donnie will viciously attack anyone who stops him from winning the game.

Little Donnie attacked women so often that he was asked about his demeaning
treatment. "Not me," said Donnie. "I love women."

Part of Little Donnie's plan to win the game is to offer simplistic solutions
that appealed to everyone. Build, Bomb and Ban became the bases of Little
Donnie's strategy.

Build a wall on the Mexican border and that will solve a big part of illegal
immigration. Not only that, but Donnie will get Mexico to pay for the wall.

Bomb the heck out of ISIS and that will end the Muslim terrorism threat. So
simple. I wonder why no one but Little Donnie realized how easy it was to solve
such an important problem.

Ban any Muslim from entering America. Why didn't any of the other players
realize it was so easy to solve this problem?

As part of winning the game, Little Donnie had to confront the other players and
answer questions. But, once again, Little Donnie had a problem with one of the
women. This woman, Megyn Kelly, was mean to Donnie. She had previously asked
Donnie a tough but fair question that Donnie did not like. Little Donnie said
Megyn was unfair and mean to him.

Little Donnie refused to have Megyn question him again. If she did, he would not
play the game, but instead play all by himself. Little Donnie said that he
refuses "to call Megyn Kelly a bimbo because that would be politically
incorrect." But, Little Donnie just called her a "bimbo" and then said he would
never call her a bimbo. Little Donnie is clever.

Strangely enough, five years ago Little Donnie praised Megyn Kelly's moderating
skills and said he could "never beat you" as a moderator. "That would be no
contest. You've done a great job, by the way. And I mean that." Now that Megyn
challenged Little Donnie, she's become an incompetent, lightweight bimbo. That's
Little Donnie.

Little Donnie's adviser said that he "doesn't play games." But, playing games is
all that Little Donnie seems to do.

Little Donnie says that if Americans pick someone else to lead the team other
than him, that America will be a loser.

Once again, Little Donnie is lying.

Darryl Paulson is a professor emeritus of government at the University of South
Florida St. Petersburg. He wrote this exclusively for the Tampa Bay Times.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2016 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              896 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                          September 16, 2010 Thursday
                                 ONLINE EDITION

Black leaders say Paladino's win 'should alarm all of us'

BYLINE: By Tom Precious

SECTION: BLOGS; Politics Now

LENGTH: 257 words

DATELINE: ALBANY


A Democratic-dominated group of downstate black leaders came out on the attack
today against Republican Carl Paladino, calling him "extreme" and "polarizing"
and whose victory Tuesday in the GOP gubernatorial primary "should alarm all of
us."

"Mr. Paladino has effectively declared war on communities of color with a series
of racially incendiary comments along the campaign trail," the group said this
afternoon. They cited controversial e-mails he sent out this spring and his
proposal to use prison dorms for welfare recipients to teach them job and life
skills.

"That type of hateful attack demeans low income New Yorkers, makes poverty a
crime, and plays into harmful racial stereotypes. Given his history, no one
should be fooled by his recent attempt to recast the statement as a voluntary
work force development program," the group said.

They also attacked him as a government insider for his large real estate
business with state office leasing contracts in buildings in the Buffalo area
and his donations to Albany politicians.

"Mr. Paladino represents the problem, not the solution to the serious, systemic
challenges facing this state. He is unfit to be our governor, and we plan to do
everything in our power to keep him and his dangerous ideas out of the
statehouse," the group said.

The letter was sent by Black Leaders Concerned about New York's Future, which
includes former state Comptroller H. Carl McCall, several members of the
legislature from New York City, the head of the state NAACP and the head of the
New York Urban League.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Blog

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              897 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                             October 6, 2006 Friday

Court lets gay marriage ban stand;
Rights groups prepare for Supreme Court

BYLINE: HOWARD MINTZ, MediaNews

SECTION: Z_STATE

LENGTH: 1534 words


Jolting the gay rights movement back a step, a divided state appeals court
Thursday upheld California's ban on same-sex marriage and warned that judges
should steer clear of solving the controversy and let voters and legislators
decide whether gays and lesbians can wed.

In a 2-1 ruling, the First District Court of Appeal in San Francisco overturned
a trial judge's decision last year finding the ban on gay marriage
unconstitutional, concluding that California has a right to define marriage as a
union between a man and a woman. It is the state's first appeals court ruling
directly addressing same-sex restrictions in marriage laws and sets the stage
for a long-anticipated showdown in the California Supreme Court.

''The time may come when California chooses to expand the definition of marriage
to encompass same-sex unions,'' Justice William McGuiness wrote for the
majority. ''That change must come from democratic processes, however, not by
judicial fiat.''

In a sign of internal tussling over the contentious issue, all three justices on
the First District panel weighed in with separate opinions, giving the state
Supreme Court 128 pages of legal reasoning to consider. Justice J. Anthony Kline
wrote a scathing dissent, calling the decision a ''backward step'' that ''
demeans the institution of marriage and diminishes the humanity of the gay men
and lesbians who wish to marry a loved one of their choice.''

San Francisco city officials, civil rights organizations and same-sex couples
challenging the law vowed to continue the fight to the Supreme Court. But they
will be pressing on with the legal challenge as the movement to expand marriage
rights for gays and lesbians is on the defensive across the country. Courts in
New York and Washington recently upheld bans similar to California's, although
those courts -- like California's -- were divided.

''It really blindsided us because we were really hoping,'' said Art Adams of
Mountain View, who is part of the case along with his partner, Devin Baker.
''They took the easiest way out. It isn't a matter of legislation -- it's a
matter of right and wrong.''

California Attorney General Bill Lockyer, who defended the law, agreed with the
decision because he argued that voters should lift the gay marriage ban, not the
courts. Meanwhile, groups opposed to gay marriage praised the ruling but
expressed concern that the state Supreme Court could still rule against them.

The appeals court ''followed the lead of other courts around the country in
recognizing that judges should not re-write marriage laws with a stroke of a
pen,'' said Mathew Staver, who represents the conservative Campaign for
California Families.

"Separate but equal" status |

Thursday's ruling was the latest development in a saga that began in February
2004, when San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom took the unprecedented step of
issuing marriage licenses to thousands of gay and lesbian couples. The state
Supreme Court then intervened, invalidating the marriages and finding that
Newsom flouted state law and overstepped his authority by issuing the licenses.

But at the same time, the high court invited a direct challenge to California's
family code provisions, which restrict marriage to a man and a woman. San
Francisco city officials, civil rights groups and same-sex couples then brought
a series of lawsuits challenging the law, maintaining that the ban denies gays
and lesbians a ''fundamental right'' to marry.

Defenders of the law, including Lockyer, argued that strong new domestic
partners laws essentially gave same-sex couples the same legal rights as married
heterosexual couples. But gay rights advocates insist the state has established
a ''separate but equal'' status for the state's gays and lesbians.

The appeals court, however, rejected that argument, saying it is rational for
the Legislature to preserve a traditional definition of marriage at the same
time it provided domestic partners benefits.

Court "ducked the issue"|

The court repeatedly stressed that elected officials or voters must resolve the
conflict, not judges -- even though Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger justified a veto
of a same-sex marriage bill last year by saying he wanted to wait for the courts
to rule on the matter. One legal expert said the First District ''ducked the
issue'' by simply deferring to voters and the Legislature.

Legal experts are divided over whether the state Supreme Court, which is
generally moderate on social issues, will rule differently than the First
District. The Supreme Court has ruled in favor of gay rights in a number of
cases in recent years, but is often split on close questions.

''I think they are very unpredictable on this,'' said Michael Wald, a Stanford
University law professor. ''It's hard to know where they are going to be.''

Key events in debate Some important dates in California's battle over same-sex
marriage: 1975: Gov. Jerry Brown signs legislation repealing criminal penalties
for adultery, oral sex and sodomy between consenting adults. 1977: Responding to
claims the state's ''gender-neutral'' marriage statute left room for gays and
lesbians to wed, the California Legislature amends the Family Code to define
marriage as ''a personal relation arising out of a civil contract between a man
and a woman.'' 1999: The Legislature establishes a domestic partner registry
giving same-sex couples who register limited rights previously given only to
married spouses, including the right to visit each other in the hospital. 2000:
Proposition 22, which further amends the Family Code to state that ''Only
marriage between a man and a woman is valid or recognized in California,''
passes with support from 61 percent of voters. 2000: Legislature passes a law
granting additional benefits to registered domestic partners, including the
right to make medical decisions for a partner, the right to use the stepparent
adoption process to adopt a partner's children and the right to sue for a
partner's wrongful death. 2002: Domestic partners are granted additional rights
under state law, including the right to draft wills for each other and to
receive copies of each other's birth and death certificates. 2003: Gov. Gray
Davis signs legislation granting registered domestic partners nearly all the
remaining rights and responsibilities available to married spouses under
California law. The measure, which took effect on Jan. 1, 2005, requires
domestic partners to pay alimony and child support if there is divorce. Feb. 12,
2004: San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom directs city officials to issue marriage
licenses to same-sex couples. Couples from all over the country line up for the
chance to wed. In Sacramento, Assemblyman Mark Leno, D-San Francisco, introduces
legislation to amend the Family Code, defining marriage as an institution
arising out of a civil contract between ''two persons.'' March 11, 2004: After
four weeks of gay marriages and more than 4,000 wedding licenses issued, the
California Supreme Court halts San Francisco's same-sex weddings. The city and
gay advocacy groups respond by suing to overturn the state's marriage laws. May
19, 2004: Lacking support for his gay marriage bill, Leno withdraws it until the
next legislative session rather than push for a floor vote. Aug. 12, 2004: The
California Supreme Court voids all gay marriages sanctioned in San Francisco,
ruling that the mayor lacked the authority to contravene state law. The ruling
does not address the substance of questions about the constitutionality of the
state's gay marriage ban. Dec. 6, 2004: : Leno reintroduces his marriage bill,
renamed the ''Religious Freedom and California Civil Marriage Protection Act,''
with backing from Assembly Speaker Fabian Nunez and nearly 30 co-sponsors. Jan.
1, 2005: The 2003 Domestic Partners Rights and Responsibilities Act, a law
granting gay couples who register as domestic partners nearly all the benefits
and obligations afforded married spouses in California, takes effect. March 14,
2005: San Francisco Superior Court Judge Richard Kramer rules that California's
law limiting marriage to a union between a man and a woman is unconstitutional.
April 4, 2005: A state appeals court rules that California's domestic partner
law doesn't conflict with a voter-approved initiative defining marriage as
between a man and a woman. June 29, 2005: The California Supreme Court lets
stand a new state law granting registered domestic partners many of the same
rights and protections of heterosexual marriage. Aug. 10, 2005: The California
Supreme Court says it will not immediately decide whether a state ban on
same-sex marriage is unconstitutional, leaving the case to a state appeals
court. Sept. 29, 2005: Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger vetoes a bill to legalize
same-sex marriage, leaving the issue up to voters or judges. May 5, 2006: A
federal appeals court sidesteps whether it's unconstitutional under federal and
state law to deny gays and lesbians the right to marry, leaving the issue to
state courts to decide. Oct. 5, 2006: A state appeals court rules that
California's ban on gay marriage doesn't violate the constitutional rights of
gays and lesbians, overturning Judge Kramer's ruling. |-- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              898 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             July 31, 1993 Saturday

LENGTH: 500 words


Money was the factor The decision to keep calling the University of North Dakota
""The Fighting Sioux'' came down to money. Outraged alumni had threatened to
withhold it if UND changed its nickname. UND President Kendall Baker had to
balance the potential harm from that threat Ä in a time of already diminishing
resources Ä against principle and the concerns of a minority.

He did what he had to. He decided to keep the name, but to require athletes who
will wear the Fighting Sioux insignia to learn about the history and culture of
American Indians. All things considered, Baker's compromise is reasonable. But
that's not to say it's ""right.'' There's of course nobody who speaks for all
American Indians, and there's disagreement among Indians about whether nicknames
demean or glorify them, or if they even matter. But a compelling argument made
by some Indian leaders Ä such as Tim Giago, publisher of Indian Country Today
newspaper Ä is this: Nicknames that make mascots of whole groups of people are
destructive. Nicknames aren't the biggest issue around, but symbols do matter.
And there's also the simple matter of wielding power with grace. ... ... how big
of a concession is it to change, in the name of harmony and respect, the names
of our sports teams? What does it really cost the people in power? Really, not
much. Ä Minot Daily News

Second-class citizens Picture this: Interconnecting circles up and down the east
and west coasts of the United States, and more interconnecting circles wherever
the population is heavy in the United States. Now, picture this: Circles that
don't meet exactly. A narrow sliver of land, growing wider as it goes south,
that doesn't have circles in it at all. That description is how the National
Weather Service's NEXRAD system will cover the United States. NEXRAD Ä for next
generation radar Ä is to be in place later this decade. Here's the problem for
Williston and all of extreme western North Dakota: Using a standard of 100
nautical miles of effectiveness for each system, the NEXRAD system doesn't
properly cover the area. Under a National Weather Service proposal, the
Williston weather service office will be closed and replaced with a black box.
The automated surface observation system, or ASOS, will give hourly reports on
conditions. ... Under this plan, the extreme western edge of North Dakota, part
of southeastern Montana, a sliver of northwestern South Dakota and part of
northeastern Wyoming will remain uncovered. That is 17,360 square miles, or a
geographical area equivalent to the states of Vermont, Delaware and Connecticut.
... Williston and the MonDak Region are being put in a dangerous situation
because of the scheduled closure of the Williston office in 1996 or 1997. It
will be on the edge of two coverage areas Ä Deering and Glasgow, Mont. This area
won't receive the same quality coverage that more populated regions of the
United States will get. We're being treated like second-class citizens. Ä
Williston Daily Herald

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1993 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              899 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      April 22, 2004 Thursday 1ST EDITION

Real run at crown needs more jewels

BYLINE: Mark Kiszla

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D-01

LENGTH: 833 words


MINNEAPOLIS - The Iceman cometh. He wore a smile. George Gervin  entered the
dining room inside the arena Wednesday and spotted an  old friend. Doug Moe
promptly stood and gave 'Ice' a hug as warm  as the basketball memories they
share.


Where's a camera when you need it? Moe won 628 games as an NBA  coach. Gervin
led the league in scoring four times. They still look  like winners together
after all these years.


Gazing at Gervin and Moe, a gleam came to the eyes of Nuggets  general manager
Kiki Vandeweghe.


'If we had you two guys,' said Vandeweghe, 'maybe we'd have a  shot at beating
Minnesota.'


Everybody laughed.


Beneath the good-natured humor, however, there was truth that has  quickly
become apparent. The Nuggets need more talent. Give them  the Hall of Fame
possessed by Gervin in his prime, and Denver could  be somebody, could be a
contender.


Sure, 19-year-old forward Carmelo Anthony is a good start. But, as  a 95-81 loss
to Minnesota demonstrated, the Nuggets need so much  more.


Not to demean any player, coach or executive who worked so hard to  get Denver
back in the NBA playoffs for the first time in nine  years, but the Timberwolves
won another laugher Wednesday night.


Without playing particularly well or breaking a serious sweat,  Minnesota
remained undefeated after two games in the best-of-seven  series.


It's not funny anymore.


'It's discouraging,' Anthony said, 'because it's like they  embarrassed us
twice.'


The hard lesson of this series for the Nuggets is Vandeweghe cannot  fall in
love with the talent on Denver's roster. This team finished  eighth in the
Western Conference for a reason.


The Nuggets have a gem in Anthony. The Timberwolves counter with  Kevin Garnett,
Latrell Sprewell and Sam Cassell. You don't need to  be a calculus major to
compute all the ways Denver is hopelessly  outnumbered and outclassed.


Think Vandeweghe wishes he could find a way to steal forward  Rasheed Wallace
out of Detroit now? The Nuggets cannot score in the  halfcourt because they lack
big men with reliable moves in the  post.


Restricted free agent Jamal Crawford, a 6-foot-5 guard from the  Chicago Bulls,
is considering buying a ticket Saturday to the Pepsi  Center for Game 3. Maybe
the Nuggets can issue him a uniform and  slip him on the bench without anybody
from Minnesota noticing.


The creature comforts of home and the pent-up cheers of Denver fans  who have
been waiting forever to let loose with playoff passion do  not guarantee any
real advantage for the Nuggets as the series  transfers to Colorado.


'We have to play good basketball,' coach Jeff Bzdelik said.  'Fans have never
come out of the stands to block a shot or defend  anyone.'


Lacking the necessary weapons, Bzdelik cannot do battle with  Timberwolves coach
Flip Saunders by conventional means.


Keep playing by the book, and it will close on the Nuggets without  any stories
to tell the grandkids about this playoff series against  Minnesota.


Denver needs to make some significant strategic changes before Game  3. What do
the Nuggets have to lose, except the possibility of  being swept?


Anthony might be upset the vote for rookie of the year was such a  landslide in
favor of Cleveland's LeBron James, saying the 78-40  vote by NBA media members
was 'a slap in the face.'


But Garnett is going to be named the MVP, and what he is doing to  the Nuggets
hurts far worse than any temporary bruise to Anthony's  ego.


Nene cannot stop Garnett. So Bzdelik should give up on that  defensive matchup.
Permanently.


From the opening tip, Denver must assign Marcus Camby, the team's  best
defensive player, the duty to harass Garnett as best anybody  in the NBA can.


'I welcome the challenge,' said Camby, who was not given the  chance to check
Garnett until after halftime.


Although Garnett is averaging 25 points and 21 rebounds against the  Nuggets,
Saunders insists the Minnesota star has yet to play his  best game. If Camby
cannot slow him down, nobody in Denver can.


The Nuggets should also consider a change in the starting lineup.  Put Earl
Boykins in at guard, and remove Voshon Lenard.


If Denver players were any more stagnant on offense in the Target  Center,
Minneapolis cops could have arrested them for loitering.


Although Lenard scored 15 points in the opening quarter of Game 2,  it brought
out the worst in his fellow Nuggets, whose idea of  off-ball movement is to clap
hands in appreciation when a teammate  sinks a basket.


'We have to move that defense, plain and simple,' Bzdelik said.


Boykins could be just the jolt of energy Denver has been missing.


What's the alternative? At age 51, Gervin might be a little too old  to save the
Nuggets now.


Mark Kiszla can be heard weekdays from 7-9 a.m. during "The Press  Box" on ESPN
radio 560. E-mail: mkiszla@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 2004 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              900 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 20, 1998, Sunday, Final Edition

It's Come To This: A Nickname That's Proven Hard to Slip; The Saga of 'Slick
Willie,'  From Parody to Burden

Kevin Merida, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. F01

LENGTH: 1889 words


Eighteen years ago, in a tiny town in a small Southern state, a man was given a
nickname. The nickname grew into a national image and the image became a parody.
The parody left an impression and the impression never went away. It became an
identity, a burden, a weakness. The weakness was exploited by the man's
opponents, and yesterday the man was impeached.

The nickname: Slick Willie.

You don't have to believe in this caricature. You don't have to embrace the talk
show wisecracks or chortle as you surf the kazillion Web sites set up to demean
William Jefferson Clinton, with their snide Pinocchio -nosed drawings and jokes
about his sex life. But to understand how a twice-elected president, handsome
and popular and backed by a strong economy, could unravel like kite string, it's
helpful to revisit the saga of Slick Willie.

First, the origin.

"Slick Willie's birthday is Sept. 27, 1980. He was born on a Saturday edition of
the Pine Bluff Commercial."

That's Paul Greenberg talking. Paul Greenberg invented Slick Willie. His voice
is all Discovery Channel. He's erudite with a whimsically brutal pen that he now
wields for the Arkansas Democrat-Gazette and papers that run his syndicated
column. But back then he was editorial page editor of the Pine Bluff Commercial.
Bill Clinton was governor of Arkansas and facing a stiff reelection challenge
from Republican Frank White, who ultimately beat him.

Greenberg had read the news coverage of Clinton's speech before the state
Democratic convention in which he portrayed himself as one of the progressive
Arkansas governors in the post-Orval Faubus era -- a lineage that extended from
Winthrop Rockefeller to Dale Bumpers to David Pryor to Bill Clinton. Greenberg,
however, saw something else: a trimmer.

What repulsed him in particular was Clinton's dance regarding the large number
of Cuban refugees who were being housed temporarily at an Arkansas army base.
The refugees were part of the Mariel boatlift to Florida, and Clinton had
initially welcomed them to his state and sympathized with their "desire for
freedom." But by September, following a riot by refugees at Fort Chaffee,
following White's TV ads associating Clinton with the disturbance, following the
expressed fears of Arkansas citizens, Clinton's rhetoric grew tougher.

Greenberg sat down and wrote his editorial:

"But what made the young governor's aligning himself with the
Rockefeller-Bumpers-Pryor tradition even more piquant was his having blown into
Hot Springs just after demagoguin' the Cuban issue in the best, or worst,
tradition of Orval E. Faubus -- who might well be his mentor when it comes to
appealing to the worst in the electorate. Nor is that the only disturbing
similarity between Slick Willie and old Orv."

And that was Slick Willie's first breath of life.

Greenberg saw Slick Willie as a waffler, a zigzagger, a master of obfuscation --
the unworthy alter-ego of Clinton, the compassionate idealist. Greenberg
concluded that, like Faubus, Clinton had presented a facade of making great
progress during his first term when he had retreated on his basic promises. He
talked about preserving the environment, for instance, but appeased the chicken
industry. Slick Willie became a recurring character for Greenberg. All other
Clinton monikers -- "Kid Clinton," "Boy Governor," "Young Smoothie" -- were
retired.

In Slick Willie, Greenberg felt, he had found the perfect coinage. "It doesn't
mean liar. It means dissembler," he explains now. "This is a particular
subspecies of lying. It's a very lawyerly, sophisticated, elastic lie. In my
opinion, the old-fashioned lie would be a step up."

When Clinton ran for president in 1992, Slick Willie moved from Arkansas to New
Hampshire and Iowa and New York. He became a huge star on the main stage --
thanks in part to Clinton's enemies, who were thrilled to flack the sobriquet.
And so Slick Willie evolved. He became a particular brand of explanation on
subjects ranging from whether Clinton slipped the draft to whether he smoked
marijuana to whether he slept with Gennifer Flowers. And he became -- most
annoyingly to Clinton's enemies -- the symbol of getting away with it.

As in: Marge, you're not gonna believe what I'm seeing. There's a fella outside
ice-skating on sand. That fella was Slick Willie.

He followed Bill Clinton everywhere after he made it to the White House, and
Clinton's enemies were not far behind. Slick Willie has a paperback in his name
and an international following -- you can find mentions in the Jerusalem Post,
in the Financial Times of London and in Japan's Daily Yomiuri.

He was a handy fella, and repeatedly came to Clinton's aid. He explained what
happened to proposed tax cuts for the middle class and why big donors were
granted overnight stays in the Lincoln Bedroom. But then he got tripped up at
the Paula Jones deposition when asked about Monica Lewinsky.

He made matters worse with that finger-wagging thing ("I did not have sexual
relations with that woman, Miss Lewinsky"). He really slipped with his
legal-beagle answers to Judiciary Chairman Henry Hyde's 81 questions and his
11th-hour plea for censure on the eve of a Mideast trip. And yesterday, the
absolute worst thing happened to Slick Willie, the caricature: The House
approved two articles of impeachment against the real Bill Clinton.

"What I failed to see was the inevitability of it," Greenberg says. "His whole
political career has been a confirmation that he can get away with it. . . . It
was working out golden for him. Then he got to playing with the truth. It's not
a thing to be toyed with. It'll come back to slap you."

The political cost for Clinton is squandered credibility.

This even his friends understand, even as they trash the merits of the
impeachment articles, even as they rail about the unfairness of being denied a
vote on censure.

"I think he has eroded his credibility with everybody and that's unfortunate,"
Rep. Steny Hoyer (D-Md.) said in an interview before yesterday's day of doom.
"All of us personally have been disappointed and angered by his conduct."

Having said that, Hoyer added his caveat: "If we impeached every president who
eroded his credibility during the course of his presidency, we would be
impeaching practically every president."

George Bush's credibility was undermined when he reneged on his "read-my-lips"
no-new-taxes pledge. Ronald Reagan's was damaged by Iran-contra. The phrase
"credibility gap" originated in the Lyndon Johnson era. Johnson lost such
credibility with the public over Vietnam that a common Washington parlor joke
went: "How do you know when LBJ is telling the truth? When he rubs his chin and
pulls his ear lobe, he's telling the truth. When he moves his lips, he's lying."

In Clinton's case, he's been accused of lying repeatedly, but the public has not
ditched him. His approval ratings -- in the low 60s in some recent polls -- have
not tanked under the weight of Slick Willie or the Starr report.

Rep. Jim Clyburn (D-S.C.), the newly elected chairman of the Congressional Black
Caucus, has a story:

On Election Day this year, Clyburn bumped into a 75-year-old black man at a
polling location in his district. The man needed some help navigating the voting
booth. The man was upset that Bill Clinton was getting such rough treatment in
Washington.

"You know, when I was growing up," the man told Clyburn, "they used to do a lot
of bad things to black people. The only people they treated worse were white
people who treated us with dignity."

Bill Clinton had credibility with that man. "I've never forgotten that
conversation," Clyburn says. That conversation sums up why he will never believe
in the legend of Slick Willie.

But will others?

John Rother is legislative director for the AARP. He is savvy in Washington's
ways. At the White House's behest, his organization co-sponsored three town-hall
meetings on Social Security reform, the issue Clinton says the nation must
return to even on the day of his impeachment.

"He probably has the most credibility of anyone in public life on benefit
program issues," Rother says. "It comes from his record of defending those
programs under attack and in articulating acceptable reforms."

But from here on, Clinton must operate in an unusual climate.

"What I'm most concerned with right now," Rother says, "is I can't recall ever a
time when there's been less willingness to find a middle ground. That's not a
function of his credibility but a function of all of these other forces -- the
increasing polarization of the parties, the role the extreme right plays and the
role the extreme left plays and a weakening of the institutional processes in
Congress that usually let people find a middle ground."

Clinton himself said yesterday, after he was slammed with the Republican
majority's two impeachment counts, that we need a "presumption of good faith" to
make government work.

But how?

The reason Slick Willie has become a cultural icon, Democrats say, is because
Republicans are so consumed with personal animus for Clinton that their
judgments on his presidency are dripping with venom.

"There are a lot of people in the Republican Party who hate this president,"
Hoyer says. "Not disagree with him, but who think he is a bad human being."

There were no Slick Willie citations on the House floor during the impeachment
debate. House rules don't allow such mockery of the president. But House rules
don't stop a member from thinking such thoughts and sharing them outside the
chamber.

"I won't get into the Slick Willie issue," says Rep. J.C. Watts (R-Okla.), the
new GOP conference chairman. "But Jimmy Carter's poll numbers went through the
floor near the end of his presidency during the Iran hostage crisis. . . . But
no one ever questioned his integrity on the issue. So that gives you two
different models."

Watts was alluding to the extraordinary way in which some of his GOP colleagues
questioned whether the president had launched a bombing attack on Iraq to delay
a vote on impeachment.

"What I find amazing is the number of people who embrace that idea," said Rep.
J.D. Hayworth (R-Ariz.) That Defense Secretary William Cohen had to "take a
blood oath," as Hayworth put it, to knock down the speculation, "is amazing in
itself."

Which brings us back to Slick Willie.

"You get these nicknames for some reason," says Rep. Wayne Gilchrest (R-Md.).

Richard Nixon could never live down Tricky Dick. Harry Truman struggled so much
after Franklin Roosevelt's death that his critics tagged him with this: "To err
is Truman." But that didn't have much staying power. Slick Willie, on the other
hand, is headed for the Hall of Fame. That is, if he ever retires.

"The fact that he is so slick means he can turn on a dime," says Fred
Greenstein, a presidential scholar at Princeton University. "He's got the most
amazing resilience that we've ever seen in American politics.

"You keep thinking that this time he's gone. Like the cat's going to catch the
mouse in 'Tom & Jerry.' Like finally Charlie Brown is going to kick the
football."

Like finally Slick Willie slides into a mess he can't slip out of. No FOB:
Margie Phelps of Topeka, Kan., makes her sentiments clear Thursday outside the
Capitol.


LOAD-DATE: December 20, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PH,,AFP/PAUL J. RICHARDS; ILL,,ROMAN GENN FOR TWP

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              901 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                          November 19, 2008 Wednesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

OUR GUTLESS WONDERS

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 417 words


To call them childish is to insult children. To call them clownish is to demean
the members of an honorable profession. To call them cowards is to capture the
essence of New York State's legislative leaders.

Senate Majority Leader Dean Skelos and Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver yesterday
displayed monumental gutlessness in the face of perhaps the worst fiscal crisis
to hit New York.

Utterly lacking in courage, their irresponsibility as obvious as a Thanksgiving
Day Parade balloon, they went to the cheap, failed politician's bag of tricks:
They weaseled. They postured. They blamed. They alibied.

Senate Minority Leader Malcolm Smith and Assembly Minority Leader Jim Tedisco
were equally callow. They proved, once again, to be Albany's empty, rattling
cabooses.

Gov. Paterson summoned the four and their members to a special session to cut
the budget so as to close a $1.5 billion deficit between now and April, and to
get a start on a $12.5 billion gap in the following year.

Paterson had presented a plan for initial spending reductions, asked the leaders
for their suggestions and brought them together to take actions that are
necessary and unavoidable.

They did nothing - except to waste time and money and act like jerks when
Paterson convened a five-way televised meeting to give the public insight into a
state of affairs critical to every New Yorker.

"American Idol" rejects put on better performances.

New Yorkers are being thrown out of homes and work. Citigroup is cutting 52,000
jobs. The Metropolitan Transportation Authority is so broke it's about to unveil
a plan to cut whole subway lines while drastically raising fares. Without
dramatic steps, the state will run out of money sometime after the first of the
year.

And Skelos, Silver, Smith and Tedisco failed to put forward a single meaningful
proposal for averting bankruptcy. To do so would have meant delivering bad news
to lobbyists, advocates and, ultimately, to constituents.

That would take bravery, a quality not included in Albany's DNA.

So - and here, Skelos is most at fault - Paterson was forced to withdraw his
plans, delaying action for at least a month, if not longer. With every day that
passes, New York's position becomes weaker, and the remedies become that much
more painful.

Skelos, Silver, Smith and Tedisco succeeded merely in putting off the
inevitable. And the hope that they would overhaul state finances to make them
sustainable for taxpayers dropped from slim to none.

Brainless jellyfish would not have done worse.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Daily News, L.P.


                              902 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                           November 15, 2012 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Freddie's out to prove his ring career is no joke

BYLINE: MARK STANIFORTH BOXING

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 53

LENGTH: 456 words


ANDREW Flintoff denies his reinvention as a boxer demeans the sport with trainer
Barry McGuigan claiming any criticism is motivated by jealousy.

Flintoff will make his professional debut in Manchester on November 30 in a
four-round fight against novice American Richard Dawson, who has won both of his
bouts.

Strong opposition from within boxing has greeted the former England cricket
captain''s decision to swap bat for gloves.

Frank Warren and rising British heavyweight Danny Price described it as "car
crash TV", while Frank Maloney branded it a "scandal".

Maloney also called for British Boxing Board of Control chairman Charles Giles
to be sacked for approving the 34-year-old''s license.

But Flintoff, who lost 45lbs in weight during a gruelling fourmonth training
camp filmed for a three-part series to be screened on Sky1HD, insists his
motives are honourable.

"You couldn''t go through this for a TV stunt," said Flintoff, a big fan of
Belfast's unbeaten star Carl Frampton (right).

"If I was looking for a publicity stunt I''d have picked something easier.
There''s other things I could have done.

"There''s been criticism of things I''ve done in the past. I''m just getting my
head down and doing the best I can.

"I appreciate that people want to protect the sport they''re involved in. I''d
be the same with cricket.

"I'"I'm hoping this is something where boxing is celebrated because it's not my
intention to cheapen the sport or show it up.

"We want to show the sport in the best possible light because ultimately I''m a
boxing fan as well." "  McGuigan mounted a robust defence of the project at
yesterday's preview screening of 'The Gloves Are Off'', the first episode of
which will be aired next Thursday at 9pm. Former WBA featherweight champion
McGuigan (51) oversaw Flintoff''s training, with his son Shane acting as the
technical and strength and conditioning coach "What we''re doing is the opposite
to cheapening the sport, it''s promoting it. You see the pain and anguish
Freddie goes though," McGuigan said.

"How can that be negative in promoting the sport? To say it cheapens boxing is a
complete and utter load of nonsense.

"It''s a case of the green-eyed monster I''m afraid. Freddie''s worked his nuts
off and we''re promoting the sport in a very positive way."

"  In the sparring sessions seen in episode one Flintoff, who has no amateur
background, is strong but limited and is generally treated sympathetically by
opponents. McGuigan accepted there are rough edges but praises the 2005 Ashes
winner's attitude.

"Let''s be honest, Freddie is a novice. Technically he has a lot to work on, but
we''ll keep at that. He''s a great pupil. He''s not a natural but he works very
hard.

"He gets there because he''s so determined."

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Warming-up: Even when playing cricket, Andrew Flintoff tried on the
boxing gloves

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BTT


                Copyright 2012 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              903 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Coventry Telegraph

                           November 15, 2012 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Freddie serious about big fight;
BOXING

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 61

LENGTH: 79 words


ANDREW Flintoff denies his reinvention as a boxer demeans the sport with trainer
Barry McGuigan claiming any criticism is motivated by jealousy.

Flintoff will make his professional debut in Manchester on November 30 in a
four-round fight against novice American Richard Dawson, who has won both of his
bouts.

And he said: "You couldn't go through this for a TV stunt. If I was looking for
a publicity stunt I'd have picked something easier. There's other things I could
have done."

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CVT


                   Copyright 2012 Coventry Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              904 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Evening Chronicle (Newcastle, UK)

                           November 15, 2012 Thursday

Flintoff: No Publicity Stunt

SECTION: A; Pg. 51

LENGTH: 134 words


ANDREW Flintoff denies his reinvention as a boxer demeans the sport, with
trainer Barry McGuigan claiming any criticism is motivated by jealousy.

Flintoff will make his professional debut in Manchester on November 30 in a
four-round fight against novice American Richard Dawson, who has won both of his
bouts.

Strong opposition from within boxing has greeted the former England cricket
captain's decision to don gloves. Frank Warren and rising British heavyweight
Danny Price described it as "car crash TV", while Frank Maloney branded it a
"scandal".

But Flintoff, who lost 45lbs during a gruelling four-month training camp filmed
for a three-part series to be screened on Sky1, insisted: "You couldn't go
through this for a TV stunt. If I was looking for a publicity stunt I'd have
picked something easier."

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2012 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              905 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                             January 8, 2012 Sunday

WALK: It's time to talk wrestling rankings

BYLINE: COLUMN By JOHN WALK The York Dispatch

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 408 words


No matter who the wrestling coach is, a recurring theme is brought up again and
again in conversations during the first month or so of the season -- building
toward the end.

In this case, the end means the postseason.

It's not to demean the regular season. Instead, most coaches likely just want to
improve and prepare their wrestlers for the grind that comes around in February
and March.

There are quite a few teams from the York-Adams League that look poised for a
push in the district and possibly state tournaments this year. And for those
teams who might not look as strong thus far, most have a few individual
wrestlers who could have a dominant outing in the postseason.

That's where this week's unveiling of the individual rankings among York-Adams
wrestlers comes into play.

Undefeated: By all accounts, the York-Adams League is like a machine every year
in pumping out talented wrestlers.

For example, seven wrestlers from the league won district crowns last season.

This year's group appears to be just as strong. So far, there are 10 wrestlers
in as many weight classes who are still undefeated. At the top of the list is --
no surprise -- Kennard Dale's 160-pounder Chance Marsteller, who is 23-0.
Marsteller is coming off an undefeated state championship season as a freshman.

Others such as Spring Grove's 106-pounder Zack Clingan (11-0), Eastern York's
220-pounder Buck Kauffman (12-0) and York Suburban heavyweight Nicholas Lucchesi
(17-0) also are yet to be defeated.

Match-ups: With all that being said, there are still plenty of individual
match-ups to look forward to in the remainder of the regular season, especially
this week.

Thursday night alone, we could see about a half-dozen match-ups featuring
top-ranked wrestlers. Two of the top three 160-pounders could square off on
Thursday when Central York travels to Dallastown, where the Wildcats' Cooper
Deller (17-1) could face Tyler Whitecomb (12-4).

Two of the best heavyweights will likely face each other on Thursday as well
when York Suburban hosts Biglerville. In that meet, Lucchesi could put his
undefeated mark on the line against Trevor Stover (12-2).

Rankings: With a bevy of talented teams and wrestlers, it may be a bit difficult
to keep track of everything -- even for yours truly.

So, look at the weekly wrestling rankings as a way to help make sense of it all.

-- John Walk covers wrestling for The York Dis patch. He can be reached at
505-5406 or jwalk@york dispatch.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              906 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                           September 4, 2007 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Dog fighting for sport demeans us all

BYLINE: Kathi Travers, Special to The Citizen

SECTION: NEWS; Animal Tracks; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 708  words


Dog fighting is one of the most despicable and disgusting practices known to
man. It is one of the most serious forms of animal abuse. It is an insult to
society.

The activity is considered by those involved to be a betting "sport" as two
dogs, usually pit bull types such as the American pit bull or Staffordshire
terrier, are put into a ring or pit and fight, often to the death of one of
them.

Bets are made on the abilities of the dogs to fight. The fights can last for as
long as an hour or two or until one of the dogs cannot fight anymore. The dogs
are often prodded and taunted. Dogs that do not perform well are often shot,
electrocuted, hung or drowned. In order to prepare these dogs for a fight, they
are frequently forced to hang from a tree for hours upon hours by means of
biting a rope so that they do not drop. This is intended to strengthen their
jaws. In addition, cats, kittens, puppies and stolen "bait" dogs, with their
snouts taped shut so as not to injure the fighting dog, are often used as
training bait.

Dog fighting is illegal in Canada and the USA. It is a felony in 48 states. But
that does not stop this barbaric form of amusement from occurring. With the
recent conviction of NFL superstar Michael Vick this underground, illegal, and
barbaric activity has been brought into the limelight.

Michael Vick was indicted by a federal jury on July 17 for conspiracy to travel
in interstate commerce in aid of unlawful activities and sponsoring a dog in an
animal fighting venture. Vick has agreed to enter a guilty plea to the charges
and is prepared to accept full responsibility for his actions.

Vick was the top pick in the 2001 NFL draft and has made more than $61 million
in his six NFL seasons. He has effectively thrown his career away. Vick faces up
to six years imprisonment and $350,000 in fines. The NFL can also add further
suspension beyond jail time. He can also kiss any endorsements good-bye. No
reputable company will ever want to have his name attached to a product of
theirs.

The law is not that severe in Idaho and Wyoming, where dog fighting is simply a
misdemeanour. In Canada, a person like Vick would get a maximum fine of $2,000
and/or up to six months in jail and be prohibited from owning a pet for two
years.

Realizing that Canada has less strict consequences to being found guilty of dog
fighting activities, we might be consoled by the fact that it may be a less
frequent occurrence.

Marcie Moriarty, general manager of cruelty investigations for the BC SPCA, says
that dog fighting in British Columbia does not appear to be an active cruelty
issue. Several investigations did raise suspicion in the Lower Mainland, but
went unfounded due to lack of evidence.

There has never been a conviction of an individual in connection with organized
dog fighting in B.C. in recent history. According to Moriarty, if it is
happening in B.C., it is being kept well underground, using very sophisticated
cover-up methods.

I happen to know Moriarty and she is one tough cookie. If they are out there she
will sniff them out. She is excellent at what she does.

To add insult to injury, Vick is now claiming he has found God. Why is it that
these celebrity types so often seem to find God when they are caught? Do they
suddenly get religion overnight? I am thinking God may just get ticked off on
occasion and doesn't want to be found after such vile deeds against his
creatures.

Shame on Vick for using the God card.

I am not the holiest person in PG, however I do believe that dogs are gifts from
God. He created these creatures so perfectly, making them so loyal and loving no
matter how we treat them, they are always out to please their master.

- - -

BC SPCA news: Don't forget Paws for a Cause next Sunday, Sept. 9, at Cottonwood
Island Park. Come out and join in the festivities and help support your shelter.
Remember, all monies raised stay right here in Prince George. Jo and I and
Carney and Max will be there. We'd love to see you and your pets.

For more information, check out the website at www.spca.bc.ca/walk or call Ann
Gough at 250-561-2226.

If you have medium sized towels taking up space in your home, please call the
Spay and Neuter Clinic on Queensway who can use them. Drop them off anytime
during the day.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              907 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                             July 22, 2006 Saturday

At this camp, girls hear a positive message

BYLINE: JESSICA RIFFEL

SECTION: Pg. K-1

LENGTH: 616 words


Magazines may depict skinny girls, and lyrics sometimes demean women, but at the
fourth annual Girls Day in Arlington, these messages were replaced with positive
ones designed to build self-esteem.

About 350 girls recently learned how to live healthy, fulfilling lives without
the media's negative influence at the Police Athletic League in an all-day event
hosted by the First Coast Girls Initiative.

The girls, ages 6-15, attended classes where they learned about eating healthy,
managing money and abstaining from sex until marriage. They also could practice
sports such as kickboxing, soccer, basketball and flag football.

In one class, the girls listened to popular hip-hop songs played by disc jockey
Carlton McGee, but when one song finished, McGee tore the lyrics apart, showing
the girls the negative messages that influence them every day.

"Do you know what's going down?" McGee asked a group of 7- to 11-year-old girls
after Young Joc's It's Going Down finished playing. "He is glorifying a car with
some nice wheels on it."

He told the girls the song's emphasis on material possessions, the curse words
and the reference to women as "freaks" made the song inappropriate. McGee, who
has a 4-year-old daughter, donated his time to teach girls to be discriminating
about what they listen to.

Eight Jacksonville agencies brought the girls to Girls Day. One of the agencies
was Girls Inc. of Jacksonville. Chief Executive Laura Lasko helped plan the
activities and recruit the speakers.

She said the planning committee's goal was to have the girls leave the event
with at least one positive message to apply to their lives. She said the theme
was media literacy because there are messages everywhere that girls need to lose
weight, wear the right clothes and makeup and "please their man."

"That's saying that you're not good enough," Lasko said.

Instead of learning new diet tricks, the girls learned how to eat healthy and
play different sports. Instead of learning how to please men, they learned how
to stand up for themselves and abstain from sex until marriage.

Two volunteers from Outspok'n, a Baker and Nassau County Health Department
program, taught the girls how to make smart choices so they don't have their
hearts broken or become pregnant at a young age.

"Ladies, have you ever seen an egg after it's broken?" Chris Stitsinger asked a
group of 12- to 15-year-old girls. "That's the way your heart is. Once it's
damaged, once it's bruised, you can't go back. But you can make new choices."

Stitsinger and Jonathan Flieder explained the possible negative consequences of
having sex before marriage. Flieder said it's important to bring pre-teen girls
this message because they are at the age when they are making many short-term
and long-term decisions.

Outside the classroom, girls ran around in the noontime sun, kicking soccer
balls, throwing footballs and running.

Charlie Norris coaches flag football with Rod Johnson for the Jacksonville Lady
Jaguars, a traveling flag football team. He and Johnson spent the day teaching
the girls how to play the sport, hoping they might be interested in joining the
Lady Jaguars in the future.

"It keeps them in shape and it keeps their minds focused on something positive,"
Norris said.

He said sports teach girls how to eat healthy and it diverts them from the
negative influences of peer pressure. Norris also said the Lady Jaguars tour the
colleges in the cities they visit for competitions so the girls can see what
they can achieve if they work hard.

"It's important to give back to the community and teach young girls because if
we don't grab ahold of our young girls, it's rough out there," Norris said.

jessica.riffel@jacksonville.com,

(904) 359-4552

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
JESSICA RIFFEL/Staff Lori Jackson, 15, practices her footwork during a morning
flag football class. JESSICA RIFFEL/Staff Keshania Johnson, 9, runs with a small
parachute attached to her waist during a morning soccer class. The parachute is
designed to give soccer players resistance.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 The Florida Times-Union


                              908 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                           November 1, 2003 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

BCS is the right system Congress shouldnt meddle

BYLINE: Jeff Snook

SECTION: SECTION B; On Campus; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 650  words


Consider this my annual rant against those who consistently demean the Bowl
Championship Series, its bowls and its standings system. So this week I am
taking on an easy target: Congress. As if the knuckleheads on Capitol Hill dont
have anything more important on their respective agendas, now theyve made it a
point to take down the BCS.

I dont know if you guys know how it looks to fans of teams that arent part of
this system, said Sen. Joe Biden, D-Del. It looks un- American. It really does.
It looks unfair. It looks like a rigged deal.

Yep, its un-American all right, right up there with the list of major concerns
such as the post-war mess in Iraq, finding Bin Laden, the struggling economy,
health care and now, the BCS. Maybe we can add another name to the legendary
list of those who have developed the game of college football: Heisman, Rice,
Rockne, Bryant, Robinson and now, Biden. Realistically, if Congress (other than
Rep. Tom Osborne, R-Neb.) knows as much about all those other problems as it
does about college football, our countrys fate lies in inept hands. PLAYING
MONOPOLY But heres their beef in a nutshell: The BCS is a monopoly, not allowing
teams from outside the Big East, ACC, Big Ten, SEC, Big 12 and Pac-10 to play in
the Orange, Fiesta, Sugar and Rose Bowls (one of which annually hosts the
national championship game).

There is no doubt in my mind that the current system is unjust and
unjustifiable, said Tulane President Scott Cowen, who leads a coalition of
schools which are not part of the BCS. My argument with these anti-BCS types is
this:* There already exists TWO at-large bids in the BCS system. When Notre Dame
is not good enough, as is the case this season, two teams from all the non-BCS
conferences are eligible to be invited to play in the major bowls if they are
good enough to warrant an invitation.* The media poll that determines rankings
and the quality of a team is independent of the BCS. Media members have no
agendas against the non-BCS teams like BYU, TCU or Tulane. If they are good
enough, based on the schedule they play, to be ranked in the top-10, they will
be.* The problem with non-BCS teams is a collective weak schedule. Who really
believes that an unbeaten TCU (8-0) is a better team than a once-beaten LSU or
twice-beaten Michigan or thrice- beaten Auburn, for that matter? Among the
Horned Frogs wins: 38-35 over Tulane, 13-10 in overtime over 1-7 Arizona, 13-10
over South Florida, 27-24 over UAB and 62-55 over Houston. Heres also what
Congress and the BCS haters tend to forget:* Every bowl was originally created
for one reason: To promote its region and tourism in that region. The Orange
Bowl, which must fill its stadium to pay its bills, was not created to give TCU
a chance to play an extra game. It was created in the 1930s to promote the Miami
area as a vacation spot. Therefore, they have always had the right to invite a
three-loss Nebraska team that will fill its stadium rather than an unbeaten TCU
that would bring 5,000 fans to town.* Before the BCS and its conference
affiliations came along in 1998, bowls would cut premature deals with schools
behind closed doors. It wasnt that long ago that bowls would work deals and lock
up teams with two or three games still remaining, resulting in terrible matchups
and undeserving teams.* The BCS now allows and what is more important than this?
the No. 1 and No. 2 teams to meet in a bowl. PLAYOFFS WOULD HURT Now to all
those who propose a college football playoff: Why diminish the best regular
season in sports? The problem with sports such as the NBA, NCAA basketball and
lesser divisions of college football is that regular-season games are not
crucial. Losses are no big deal, as long as your team wins enough games to
qualify for the postseason. Its not always the best team over the course of a
long season that wins the NCAA Tournament its the hottest team in March.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Caption: If the NCAA institutes a playoff for Division I-A football,
the importance of big games like the annual Florida-Florida State showdown could
diminish. In 2001, Earnest Graham (8) went flying because it mattered.Associated
Press

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2003 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2003 News-Journal Corporation


                              909 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                            June 15, 1999, Tuesday,

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. 12A, VOICE OF THE PEOPLE

LENGTH: 756 words


Students should show mutual regard

I was a student at Morse High School last year. I read Lindsay Baldwin's letter
("Cold, unfair judgments in school," May 23).

Those kind of things happened all the time and it made me sad for those people
because I know how it feels to be the one always getting picked on. It's not fun
and sometimes you just want to crawl into a hole and die, but you've got to
ignore those people and move on.

I feel nobody should be treated that way. It's not right to demean somebody. It
can really kill their self-esteem and, most of the time, that is what keeps
people striving to do the best that they can.

The people always getting picked on are the people who will someday be the
greatest people you will ever know.

Seth Harwood

Bath

Headline was opinion on Bookland story

I am writing to express my displeasure with a headline which appeared on the
front page of the June 8 Press Herald.

It read, "Bookland hasn't yet started on its superstore, key to the city's
hopes."

This struck me, loud and clear, as the paper's opinion, rather than an objective
summary of the current status of this project.

I would request that in future editions, the paper keeps its opinions on the
editorial page where they belong and stick to factual information in its news
articles and headlines.

Susy Kist

Portland

Residents: Act to save lead prevention program

The future of Portland's Childhood Lead Poisoning Prevention Program (CLPPP) is
in jeopardy.

The CLPPP offers education, case management and blood screening. The CLPPP will
lose all funding for these services by mid-summer.

Its services are of great value to everyone in the Portland area and we should
not allow them to be so easily dismissed.

Lead poisoning is most serious for children ages 1 and 2. The 1990 census shows
only 17 percent of Portland's housing is safe. The CLPPP can suggest methods of
living lead-safe for homes having high lead levels.

Lead, an extremely toxic metal, most commonly enters the body through ingestion,
usually from handling paint chips.

Lead may also be inhaled as dust caused by the opening and closing of a window
or home renovations. Very minimal exposure can result in poisonous lead levels
in a child's body.

Early detection is important and not enough children receive testing. Toxicity
may affect children's long-term cognitive function.

The CLPPP is waiting to learn if they will be invited to write a grant asking to
reinstate funding. Even if it is able to write a grant, funding is not
anticipated. We need to continue to reveal exposed children and make homes safe.

I urge Portland residents to contact their local representatives and express the
importance of preserving this valuable program for the welfare of the children.

If we act now, it may not be too late.

Katherine Woodsum

Yarmouth

Take safety course to best enjoy biking

I am glad that John Porter has enjoyed his recent use of a bicycle for
transportation. However, he makes a number of mistakes typical of people new to
this activity. His most serious mistake is stating; "When driving, the commute
involves waiting on the lights in town. . . . Not so with the bike." This is
incorrect.

Bicyclists are drivers of vehicles with all the rights and responsibilities this
implies. Bicyclists must, by law and for their safety, obey traffic lights and
traffic controls.

His wish for bike lanes and plan to use pedestrian facilities show that he does
not understand what is and isn't safe for bicyclists. Studies have shown that
approximately half of bicycle-related hospital admissions are from a solo fall.
Most pedestrian facilities are not constructed to be safe for bicyclist use with
respect to width, nearby obstructions, surface conditions or shared use with
pedestrians.

Only about 15 percent of bicycle-related hospital admissions are from a
bicyclist-automobile collision. Around 90 percent of those collisions occur at
or approaching an intersection. Bicycling on sidewalks so corrupts the safe
handling of intersections that all studies have shown that sidewalk riding is
one of the most dangerous things a bicyclist can do. Bike lanes not only do not
address the major bicyclist safety concerns but actually tend to encourage
improper roadway positioning approaching intersections.

"Effective Cycling" is an education program administered by the League of
American Bicyclists. The best way to enjoy safe roadway cycling is to take this
course.

Ken O'Brien

Gorham

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: b[w]

Staff photo by Gordon Chibroski Friends Tracy Grover, left, an;

 Jessie Sherwood share a supportive moment at commencement exercises Portland
High School last Wednesday. A Morse High School graduate wishes all students
would be as kind to each other.

                 Copyright 1999 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                              910 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 27, 1984, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

WHEN COMMUNITY WORK BECOMES PUNISHMENT

SECTION: Section A; Page 30, Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 187 words


To the Editor:


On several occasions in the last few weeks, you reported that people found
guilty of various charges had been sentenced to x number of hours doing
''community work'' - the most recent being a prominent artist found guilty of
driving a car at 105 miles an hour and a politician's son found guilty on a drug
charge.

As a volunteer with two decades of community work - on my own time, involving my
own efforts and funds - I am deeply resentful of ''community work'' being used
as a punishment. It not only demeans all volunteer efforts, it also makes such
efforts suspect: ''. . . and what were you guilty of?'' Other volunteers with
whom I have discussed the matter share my anger.  I have given time and effort
in a sincere attempt to help, mostly in trying to remedy failures of paid
professionals (like teaching functionally illiterate high school graduates to
read or trying to eliminate abusive treatment of our food animals and companion
animals), but I feel now that all my future time shall be mine. I have been
punished enough.

MARION L. NICKEL Rhinebeck, N.Y., March 17, 1984

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: letter

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              911 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           October 11, 2006 Wednesday

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 508 words


RICHMOND, VRICHMOND, Va. (AP) - The College of William & Mary plans to phase out
the use of two Indian feathers in its athletic logo in response to a ruling by
the NCAA calling the imagery offensive to Native Americans, the school said
Tuesday.

In a letter to the Williamsburg school's community, college president Gene R.
Nichol lashed out about the NCAA's sanctions that ultimately forced the school
to stop using the green and gold logo it has had since the late 1970s.

"I am compelled to say, at the outset, how powerfully ironic it is for the
College of William & Mary to face sanction for athletic transgression at the
hands of the NCAA," Nichol wrote. "The Association has applied its mascot
standards in ways so patently inconsistent and arbitrary as to demean the entire
undertaking."

In August, the NCAA denied William & Mary's appeal of a ruling that prohibits it
from using the logo at NCAA championship events or from hosting NCAA tournament
games where the logo would be displayed. The school was allowed to continue
using its Tribe nickname.

The ruling was part of an ongoing process by the NCAA to review the mascots,
nicknames and logos used by more than 30 schools to see if they could be
considered "hostile and abusive" to Native Americans.

"We're encouraged that they have made a move to discontinue use of the logo,"
said Bob Williams, an NCAA spokesman. "From the beginning, the NCAA instituted
this policy not as punishment but to ensure that our own NCAA championships are
free from Native American imagery."

Nichol said the school decided not to sue the NCAA after losing its appeal,
declining to "divert further energies" to defending the logo.

"I will not make our athletes pay for our broader disagreements with a governing
association," Nichol said, calling the decision the correct course of action,
despite disappointing some in the community. "We are required to hold fast to
our values whether the NCAA does so or not."

Nichol also touted the school's academic standards while pointing out issues
taking place at other schools under NCAA supervision.

"Across the country, in the face of massive academic underperformance,
embarrassing misbehaviors on and off the field, and grotesque commercialization
of intercollegiate athletics, the NCAA has proven hapless, or worse," Nichol
said.

The school plans to replace the logo for the start of the fall 2007 semester
through input from a committee of faculty and staff, students and alumni.

Several universities changed or agreed to change their nicknames or logos after
the NCAA policy discouraging use of these names was announced in 2005. Otherss
have filed appeals, seeking permission from the NCAA to continue use of the
nicknames or logos.

The University of North Dakota is the only school that has filed a lawsuit after
its appeal involving its Fighting Sioux nickname was rejected.

Teams that have continued using Indian nicknames with the NCAA's blessing
include the Florida State University Seminoles, Central Michigan University
Chippewas and the University of Utah Utes.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2006 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              912 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Express

                                October 1, 2003

CONCERN GROWS AS SUPERMODEL GOES INTO HIDING AFTER SUFFERING BABY BLUES; FEARS
FOR ELLE

BYLINE: By Martin Evans

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 431 words


FEARS were growing last night over the health of supermodel Elle Macpherson
following rumours that she is suffering from exhaustion and depression.

The Australian-born mother of two, who has admitted suffering from a form of
post-natal depression, recently pulled out of attending a number of public
events, sparking rumours that she may be unwell.

Now the model, whose stunning figure earned her the nickname The Body, is
understood to be resting and receiving treatment for her illness.

While refusing to confirm or deny reports that she may have checked into a
clinic in the US, Macpherson's family and friends would not be drawn on the
whereabouts of the 39-year-old star.

When asked whether it was true that her daughter was suffering from exhaustion
and depression, her mother, Fran, said: "I would not demean myself by
commenting." The model's sister, Mimi, responded to questions on the issue with
a bitter attack on the press, adding: "I am not even going to go there."

But the rumours have been further fuelled by the fact that the model and
businesswoman has cancelled a number of high-profile public appearances in the
last few weeks.

She was due to be the guest of honour at next month's Melbourne Cup horserace,
in her homeland, but has already pulled out leaving the organisers upset.

And just last week, she cancelled an appearance at the opening of Diane Von
Furstenberg's boutique in London.

Macpherson, who is engaged to Swiss businessman Arpad Busson, gave birth to the
couple's second child, Cy, in February.

In a recent TV interview, she admitted that she had suffered "a sort of
post-natal depression" after the birth.

As well as being mother to Cy and five-year-old Flynn, Macpherson balances her
modelling work with the running of a multi-million-pound lingerie business, Elle
Macpherson Intimates. She has homes in London and Australia and the family
regularly cross the globe between the two.

She recently spoke out about the pressure that women in the public eye face to
get back into shape after having children. Months after giving birth she said:
"I haven't lost every skerrick of weight yet, but that's normal - I only had Cy
in February. Sure, I may not be skinny-skinny, but who cares?"

Yesterday her Sydney-based agent Patti Mostyn said she had no idea that
Macpherson was having any problems.

"I haven't heard anything to suggest there are any problems with Elle anywhere.
I haven't a clue, so I can't help you, " she said.

Her manager, who was in Connecticut, US, was not returning calls yesterday.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2003 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS


                              913 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            April 23, 2014 Wednesday

Luckie to stay in prison, judge says;
Former Dayton state rep is serving a 3-year sentence.

BYLINE: By Laura A. Bischoff

SECTION: ; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 304 words


Clayton Luckie, 50, has served 13 months of his sentence so far.

COLUMBUS - Former Dayton state representative Clayton Luckie's request to get
out of prison early was denied Tuesday by Franklin County Common Pleas Court
Judge Colleen O'Donnell.

Luckie asked in December for early release from his three-year prison sentence
for money laundering, theft and election falsification. Luckie pleaded guilty to
charges that he misused roughly $130,000 from his campaign account between 2006
and 2012 while serving in the Ohio House.

In denying the request, O'Donnell said, "Release at this time would demean the
seriousness of the offenses. As an elected official, defendant's failure to
properly report more than $100,000 worth of transactions made with a campaign
debit card - many of which were of a personal nature - are egregious violations
of the public trust."

Luckie had also agreed in his plea deal to serve the three-year sentence, the
judge said. "A bargain is a bargain," O'Donnell wrote.

Luckie, 50, is at Southeastern Correctional Institution near Lancaster. He has
served 13 months so far.

Investigators found that Luckie, a Democrat, used his campaign account to write
$9,825 in checks to himself, make 169 cash withdrawals totaling $19,000 and
conduct 800 debit card transactions totaling almost $40,000. The spending sprees
included ATM withdrawals at casinos, a payment on a home equity line of credit,
and purchases at Morris Home Furnishings, Weber Jewelers, Nordstrom, Lowe's,
Babies R Us and other retailers.

Luckie agreed to pay back the $11,893 in state salary that he received between
his criminal indictment in October 2012 and the end of his legislative term in
December 2012. He is banned from running for or holding elective office for five
years and he faces three years of probation after his prison release.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              914 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           December 5, 2013 Thursday

Dec. 6 Readers' letters: Older workers face discrimination in Silicon Valley

BYLINE: From Mercury News readers

SECTION: LETTERS; News; Opinion

LENGTH: 764 words


Valley discriminates against older workers

Reading Vivek Ranadive's piece on discrimination (Opinion, Dec. 2) made me wince
when I got to his last sentence. He claims, "The valley has never given up on
any of us." I invite Ranadive to consider what must be the thousands of
50-and-older workers in the valley who, having been laid off from their jobs
over the past 10 years, are still unemployed or underemployed. Though businesses
don't want to admit or talk about it, there is a serious problem of age
discrimination in the valley, where companies seems to wildly favor younger
workers. Instead of issuing more visas for young foreign nationals to work in
the valley, how about a concerted effort from businesses to tap into the rich
base of experience of older workers?

Bob Crum

Sunnyvale

'Puppet' cartoon both disturbing, misleading

Mike Luckovitch's cartoon ("The Puppet Master," Cartoonist's Views, Dec. 2) is
no laughing matter. It projects the image of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu trying to "pull the strings" of President Obama as he talks with
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani. The picture is disturbing because it demeans
Obama's bold attempt to eliminate Iran's ability to build a nuclear bomb. The
picture also reinforces a misconception that Israel is the only country that
wants Obama to take a tougher negotiating stance with Iran. It is a fact that
Israelis have a greater sense of urgency and are more vocal about the outcome of
the negotiations because Iran has consistently threatened them with
annihilation. However, it is also true that virtually all of the moderate
Islamic countries of the Middle East share Israel's view of the danger that a
nuclear Iran poses to world peace and therefore the need for holding firm in
negotiations.

Robert Chaykin

Jewish Community Relations Council of Silicon Valley Los Gatos

Don't think that Iran will accede to demands

Diplomacy with Iran (Editorial, Dec. 4) indicates that Iran won't do a number of
things as part of its six-month agreement with the United States and its
European partners related to its nuclear program. However, because the agreement
is only six months, the Mercury News' editorial board says it's worth a trial to
find out how serious the Iranians are. Forget that Israel and Saudi Arabia have
major problems with the agreement. Isn't this the same road the Clinton
administration took with North Korea? What was the result? North Korea cheated
and did what it wanted. Can we expect the same from Iran? Yes, we can, and six
months only gives them more time toward their ultimate goal of a bomb. No deal
is better than a dumb deal.

Ken Lichtenstein

Santa Clara

Make that midair call, but recite Shakespeare

Now that we are threatened with unlimited cellphone use to add to the miseries
of air travel, Scott Mayerowitz suggests (Page 1C, Nov. 23) that "quiet rows" be
installed -- no doubt for a fee. As with "quiet cars" on trains -- shades of the
old "nonsmoking" sections -- it is the civilized and harmless who must seek
refuge from their tormentors.

Why not install a soundproof cage (in the baggage hold?), where the selfish and
self-important cellphoners could yap away in each other's faces? They might even
learn that in all the billions of calls ever made on a cellphone, nothing
memorable -- or even interesting -- is hardly ever said.

Meanwhile, I recommend an innocent counteroffensive: reciting poetry.
Shakespeare soliloquies and sonnets usually do the trick -- though nothing beats
a risqué limerick.

Peter Brodie

Palo Alto

High-speed rail has too much upside to ignore

High-speed rail begins at 125 mph and averages 157.5 mph worldwide. California
needs the benefits of HSR between regions to provide the mobility and
connectivity for its populace that will attract riders and enable congestion
relief from road and air travel while providing for family, recreation and
commerce. California's program is in dire straits due to it being mired in all
things monetary, legislative and environmental. The route selected and the
operational goals reflect decades of research and work. The joining of the
Central Valley and the coast will bolster greater diversity, palpability and
accountability. Reworking a slow line (67.5 mph average) provides few benefits.
A quick line on I-5 would exclude the valley and mountain regions from potential
gains. Gov. Jerry Brown and California High-Speed Rail Authority Chairman Dan
Richards have it right with ongoing tweaks. Get off their backs and move forward
with high-speed rail.

Jeff Windham

Student Mineta Transportation Institute San Jose State University

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              915 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            December 11, 2005 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Colleges are fumbling sports reform

BYLINE: Diane Carman Denver Post Staff Columnist

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. C-01

LENGTH: 690 words


Relax, Buffs fans. Sure, Nobel Prize-winning faculty members may come and go,
promised state support may be redirected to build roads, and financial aid for
academically gifted students may continue to be scarce, but your tailgate
parties are secure.

"I want it to be clear that I'm going to bring a great football coach to this
university," University of Colorado-Boulder athletic director Mike Bohn said
last week.

Boy, that's a relief.

But seriously, here's what I wish Bohn or CU president Hank Brown or somebody -
anybody - would have had the guts to say instead:

"CU is going to create a new paradigm for athletics in this country. The way we
have managed our football and basketball programs in the past is no longer
appropriate for a distinguished institution of higher learning. It demeans all
of us.

"CU was not founded 129 years ago to generate profits for the sportswear, liquor
and entertainment industries. Our mission, purely, simply and proudly, is to
create and disseminate knowledge.

"In the past decade, we have sacrificed our credibility in pursuit of a
questionable and elusive goal: victory in a bowl game named after a tortilla
chip.

"We no longer will hold the taxpayers of this state hostage to outrageous
coaching contracts that make a mockery of accountability. We no longer will
exploit young people who can't succeed in our classrooms by indenturing them to
years in a football or basketball program that has little chance of providing
them with a decent future. We no longer will accept the kinds of compromises of
our values of honesty and decency required to keep the slush funds, the recruits
and the endorsement contracts coming here.

"We remain committed to high-quality amateur athletics for our students. If the
football industry or the owners of professional basketball teams require
minor-league programs, they are free to create these enterprises without the
support of our taxpayers, our students and our donors. Any use of University of
Colorado facilities, logos, marketing or public-relations services will be
prohibited without full compensation. Thank you.

"Now, have I told you about the program we are launching with contributions from
multimillionaire Gary Barnett to attract more faculty members from the National
Academy of Sciences?"

OK, call me a dreamer - it would be a refreshing change from what football fans
usually call me - but I'm not the only one. For years, James J. Duderstadt,
former president of the Rose Bowl-winning University of Michigan, has been
advocating just such changes.

The NCAA, university presidents and other insiders, he says, don't have the
"capacity, the will or the appetite to lead a true reform movement in college
sports."

What's needed, Duderstadt said in an e-mail exchange last week, is a kind of
Sarbanes-Oxley law to reform corrupt athletics the same way corruption in the
securities industry is being addressed.

We should start, he said, by eliminating the tax loopholes that prop up the
sports industry, such as seat taxes and deductions for sky boxes. The public
should demand full disclosure of the real costs of big-time sports, including
the academic performance of all athletes, the rate of sports injuries, and the
financial interests of coaches, athletic directors and all those involved in the
programs.

Further, university presidents and governing boards should be held accountable
for rules violations instead of letting a revolving cast of coaches for whom
winning is the only thing take the fall.

"Ironically, at a time when higher education has never been more important to
our nation ... confidence in the university has been badly damaged by the
corruption of big-time college sports," Duderstadt said. Until universities
confront this pig in the parlor, "they will be unable to earn the public trust."

Forget the myth that football pumps millions into university budgets every year.
Even if it were true, it wouldn't matter. As the tattered reputation of CU
demonstrates, football - and our obsession with it - has cost us dearly.

Diane Carman's column appears Sunday, Tuesday and Thursday. She can be reached
at 303-820-1489 or dcarman@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              916 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Sunday Times (London)

                            August 13, 2000, Sunday

A woman of simple faith

BYLINE: Janet Watts

SECTION: Features

LENGTH: 675 words


ANN THE WORD. By Richard Francis. Fourth Estate. Pounds 14.99, pp388

Ann Lee, the illiterate daughter of a Manchester blacksmith, became a spiritual
leader who pioneered the establishment of the United Society of Believers in
Christ's Second Appearing in 18th-century New England. These were the Shakers,
who created America's oldest communal society. Their devout, simple, celibate
lives and beautiful artefacts are now again attracting interest in "Old and New
England", as they called their native and adopted countries.

Their leader has a unique place in the social and religious history of the West
and has deserved the attention of a serious biographer for the two centuries
since her death in 1784. Unfortunately, she has yet to receive it. The novelist
Richard Francis did well to spot her fascination as a subject for study. But he
demeans her, the Shakers and their students with this book. He tells us little
new of Lee. But what we know is stark and remarkable, and nothing can diminish
that.

Lee was born in 1736, in Manchester, had no schooling, worked as a child in a
cotton mill, became a cook at Manchester Infirmary. In 1758, she joined the
"Shaking Quakers", a small group of dissenters formed in nearby Bolton-on Moors
by two Quaker tailors, Jane and James Wardley. They were anti-clerical,
apocalyptic and millennial, reviving the tremblings, groans, shouts and loud
praises that characterised the Quakers' services before quietism calmed them
down.

Lee married a blacksmith and bore four babies, all of whom died. After years of
"travail and tribulation", she said, "My soul broke forth to God", as in a
childbirth. By 1770 the Wardleys had consigned the Shakers to Lee's spiritual
authority. Although she never claimed the title herself, the believers saw her
as the "female messiah".

People disregard prophets and dislike prophetesses. Lee began to suffer sexual
humiliation, mob violence, incarceration and calumny in Manchester. After a
vision of "the lost situation of the people of America...sunk in their
pollutions", Lee and eight followers sailed to New York on the Mariah in 1774,
and she took her mission to 36 towns in Massachusetts and Connecticut. Horrific
persecution dogged these exhausting travels. This seems to excite Francis, who
devotes his book's latter part to the sequence of whippings, burnings,
violations, chases and fights with an enthusiasm found nowhere else in it.

Lees's final misfortune has been to gain a biographer who draws her as a freak,
a manipulator and a pain. Francis compounds the misogynistic abuse of her life
in clumsy prose larded with the adjectives "weird", "strange" and "odd", filling
the holes in his scholarship with speculation and vacuous personal comment. He
writes of Lee: "Everything... suggests that she was able to an extraordinary
degree to combine qualities of two of the roles that most embody, in the absence
of modern career structures, the possibility of female power: witch and mother
(femme fatale, at least in the usual sense of the phrase, not being an available
option)." Of her tale of sorrow, he allows "she had every reason to be
downcast", but adds, "as so often there's a stylised and exaggerated quality
about this account: from a certain point of view it seems to be more closely
related to Monty Python than to the Bible".

With a biographer like this, who needs enemies? The sect itself fares no better.
"Ultimately there is no point in trying to explain away the bizarre antics of
the Wardleys and their followers," he opines. "Our distance in time and
behaviour is too great; in any case Shaker worship is intrinsically
inexplicable, something that happened outside the scope of ordinary life and
beyond the realm of rationality." These smart-alecky references might seem like
wit on a chat show, but here appear as nonsense, insulting the subject and the
reader.

See The God mother in the Sunday Times magazine, p38. Ann the Word is available
at the Bookshop price of Pounds 12.99 inc p&p on 0870 165 8585


LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Biography; Books

                    Copyright 2000 Times Newspapers Limited


                              917 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                            February 26, 2016 Friday

Carl Frampton won't accept dressing down from Scott Quigg

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 720 words


Speaking at yesterday s final pre-fight press conference in Manchester, Barry
McGuigan s protege maintained Quigg is the only bum note in a (soap) opera that
will finally climax tomorrow night after five years of talk and hype.

The latest divisive subject to ramp up an already intense rivalry is the
question of who gets the  star  dressing room for the world super-bantamweight
unification bout at the Manchester Arena tomorrow night.

There has been an ongoing effort from both fighters  teams to upset and demean
the opposition and Frampton wore a grin when speaking about the latest farcical
row as he mischievously crooned:  (Say) if the band Elbow are from Bury, his
[Quigg s] home town. U2 are from Dublin  If U2 come to the Manchester Arena
supported by Elbow, who gets the main dressing room? U2 or Elbow? It s U2.

It may appear to be a rather trivial debate, but in a fight that took years to
make, every sensitive issue creates ammunition for the warring sides.

When asked if a cancellation could be on the cards, Frampton was adamant that
either he gets star treatment or else neither fighter should occupy the disputed
dressing room for the Sky Box Office pay-per-view bout.

The 29-year-old is not entertaining the idea that his rival gets his way, but
while it may appear that Frampton is playing the diva, it seemed quite obvious
that the row is an effort to upset 27-year-old Quigg   and one that seems to
have worked.

I m not moving. It s either I m in or we lock the door,  said Frampton.

I m in the dressing room or the dressing room is locked. That s the bottom line.
I m not giving in to Quigg. I m the A side here, I m not giving in to him.

The Belfast Jackal s motivation may be to play mind games with his rival as
fight night approaches, with further antics expected at today s weigh-in, but
his argument is based on his status as  champion  for the title unification
bout.

Big-time boxing today is riddled with paper titles, but Frampton is a genuine
world champion and this is a genuinely competitive fight between two unbeaten
foes.

Quigg also holds a world title (the WBA version), but the controversial
circumstances in which he was awarded that belt mean many question his
credentials even if they do not argue against his talent or ability.

The difficult negotiation process to make the fight produced an agreement which
has seen Frampton being afforded the privileges normally associated with being
champion  on fight night and the Belfast native has had first billing in the
promotional build-up and will walk to the ring second.

In truth, the latest debate seems centred on Frampton s belief that Quigg is
superstitious about occupying the  home  dressing room in Manchester, with the
Irish fighter keeping up his musical tune during the top-table section of the
press conference as he played an audio clip of Stevie Wonder s 1972 hit
Superstition  on his iPhone.

If he backs himself so much it shouldn t matter what dressing room he goes into,
questioned Frampton of his rival s self-confidence or lack thereof.

He s the one who is rattled  I don t have any superstitions. I don t have any
weaknesses.

Quigg is not up for a compromise, claiming  It s the dressing room I want and
that s it , and while his promoter Eddie Hearn was also slightly rancorous at
times during the press conference, the Matchroom promoter was adamant that the
fight will not be derailed by the dressing-room drama.

They [Team Frampton] couldn t walk away from this, they d be a laughing stock.
The fact is that when you re in a home fight and in the home corner, generally
you have the home changing room,  said Hearn.

I just find it so funny  What are we arguing over   a dressing room? They re
going to go in there and try to knock each other out, so does it really matter
where they get changed?

Tensions also continued to simmer between trainers Shane McGuigan (Barry s son)
and Joe Gallagher, while Hearn suggested that Frampton s travelling support from
Ireland   expected to be well into four figures   will not be as significant as
expected.

Meanwhile, Quigg s trainer Gallagher continued to insinuate Frampton will
struggle to make the 122lb super-bantamweight limit   a claim quickly dismissed
by the Irish fighter.

More drama is expected at today s weigh-in.

The real hits will not play out until tomorrow.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              918 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         School Library Journal Reviews

                                  July 1, 2012

Pretty Crooked

BYLINE: Emma Burkhart

SECTION: THE BOOK REVIEW; Grades 5-up; Pg. 83 Vol. 58 No. 7

LENGTH: 251 words


Gr 8 Up--Willa feels like a bit of a misfit when she starts a new school in the
aptly named town of Paradise Valley-until she becomes friends with a group of
wealthy, popular girls known as the Glitterati. They seem too good to be true,
and of course they are.

Once Willa discovers that they are the creators of a nasty blog that mocks and
demeans the school's less affluent students, she vows revenge via a
redistribution of wealth-or, as she puts it, she begins "kickin' it Robin
Hood-style." She embarks on a binge of thievery followed by shopping, and then
anonymously delivers designer clothing to the girls targeted by the Glitterati's
cyberbullying. It's a fun premise, and a decent first-novel attempt, but the
book leaves a few things to be desired. The tone is light and the language is
peppered with preppy slang and name-dropping, which gives it a certain zing but
also a distinct transience. Most frustrating is that the superficial nature of
Willa's campaign is not addressed. It never comes up that the scholarship girls
upon whom she bestows her gifts probably have more elemental needs, rendering
her upscale charity pretty insensitive. She realizes, in a basic way, that what
she's done is wrong (stealing is bad!), but that's as far as her reflection
goes. The action careens to an abrupt conclusion, leaving loose ends that seem
like a deliberate setup for a sequel. The question is whether the material is
compelling enough to merit one.--Emma Burkhart, Springside School, Philadelphia,
PA

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                      Copyright 2012 Library Journals, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              919 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            March 4, 2009 Wednesday

-GOV'S HEALTHY GAM-BIT (M) -GOV RUNS INTO FOTO FLAK (S, LCF)

BYLINE: FREDRIC U. DICKER State Editor

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 221 words


ALBANY - Picture perfect, he's not - and now Gov. Paterson is taking heat for
posing in running shorts in his Manhattan office.

The photo, for Runner's World magazine, led some to suggest the governor could
be demeaning his office, but Paterson insisted he was OK with it "because it
helps promote the importance of exercise and an active and healthy lifestyle."

Paterson, 54, talked in the article about his late-blooming interest in jogging
and marathon racing, and his membership in the Achilles Track Club, which
encourages people with disabilities to engage in athletic pursuits.

The governor, who is legally blind, spoke further about his running experiences
during an interview on Albany's Talk 1300-AM, where he related his difficulty in
finishing Utica's 9.3 mile Boilermaker run last summer.

"I got to the six-mile point and I thought, to be perfectly honest to myself, I
can't finish this race," he said.

"I started to get out and then I thought if I leave this race in the sixth mile
in what was a 9.3-mile race, twice as much would be written about me than if I
stayed in and absorbed it. So I stayed in."

The governor , who took office last March after Eliot Spitzer resigned amid a
high-priced hooker scandal, said he had no immediate plans to enter another race
- except his own race for election next year.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SHORTS STORY: Gov. Paterson disputes the notion this photo demeans his
office.  [Runner's World]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              920 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                          February 18, 2009 Wednesday

Phantoms true testament of community rallying around a sports team

BYLINE: David Ritchie SPORTS EDITOR

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 766  words


It was interesting to listen to comedian Bill Maher demean the value of sports
and their role in society on the Larry King Show the other night.

To be fair, Maher, who hosted a show called 'Politically Incorrect on Comedy, '
was responding to a question about New York Yankees' Alex Rodriguez, the latest
in an expanding list of admitted druggies in professional sport. So his mind-set
might have been skewed by that.

In the interview, Maher wondered why people made such a big fuss over athletes
using a bat to hit a little white ball, or catch a spiral down the middle of a
football field or dunk a basketball through a man-made hoop.

Why should people care so much about whether it's team A or B winning a
particular game, asked Maher. "In the big scheme of things, does it really make
a difference?''

He might think differently if he knew of the story of the Bathurst High School
Phantoms, a high school boys basketball team coming to the Aitken Centre on
Saturday to play in the Final 8.

It's not really so much that the Phantoms have won 34 of their 37 games this
season. Or that they came back from first-half deficits in each of their
semifinal and final game victories at the provincial sectional tournament last
weekend in their own gym.

To read the game account, the gym was packed and there was nary a dry eye in the
house upon the conclusion.

Heck, it's not even about whether they can beat the Campobello Island Vikings in
the provincial boys AA final scheduled for 3 o'clock at the Aitken Centre. Sure,
like any team, they want to win, and it'd be a great way to end the season.

And that was the focus of school administrators yesterday. Vice-principal George
Willett didn't want to talk about the "story within the story'' aspect of the
Phantoms, citing the school's desire to focus on the task at hand. This is not
the time, he said. "We don't want to distract from the kids (and their goal of
winning a provincial title).''

Moving on, because there's a game still to be played.

Regardless of whether there's a NBIAA banner to hang in the gym or not, the
eight basketballers who'll be sporting the "red and black'' colours of Bathurst
High when they run out onto the floor of the Aitken Centre, are already
champions of what sport is really all about.

Transcending the wins and losses. Cheering on the "good" guys. And fighting the
good fight.

Moving on, because there's a game to be played.

Sure, we remember. The sports community all over the province, all over the
country in fact, responded to the terrible tragedy that claimed the lives of
seven basketball players and the wife of the head coach from Bathurst High in
January of 2008.

People who watched the mass funeral on province-wide TV felt the anguish and the
pain of those grieving their loss. You couldn't help but be affected.

It's a pretty powerful support group, those moms and dads who take their kids to
the schoolyard to play sports each and every year.

The community of sport.

Lest we forget. But moving on, because there's another game to be played.

No doubt it would have been easy for the school to forget about basketball for
this year at least.

And no doubt there was probably a sense of melancholy among the kids who simply
wanted the opportunity to play for their high school basketball team. To wear
the school colours. To be a part of a team and all the good residual effect that
goes with that. To strive to be the best they can be.

The power of sport.

Despite the circumstances and despite the legacy of those who had fallen before
them, this group has flourished, to the point of where they now find themselves
in position to vie for a championship.

Perseverance? A week ago, as they were practising for the upcoming sectional
they were hosting, their head coach and a former player, Alan Doucet, collapsed
to the floor, the victim of what was later learned to be a heart attack.

The players could only look on as one of the assistant coaches performed
cardio-pulmonary resuscitation in an effort to save his life.

Yet another life lesson to be learned.

The team, under the guidance of assistant coaches, Mike Parkhill and Brad
McLellan, forged ahead.

The story goes that after they beat Devon Park Christian School 58-44 in
Friday's semifinal, they went to the hospital to present coach Doucet with a
copy of the game.

The next day, they went out and beat the McAdam High Warriors 74-62 to earn
their way to the Aitken Centre. And they presented coach Doucet with a copy of
that game as well.

Moving on, there's still a game to be played.

David Ritchie can be contacted at ritchie.david@dailygleaner.com or by calling
458-6484.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2009 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              921 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The West Australian (Perth)

                             April 1, 2006 Saturday
                                     METRO

This pair had everyone talking

BYLINE: LEN FINDLAY

SECTION: MAGAZINE; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 421  words


MIDNIGHT COWBOY

In 1967 Dustin Hoffman was The Graduate, a smooth college kid who could attract
the delicious Anne Bancroft's Mrs Robinson. By 1969 he was Enrico Salvatore
Rizzo, known as Ratso, a street bum who could attract only street rats.

Hoffman's portrayal of Enrico - he is too sad a character to demean further by
calling him Ratso - and Jon Voigt as Joe Buck in Midnight Cowboy still haunt
almost 40 years on.

Buck is an unsophisticated Texan who thinks he can make money as a male
prostitute while Rizzo is, well, nothing. He has a street savvy, but he is a
loser. He thinks he is a wheeler and dealer when he is only handed life's cards.
He never deals them.

The pair are thrown together and the film shows their attempts at getting rich
around Times Square. Not the flashy, neon-lit Times Square, but the seedy place
of deals and disappointments, depressingly shown by director John Schlesinger.

Joe's attempts at getting money from "tricks" are pitiful and there is a sudden
and nasty violent episode with a homosexual.

There is an almost-obligatory psychedelic party scene which was a fine excuse
for showing lots of young female skin, but looked out of place in 1969 and even
more so now.

That is a minor gripe. Hoffman, notorious for living his characters, put small
pebbles in his shoe to make Rizzo's limp authentic.

Voigt's big breakthrough almost never got going because Lee Majors was signed
for the role until his TV series The Big Valley was renewed and he could not get
out of his contract.

The music adds greatly to the shadowy world of these two drifters with
Everybody's Talking the stand-out. Yet Harry Nilsson, who had a massive hit with
Fred Neil's classic had already written I Guess the Lord Must be in New York
City, for the film only to find it dropped.

Midnight Cowboy was the only film to have won the best picture Oscar while
carrying an X rating. This was later amended to an R because the porn merchants
had hijacked the X label.

The film ends with Buck and Rizzo, by then totally dependent on each other,
trying to ride a bus to the Florida sunshine ("I'm goin' where the weather suits
my clothes . . . ") only for Rizzo to die in the arms of his only friend.

On a footnote: Movie buffs for more than 30 years believed that Hoffman's famous
"I'm walkin' here, I'm walkin' here" line as he slapped a car which almost hit
him was ad-libbed and kept in.

Producer Jerome Hellman, in the recently issued two-DVD set, admitted it was
always scripted and the driver was not a civilian but a stuntman-actor.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Dustin Hoffman and Jon Voight in Midnight Cowboy.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 West Australian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              922 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                          December 10, 2003, Wednesday

CHANEY, MUTOMBO STILL HAVE HARD TIME

BYLINE: MARC BERMAN

SECTION: Metro; Pg. 105

LENGTH: 358 words


KNICK NOTES

LOS ANGELES - Don Chaney doesn't intend to demean Dikembe Mutombo's skills, but
sometimes it comes off that way when the coach defends himself against criticism
about the center's playing time.

After winning Eastern Conference Player of the Week eight days ago, Mutombo has
had a mediocre western road trip, with his minutes and production both down.

Mutombo played 21 minutes at Golden State on Saturday, getting one rebound. He
was benched in Portland in the fourth quarter and was riddled with foul trouble
in Seattle on Wednesday.

After the Portland game, Chaney said he didn't play Mutombo more because "He
couldn't guard anyone out there."

Chaney, asked about Mutombo's downward turn before he faced Shaquille O'Neal
last night, said, "He's not going to be Player of the Week every week. I think
he was fortunate to get it once. And that's not to knock his talent. I think we
were fortunate where he had a stretch of games where he played exceptionally
well. He may get it again later on. But it's not going to be a consistent thing.
He's not that type of player."

*

Keith Van Horn leads the Knicks in one category: turnovers per game, at 3.4.
There isn't a game that goes by when he doesn't commit at least one charge or
travel.

Van Horn said he's been the victim of flopping and he's trying to do a better
job preparing for the floppers on each team.

"I'm not the type who throws the ball away," Van Horn said.

Chaney said it's Van Horn's fault.

"I said to him when he first got here, a lot of the [infractions] come when he's
rushing and switching pivot feet," Chaney said. "Most of them are not passing
turnovers, they're foot movement, charging. A lot of times he's rushing to get
to the basket quicker. He has to slow down."

Chaney said he thinks officials are on to Van Horn's traveling trend.

"They know he switches pivot feet and that's what they're looking for," Chaney
said. "Guys who are used to doing things, even if it's illegal, you get away
with it, because that's what they're used to doing. They watch his feet more
than anything, especially with his back to the basket."

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              923 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            March 9, 2000, Thursday

INSIDER' HERO'S EX SUES: HIT DISNEY FILM DEMEANS' ME

BYLINE: Jeane MacIntosh

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 004

LENGTH: 363 words


The ex-wife of Jeffrey Wigand, the whistle-blowing hero of "The Insider," says
Disney used her life story without permission and portrayed her "disparagingly"
in the Oscar-nominated flick.

"Instead of making her out to be a brave woman who was supportive of her husband
and tried to keep her family intact in a terrible situation, Disney made her out
to be a chump," said Tim Mills, lawyer for Lucretia Nimocks, the former Mrs.
Wigand.

"And she's no chump."

Disney has made millions off the critically acclaimed hit, which is up for seven
Academy Awards, including Best Picture.

Film companies cannot use a private person's life story for commercial gain
without the subject's permission.

But Mills said Disney never contacted Nimocks -- now happily remarried and
living in Texas -- or the two daughters she had with Wigand, about the film.

On Tuesday, the lawyer told Disney it would be served "formal and legal
demands," seeking financial restitution for Nimocks and her young daughters.

He is also claiming defamation -- saying Nimocks was "misportrayed in a
derogatory, disparaging and demeaning manner" -- and he wants Disney to publicly
set the record straight to "restore her reputation."

A Disney spokesman told The Post: "We have not yet had any correspondence from
[Nimocks'] lawyer." He did not get into the specifics of the dispute.

"The Insider" recounts the story of what happened when Wigand, a former
$300,000-a-year research exec with Brown & Williamson tobacco, lost his job and
decided to divulge the company's secrets to CBS's "60 Minutes."

Nimocks was wed to Wigand at the time, but says she left their 10-year union
during the period depicted in the movie because he was physically abusive.

She is depicted in the film as a shallow trophy wife, a self-absorbed
gold-digger who leaves Wigand after he loses his job at Brown & Williamson.


LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FUMING: Lucretia Nimocks is suing Disney, she says, for making her out
to be a chump in its box-office smash "The Insider." She also claims the studio
never asked her permission to include her in the life story of her husband,
Jeffrey Wigand (inset).  Tim Sharp (above) (M)

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              924 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    OCTOBER 15, 1998 Thursday SFCITY EDITION

HUD AUDIT QUESTIONS CITY ON SPENDING / THE GOVERNMENT SAID THE CITY SPENT
EMPOWERMENT ZONE MONEY OUTSIDE THE ZONE. THE CITY SAYS IT FOLLOWED THE RULES.

BYLINE: Peter Nicholas, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 658 words


The city has spent thousands of dollars in federal Empowerment Zone money in
ways that did not serve anyone living within the zone, and it exaggerated the
accomplishments of the program, according to a federal audit.

The report by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development's inspector
general - the first formal, outside look at the Empowerment Zone program in
Philadelphia - called for the city to reimburse the federal government for about
$83,000 spent on lead-paint removal that benefited people outside the zone. And
the audit said the city did not have documentation confirming that more than
$30,000 spent on child care and smoke detectors flowed to people living in the
zone.

Overall, the audit, dated Sept. 30, questioned about $150,000, or 30 percent of
the spending reviewed by the HUD inspector general.

City officials called the audit a "nit-picking" document that demeans a program
that they contend has created 400 jobs and plowed more than $15 million a year
into some of the most impoverished parts of the city.

In one case, the audit faults the city for distributing less than $700 worth of
smoke detectors on the side of a street that lay just outside the zone.

"If the other side of the street burns down, it's a problem for the zone," said
Donna Cooper, deputy mayor for policy and planning and one of the Rendell
administration officials who oversees the project. "This is like a joke. We
think it's squashing the spirit of the zone."

In late 1994, as part of the Clinton administration's anti-poverty initiative,
the city was given an Empowerment Zone. With the designation came more than $79
million in federal aid and grassroots control over various Empowerment Zone
activities.

The zone covers three Philadelphia neighborhoods: the Parkside area of West
Philadelphia, North Philadelphia to the west of Broad Street, and the "American
Street Corridor" bounded by Girard and Lehigh Avenues.

The audit cites several cases in which it said the city overstated its progress.
Goals were characterized by the city as already having been accomplished. The
city reported to HUD in June 1997 that the Cecil B. Moore commercial corridor
had produced a seven-store retail strip mall, 16 housing units and 35 jobs.

In fact, on that date there were only six prospective tenants for the mall. The
16 housing units were part of a separate, unrelated community-development
project, and the jobs had not been created, according to the audit.

The audit said the city "did not provide HUD with a realistic picture of actual
progress, and the impression exists that the benefits . . . were greater than
actually achieved."

The audit also faulted the city for reporting that 500 parents had attended a
conference on child care, supported by Empowerment Zone money. Only 55 parents
were there, according to the audit.

Cooper said the city received oral approval during a conference call with HUD to
fill out the report the way it did. Nonetheless, the inspector general
apparently expected a different format for the report, she said.

The city is conceding some errors. Cooper acknowledged that the lead removal,
performed by a company called Sea Change Environmental Services, did not reach
people in the zone. But she said the $83,000 paid to the company was a business
loan that is being repaid.

In some instances, the audit criticized the city for lacking records showing the
money was spent for its intended purpose. One example is nearly $7,000 worth of
smoke detectors distributed by volunteers in West Philadelphia.

Cooper said neighborhood children, serving as volunteers, passed out equipment
and did not always return with the required signatures.

"But if you said to my staff, 'Did you see kids go door to door and give out
fire detectors?' they would say, 'Absolutely,' " Cooper said. "I was there. I
know they gave out fire detectors in the zone."

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1998 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              925 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  June 2, 1995, Friday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

CHIEF ILLINIWEK: PRIDE OR PREJUDICE?; MASCOT PERPETUATES RACIAL STEREOTYPE AND
DEMEANS NATIVE AMERICANS

BYLINE: Dennis Tibbetts

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 770 words

COMMENTARY COLUMN


Gov. Jim Edgar is in position to decide whether Indian people are to be
officially viewed as mascots or real people. He has before him the bill passed
by the Illinois Legislature that would make "Chief Illiniwek" the legal "symbol"
of the University of Illinois.

At the university, a white student in full Lakota regalia and face paint dances
at the half times of sporting events, and the head of an Indian in a feathered
bonnet is the licensed trademark of the university.

As the leader of all people in the state of Illinois, Edgar has the moral
obligation to treat all those people with dignity and respect and, thus, must
veto this bill.

I am an enrolled member of the White Earth Chippewa in Minnesota. I left my
position as assistant dean and clinical counselor at the University of Illinois
last month because I could no longer tolerate working on multicultural issues
while the university maintained a policy that continued to support Chief
Illiniwek.

In March 1994, I filed a racial discrimination complaint against the university
with the U.S. Department of Education's Office for Civil Rights, claiming that
the use of an Indian mascot created a hostile environment for Indian people at
the university. This complaint is in the last stages of investigation. The
pressure from this complaint prompted Rep. Richard J. Winkel, R-Champaign, and
Sen. Stanley B. Weaver, R-Urbana, to create a bill to protect the "chief."

If the Department of Education decides that the use of the chief by the
university violates civil rights and if this bill is signed into law, the burden
to defend the mascot against the federal government would be turned over the
state.

Indian people who object to the chief are constantly told by white people,
"Don't you have more important issues to address in your community"? Obviously,
white people as well as Indian people believe control of an Indian image and how
Indians are stereotyped are important issues.

The burden of proof is on the university and possibly the state to explain to
Indians and non-Indians why the use of Chief Illiniwek is not a harmful racial
stereotype. The performance and the image of the chief were usurped 67 years
ago. The university has had ample time to comply with its mission to educate
people about Native Americans within the curriculum and to include native people
as contributing members of the campus community as faculty, staff and students.

Instead, the university has placed enormous effort into marketing the chief, a
plains warrior, which is the stereotype image of a violent history and which
depicts Indians as a people of the past. After 67 years of promoting its Indian
tradition the result for contemporary Indians at the university is this: There
are no Indians who are tenured faculty in admissions, in minority services or in
higher administration. The University of Illinois is 10th in the Big Ten in
recruiting Indian students.

I realize that for a great many people, the sight of Chief Illiniwek elicits
powerful positive emotions. They believe that the chief is a symbol that
respectfully honors the Illini Confederacy, and the sight of the chief at half
time brings sentimental tears to their eyes. They fail to realize that the sight
of the chief brings tears of pain, anger and rage to the eyes of many Indian
people. Whose tradition is being trampled when the personification of an Indian
chief is used for white entertainment?

Considerable hostility occurs when Indian people on campus voice their
objections to the whole persona of Chief Illiniwek. These Indian people are
quickly targeted as problem Indians.

Illinois has a tradition of dealing with problem Indians, which explains why the
Peoria Tribe, who were part of the Illini Confederacy, are not in Miama, Okla.,
instead of Peoria, Ill. I suppose that forced move was done out of respect and
honor as well.

The use of our severed head as the chief logo has a violent history. The severed
head is part of the history of the conquest of Indian people by whites who cut
off the heads of Indian men, women and children and displayed them around their
forts as trophies of power and triumph.

I realize that this celebration of power is not the intent of most chief
supporters. As I went through my daily routine as an employee at the university,
I was surrounded by this warrior head on every imaginable object in my
environment.

As a former Marine who fought in Vietnam, the frozen image of a brother warrior
is a painful reminder of the slaughter we endured, and I will not tolerate it.
Gov. Edgar should not tolerate it either.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              926 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                 March 9, 1995, Thursday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

LETTERS;
Americans first

BYLINE: PAGE TAYLOR; Blairsville

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 1101 words


I was taken aback at a recent letter writer's audacity to speak of "American"
rights while proclaiming to be "African." In all likelihood, she is an American
of African heritage. The unwillingness of ethnic groups to declare their
citizenship first and their ethnicity second will be the destruction of this
country.

Cause and effect
RICHARD HANDELSMAN, Lithia Springs

Concerning the recent adulatory article on the success of innovative class
structure at Rockdale County's Salem High School:

No. 1, every high school has successful students. And No. 2, the students
profiled would have succeeded in any structure. Lithia Springs High School, a
typical, conventional, ordinary, run-of- the-mill high school where I have
worked with gifted students for 15 years, has sent (and will send) students (on
scholarships) to Dartmouth, Yale, Cornell, Rice, MIT, Duke, Vanderbilt and
Columbia, not to mention the honors programs at the University of Georgia and
Georgia Tech. The high SAT scores at our school have ranged from 1380 to 1540.
Every year, we have two or three National Merit finalists, presidential
scholars, etc., etc.

My major point is not that you deify Salem High, but that you demean other
Georgia high schools whose students' academic achievements at least match those
of Salem's. My minor point is that the article does not prove that the novel
scheduling produced the success, only that the "Socratic seminars" accompanied
the seniors' noteworthy accomplishments.

A 4-letter word for . . .
SHERILYN KRELL, Atlanta

For years, my husband has enjoyed borrowing the public library's copies of the
New York Times and Washington Post Sunday magazines, and photocopying the
crossword puzzles to do at his leisure. Recently, some unknown patron at the
Sandy Springs branch of the Fulton County Public Library has begun working the
puzzles right in the magazines.

I reported the defacement to the librarians and asked to be called when the
papers arrived so I could insert a note to the perpetrator asking for
cooperation. One librarian suggested my husband buy his own weekly copy,
available at local bookstores (a $ 3.75 investment vs. a 15- cent copy). The
other said she could not call me, but would "try to monitor" the paper.

There are lots more serious problems in our city, I know, but the case of the
pandemic puzzler is another example of our society's disregard for public
property and for the rights of others.

'Newt for kids'
DONALD R. DONOVAN, Hiram

A recent letter writer complained about coverage on the "News for Kids" pages,
suggesting that kids would feel differently about Newt Gingrich if they knew
"that good ol' Newt wants to take away their school lunches, Barney and 'Sesame
Street' and put them in orphanages."

Newt only wants to give school lunch money to the states, where it can be used
more effectively (which Zell Miller thinks is a wonderful idea). Neither does
Newt want to do away with Barney and "Sesame Street." He just wants to stop
using taxpayer money to support their television programs while the copyright
holder gets rich from royalties from Barney dolls and Big Bird mugs.

And the only kids he wants to put in orphanages are the ones living with
15-year-old dropout mothers in rat-infested, roach-ridden slums that 40 years of
liberal dole have helped create.

That letter writer should be ashamed of herself for trying to mislead little
children! Thank God the kids have someone like Newt and hopefully won't have to
grow up in a world run by power-tripping liberals interested only in themselves.


Fresh fish
PHYLLIS MARBERGER

A recent article on safety guidelines for eating fish caught in Georgia answers
the wrong question. We should not ask how much of these toxins we can tolerate,
but rather how little is needed to grow our food and sustain our industries.

The alternative is to pour more tax dollars into the fruitless effort to assess
the risks and determine "acceptable" levels of toxins and carcinogens in our
lives and the environment. No one wants poisoned streams and fish, and the
public should not have to take risks when consuming such a basic food.

Marberger is director of Parents for Pesticide Alternatives. She lives in
Snellville.

What goes around
BETTIE RECHTMAN, Decatur

Can the defection of the Democrats to the Republican Party be analogous to rats
deserting a potentially sinking ship? Perhaps the jettisoning of all that excess
weight can be compared to dumping the ballast in order to permit the ship to
right itself, and to continue on its way all neat and trim. Sail on, oh ship of
state, and bring us to a safe and sane harbor!

It's only grunge
SUSAN STEPHENS, Marietta

(Regarding) the last paragraph of a recent news article titled " 'Kill 'til we
are killed' ':

It is outrageous to imply that wearing grunge-style clothing and listening to
Nirvana might prompt a child to become a murderer or indicate to others that he
or she has this predisposition. This is irresponsible journalism.

The grunge look, in itself, is in no way related to violence or antisocial
behavior. If anything, it is a peaceful expression of departure from the
restraints of society, and it is not intended to portray hostility or
aggression. Nirvana was about music and freedom of expression, not about
clothing, murder or anger.

I am 25. I graduated magna cum laude with two undergraduate degrees and a
master's. I work for a respected international company, and I am often
stereotyped as a "grunger" in my free time. People should not be judged by what
they wear or what they listen to. The fact that this child killed his parents is
horrific; however, let's not grasp for something or someone to blame.

THE TRIAL OF O. J. SIMPSON It's everywhere
KELLEY McCLUSKEY

O.J., O.J., O.J. It's all you hear about these days. I turn on the TV - O.J. I
turn on the radio - O.J. I look in the paper - surprise! More O.J. I just wish
they'd get it over with. Everybody knows he's guilty! I don't want to hear
anything else about it until they have a verdict.

It's everywhere
PETER TRAVIS

If you want to see death and blood and gore and guts, you don't have to go to
the movie theater. You don't have to rent a movie. You don't even have to have
cable. Just pick up the remote and turn on the 6 o'clock news. Don't get me
wrong - I enjoy good horror flicks. But this is getting out of hand. If I want
pools of blood and battered bodies, I'll watch "Texas Chainsaw Massacre."

Kelley and Peter are eighth-graders at Trickum Middle School in Lilburn.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              927 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             April 29, 2014 Tuesday

Letter: Do not censor Utah fight song

SECTION: PUBLIC FORUM; Opinion

LENGTH: 150 words


The Utah Fight Song, "I am a Utah man, sir..." was, as I understand it, composed
by an early football coach, perhaps with the aid of his players, perhaps with
the aid of some alcohol.

It is an authentic and iconic anthem, its words demean no one, and it has been
lustily sung by men and women alike for more than a century. Yes, the language
is somewhat dated. But fight songs are not legal documents. They are expressions
of spirit, and there is no reason other than a dearth of imagination why "I am a
Utah man ..." cannot be enjoyed equally at women's sports events.

In any case, if anyone thinks they can write a better fight song, by all means
they should be welcome to try. But in the meantime, please do not replace "I am
a Utah man" with the sappy "I am a Utah fan" or engage in any other censorship.
The institution in question is, after all, supposed to be a university.

Ken Handley

Salt Lake City

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              928 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                             March 13, 2007 Tuesday

Immigration: What they're saying

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 178 words


"It's always a positive next step when two countries' leaders sit down and talk
about obstacles and challenges and how they can work hand in hand to overcome
those challenge and grow our economies. We at the Hispanic Chamber are in
support of a guest-worker program so it's good that it's still a key element of
their dialogue."

"As for the wall, it's a demeaning wall. It demeans the economic opportunity for
us on the border. And it's an eyesore."

Cindy Ramos-Davidson, El Paso Hispanic Chamber of Commerce President and CEO

"I was very hopeful to hear Calderón say that he recognized that Mexico also had
to do something about the economic climate that forces Mexicans to migrate."

Iliana Holguin, executive director of the Diocesan Migrant and Refugee Services
of El Paso

"It is encouraging that President Bush discussed important issues like
immigration and the border fence with President Calderón. Improvements to our
immigration system are long overdue, and I hope President Bush follows through
on his pledge to work with Congress."

U.S. Rep. Silvestre Reyes, D-Texas

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              929 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 20, 1998, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Lessons on Censorship

SECTION: Section G; Page 6; Column 6; Circuits

LENGTH: 148 words



To the Editor:

Initially, after reading the article on the Westlake, Ohio, school district case
("Home Web Sites Thrust Students Into Censorship Disputes," Aug. 13), I felt
outraged. As an experienced educator, I am well aware of the avenues available
to students who have grievances with teachers. I believe the most effective one
is a conference including the teacher, student and the student's parents. In
this case, the student chose to publicly ridicule the teacher by producing an
offensive web site about him.

This young man has benefitted materially from an action that demeans those of us
who work with young people. His parents and the A.C.L.U. chose to reward
disrespect.

The lesson here, rather than free speech, is that the nation's teachers have
become unprotected targets for assaults by young people.

WILLIAM K. BAXTER
Faribault, Minn., Aug. 16, 1998

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              930 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 30, 1993, Friday, Late Edition - Final

College Bans on Faculty-Student Romance Demean Women;
Recusal at Amherst

SECTION: Section A; Page 30; Column 6; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 106 words



To the Editor:

Your Education page article misrepresents Amherst College's sexual harassment
policy. The faculty voted on March 2 for a policy of "recusal" -- that is, to
require that a faculty member must "remove himself or herself from any
supervisory, evaluative, advisory, or other pedagogical role involving a student
with whom he or she has had or currently has a sexual relationship." Faculty who
date their students are not required to "report their relationships to
department heads" or to give a reason for recusal.

TERRY Y. ALLEN
Assoc. Secty., Public Affairs
Amherst College
Amherst, Mass., April 16, 1993

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              931 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 10, 1989, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

On Being Little But Not Belittled

SECTION: Section 4; Page 22, Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 318 words


To the Editor:

I am a dwarf. A recent episode of the television show ''L.A. Law'' raised the
issue of ''dwarf-tossing,'' an activity taking place at some bars where patrons
compete with each other to see who can throw a dwarf the farthest. The writers
of the show deserve kudos for portraying dwarf-tossing as a disgraceful
activity.

Dwarf-tossing is not a joke. It ridicules and demeans dwarfs. It causes people
to view dwarfs as objects and freaks to gawk at. Dwarf-tossing affects not just
the dwarfs who are thrown, but such exploitation hurts all dwarfs by eroding our
self-esteem and by perpetuating stereotypes and misconceptions.

Very few dwarfs work in circuses or as actors. Dwarfs are successfully employed
in almost every possible occupation, for example as teachers, engineers,
lawyers, accountants, medical technicians.

National organizations like Little People of America and the Billy Barty
Foundation are actively working to educate people about dwarfism. They provide
the opportunity for dwarfs, and their families, to socialize, share common
experiences and provide mutual support. These groups also raise money for
medical research, scholarships, athletic programs and adoption services.

One last comment on the ''L.A. Law'' episode. At the end of the show, the
character Hamilton Schuyler, a successful lawyer who is a dwarf, states that the
only way for him to find companionship is to hire a call girl. This message
offends me. A dwarf, like anyone else, dates, falls in love, gets married and
has children. Many dwarfs are married to other dwarfs, whom they meet through
Little People of America, and many are married to average-size people. To imply
that no one would want to have a relationship with a dwarf is inappropriate and
wrong.

PAUL STEVEN MILLER
  Los Angeles, Nov. 28, 1989

The writer is on the board of directors of the Billy Barty Foundation.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                              932 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 19, 1980, Friday, Late City Final Edition

CAMPAIGN REPORT;
Ford Says an Apology Is Owed by President

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B; Page 4, Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 160 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 18


Former President Gerald R. Ford accused President Carter today of ''one of the
lowest, most intemperate assaults ever made by a United States President'' in
his recent attacks on Ronald Reagan.

''Mr. Carter does not just owe Governor Reagan and the Republican Party an
apology,'' Mr. Ford said in a statement distributed by the Reagan-Bush campaign.
''His intemperate and totally misleading statements demean the office of the
Presidency itself. And for that, Mr. Carter owes the American people an
apology.''

The former President apparently was referring to Mr. Carter's remark in Atlanta
on Tuesday that ''you've seen in this campaign the stirrings of hate and the
rebirth of code words like states' rights.''

The Ford statement accused Mr. Carter, his running mate and other Administration
officials of conducting ''a campaign of outright fear and deception.

''They have attempted to associate the Republican Party with racist hate
groups,'' it said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                              933 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 8, 1999, Wednesday, Final Edition

National Battlefields On Alert For Vandals

Linda Wheeler, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 464 words


Vandals splashed vegetable oil over century-old granite memorials at two area
Civil War battlefields, causing thousands of dollars in cleanup costs and
putting the National Park Service on alert, officials said yesterday.

The Park Service is asking visitors to the Gettysburg and Antietam battlefields
to watch for anyone causing damage to the monuments or driving in restricted
areas. At Gettysburg National Military Park, 17 monuments were damaged on Nov.
18 and 19, and six were vandalized at Antietam National Battlefield on Nov. 23,
according to officials.

At Antietam, monuments to Indiana, Ohio, New Jersey and Texas were marred, as
well as memorials to the 14th Brooklyn and a Philadelphia brigade. At
Gettysburg, a memorial where a wreath was laid to honor the anniversary of the
Gettysburg Address was damaged, as were other memorials, including those
honoring Ohio, Pennsylvania and Connecticut units, and equestrian statues of
Maj. Gens. Henry Slocum and Oliver Howard.

"We are very concerned about these incidents," said Elaine Seby, a spokeswoman
for the national office of the Park Service. "These monuments belong to the
public and people feel very strongly about the Civil War. This damage demeans
the sacrifice that those men made."

Officials at Manassas National Battlefield Park reported similar damage to the
base of one statue on Nov. 26, but park Superintendent Robert Sutton said
yesterday that officials now believe the oil-like substance came from moss found
growing on the pedestal. He said he had sent a sample of what appeared to be oil
to a laboratory for testing.

On Saturday, monument preservation employee Richard Warren inspected the
less-than-successful results of an effort he and others had made to soak up the
oil from the Indiana state monument at Antietam. The broad base around the
obelisk was marked by a continuous path stained dark gray that appeared to start
at the front, as though someone had begun walking and pouring oil at that point,
then finished where they started.

"This concerns me a lot," he said. "These are monuments to people who fought
here. . . . I know I will be keeping a more vigilant eye out for any suspicious
activity."

At Gettysburg, spokeswoman Katie Lawhon said employees had spent about 125
hours, at a cost of about $ 4,000, trying to obliterate the spill marks. She
said they had been somewhat successful but there was still a shadowy leftover.

Antietam Assistant Superintendent Susan Trail said she did not have an estimate
of the cost of the repair work at that park.

At least one of the acts of vandalism took place at midday in the Soldiers'
National Cemetery at Gettysburg, about three hours after the wreath-laying
ceremony commemorating the Gettysburg Address, Lawhon said.


LOAD-DATE: December 08, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              934 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    June 12, 1991, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Virginia senator puts 3 top aides on leave

BYLINE: Sandra Sanchez

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 181 words


Virginia's political soap opera escalated Tuesday as U.S. Sen. Charles Robb
placed three of his most trusted aides on leave over the controversial taping of
Gov. Douglas Wilder's cellular phone calls. Amid reports that the FBI and
Virginia State Police were asked to investigate, Robb promised to conduct an
internal investigation. Placed on paid leave: Robb's chief of staff, David
McCloud; press secretary, Steve Johnson; and Bobby Watson, director of the
Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee. A Robb statement says he's told his
staff not to talk: ''I don't want any comments made to keep these issues
alive.''

DEATH-LAW VETO: New York Gov. Mario Cuomo, for the ninth year, vetoed a death-
penalty bill. He said capital punishment ''violates fundamental human rights,
fuels a mistaken belief by some that justice is being served and demeans those
who strive to preserve human life and dignity.'' An override is unlikely. Dale
Volker, a Republican who sponsored the Senate version, said Cuomo ''has neither
the intent nor willpower to get tough on vicious criminals.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, AP; PHOTO; b/w, Drew Story, Reuters; PHOTO; b/w, Agence
France-Presse

CUTLINE: CUOMO: Vetoes death-penalty bill CUTLINE: FLASH FLOODS: Norma Barber
wades to her car after it stalled on a New Orleans street. The city was deluged
with 12 inches of rain in two days, halting streetcars and closing City Hall.
Two children drowned. CUTLINE: O'CONNOR: Has dual citizenship

TYPE: Nationline

THE NATION; Contributing; Paul Leavitt, Jeanne DeQuine, Paul Hoversten, Cathy
Carroll, Steve Marshall and Dianne Barth

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.


                              935 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 22, 1996, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Editorial Notebook: Hostility Toward the Gifted;
The Life and Times Of P.S. 308

BYLINE: By BRENT STAPLES

SECTION: Section A;  Page 12;  Column 1;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 714 words


With its bunker-style design and slit windows gated in mesh, Public School 308
in the Bedford-Stuyvesant section of Brooklyn is the essence of a fortress. The
metaphor is right for a school that shelters children against drug dealers,
gangs and hopelessness.

District 16 -- to which P.S. 308 belongs -- ranks near the bottom in the city
for academic performance. Four of the district's schools are on the state's
failing list, and last year its board was suspended by the Schools Chancellor.
But P.S. 308 -- given over almost entirely to the gifted -- is one of the
leading schools not just in the neighborhood but in the city. The students are
predominantly black, and most are from impoverished homes. Yet even the special
education students excel. Among the city's 633 elementary schools, P.S. 308
ranks 11th in reading, and 92 percent of its students score above grade level in
mathematics. Last year, many of its graduates went on to prestigious high
schools, like Stuyvesant, Brooklyn Tech and the Bronx High School of Science.

This success should be sung from the rooftops. But the school has been an object
of bitterness and envy from the very start. In 1985, the district transformed
P.S. 308 from a standard school to one primarily for the gifted, causing 400
students to be sent elsewhere. The change sparked demonstrations and sit-ins.
Some rival principals would like to see the school dismantled -- its
high-achievers spread through the system, boosting test scores elsewhere. Some
education experts demean the gifted program as elitist and unfair. Even rival
students get into the act, harassing the school's achievers for "acting white."

The principal, Dr. Gail Bell-Baptiste, defends her school ferociously. To those
who say she has it easy, she replies: "Giftedness is 90 percent work. It is not
100 percent innate, as some people think." To rival principals who covet her
kids, she says: "Failing schools have little to offer high-achieving children.
All of my kids come from this neighborhood. That means there are many more out
there."

Dr. Bell-Baptiste argues that non-gifted programs could lift performance if they
used P.S. 308's techniques. The teachers hold rote learning in contempt.
Instead, they use "enrichment models for the gifted," in which students are
taught ideas and required to implement them in, say, math, science or music
projects.

Dr. Bell-Baptiste recommends the strategy for special education students, who
are present in most schools. P.S. 308's special-education students perform well
above the systemwide average.

The Board of Education knows surprisingly little about its gifted students,
mainly because programs for the gifted are not centrally administered. In a
system riven by crumbling buildings, book shortages and crushing poverty, it is
tempting to let children at the upper end of the spectrum fend for themselves.

In the 1960's it became fashionable to pretend that all children were equally
"special." This idea worked in favor of students in the middle range, who had
once been unfairly written off. But it harmed those who required accelerated
courses -- not to push them, but just to stay awake. Indifference toward the
gifted was especially disastrous in the inner city. Transfers to gifted programs
were often resisted on the ground that they stripped the ghetto of achievers.
The brightest minds were sacrificed to substandard education.

In a school like P.S. 308 bright students flourish, and pull along with them
others who aren't exactly gifted but excel because they are expected to. Dr.
Bell-Baptiste also holds parents accountable for their children's performance,
and requires them to be actively involved.  Bedford-Stuyvesant's parents respond
accordingly. Parent volunteers paint hopscotch figures, mend the playground
fence and pitch in on security. No wonder P.S. 308 receives two to three
applications for every available seat.

"The same things that happen in gifted programs . . . can happen in other
places," says Dr. Bell-Baptiste. "That has to do with training and expectations
and just the will to make that happen." The argument is beginning to make
headway. Last week the district superintendent's monthly meeting took up the
subject of accelerated learning.   BRENT STAPLES

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              936 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 September 10, 1991, TUESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

PEOPLE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 395 words


And you thought GERALDO RIVERA was a cad for naming names in the sexual accounts
in his tell-all autobiography, ''Exposing Myself.'' But maybe the cad's not
quite so bad.  Profits from the book will help pay the college costs of a group
of New York City youngsters, says Rivera. ''This is a case of sin paying for
virtue,'' he said in an interview Monday in The New York Times.  On TV's injured
reserve list: JOHN LARROQUETTE, 43, the lecherous lawyer in ''Night Court,'' who
was injured in a motorcycle accident over the weekend near his home in Malibu,
Calif.  A Los Angeles police spokesman said Larroquette suffered a broken
collarbone when he fell from his dirt bike Sunday while riding it in a field.
JIMMY CARTER has made himself a friend of the fishes. After spending the weekend
fishing in southern Oregon, he urged a group of youngsters to release any fish
they caught.  ''Treat (a fish just like you love it, and release it,'' the
former president said. ''Let it live - and if you want something to eat, you can
get a hamburger at McDonald's.'' Carter and his wife, ROSALYNN CARTER, spent the
weekend fishing the Williamson and Wood rivers.  The new Miss Italy, MARTINA
COLOMBARI, is so young - 16 - that she still has her Barbie Doll and is
chaperoned on dates by an aunt.  So says ANSA, the Italian news agency, in
reporting on Colombari's victory over the weekend. The news agency quoted the
lament of her father, restaurateur Maurizo Colombari: ''I was afraid she would
win and that her studies would suffer.'' Rapper QUEEN LATIFAH has a stern
message for her male counterparts: Knock off the vulgar and hostile references
to women.  Latifah's music features feminist lyrics. She says she gets angry
when artists such as ICE CUBE and N.W.A. put women down. ''These guys have that
negative streak in them regarding women,'' said Latifah, 21, who was born Dana
Owens. ''That's why they say those nasty, vicious things,'' Latifah said that
even a female rap group, HOE'S WIT' ATTITUDE, demeans women. ''If you're just
nasty, and you aren't making any kind of important statement, then you're
useless.'' ON THIS DAY On Sept. 10, 1846, Elias Howe of Spencer, Mass., got a
patent for the sewing machine.  TODAY'S BIRTHDAYS Director Robert Wise 77 Golfer
Arnold Palmer 62 Television's Charles Kuralt 57 Singer Jose Feliciano 46 Actress
Amy Irving 38

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; Photo by Wendi Brown/Post-Dispatch ... Got Your Trunk Packed?
... Barbara Fraser of Webster Groves and her granddaughter, Becky Miller, 1 1/2,
watching a Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus train roll into St.  Louis
on Monday night. The circus opens a six-day run at The Arena today.  Photo by AP
... Mum's The Word ... The Duchess of York posing with her daughter Beatrice, 3,
at Disneyland over the weekend. The duchess, Sarah Ferguson, is the wife of
Britain's Prince Andrew. (Photo appeared only in the 3* Edition.)

                  Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              937 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             April 25, 2011 Monday

San Jose Sharks eliminate Los Angeles Kings

BYLINE: By David Pollak dpollak@mercurynews.com

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 719 words


LOS ANGELES -- Maybe it was a lucky bounce.

But the puck found its way to the blade of Joe Thornton's stick just outside the
crease at 2:22 of overtime Monday night and now the Sharks are moving on to the
second round of the Stanley Cup playoffs.

Thornton's nifty spin move to the half of the net unoccupied by Los Angeles
Kings goalie Jonathan Quick gave the Sharks a 4-3 victory that clinched their
best-of-seven series in six games, with three of San Jose's four wins coming in
overtime.

"The puck kind of popped out," said the Sharks captain. "I was in front of the
net and just grabbed it and put it in the open net. It was a pretty good play,
whoever shot the puck. I was just in the right place at the right time."

For Thornton, who for years has listened to critics demean his postseason play,
it was the first overtime playoff winner of his career. But he was in position
for the Hollywood-like heroics only because the Sharks survived a five-minute
charging penalty to fourth-liner Jamie McGinn that straddled the line between
the end of regulation and the start of overtime.

"Once we killed that off, we thought we had a good chance here," Thornton said.
"We thought we'd get the momentum after doing that, and we did."

Goals by Kyle Wellwood, Jason Demers and Dany Heatley gave San Jose a one-goal
lead three times during regulation, but each time the Kings tied the score on
goals by Justin Williams, Ryan Smyth and Trevor Lewis.

The game was also a bounce-back challenge for Sharks goalie Antti Niemi, who was
yanked after giving up three goals on the first four shots he faced in Saturday
night's 3-1 Los Angeles victory. And though Niemi did give up rebounds that led
to two goals against him, coach Todd McLellan was pleased with the way his
goaltender responded.

"The most pressure was probably on the goaltender, and I thought he played
extremely well," McLellan said. "We got him the first period he needed to feel
comfortable and get going again."

Neither team scored in the opening 20 minutes, but the Sharks dominated,
peppering Quick -- whose 51-save performance kept the Sharks from any comeback
bid in Game 5 -- with 16 shots while Niemi faced only five.

The Sharks finally were rewarded at 2:58 of the second period, and it was
Wellwood's persistence that paid off. After hitting a post and missing a
backhand in quick succession, the Sharks forward took a pass from Thornton and
beat Quick high on the glove side.

The Kings offense did come alive at 13:27 on Williams' goal with Thornton in the
penalty box for four minutes for a high-sticking cut on forward Brad
Richardson's face.

San Jose regained the lead at 16:52 of the second period, when Joe Pavelski
threaded a pass to Demers as he streaked down the left side, and his 36-foot
wrist shot beat Quick. But that 2-1 advantage lasted only until 18 seconds into
a wild third period when Smyth outmaneuvered Dan Boyle for a rebound and punched
the puck in from the slot to even things up again.

The Sharks jumped ahead 3-2 at 8:48 of the final period when Heatley fished the
puck out of Richardson's skates, then blasted a shot past Quick from the left
faceoff circle for an unassisted goal.

But the Kings' power play wasn't finished.

The Sharks had killed all but the final four seconds of an interference penalty
to Demers, but at that point a blocked shot went directly to Lewis, and he sent
it into the San Jose net at 11:39.

McGinn earned both a five-minute major and a game misconduct for a hit on
Richardson at 16:37, but Niemi stopped four shots in regulation, enabling
Thornton to score on the only shot taken in overtime.

Devin Setoguchi fired the puck from the left point only to see it carom off
Patrick Marleau's stick and skate to Thornton.

By avoiding a seventh game, the Sharks pick up an extra two days to rest and
prepare for either the Chicago Blackhawks or Detroit Red Wings in the second
round.

That extra time, McLellan and his player agreed, was huge.

"It's a marathon," the coach said of the postseason. "It's really the time of
year where you need to manage your gas tanks a little bit. Not having to go back
and play that seventh game is very valuable to us."


     ·    The Sharks announced after the game that tickets for the first two
          games of Round 2 will go on sale at 10 a.m. Tuesday at the standard
          outlets with the usual restrictions.


LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              938 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 15, 2010 Friday

J. Cole promises to keep FSU concert clean

BYLINE: Brian Dukes, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 494 words


Oct. 15--Rapper and Fayetteville native J. Cole's performance at Fayetteville
State University on Tuesday night will represent acts of good will and
compromise.

FSU students wanted a marquee performer for homecoming week, and Chancellor
James A. Anderson wanted a clean show.

"There was no entertainer for homecoming, and students were concerned about
that," said Anderson, who was approached by student leaders about booking Cole.

"I told them they can have the show off campus or on," Anderson said. "But if it
was going to be (at FSU), he would have to agree to keep it clean. That's always
been our standard, though."

Anderson said Cole has agreed not to demean or denigrate women or any other
group of people. If he fails to uphold that part of the contract, he won't be
paid.

The conditions didn't seem to bother the rapper or his management, said Dr.
Janice Hayney, vice chancellor of student affairs.

"They were very agreeable about the terms," said Hayney, who worked on the
contract. "They understand that if they don't adhere to it, he won't get paid.
That's definitely a motivating factor."

Anderson said FSU officials will monitor the concert, though he will allow for
some margin for error.

"We understand that there may be some slip-ups," Anderson said. "In the heat of
a concert, you can get carried away. But we know he can do a clean show; he's a
talented performer."

Anderson previously voiced concern about Cole's lyrics after members of the FSU
cheerleading squad and a local high school band appeared in locally filmed
scenes of Cole's debut music video, "Who Dat." The video includes explicit
lyrics.

Anderson said he and other university officials felt they had been misled about
the content.

"We would have loved to let J. Cole use our cheerleaders in a video if the
lyrics had been clean," Anderson said.

Anderson said he's looking forward to Cole's performance as the headline act for
the university's "Stay in School" concert.

"This is a young man who has graduated from an esteemed college," Anderson said.
Cole graduated magna cum laude from St. John's University in New York. He also
graduated from Terry Sanford High School.

"We think a successful concert can help promote creating support for students to
stay in school," Anderson said. "The students are really excited for this show.
It's a redemption for everyone."

Cole also is scheduled to perform Oct. 21 at the University of North Carolina at
Pembroke.

Staff writer Brian Dukes can be reached at dukesb@fayobserver.com or 486-3523.

To see more of The Fayetteville Observer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.fayettevillenc.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Fayetteville
Observer, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101015-FY-J-Cole-promises-to-keep-FSU-concert-clean-1015-20101015

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2010 The Fayetteville Observer


                              939 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          December 26, 1996, Thursday

DON'T GET HOOKED ON EBONICS

SECTION: Editorial; Pg.  42

LENGTH: 800 words


TODAY IS THE first day of Kwanzaa. May it also be the last day of Ebonics. Both
these movements sprang from the same place California and both attempt to
improve the status of black Americans.

Only one is succeeding.

While many Americans, both black and white, look upon Kwanzaa as a contrived
holiday, it is nonetheless gaining adherents as a serious effort to rally the
black family. In its 30th year of celebration, this seven-day festival promotes
wholesome black family values and traditions dating back to Africa.

Ebonics is a cruel joke. A hybrid of "ebony" and "phonics," it is purported to
be acceptable "black English." Supporters claim it deserves the kind of "second
language" treatment in schools that children get if their native language is
Spanish, say, or Chinese or Russian. In any language, this is rubbish.

At best, Ebonics is street slang. At worst, it demeans African-American children
by telling them they're not smart enough to learn standard English. What's next,
Brooklynese as a second language, with its "dems," "dose" and "youse"?

Fortunately, New York City kids will be spared this embarrassment. Board of
Education President Bill Thompson, who is black, calls Ebonics "ridiculous" a
sentiment widely echoed. Teaching Ebonics, said the Rev. Jesse Jackson, is "an
unacceptable surrender." And Washington has ruled out federal funds.

Those who hold the notion that teachers must learn Ebonics to relate to black
kids are willing to assign those kids to a lifetime of failure. As Schools
Chancellor Rudy Crew so aptly points out: "If the bar is raised, kids will rise
to meet it."

That's the message of Kwanzaa push for the highest moral standards, and you will
meet them. Where Kwanzaa aims to instill a sense of pride and belonging to a
cultural diaspora, Ebonics can only separate blacks from this country's
mainstream.

Where Kwanzaa promotes self-determination (kujichajulia), collective work and
responsibility (ujima), purpose (nia) and faith (imani), Ebonics promotes
illiteracy and failure.

As millions of black Americans light the first candle for umoja, or unity,
today, let all Americans continue to work together to embody those honorable
principles all year. And reject those who, in the guise of unity, seek to
divide.

Vacco's vacuum

State Attorney General Dennis Vacco has made himself a man to watch very
carefully.

As he completes his second year in office, Vacco, a Buffalo-area Republican,
increasingly seems ready to politicize routine matters. If he continues, he
risks transforming a respected and nonpartisan law office into a second-rate
backwater.

The latest troubling evidence against the state's top lawyer comes in the form
of reams of resumes and memos concerning hirings. This confidential material
became public because of a lawsuit against Vacco filed by two assistant
attorneys general who were fired for what they claim were political reasons.

Vacco denies politics influenced hiring decisions for nonpolitical jobs. But the
emerging evidence suggests otherwise.

Many applications were marked to note applicants' roles in GOP and Conservative
Party campaigns. At least a handful got jobs, although their evaluations were
average at best.

There are other troubling examples. Vacco mounted an attack against Time Warner,
the rival of media mogul Rupert Murdoch, in the city's cable TV dustup. He even
launched an anti-trust probe against Time Warner, though it's not clear he has
jurisdiction. It's probably not a coincidence that Murdoch contributed $ 100,000
to the state GOP on the eve of the 1994 election, when Vacco was elected.

And last week, after the state's highest court rejected a law that allowed
police and fire unions to do an end run around city labor law, Vacco jumped in
to say the battle wasn't over. It would have been except Vacco has taken an
inordinate interest in helping the powerful unions. The irony is that Vacco,
while supposedly concerned about taxes, was backing a bill that would cost city
taxpayers up to $ 300 million they don't have.

Being the people's lawyer is a full-time responsibility. If Vacco has so much
time for such partisan games, either he's not working hard enough at his day job
or he's in the wrong job.

High rollers

From the wires: ORLANDO The latest attraction planned for central Florida will
give tourists a taste of space at an astronomical $ 10,000 for a day of training
and four minutes of weightlessness. The roller coaster-like rides in a modified
aircraft could start in 1998. "It's time to bring these types of experiences to
the general public," said a Casey Aerospace spokesman.

At $ 10,000 for four minutes, it stretches gravity to say the customers will be
members of the "general public."

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1996 Daily News, L.P.


                              940 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 30, 1993, Monday, FINAL EDITION

End welfare for 'artists'

BYLINE: Cal Thomas

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 279 words


What makes people who call themselves "artists" think they are so special that
they have a right to tax money when the rest of us have to make money the
old-fashioned way by earning it?

Why doesn't the government underwrite professional wrestlers, architects or
scuba divers? Why single out "artists," and what qualifies one to be an
"artist"?

Many people are angry that government funds are used to blaspheme their God and
trash the values in which they believe. They know that if a dime of government
money went to support anything deemed religious, the same people who now clamor
for subsidized freedom of expression would be in court invoking the separation
of church and state. If separation means no government funds to support
religion, it also should mean no government funds to demean religion.

Artists should be required to abide by the same economic principle of supply and
demand as everyone else. If they can produce music, painting or film that
appeals to people, their products will sell and they will make a living. If they
can't, they should pursue another line of work.

One can be certain that no artist's application for a grant to do a work that
offended blacks, homosexuals or women would be approved by the National
Endowment for the Arts or any state arts agency.

But when the beliefs and values of religious and conservative Americans are
demeaned, that's supposed to be the price we pay for a healthy First Amendment.

Most government money is accompanied by regulations as to how it will be spent.
Only artists demand to be free of restrictions. Government has enough problems
without operating a welfare program for "artists."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Debate

THE EDITORIAL PAGE; Today's debate is on FUNDING THE ARTS and whether government
should be involved; OPPOSING VIEW; People are angry that taxes are used to
blaspheme their God and trash their values; Cal Thomas is a Manassas, Va.,
author, lecturer and columnist for the Los Angeles Times Syndicate.

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              941 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Barrie Examiner

                           November 5, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Clinton, Trump making final push; Last weekend before tuesday's election sees
Clinton, trump pull out all the stops

BYLINE: Jill Colvin And Kathleen Hennessey, Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 569  words

DATELINE: ATKINSON, N.H.


Donald Trump and hillary Clinton charged through vastly different corners of
america Friday hunting for vastly different voters in a final, frantic push that
traced the country's geographic, racial and economic divides.

Clinton and democratic allies bounced from city to city oters. She was to
campaign in urban centres of detroit, Pittsburgh and Cleveland on Friday while
President barack obama was heading to Charlotte, North Carolina - all cities
where minority voters are crucial.

In Pittsburgh, a city where one in three people are not white, Clinton hammered
trump as "someone who demeans women, mocks people with disabilities, insults
african-americans and Latinos and demonizes immigrants and muslims."

"Everywhere he goes he leaves people behind," Clinton told rowdy supporters.

Trump, meanwhile, was on a tour of rural areas, hoping to boost turnout among
the white, working-class voters drawn to his promise to bring back a lost
america. he started his day Friday in atkinson, N.h., population 6,800 and
almost 98 per cent white, according to the u.S. Census bureau. From there, he
was bound for Wilmington, ohio, another overwhelmingly white town where just 13
per cent of residents have a college degree. Speaking more than 3,200 km from
the mexican border, trump drew loud cheers in atkinson when he vowed to build a
wall between the u.S. and mexico. the crowd booed when he contended that Clinton
supports "open borders."

"Her plans would mean generations of terrorism, extremism and radicalism
spreading into your schools and through your communities," trump declared. in
spite of a close race in national polling, trump's path to victory remains
narrow. For example, he must win Florida, where polls show a neck-and-neck race.
his campaign is increasingly looking to make up for losses among suburban
voters, particularly women, by wrestling up new voters in outof-the-way places.

The candidates' divergent paths highlighted the yawning gaps between race, place
and economics that drive presidential policies.

Trump told his largely white audience in atkinson that "we have to rebuild our
country."

"They've shipped our jobs and they've shipped our wealth to other countries," he
said. "to all americans, i say it is time for new leadership."

Trump's dark views on the economy clashed with a new jobs report showing the
unemployment rate declined to 4.9 per cent while wages went up in october. the
report marks 73 straight months of job growth. but the republican said the
numbers weren't good enough, and cast doubt their accuracy.

"These numbers are an absolute disaster," trump said, reviving his argument that
the unemployment numbers released every month by the Labor department are skewed
because they don't accurately account for those who've dropped out of the
workforce.

As he spoke, Clinton campaigned in Pittsburgh, delivering a nearly opposite
message. She celebrated what she described as the rust belt city's rebirth of
"confidence" and economic renewal.

With polls tightening across battleground states, democrats are taking little
for granted. Former president bill Clinton worked to drive up turnout in
Colorado on Friday, while vice-President Joe biden was due in Wisconsin, both
states Clinton was believed to have locked up weeks ago.

Clinton was to wrap her day in Cleveland at a get-out-the-vote rally with
hip-hop artist Jay-Z. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images; Democratic presidential nominee Hillary
Clinton talks with members of her staffaboard her campaign plane at Westchester
County Airport on Friday in White Plains, N.Y. With less than a week to go until
election day, Clinton is campaigning in Pennsylvania and Michigan.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Barrie Examiner
                              All Rights Reserved


                              942 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Belleville Intelligencer

                           November 5, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

The final push begins; Last weekend before Tuesday's election sees Clinton,
Trump pull out all the stops

BYLINE: Jill Colvin and Kathleen Hennessey, Associated Press

SECTION: WORLD NEWS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 569  words

DATELINE: ATKINSON, N.H.


Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton charged through vastly different corners of
America Friday hunting for vastly different voters in a final, frantic push that
traced the country's geographic, racial and economic divides.

Clinton and Democratic allies bounced from city to city oters. She was to
campaign in urban centres of Detroit, Pittsburgh and Cleveland on Friday while
President Barack Obama was heading to Charlotte, North Carolina - all cities
where minority voters are crucial.

In Pittsburgh, a city where one in three people are not white, Clinton hammered
Trump as "someone who demeans women, mocks people with disabilities, insults
African-Americans and Latinos and demonizes immigrants and Muslims."

"Everywhere he goes he leaves people behind," Clinton told rowdy supporters.

Trump, meanwhile, was on a tour of rural areas, hoping to boost turnout among
the white, working-class voters drawn to his promise to bring back a lost
America. He started his day Friday in Atkinson, N.H., population 6,800 and
almost 98 per cent white, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. From there, he
was bound for Wilmington, Ohio, another overwhelmingly white town where just 13
per cent of residents have a college degree. Speaking more than 3,200 km from
the Mexican border, Trump drew loud cheers in Atkinson when

he vowed to build a wall between the U.S. and Mexico. The crowd booed when he
contended that Clinton supports "open borders."

"Her plans would mean generations of terrorism, extremism and radicalism
spreading into your schools and through your communities," Trump declared. In
spite of a close race in national polling, Trump's path to victory remains
narrow. For example, he must win Florida, where polls show a neck-and-neck race.
His campaign is increasingly looking to make up for losses among suburban
voters, particularly women, by wrestling up new voters in outof-the-way places.

The candidates' divergent paths highlighted the yawning gaps between race, place
and economics that drive presidential policies.

Trump told his largely white audience in Atkinson that "we have to rebuild our
country."

"They've shipped our jobs and they've shipped our wealth to other countries," he
said. "To all Americans, I say it is time for new leadership."

Trump's dark views on the economy clashed with a new jobs report showing the
unemployment rate declined to 4.9 per cent while wages went up in October. The
report marks 73 straight months of job growth. But the Republican said the
numbers weren't good enough, and cast doubt their accuracy.

"These numbers are an absolute disaster," Trump said, reviving his argument that
the unemployment numbers released every month by the Labor Department are skewed
because they don't accurately account for those who've dropped out of the
workforce.

As he spoke, Clinton campaigned in Pittsburgh, delivering a nearly opposite
message. She celebrated what she described as the Rust Belt city's rebirth of
"confidence" and economic renewal.

With polls tightening across battleground states, Democrats are taking little
for granted. Former president Bill Clinton worked to drive up turnout in
Colorado on Friday, while Vice-President Joe Biden was due in Wisconsin, both
states Clinton was believed to have locked up weeks ago.

Clinton was to wrap her day in Cleveland at a get-out-the-vote rally with
hip-hop artist Jay-Z. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images; Democratic presidential nominee Hillary
Clinton talks with members of her staffaboard her campaign plane at Westchester
County Airport on Friday in White Plains, N.Y. With less than a week to go until
election day, Clinton is campaigning in Pennsylvania and Michigan.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Belleville Intelligencer
                              All Rights Reserved


                              943 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Brantford Expositor

                           November 5, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

The final push begins; Last weekend before Tuesday's election sees Clinton,
Trump pull out all the stops

BYLINE: Jill Colvin and Kathleen Hennessey, Associated Press

SECTION: WORLD NEWS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 569  words

DATELINE: ATKINSON, N.H.


Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton charged through vastly different corners of
America Friday hunting for vastly different voters in a final, frantic push that
traced the country's geographic, racial and economic divides.

Clinton and Democratic allies bounced from city to city oters. She was to
campaign in urban centres of Detroit, Pittsburgh and Cleveland on Friday while
President Barack Obama was heading to Charlotte, North Carolina - all cities
where minority voters are crucial.

In Pittsburgh, a city where one in three people are not white, Clinton hammered
Trump as "someone who demeans women, mocks people with disabilities, insults
African-Americans and Latinos and demonizes immigrants and Muslims."

"Everywhere he goes he leaves people behind," Clinton told rowdy supporters.

Trump, meanwhile, was on a tour of rural areas, hoping to boost turnout among
the white, working-class voters drawn to his promise to bring back a lost
America. He started his day Friday in Atkinson, N.H., population 6,800 and
almost 98 per cent white, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. From there, he
was bound for Wilmington, Ohio, another overwhelmingly white town where just 13
per cent of residents have a college degree. Speaking more than 3,200 km from
the Mexican border, Trump drew loud cheers in Atkinson when he vowed to build a
wall between the U.S. and Mexico. The crowd booed when he contended that Clinton
supports "open borders."

"Her plans would mean generations of terrorism, extremism and radicalism
spreading into your schools and through your communities," Trump declared. In
spite of a close race in national polling, Trump's path to victory remains
narrow. For example, he must win Florida, where polls show a neck-and-neck race.
His campaign is increasingly looking to make up for losses among suburban
voters, particularly women, by wrestling up new voters in outof-the-way places.

The candidates' divergent paths highlighted the yawning gaps between race, place
and economics that drive presidential policies.

Trump told his largely white audience in Atkinson that "we have to rebuild our
country."

"They've shipped our jobs and they've shipped our wealth to other countries," he
said. "To all Americans, I say it is time for new leadership."

Trump's dark views on the economy clashed with a new jobs report showing the
unemployment rate declined to 4.9 per cent while wages went up in October. The
report marks 73 straight months of job growth. But the Republican said the
numbers weren't good enough, and cast doubt their accuracy.

"These numbers are an absolute disaster," Trump said, reviving his argument that
the unemployment numbers released every month by

the Labor Department are skewed because they don't accurately account for those
who've dropped out of the workforce.

As he spoke, Clinton campaigned in Pittsburgh, delivering a nearly opposite
message. She celebrated what she described as the Rust Belt city's rebirth of
"confidence" and economic renewal.

With polls tightening across battleground states, Democrats are taking little
for granted. Former president Bill Clinton worked to drive up turnout in
Colorado on Friday, while Vice-President Joe Biden was due in Wisconsin, both
states Clinton was believed to have locked up weeks ago.

Clinton was to wrap her day in Cleveland at a get-out-the-vote rally with
hip-hop artist Jay-Z. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images; Democratic presidential nominee Hillary
Clinton talks with members of her staffaboard her campaign plane at Westchester
County Airport on Friday in White Plains, N.Y. With less than a week to go until
election day, Clinton is campaigning in Pennsylvania and Michigan.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Brantford Expositor
                              All Rights Reserved


                              944 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Brockville Recorder & Times

                           November 5, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

The final push begins; Last weekend before Tuesday's election sees Clinton,
Trump pull out all the stops

BYLINE: Jill Colvin And Kathleen Hennessey, Associated Press

SECTION: WORLD NEWS; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 569  words

DATELINE: ATKINSON, N.H.


Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton charged through vastly different corners of
America Friday hunting for vastly different voters in a final, frantic push that
traced the country's geographic, racial and economic divides.

Clinton and Democratic allies bounced from city to city oters. She was to
campaign in urban centres of Detroit, Pittsburgh and Cleveland on Friday while
President Barack Obama was heading to Charlotte, North Carolina - all cities
where minority voters are crucial.

In Pittsburgh, a city where one in three people are not white, Clinton hammered
Trump as "someone who demeans women, mocks people with disabilities, insults
African-Americans and Latinos and demonizes immigrants and Muslims. Everywhere
he goes he leaves people behind," Clinton told rowdy supporters.

Trump, meanwhile, was on a tour of rural areas, hoping to boost turnout among
the white, working-class voters drawn to his promise to bring back a lost
America. He started his day Friday in Atkinson, N.H., population 6,800 and
almost 98 per cent white, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. From there, he
was bound for Wilmington, Ohio, another overwhelmingly white town where just 13
per cent of residents have a college degree. Speaking more than 3,200 km from
the Mexican border, Trump drew loud cheers in Atkinson when he vowed to build a
wall between the U.S. and Mexico. The crowd booed when he contended that Clinton
supports "open borders."

"Her plans would mean generations of terrorism, extremism and radicalism
spreading into your schools and through your communities," Trump declared. In
spite of a close race in national polling, Trump's path to victory remains
narrow. For example, he must win Florida, where polls show a neck-and-neck race.
His campaign is increasingly looking to make up for losses among suburban
voters, particularly women, by wrestling up new voters in outof-the-way places.

The candidates' divergent paths highlighted the yawning gaps between race, place
and economics that drive presidential policies.

Trump told his largely white audience in Atkinson that "we have to rebuild our
country."

"They've shipped our jobs and they've shipped our wealth to other countries," he
said. "To all Americans, I say it is time for new leadership."

Trump's dark views on the economy clashed with a new jobs report showing the
unemployment rate declined to 4.9 per cent while wages went up in October. The
report marks 73 straight months of job growth. But the Republican said the
numbers weren't good enough, and cast doubt their accuracy.

"These numbers are an absolute disaster," Trump said, reviving his argument that
the unemployment numbers released every month by the Labor Department are skewed
because they don't accurately account for those who've dropped out of the
workforce.

As he spoke, Clinton campaigned in Pittsburgh, delivering a nearly opposite
message. She celebrated what she described as the Rust Belt city's rebirth of
"confidence" and economic renewal.

With polls tightening across battleground states, Democrats are taking little
for granted. Former president Bill Clinton worked to drive up turnout in
Colorado on Friday, while Vice-President Joe Biden was due in Wisconsin, both
states Clinton was believed to have locked up weeks ago.

Clinton was to wrap her day in Cleveland at a get-out-the-vote rally with
hip-hop artist Jay-Z. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media Corporation. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images; Democratic presidential nominee Hillary
Clinton talks with members of her staffaboard her campaign plane at Westchester
County Airport on Friday in White Plains, N.Y. With less than a week to go until
election day, Clinton is campaigning in Pennsylvania and Michigan.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Brockville Recorder & Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              945 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Chatham Daily News

                           November 5, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

The final push begins; Last weekend before Tuesday's election sees Clinton,
Trump pull out all the stops

BYLINE: Jill Colvin And Kathleen Hennessey, Associated Press

SECTION: WORLD NEWS; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 569  words

DATELINE: ATKINSON, N.H.


Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton charged through vastly different corners of
America Friday hunting for vastly different voters in a final, frantic push that
traced the country's geographic, racial and economic divides.

Clinton and Democratic allies bounced from city to city oters. She was to
campaign in urban centres of Detroit, Pittsburgh and Cleveland on Friday while
President Barack Obama was heading to Charlotte, North Carolina - all cities
where minority voters are crucial.

In Pittsburgh, a city where one in three people are not white, Clinton hammered
Trump as "someone who demeans women, mocks people with disabilities, insults
African-Americans and Latinos and demonizes immigrants and Muslims."

"Everywhere he goes he leaves people behind," Clinton told rowdy supporters.

Trump, meanwhile, was on a tour of rural areas, hoping to boost turnout among
the white, working-class voters drawn to his promise to bring back a lost
America. He started his day Friday in Atkinson, N.H., population 6,800 and
almost 98 per cent white, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. From there, he
was bound for Wilmington, Ohio, another overwhelmingly white town where just 13
per cent of residents have a college degree. Speaking more than 3,200 km from
the Mexican border, Trump drew loud cheers in Atkinson when he vowed to build a
wall between the U.S. and Mexico. The crowd booed when he contended that Clinton
supports "open borders."

"Her plans would mean generations of terrorism, extremism and radicalism
spreading into your schools and through your communities," Trump declared. In
spite of a close race in national polling, Trump's path to victory remains
narrow. For example, he must win Florida, where polls show a neck-and-neck race.
His campaign is increasingly looking to make up for losses among suburban
voters, particularly women, by wrestling up new voters in outof-the-way places.

The candidates' divergent paths highlighted the yawning gaps between race, place
and economics that drive presidential policies.

Trump told his largely white audience in Atkinson that "we have to rebuild our
country."

"They've shipped our jobs and they've shipped our wealth to other countries," he
said. "To all Americans, I say it is time for new leadership."

Trump's dark views on the economy clashed with a new jobs report showing the
unemployment rate declined to 4.9 per cent while wages went up in October. The
report marks 73 straight months of job growth. But the Republican said the
numbers weren't good enough, and cast doubt their accuracy.

"These numbers are an absolute disaster," Trump said, reviving his argument that
the unemployment numbers released every month by the Labor Department are skewed
because they don't accurately account for those who've dropped out of the
workforce.

As he spoke, Clinton campaigned in Pittsburgh, delivering a nearly opposite
message. She celebrated what she described as the Rust Belt city's rebirth of
"confidence" and economic renewal.

With polls tightening across battleground states, Democrats are taking little
for granted. Former president Bill Clinton worked to drive up turnout in
Colorado on Friday, while Vice-President Joe Biden was due in Wisconsin, both
states Clinton was believed to have locked up weeks ago.

Clinton was to wrap her day in Cleveland at a get-out-the-vote rally with
hip-hop artist Jay-Z. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images; Democratic presidential nominee Hillary
Clinton talks with members of her staffaboard her campaign plane at Westchester
County Airport on Friday in White Plains, N.Y. With less than a week to go until
election day, Clinton is campaigning in Pennsylvania and Michigan.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Chatham Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              946 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Cornwall Standard Freeholder

                           November 5, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

The final push begins; Last weekend before Tuesday's election sees Clinton,
Trump pull out all the stops

BYLINE: Jill Colvin And Kathleen Hennessey, Associated Press

SECTION: WORLD NEWS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 569  words

DATELINE: ATKINSON, N.H.


Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton charged through vastly different corners of
America Friday hunting for vastly different voters in a final, frantic push that
traced the country's geographic, racial and economic divides.

Clinton and Democratic allies bounced from city to city oters. She was to
campaign in urban centres of Detroit, Pittsburgh and Cleveland on Friday while
President Barack Obama was heading to Charlotte, North Carolina - all cities
where minority voters are crucial.

In Pittsburgh, a city where one in three people are not white, Clinton hammered
Trump as "someone who demeans women, mocks people with disabilities, insults
African-Americans and Latinos and demonizes immigrants and Muslims."

"Everywhere he goes he leaves people behind," Clinton told rowdy supporters.

Trump, meanwhile, was on a tour of rural areas, hoping to boost turnout among
the white, working-class voters drawn to his promise to bring back a lost
America. He started his day Friday in Atkinson, N.H., population 6,800 and
almost 98 per cent white, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. From there, he
was bound for Wilmington, Ohio, another overwhelmingly white town where just 13
per cent of residents have a college degree. Speaking more than 3,200 km from
the Mexican border, Trump drew loud cheers in Atkinson when

he vowed to build a wall between the U.S. and Mexico. The crowd booed when he
contended that Clinton supports "open borders."

"Her plans would mean generations of terrorism, extremism and radicalism
spreading into your schools and through your communities," Trump declared. In
spite of a close race in national polling, Trump's path to victory remains
narrow. For example, he must win Florida, where polls show a neck-and-neck race.
His campaign is increasingly looking to make up for losses among suburban
voters, particularly women, by wrestling up new voters in outof-the-way places.

The candidates' divergent paths highlighted the yawning gaps between race, place
and economics

that drive presidential policies.

Trump told his largely white audience in Atkinson that "we have to rebuild our
country."

"They've shipped our jobs and they've shipped our wealth to other countries," he
said. "To all Americans, I say it is time for new leadership."

Trump's dark views on the economy clashed with a new jobs report showing the
unemployment rate declined to 4.9 per cent while wages went up in October. The
report marks 73 straight months of job growth. But the Republican said the
numbers weren't good enough, and cast doubt their accuracy.

"These numbers are an absolute disaster," Trump said, reviving his argument that
the unemployment numbers released every month by

the Labor Department are skewed because they don't accurately account for those
who've dropped out of the workforce.

As he spoke, Clinton campaigned in Pittsburgh, delivering a nearly opposite
message. She celebrated what she described as the Rust Belt city's rebirth of
"confidence" and economic renewal.

With polls tightening across battleground states, Democrats are taking little
for granted. Former president Bill Clinton worked to drive up turnout in
Colorado on Friday, while Vice-President Joe Biden was due in Wisconsin, both
states Clinton was believed to have locked up weeks ago.

Clinton was to wrap her day in Cleveland at a get-out-the-vote rally with
hip-hop artist Jay-Z. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images; Democratic presidential nominee Hillary
Clinton talks with members of her staffaboard her campaign plane at Westchester
County Airport on Friday in White Plains, N.Y. With less than a week to go until
election day, Clinton is campaigning in Pennsylvania and Michigan.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Cornwall Standard Freeholder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              947 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Niagara Falls Review

                           November 5, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

The final push begins; Last weekend before Tuesday's election sees Clinton,
Trump pull out all the stops

BYLINE: Jill Colvin And Kathleen Hennessey, Associated Press

SECTION: WORLD NEWS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 569  words

DATELINE: ATKINSON, N.H.


Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton charged through vastly different corners of
America Friday hunting for vastly different voters in a final, frantic push that
traced the country's geographic, racial and economic divides.

Clinton and Democratic allies bounced from city to city oters. She was to
campaign in urban centres of Detroit, Pittsburgh and Cleveland on Friday while
President Barack Obama was heading to Charlotte, North Carolina - all cities
where minority voters are crucial.

In Pittsburgh, a city where one in three people are not white, Clinton hammered
Trump as "someone who demeans women, mocks people with disabilities, insults
African-Americans and Latinos and demonizes immigrants and Muslims."

"Everywhere he goes he leaves people behind," Clinton told rowdy supporters.

Trump, meanwhile, was on a tour of rural areas, hoping to boost turnout among
the white, working-class voters drawn to his promise to bring back a lost
America. He started his day Friday in Atkinson, N.H., population 6,800 and
almost 98 per cent white, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. From there, he
was bound for Wilmington, Ohio, another overwhelmingly white town where just 13
per cent of residents have a college degree. Speaking more than 3,200 km from
the Mexican border, Trump drew loud cheers in Atkinson when he vowed to build a
wall between the U.S. and Mexico. The crowd booed when he contended that Clinton
supports "open borders."

"Her plans would mean generations of terrorism, extremism and radicalism
spreading into your schools and through your communities," Trump declared. In
spite of a close race in national polling, Trump's path to victory remains
narrow. For example, he must win Florida, where polls show a neck-and-neck race.
His campaign is increasingly looking to make up for losses among suburban
voters, particularly women, by wrestling up new voters in outof-the-way places.

The candidates' divergent paths highlighted the yawning gaps between race, place
and economics that drive presidential policies.

Trump told his largely white audience in Atkinson that "we have to rebuild our
country."

"They've shipped our jobs and they've shipped our wealth to other countries," he
said. "To all Americans, I say it is time for new leadership."

Trump's dark views on the economy clashed with a new jobs report showing the
unemployment rate declined to 4.9 per cent while wages went up in October. The
report marks 73 straight months of job growth. But the Republican said the
numbers weren't good enough, and cast doubt their accuracy.

"These numbers are an absolute disaster," Trump said, reviving his argument that
the unemployment numbers released every month by the Labor Department are skewed
because they don't accurately account for those who've dropped out of the
workforce.

As he spoke, Clinton campaigned in Pittsburgh, delivering a nearly opposite
message. She celebrated what she described as the Rust Belt city's rebirth of
"confidence" and economic renewal.

With polls tightening across battleground states, Democrats are taking little
for granted. Former president Bill Clinton worked to drive up turnout in
Colorado on Friday, while Vice-President Joe Biden was due in Wisconsin, both
states Clinton was believed to have locked up weeks ago.

Clinton was to wrap her day in Cleveland at a get-out-the-vote rally with
hip-hop artist Jay-Z. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images; Democratic presidential nominee Hillary
Clinton talks with members of her staffaboard her campaign plane at Westchester
County Airport on Friday in White Plains, N.Y. With less than a week to go until
election day, Clinton is campaigning in Pennsylvania and Michigan.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Niagara Falls Review
                              All Rights Reserved


                              948 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                North Bay Nugget

                           November 5, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

The final push begins; Last weekend before Tuesday's election sees Clinton,
Trump pull out all the stops

BYLINE: Jill Colvin And Kathleen Hennessey, Associated Press

SECTION: WORLD NEWS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 569  words

DATELINE: ATKINSON, N.H.


Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton charged through vastly different corners of
America Friday hunting for vastly different voters in a final, frantic push that
traced the country's geographic, racial and economic divides.

Clinton and Democratic allies bounced from city to city oters. She was to
campaign in urban centres of Detroit, Pittsburgh and Cleveland on Friday while
President Barack Obama was heading to Charlotte, North Carolina - all cities
where minority voters are crucial.

In Pittsburgh, a city where one in three people are not white, Clinton hammered
Trump as "someone who demeans women, mocks people with disabilities, insults
African-Americans and Latinos and demonizes immigrants and Muslims."

"Everywhere he goes he leaves people behind," Clinton told rowdy supporters.

Trump, meanwhile, was on a tour of rural areas, hoping to boost turnout among
the white, working-class voters drawn to his promise to bring back a lost
America. He started his day Friday in Atkinson, N.H., population 6,800 and
almost 98 per cent white, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. From there, he
was bound for Wilmington, Ohio, another overwhelmingly white town where just 13
per cent of residents have a college degree. Speaking more than 3,200 km from
the Mexican border, Trump drew loud cheers in Atkinson when he vowed to build a
wall between the U.S. and Mexico. The crowd booed when he contended that Clinton
supports "open borders."

"Her plans would mean generations of terrorism, extremism and radicalism
spreading into your schools and through your communities," Trump declared. In
spite of a close race in national polling, Trump's path to victory remains
narrow. For example, he must win Florida, where polls show a neck-and-neck race.
His campaign is increasingly looking to make up for losses among suburban
voters, particularly women, by wrestling up new voters in outof-the-way places.

The candidates' divergent paths highlighted the yawning gaps between race, place
and economics that drive presidential policies.

Trump told his largely white audience in Atkinson that "we have to rebuild our
country."

"They've shipped our jobs and they've shipped our wealth to other countries," he
said. "To all Americans, I say it is time for new leadership."

Trump's dark views on the economy clashed with a new jobs report showing the
unemployment rate declined to 4.9 per cent while wages went up in October. The
report marks 73 straight months of job growth. But the Republican said the
numbers weren't good enough, and cast doubt their accuracy.

"These numbers are an absolute disaster," Trump said, reviving his argument that
the unemployment numbers released every month by the Labor Department are skewed
because they don't accurately account for those who've dropped out of the
workforce.

As he spoke, Clinton campaigned in Pittsburgh, delivering a nearly opposite
message. She celebrated what she described as the Rust Belt city's rebirth of
"confidence" and economic renewal.

With polls tightening across battleground states, Democrats are taking little
for granted. Former president Bill Clinton worked to drive up turnout in
Colorado on Friday, while Vice-President Joe Biden was due in Wisconsin, both
states Clinton was believed to have locked up weeks ago.

Clinton was to wrap her day in Cleveland at a get-out-the-vote rally with
hip-hop artist Jay-Z. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images; Democratic presidential nominee Hillary
Clinton talks with members of her staffaboard her campaign plane at Westchester
County Airport on Friday in White Plains, N.Y. With less than a week to go until
election day, Clinton is campaigning in Pennsylvania and Michigan.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 North Bay Nugget
                              All Rights Reserved


                              949 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Owen Sound Sun Times

                           November 5, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

The final push begins; Last weekend before Tuesday's election sees Clinton,
Trump pull out all the stops

BYLINE: Jill Colvin And Kathleen Hennessey, Associated Press

SECTION: WORLD NEWS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 569  words

DATELINE: ATKINSON, N.H.


Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton charged through vastly different corners of
America Friday hunting for vastly different voters in a final, frantic push that
traced the country's geographic, racial and economic divides.

Clinton and Democratic allies bounced from city to city oters. She was to
campaign in urban centres of Detroit, Pittsburgh and Cleveland on Friday while
President Barack Obama was heading to Charlotte, North Carolina - all cities
where minority voters are crucial.

In Pittsburgh, a city where one in three people are not white, Clinton hammered
Trump as "someone who demeans women, mocks people with disabilities, insults
African-Americans and Latinos and demonizes immigrants and Muslims."

"Everywhere he goes he leaves people behind," Clinton told rowdy supporters.

Trump, meanwhile, was on a tour of rural areas, hoping to boost turnout among
the white, working-class voters drawn to his promise to bring back a lost
America. He started his day Friday in Atkinson, N.H., population 6,800 and
almost 98 per cent white, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. From there, he
was bound for Wilmington, Ohio, another overwhelmingly white town where just 13
per cent of residents have a college degree. Speaking more than 3,200 km from
the Mexican border, Trump drew loud cheers in Atkinson when

he vowed to build a wall between the U.S. and Mexico. The crowd booed when he
contended that Clinton supports "open borders."

"Her plans would mean generations of terrorism, extremism and radicalism
spreading into your schools and through your communities," Trump declared. In
spite of a close race in national polling, Trump's path to victory remains
narrow. For example, he must win Florida, where polls show a neck-and-neck race.
His campaign is increasingly looking to make up for losses among suburban
voters, particularly women, by wrestling up new voters in outof-the-way places.

The candidates' divergent paths highlighted the yawning gaps between race, place
and economics

that drive presidential policies.

Trump told his largely white audience in Atkinson that "we have to rebuild our
country."

"They've shipped our jobs and they've shipped our wealth to other countries," he
said. "To all Americans, I say it is time for new leadership."

Trump's dark views on the economy clashed with a new jobs report showing the
unemployment rate declined to 4.9 per cent while wages went up in October. The
report marks 73 straight months of job growth. But the Republican said the
numbers weren't good enough, and cast doubt their accuracy.

"These numbers are an absolute disaster," Trump said, reviving his argument that
the unemployment numbers released every month by

the Labor Department are skewed because they don't accurately account for those
who've dropped out of the workforce.

As he spoke, Clinton campaigned in Pittsburgh, delivering a nearly opposite
message. She celebrated what she described as the Rust Belt city's rebirth of
"confidence" and economic renewal.

With polls tightening across battleground states, Democrats are taking little
for granted. Former president Bill Clinton worked to drive up turnout in
Colorado on Friday, while Vice-President Joe Biden was due in Wisconsin, both
states Clinton was believed to have locked up weeks ago.

Clinton was to wrap her day in Cleveland at a get-out-the-vote rally with
hip-hop artist Jay-Z. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images; Democratic presidential nominee Hillary
Clinton talks with members of her staffaboard her campaign plane at Westchester
County Airport on Friday in White Plains, N.Y. With less than a week to go until
election day, Clinton is campaigning in Pennsylvania and Michigan.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Owen Sound Sun Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              950 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Packet & Times (Orillia)

                           November 5, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

The final push begins; Last weekend before Tuesday's election sees Clinton,
Trump pull out all the stops

BYLINE: Jill Colvin And Kathleen Hennessey, Associated Press

SECTION: WORLD NEWS; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 569  words

DATELINE: ATKINSON, N.H.


Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton charged through vastly different corners of
America Friday hunting for vastly different voters in a final, frantic push that
traced the country's geographic, racial and economic divides.

Clinton and Democratic allies bounced from city to city oters. She was to
campaign in urban centres of Detroit, Pittsburgh and Cleveland on Friday while
President Barack Obama was heading to Charlotte, North Carolina - all cities
where minority voters are crucial.

In Pittsburgh, a city where one in three people are not white, Clinton hammered
Trump as "someone who demeans women, mocks people with disabilities, insults
African-Americans and Latinos and demonizes immigrants and Muslims."

"Everywhere he goes he leaves people behind," Clinton told rowdy supporters.

Trump, meanwhile, was on a tour of rural areas, hoping to boost turnout among
the white, working-class voters drawn to his promise to bring back a lost
America. He started his day Friday in Atkinson, N.H., population 6,800 and
almost 98 per cent white, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. From there, he
was bound for Wilmington, Ohio, another overwhelmingly white town where just 13
per cent of residents have a college degree. Speaking more than 3,200 km from
the Mexican border, Trump drew loud cheers in Atkinson when he vowed to build a
wall between the U.S. and Mexico. The crowd booed when he contended that Clinton
supports "open borders."

"Her plans would mean generations of terrorism, extremism and radicalism
spreading into your schools and through your communities," Trump declared. In
spite of a close race in national polling, Trump's path to victory remains
narrow. For example, he must win Florida, where polls show a neck-and-neck race.
His campaign is increasingly looking to make up for losses among suburban
voters, particularly women, by wrestling up new voters in outof-the-way places.

The candidates' divergent paths highlighted the yawning gaps between race, place
and economics that drive presidential policies.

Trump told his largely white audience in Atkinson that "we have to rebuild our
country."

"They've shipped our jobs and they've shipped our wealth to other countries," he
said. "To all Americans, I say it is time for new leadership."

Trump's dark views on the economy clashed with a new jobs report showing the
unemployment rate declined to 4.9 per cent while wages went up in October. The
report marks 73 straight months of job growth. But the Republican said the
numbers weren't good enough, and cast doubt their accuracy.

"These numbers are an absolute disaster," Trump said, reviving his argument that
the unemployment numbers released every month by the Labor Department are skewed
because they don't accurately account for those who've dropped out of the
workforce.

As he spoke, Clinton campaigned in Pittsburgh, delivering a nearly opposite
message. She celebrated what she described as the Rust Belt city's rebirth of
"confidence" and economic renewal.

With polls tightening across battleground states, Democrats are taking little
for granted. Former president Bill Clinton worked to drive up turnout in
Colorado on Friday, while Vice-President Joe Biden was due in Wisconsin, both
states Clinton was believed to have locked up weeks ago.

Clinton was to wrap her day in Cleveland at a get-out-the-vote rally with
hip-hop artist Jay-Z. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images; Democratic presidential nominee Hillary
Clinton talks with members of her staffaboard her campaign plane at Westchester
County Airport on Friday in White Plains, N.Y. With less than a week to go until
election day, Clinton is campaigning in Pennsylvania and Michigan.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Packet & Times (Orillia)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              951 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      July 14, 2004 Wednesday Home Edition

Film that criticizes Fox News debuts

BYLINE: DAVID HO

SOURCE: Cox New York Correspondent

SECTION: News; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 503 words


New York --- A new documentary that accuses Fox News Channel of political bias
in favor of Republicans and the Bush administration premiered Tuesday in
Manhattan amid a heated war of words between the network and the film's liberal
backers.

The film, "Outfoxed: Rupert Murdoch's War on Journalism," uses stories by former
Fox News staffers, quotes from internal memos and video clips from the network
as it covered events including the war in Iraq and the 2000 election.

The film also says Fox News demeans Democratic presidential contender John
Kerry.

"Any ad lib that made the Democrats look stupid and made the Republicans look
smart would get an 'attaboy,' a pat on the back, a wink or a nod," Jon Du Pre, a
former Fox News reporter, says in the film.

Fox News, in a statement, said some of the sources in the film "left because of
incompetence." The statement said Du Pre's contract wasn't renewed because he
was a weak field reporter. Du Pre, in the film, says he was suspended because
during coverage of a Ronald Reagan birthday event "apparently my live shots
weren't celebratory enough."

The network also criticized the film for violating copyrights by illegally using
its broadcasts.

The Fox News statement, released Monday after a news conference featuring
several of the former employees, also targets MoveOn.org, an anti-Bush advocacy
group, and The New York Times, which ran an article on the film in its Sunday
magazine.

MoveOn.org, which backed the film along with the Center for American Progress,
plans more than 2,500 "house party" screenings of the film around the country
with hosts getting the film for free. As of Tuesday, more than 50 parties had
been scheduled for Sunday in metro Atlanta.

Before the screening, MoveOn.org said the language of the Fox News reaction
makes the filmmakers' point. The group compared comments by a Bush campaign
official to a reference in the Fox News statement that said the Times takes
orders from a Web site funded by George Soros, whom Fox News called a "left-wing
billionaire currency speculator who funds many liberal efforts."

"The premise of the film is that Fox is a Republican Party mouthpiece," said
MoveOn.org President Wes Boyd. "Fox's response to this criticism is taken right
from Bush campaign's manager."

A New York Times statement said: "We don't get into debates about our news
coverage. If someone wants to tell us we made a factual error, we'll examine the
question closely. Otherwise, our coverage speaks for itself."

The 77-minute film, which calls the Fox News motto "fair and balanced"
hypocritical, also claims Murdoch imposes Republican ideologies on Fox News,
which is part of his vast News Corp. media holdings.

"Fox viewers are only getting one side of the story: the Republican side," said
filmmaker Robert Greenwald, who also produced and directed a 2003 documentary on
the Iraq war.

"These Fox insiders consistently detail patterns of calculated partisan bias and
outright unethical journalism."

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: "Outfoxed" filmmaker Robert Greenwald says viewers only get the
Republican view of issues.

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              952 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 28, 2000, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

3 Ex-Officers Are Sentenced for Roles in Louima Torture

BYLINE: By ALAN FEUER

SECTION: Section B; Page 3; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 895 words


A former Brooklyn police officer was sentenced yesterday to 15 years and eight
months in prison for taking part in the savage assault on Abner Louima and
plotting to cover up his role in the attack. Two other former officers convicted
with him in the cover-up scheme were sentenced to five years in prison each at
the same impassioned, two-hour hearing.

The first officer, Charles Schwarz, who faced a life term, had steadfastly
denied that he was anywhere near the bathroom of the 70th Precinct station house
in Flatbush when Mr. Louima was sodomized there with a broken broom handle on
Aug. 9, 1997.

Reading with somber indignity from his notes, Mr. Schwarz told Judge Eugene H.
Nickerson, who has presided over the case since it began, that he would not ask
for a light sentence because he was innocent.

"I am not even going to ask you, Judge Nickerson, to consider leniency," Mr.
Schwarz said, lifting his eyes to meet the judge's gaze. "I have no doubt in my
mind that you will give me a harsh sentence. I refuse to demean myself and beg
for mercy for a crime I did not commit."

"I have already spent 384 days in jail, isolated in a six-by-nine cell, 23 hours
a day, and it's 384 days too many," Mr. Schwarz said.

The two other former officers, Thomas Bruder and Thomas Wiese, were sentenced to
the maximum penalties they faced. Both men addressed the court, telling Judge
Nickerson in aggrieved but defiant tones that they had been wrongly accused of
lying to the authorities to protect Mr. Schwarz.

"I will always be known as one of the Louima cops," Mr. Bruder said, his eyes
blinking, his chin tucked into his chest. "A very dubious title."

Moments later, Mr. Wiese told the judge that although Abner Louima was clearly a
victim, so, too, were "the police officers wrongly accused, our families, and
the citizens of New York who lost their faith and trust in their police
department."

Judge Nickerson said his decision to hand down a 15-year sentence, rather than a
life term, was based on the dangers Mr. Schwarz is likely to face in prison for
being a former police officer, the care Mr. Schwarz had given to his brother, a
quadriplegic, Mr. Schwarz's military service and years in the New York Police
Department and his secondary role in the attack.

Last year, Mr. Schwarz was found guilty of restraining Mr. Louima as another
officer, Justin A. Volpe, sodomized him with the broken stick. Mr. Volpe, who
later said that Mr.  Wiese, not Mr. Schwarz, was with him during the attack,
pleaded guilty and is serving a 30-year prison term.

Mr. Wiese, too, has said that he -- not Mr. Schwarz -- was the second man in the
bathroom that night, but maintains that he was not involved in the attack. Mr.
Bruder confirmed that report, but federal prosecutors charged that they lied by
giving that account.

Yesterday's hearing was fraught with raw emotion, especially from the
defendants' families and friends. The gallery erupted into wild applause each
time the defendants spoke. Judge Nickerson asked three times for silence. Three
times his orders were ignored.

Many of the officers' supporters wore large blue buttons reading, "Free Chuck
Schwarz." Some wore T-shirts emblazoned with a boot stomping on the
Constitution. On the boot was printed, "United States Attorney's Office." The
tensions spilled out of the courtroom to the street in front of Federal District
Court in Brooklyn as Mr. Louima's supporters heckled the officers, yelling,
"Torturers!" and "You should have gotten life!" The officers' supporters shouted
back, "Good cops!" and "Keep your heads up, guys!"

The Rev. Al Sharpton, who has advised Mr. Louima throughout his ordeal, spoke to
reporters after the hearing, saying he was glad that Mr. Schwarz was in prison,
but added that 15 years was not long enough. As Mr. Sharpton walked away, he was
confronted by an elderly white woman making her way through the crowd with a
cane. She called out that he, too, should be in jail. The reverend turned to
her, thrusting his arms back and his chest out, shouting, "What are you going to
do? Just run your mouth?"

Speaking to reporters, Mr. Louima, who was present at the hearing, said he was
disappointed by Mr. Schwarz's sentence. "I was hoping for the maximum," he said.
"But justice was served. I hope the sentence today sends a clear message: that
no one is above the law."

Ronald Fischetti, Mr. Schwarz's lawyer, said, "This is a terribly sad day. A sad
day for Chuck Schwarz. A sad day for his wife, Andra. A sad day for each and
every one us." Mr. Fischetti -- along with Mr. Wiese's lawyer, Joseph Tacopina,
and Mr. Bruder's lawyer, Stuart London -- said they were confident the
convictions would be overturned on appeal.

Speaking inside the courtroom, Alan Vinegrad, the chief prosecutor, summed up
the government's response by saying that the Louima case has been a tragedy for
everyone involved -- the victim, the defendants, the Police Department and the
citizens of New York.

There was a time, Mr. Vinegrad said, "when a police officer's word was presumed
to be the truth. A police officer's credibility was the foundation of our
criminal justice system."

He went on, saying the three men sentenced yesterday "have helped create an
atmosphere in which it is harder for people to accept and trust and believe the
word of a cop. That's an enormous tragedy."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: June 29, 2000, Thursday

CORRECTION:

A picture caption yesterday about the sentencing of three former New York City
police officers for their roles in the assault on Abner Louima reversed the
names of two of the ex-officers. Thomas Wiese was in the foreground of the left
picture, and Thomas Bruder was at right in the center picture.




GRAPHIC: Photos: Two former officers, Thomas Bruder, foreground in left photo,
and Thomas Wiese, at right in center photo, each received a five-year sentence
for conspiring to cover up the role of Charles Schwarz in the attack of Abner
Louima, right, in August 1997. Mr. Schwarz was sentenced to 15 years.
(Photographs by Andrea Mohin/The New York Times)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              953 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                              June 16, 2014 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Barbaric spectacle demeans us all; MMA: Fighters may be athletes, but what they
do is hardly a sport

BYLINE: Daphne Bramham, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: WESTCOAST NEWS; Daphne Bramham; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 741 words


"I hit him with a lot of shots with my knees to his face ... my knees are
hurting pretty bad. Usually when I hit people with those shots in the gym, they
go down."

-Demetrious (Mighty Mouse) Johnson, speaking admiringly of opponent Ali
Bagautinov after Saturday's Ultimate Fighting Championship event in Vancouver

There is no doubt that the men and women who enter the cage at mixedmartial arts
events are superbly trained and conditioned athletes. They have to be to take
that kind of punishment.

But that doesn't necessarily mean that what they do is sport. It's spectacle.

Its rawness harks back to Roman times and the spectacle of blood-soaked
gladiators in front of massive crowds in the Colosseum or the fightsto-the-death
with roosters and dogs that have been banned because they are overwhelmingly
deemed to be inhumane. Yet these human fights continue despite - and perhaps
because of - their shocking violence.

In mixed martial arts, there are only a few rules: No strikes to the back of the
head, no hair-pulling, headbutting or inserting fingers into someone's mouth and
pulling, and no groin strikes.

The International Mixed Martial Arts Federation bans kicks to the head of a
downed opponent, but is silent on other blows to the heads of downed opponents.

Unlike boxing, MMA fights don't stop when an opponent goes down. There is no
10-second count, which offers a chance for the downed opponent to concede or
stumble back up to his or her feet. A mixed martial arts fighter suffers a
traumatic brain injury in almost a third of all professional bouts, according to
a recent study by University of Toronto researchers.

They analyzed seven years of Ultimate Fighting Championship video and
scorecards, which detail when a fight ends with a knockout or a technical
knockout.

"The 30 seconds before match stoppage was characterized by the losing competitor
sustaining a flurry of multiple strikes to the head," the study, published in
the March edition of the American Journal of Sports Medicine, says. It says
brain damage done to the fighters is likely exacerbated by the "surprising"
repeated blows to the head delivered to opponents who are already unconscious.

Four years ago, my colleague Iain MacIntyre described one fight at Vancouver's
first Ultimate Fighting Championship: "It was like an execution, except it took
longer."

Incidents of traumatic brain injuries in MMA fighters is twice that of football
players, three times that of boxers and eight times higher than for hockey
players, according to the U of T study.

(Another study is underway at the Cleveland Clinic Lou Ruvo Center for Brain
Health in Las Vegas that involves close to 400 active and retired boxers. It's
being partly funded by MMA promoters.)

Meanwhile, the bloodbaths continue. They're the ones that drew the roars of
approval from the crowd at Saturday's Vancouver event. The bloodied light
heavyweight Ryan Jimmo was described by The Canadian Press as having "nearly had
his arm ripped out of the socket" before the fight was stopped.

If this kind of violence took place anywhere else - including a hockey arena or
football

stadium - the so-called winner would be criminally charged.

As Vancouver Canucks fans remember only too well, Todd Bertuzzi eventually
pleaded guilty to criminal assault after punching Steve Moore of the Colorado
Avalanche in the back of the head during a game in 2004.

Moore's neck was broken in three places. He never played hockey again and more
than a decade later, it's still not over. Moore's civil suit against Bertuzzi
and the Canucks will finally be heard this fall by an Ontario court.

It's only last year that MMA was legalized across Canada with the Criminal Code
amended to allow it. In the United States, it's legal everywhere but New York.
But that ban is being challenged in federal court by the UFC.

Still, it's disconcerting to see violence legalized.

After all, we live in an era when even real warriors are often far from the
battlefield, dropping real bombs from drones and killing real people as if they
were playing a video game.

And it's troubling to realize how lucrative it is to stage these barbaric
spectacles.

Maybe a morbid fascination with brutality is primal. Maybe nothing can lessen
the desire of some people - particularly young men - to see it or even
experience it.

But we ought to be better than this.

dbramham@vancouversun.com " KELOWNA NATIVE WINS, SETS SIGHTS ON TITLE B6 More
photos at vancouversun.com/galleries

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Gerry Kahrmann, PNG; Kajan Johnson kicks Tae Hyun Bang in a lightweight
bout during UFC 174 at Rogers Arena on Saturday.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Vancouver Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              954 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                             May 10, 2008 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

Pumping up team with sexist shrine blows up in Sox faces; Major League Baseball
is finally looking into a 'boys-will-be-boys' stance -- propping up inflatable
mannequins in clubhouses -- that denigrates women, reports Barbara Barker.

BYLINE: Barbara Barker, Newsday

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C7

LENGTH: 679  words


Major League Baseball has a problem.

Apparently, they think it is OK to demean 50 per cent of the population.

Apparently, they think it is OK that seven days before Mother's Day, one of
their teams featured a vulgar and sexist shrine -- complete with blow-up dolls
and baseball bats -- in its clubhouse.

Apparently, they don't care that the prevalent attitude in their sport when it
comes to denigrating women is that "boys will be boys."

Major League Baseball has a problem because it took two days for anyone to voice
a concern about what happened in Toronto on Sunday.

That's when an unnamed White Sox player, trying to think of a novel way to break
his team out of its slump, set up two blow-up dolls on the clubhouse couch
accompanied by "strategically placed" baseball bats, sex toys and a sign that
read "You've Got To Push," according to a report in The Canadian Press.

According to a report in the Chicago Sun-Times, one doll had a bat inserted in
its "backside" to prop it up.

When contacted by Newsday on Tuesday, Major League Baseball vice-president of
public relations Patrick Courtney said, "We are looking into it."

At least that's better than what White Sox Manager Ozzie Guillen had to say. His
sentiments aren't exactly ones that are going to have me run out and buy a pink
White Sox cap for my daughter.

"I'm not going to make the players apologize," Guillen told the Sun-Times. "I
don't think that was a big deal. It's our house. I don't think we did anything
wrong and I don't think we did anything to make people upset. We did something
to have fun and stay loose."

Guillen did have one problem with the display: "Those dolls don't work.
Hopefully, we can come up with something better. We don't need dolls. We need
hits."

Something better? What's the next step? How about a noose and a sign urging
players to go out and lynch their opponents? How about a picture of two
opponents kissing and a sign that says let's beat those gays? Because for many
women and hopefully for many of the men who love them, the symbol of a blow-up
doll is offensive and threatening.

I would suggest that Guillen just doesn't need hits. He needs to be hit with a
fine and sensitivity training. And, hopefully, he can be sent to a sensitivity
trainer a little more accomplished than the one he was ordered to see two years
ago when he used a derogatory term for a gay man to describe Sun-Times columnist
Jay Mariotti.

Now, there are some out there who will point out that what the White Sox did is
OK because it is something that happened inside the clubhouse, not out in a
dugout or on the field. While I agree that in our society the locker room has
long been revered as a sacred retreat of protracted adolescence, there is one
thing you have to understand about a major-league clubhouse: It is not a private
place.

A major-league clubhouse is not like the locker room at your health club. It is
not like the locker room at your high school. For at least three hours a day, it
is a place of business: for players, for team personnel, for sports writers, for
cameramen, for anchorpeople, it is the place they go to do their job.

There are private areas in a clubhouse. Many have players-only areas, and all
have a trainer's room where no non-club personnel are allowed. But the White Sox
blow-up display was smack in the middle of the clubhouse, where everyone who had
to go in and do their work was forced to contend with it. And not one White Sox
employee, not even apparently the public relations person, was bothered enough
by the shrine to take it down before reporters came in that day.

My understanding is that there were no women reporters working the game in
Toronto. My understanding also is that if there had been, the White Sox might be
contending with a lawsuit.

But this issue is not just about how the White Sox treat reporters. It's about
attitudes in Major League Baseball.

Fifty per cent of baseball's potential fans are women. They attend games, they
drive aspiring players to Little League games and they buy thousands of dollars
worth of merchandise.

And they deserve better.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Mike Cassese, Reuters; Chicago White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen isn't
going to make his players apologize for the motivational clubhouse display. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2008 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              955 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                              May 8, 2008 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

White Sox' vulgar clubhouse display an insult to women

BYLINE: Barbara Barker, Newsday

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 697  words


Major League Baseball has a problem.

Apparently, they think it is OK to demean 50 percent of the population.
Apparently, they think it is OK that seven days before Mother's Day, one of
their teams featured a vulgar and sexist shrine -- complete with blow-up dolls
and baseball bats -- in its clubhouse. Apparently, they don't care that the
prevalent attitude in their sport when it comes to denigrating women is that
"boys will be boys."

Major League Baseball has a problem because it took two days for anyone to voice
a concern about what happened in Toronto on Sunday. That's when an unnamed White
Sox player, trying to think of a novel way to break his team out of its slump,
set up two blow-up dolls on the clubhouse couch accompanied by "strategically
placed" baseball bats, sex toys and a sign that read "You've Got To Push,"
according to a report. According to a report in the Chicago Sun-Times, one doll
had a bat inserted in its"backside" to prop it up.

Tuesday, when contacted by Newsday, Major League Baseball vice president of
public relations Patrick Courtney said, "We are looking into it."

At least that's better than what White Sox Manager Ozzie Guillen had to say. His
sentiments aren't exactly ones that are going to have me run out and buy a pink
White Sox cap for my daughter.

"I'm not going to make the players apologize," Guillen told the Sun-Times. "I
don't think that was a big deal. It's our house. I don't think we did anything
wrong and I don't think we did anything to make people upset. We did something
to have fun and stay loose." Guillen did have one problem with the display:
"Those dolls don't work. Hopefully, we can come up with something better. We
don't need dolls. We need hits."

Something better? What's the next step? How about a noose and a sign urging
players to go out and lynch their opponents? How about a picture of two
opponents kissing and a sign that says let's beat those gays? Because for many
women and hopefully for many of the men who love them, the symbol of a blow-up
doll is offensive and threatening.

I would suggest that Guillen just doesn't need hits. He needs to be hit with a
fine and some sensitivity training. And hopefully he can be sent to a
sensitivity trainer a little more accomplished than the one he was ordered to
see two years ago when he used a derogatory term for a gay man to describe
Sun-Times columnist Jay Mariotti.

Now, there are some out there who will point out that what the White Sox did is
OK because it is something that happened inside the clubhouse, not out in a
dugout or on the field. While I agree that in our society the locker room has
long been revered as a sacred retreat of protracted adolescence, there is one
thing you have to understand about a major-league clubhouse: It is not a private
place.

A major-league clubhouse is not like the locker room at your health club. It is
not like the locker room at your high school. For at least three hours a day, it
is a place of business: for players, for team personnel, for sports writers, for
cameramen, for anchorpeople, it is the place they go to do their job.

There are private areas in a clubhouse. Many have players-only areas, and all
have a trainer's room where no non-club personnel are allowed. But the White Sox
blow-up display was smack in the middle of the clubhouse, where everyone who had
to go in and do their work was forced to contend with it. And not one White Sox
employee, not even apparently the public relations person, was bothered enough
by the shrine to take it down before reporters came in.

My understanding is that there were no women reporters working the game in
Toronto. My understanding also is that if there had been, the White Sox might be
contending with a lawsuit.

But this issue is not just about how the White Sox treat reporters. It's about
attitudes in Major League Baseball. It's not enough just to use pink bats to
support breast cancer on Mother's Day. It's not just enough to make
pastel-coloured hats.

Fifty percent of baseball's potential fans are women. They attend games, they
drive aspiring players to Little League games and they buy thousands of dollars
worth of merchandise.

And they deserve better.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2008 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              956 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                     March 1, 2000 Wednesday Final Edition

Mahovlich demeans his office: Senator and hockey great sends wrong message in
violent beer ad

SOURCE: Ottawa Citizen

BYLINE: Gare Joyce

SECTION: Opinion; Gare Joyce; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 779 words

We are at odds with ourselves about violence in hockey. We profess to abhor it
one minute, celebrate it the next.

That point was driven home last week by TV networks' coverage of Marty
McSorley's stick assault on Donald Brashear.

The graphic footage from the Boston Bruins-Vancouver Canucks game was replayed
time and again, and commentators spared no hyperbole in registering their
disgust with McSorley.

Then the sportscasts cut away to a beer commercial featuring an appointed public
official drilling a hapless hockey player face first into the glass and boards.
This was done for laughs.

That appointed public official is Senator Frank Mahovlich, a Hockey Hall of
Famer. He is participating with fellow Canadiens alumni Jean Beliveau, Henri
Richard and Yvan Cournoyer in a promotion for Molson Breweries, the folks who
signed their paycheques in their playing days.

In this promotion, contest winners have a chance to participate in a fantasy
camp with these famous names, depicted in the commercial putting a bunch of
lucky beer leaguers through their paces, teaching them a lesson or two about the
game.

You can easily understand the campaign's appeal to the beer-swilling
constituency and it's a feel-good television advertisement with one glaring
exception. In one clip, the rec player tries to skate past Mahovlich along the
boards. Mahovlich, never known as a tough guy in his playing days, takes a
gratuitous shot at the guy.

A beer commercial, a hit in a game of shinny that leaves an opponent writhing on
the ice: Is this any way for a senator to behave?

No, says Ian Greene, a political science professor at York University who has
written extensively about ethics and government.

"Doing a beer commercial doesn't seem to be appropriate behaviour for a member
of the Senate. It damages the dignity of the office . . ."

While Greene labels Mahovlich's participation in the commercial inappropriate,
he notes that the senator has not violated any code of conduct or
conflict-of-interest guideline for his office.

"Really, there isn't any code or guidelines for the Senate. There is for the
cabinet, but not for the Senate. A Commons committee tabled a proposal for
conflict-of-interest guidelines for the Senate a few years ago but nothing came
of it."

That's easy to imagine. It's hardly a front-burner issue.

As Greene describes it, rules about conflict of interest would concern those who
seek personal profit from their public office. A code of conduct would prohibit
behaviour that tarnished the reputation and dignity of elected or appointed
office. It's the latter that troubles Greene.

"In this instance, Senator Mahovlich is profiting not from his position in the
Senate, but from his reputation as a great hockey player," Greene says.
"Nonetheless, endorsing products, particularly beer, seems beneath the dignity
of the office and hitting an opponent seems all the more so.

"When an individual is elected to public office or accepts an appointment to a
public office, he should expect to forgo certain activities and accept certain
standards of behaviour. Commercial endorsements would fall into that category,
especially endorsements with unsavoury or offensive images."

Mahovlich appeared stunned that anybody is taking umbrage with his participation
in the Molson campaign.

"It's splitting hairs," he said yesterday. "Somebody is always going to
criticize you. There's no conflict of interest here. Everybody (in the Senate)is
doing other things.

"Hockey was my life. It's still part of my life and I'm concerned about the
game."

The senator felt there was nothing gratuitous about the check he levelled in the
commercial.

"It was just a bodycheck. I did what they asked me. The guy wasn't a player. He
was a stuntman. It was just an act and checking is part of the game."

Asked if it glamourized or trivialized hockey violence, Mahovlich offered a
terse "No."

If the senator is guilty of anything, it would be shockingly bad judgment. He
would enhance his reputation and that of the Senate if he acted as a
spokesperson for reforming attitudes about the game. It would be far better to
be a statesman than a shill for a brewery, a violent shill to boot.

"He is still a hero, somebody who played at the highest level of the game and
represented Canada (in international play)," said Greene, a hockey fan and a fan
of Mahovlich. "A lot of people will be willing to overlook this and give him a
pass."

They shouldn't. His judgment in accepting the commercial which trivializes
violence gives the Senate and all involved a black eye.

- Gare Joyce is a sports columnist for The Ottawa Citizen

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Column

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              957 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 26, 2010 Sunday

Reading Eagle, Pa., George Hatza column

BYLINE: George Hatza, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 394 words


Dec. 26--Criticism is essential to an artist's growth.

I believe that's clearly stated.

I've been saying it for three decades in columns for this publication, but I'm
always taken aback when I'm confronted with complaints.

Let's try again: The purpose of a review is not to extol, nor is it to demean.
It is to analyze.

Critics are not consumer reporters. Go to the show or don't go; it's your
decision.

Reviews attempt to explain what the artist is doing -- the work's meaning, its
context -- as well as why he's doing it and how well.

What a critic does is to bring his expertise to an exhibit, play, film, concert
-- whatever the medium -- and to dissect its successes and failures.

Perfection and utter failure are rare. Most artistic efforts lie somewhere
between.

During the holidays one often attends gatherings. People talk about what they
see, and everyone has his own predilections.

But as soon as someone realizes there's a critic among them, all eyes turn in
his direction.

Recently it was brought to my attention by an individual at just such an event
that the Reading Eagle "panned" a local art show. That's not exactly accurate.

Many pieces in the show were commended; others were not.

I went to see the show myself, and I found that the newspaper's art
correspondent and I were generally on the same page.

I asked the individual, who thought the exhibit was reviewed unfavorably,
whether he regarded every work in the show as worthy of admiration. He admitted
he did not.

So then, what's the problem?

People think they want a review but what they really desire is unadulterated
praise.

If artists (even hobbyists) are to mature in their respective media, then they
need to hear the bad stuff as well as the good.

That's how one's work matures; it's also how one develops a thick skin.

Because if you think criticism from Reading Eagle reviewers -- who, believe what
you will, more often than not go out of their way to keep it positive -- is
tough, just wait until you move on to the big game.

Contact George Hatza: 610-371-5075 or ghatza@readingeagle.com

To see more of the Reading Eagle, or to subscribe, go to
http://www.readingeagle.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Reading Eagle, Pa. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the
content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101226-RE-Reading-Eagle-Pa-George-Hatza-column-1226-20101226

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2010 Reading Eagle


                              958 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                           November 4, 2009 Wednesday

OUR VIEW;
A VULNERABLE BIRD IS WIND-TURBINE CAUTION

SECTION: EDITORIALS; Pg. A-13

LENGTH: 516 words


This just in: barbed wire is bad for sage grouse. Not to demean that noble,
fascinating and nice-tasting avian, but darn near everything poses hazards to
it, owing largely to its chunky physique, limited flying ability and relatively
slow running speed.

Yet while its habitat, the sagebrush flats and grasslands of the American West,
was tamed by "bobwire" more than a century ago, those birds -- the males of
which puff up bright orange air sacs and make deep-baritone hoots while doing a
springtime mating dance -- still proliferate in many states.

But it's a precarious existence, what with hunters of the four-legged and
two-legged variety, industrial and housing-development incursions on their
territory and, more recently, the blossoming of wind farms. Declining
populations have juxtaposed their future with that of renewable energy.

The propellers of wind turbines, some more than 100 feet in diameter, and
reaching high speeds in high winds, pose threats of more than one kind: Few of
the lumbering birds might fly high enough to be struck by the generator blades,
but scientists are finding that sage grouse, prairie chickens and related birds
fear tall structures where hawks, eagles and other predators might roost.

Thus the ongoing challenge of creating nonpolluting and renewable energy --
while minimizing environmental impacts. And thus the compound concern raised by
the recent report on barbed wire: Should the wind-power people say what the
heck; if those birds are being endangered by fences, maybe they're doomed
anyway, so let's keep putting up the turbine towers?

No, not in these environmentally sensitive times. Whether or not a Wyoming Game
and Fish Department study shows evidence that a gross of grouse flew into just
one five-mile stretch of fence in only seven months, that might prove to be a
separate issue -- one that might turn the llano of New Mexico and other Western
openland into the scene of, what, brightly colored plastic ribbon clipped to
fence wire?

As for wind farms, they're already drawing disapproval -- on aesthetic as well
as environmental grounds. In their current form, they don't suit some folks'
ideas of what the wide, open spaces should be. Those of a not-in-my-back-yard
bent are finding useful allies among bird-lovers.

The wind-energy companies aren't exactly adversaries: They've been well aware
for several years that certain mountain passes and other stretches are
bird-migration routes; their planning has included such considerations.

Most recently, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service's Wind Advisory Committee,
members of which include energy leaders, have added to their bird-migration
planning a set of buffer zones around sage-grouse breeding grounds.

Smart move; if the wind-advisory group can come up with voluntary guidelines for
grouse, as well as for other potential wind-farm victims, they might avoid
heavier-handed regulations that some enviros are advocating.

Meanwhile, the emerging awareness of barbed wire as sage-grouse hazard might
give the wind industry the diversion it needs to keep bird protection in the
voluntary camp.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 The Santa Fe New Mexican
                              All Rights Reserved


                              959 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                           November 4, 2009 Wednesday

OUR VIEW;
A VULNERABLE BIRD IS WIND-TURBINE CAUTION

SECTION: EDITORIALS; Pg. A-13

LENGTH: 516 words


This just in: barbed wire is bad for sage grouse. Not to demean that noble,
fascinating and nice-tasting avian, but darn near everything poses hazards to
it, owing largely to its chunky physique, limited flying ability and relatively
slow running speed.

Yet while its habitat, the sagebrush flats and grasslands of the American West,
was tamed by "bobwire" more than a century ago, those birds -- the males of
which puff up bright orange air sacs and make deep-baritone hoots while doing a
springtime mating dance -- still proliferate in many states.

But it's a precarious existence, what with hunters of the four-legged and
two-legged variety, industrial and housing-development incursions on their
territory and, more recently, the blossoming of wind farms. Declining
populations have juxtaposed their future with that of renewable energy.

The propellers of wind turbines, some more than 100 feet in diameter, and
reaching high speeds in high winds, pose threats of more than one kind: Few of
the lumbering birds might fly high enough to be struck by the generator blades,
but scientists are finding that sage grouse, prairie chickens and related birds
fear tall structures where hawks, eagles and other predators might roost.

Thus the ongoing challenge of creating nonpolluting and renewable energy --
while minimizing environmental impacts. And thus the compound concern raised by
the recent report on barbed wire: Should the wind-power people say what the
heck; if those birds are being endangered by fences, maybe they're doomed
anyway, so let's keep putting up the turbine towers?

No, not in these environmentally sensitive times. Whether or not a Wyoming Game
and Fish Department study shows evidence that a gross of grouse flew into just
one five-mile stretch of fence in only seven months, that might prove to be a
separate issue -- one that might turn the llano of New Mexico and other Western
openland into the scene of, what, brightly colored plastic ribbon clipped to
fence wire?

As for wind farms, they're already drawing disapproval -- on aesthetic as well
as environmental grounds. In their current form, they don't suit some folks'
ideas of what the wide, open spaces should be. Those of a not-in-my-back-yard
bent are finding useful allies among bird-lovers.

The wind-energy companies aren't exactly adversaries: They've been well aware
for several years that certain mountain passes and other stretches are
bird-migration routes; their planning has included such considerations.

Most recently, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service's Wind Advisory Committee,
members of which include energy leaders, have added to their bird-migration
planning a set of buffer zones around sage-grouse breeding grounds.

Smart move; if the wind-advisory group can come up with voluntary guidelines for
grouse, as well as for other potential wind-farm victims, they might avoid
heavier-handed regulations that some enviros are advocating.

Meanwhile, the emerging awareness of barbed wire as sage-grouse hazard might
give the wind industry the diversion it needs to keep bird protection in the
voluntary camp.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The New Mexican


                              960 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Intelligencer Journal (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                           August 20, 2008 Wednesday

Questionable Way

BYLINE: Letters

SECTION: A; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 64  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


TO THE EDITOR:

I cannot believe the statement by Mayor Rick Gray - "They have to demean him" -
referring to Barack Obama (Intell, Aug. 8).

Is it any wonder that this mindset has resulted in nothing but negative
political ads by the Republican candidate? If this is the only way to conduct a
political campaign, then this country is indeed on the critical care list.

Jerry Troutman, Ephrata

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              961 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           December 28, 2006 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

A New Idea in Security Would Put Vehicle Barriers on a Pavement-Level Turntable

BYLINE: By DAVID W. DUNLAP

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; BLOCKS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 837 words


IT is easy to criticize haphazard security measures that cannibalize and demean
public space.

It is not so easy to come up with alternatives besides those ever-multiplying
sidewalk posts known as bollards. But a couple of intriguing ideas from Rogers
Marvel Architects are on view in the Municipal Art Society's Urban Center, at
Madison Avenue and 51st Street.

One, an unobtrusive truck barrier, is already a reality at Battery Park City.
The other, a turntable barrier, may become a reality next year.

The turntable, 20 feet in diameter, would be embedded in Broad Street. It would
support a row of posts capable of resisting a heavy speeding truck. There would
be room enough between the posts for pedestrians to pass, and the surface would
be paved in the same material as the surrounding roadway.

Usually, the barrier would be in the closed position, perpendicular to traffic.
For authorized vehicles, the turntable would rotate 90 degrees, shifting the row
of posts parallel to traffic and creating an opening large enough to drive
through.

Rogers Marvel and its offshoot firm, Rock 12 Security Architecture, designed the
turntable to help reclaim the streetscape outside the New York Stock Exchange,
which created a seven-block security belt around itself after 9/11. This
included makeshift checkpoints at which heavily laden pickup trucks, parked
crosswise, blocked the streets.

Five years later, there are still two pickup trucks at Broad and Beaver Streets,
surrounded by concrete planter tubs and police barricades.

If the turntable survives the scrutiny of the Police Department and the Art
Commission, it will replace the trucks sometime next year. It would be made by
the Macton Corporation of Oxford, Conn., one of whose turntables is on stage at
the Metropolitan Opera House.

This is the second phase of a streetscape program begun in 2003 by the Lower
Manhattan Development Corporation, the Department of City Planning and the
city's Economic Development Corporation.

In the first phase, temporary barricades around the exchange were replaced with
30-inch-high barriers that Rogers Marvel calls NoGos. Their faceted, polygonal
bronze surfaces cover concrete cores weighing a couple of tons. They are large
enough and just flat enough to double as benches. The turntable posts would
resemble the NoGos, said Graeme Waitzkin of Rock 12.

What if pedestrians are on the turntable when it begins moving? Robert M. Rogers
of Rogers Marvel answered with a question of his own: ''Did your grandmother
ever fall down when she was having brunch at the revolving restaurant?''

Rudin Management, the builder and owner of 55 Broad Street, which stands at the
checkpoint, supports the project. Asked what made the turntable so attractive,
John J. Gilbert III, the chief operating officer at Rudin, said, ''No. 1, it's
cool.''

MUCH less conspicuous is a barrier called a Tiger Trap that Rogers Marvel and
the Engineered Arresting Systems Corporation of Aston, Pa., have designed for
the Battery Park City Authority. It functions like a moat but looks like
landscaping.

In the Tiger Trap system, which has been installed at Vesey Street and North End
Avenue, a threshold made of compressible concrete extends in front of a low
wall. The concrete bed is covered with plantings (sedum, in the case of Battery
Park City) or paving. It is strong enough to bear the weight of people on foot.

But if a truck tried to cross it, the concrete threshold would collapse, sending
the truck into the barrier wall, which extends several feet below ground. It has
been shown to stop a 15,000-pound truck hitting it at 50 miles per hour.
Compressible concrete is also used to stop aircraft that overrun the ends of
runways.

''It's been well tested,'' James E. Cavanaugh, the president and chief executive
of the Battery Park City Authority, said yesterday.

''Our hope is that we can convince the corporate community to get away from
ringing their buildings with bollards,'' he said. ''We want to provide the
feeling of a city, rather than an armed camp.''

''You know what the obstacle is?'' Mr. Cavanaugh continued. ''When you talk to
corporate security people, they like the look of being protected. They like the
idea of bollards because it sends a signal to would-be terrorists.'' However, he
added, ''anyone who's going to look to breach security at a building is going to
do their homework and find out who's protected and who's not.''

He recalled the attitude among corporations a few years ago when the authority
started trying to integrate security less conspicuously into the streetscape.
''There wasn't a lot of sympathy for the direction we were headed in,'' he said.
''But I sense that interest is starting to grow.''

The turntable and the trap are featured in an exhibition, ''The New Street:
Innovation at the Perimeter,'' organized by Rogers Marvel. It runs through
Wednesday in the Urban Center Galleries, which are open daily from 11 a.m. to 5
p.m., but closed Thursdays and Sundays. Admission is free.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: As envisioned in a rendering, the row of barriers would normally
be perpendicular to traffic, blocking passage. At the approach of an authorized
vehicle, the turntable would slowly rotate, creating space to pass. (Photo by
Michael McCann for Rogers Marvel Architects)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              962 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        SUNDAY TELEGRAM (Massachusetts)

                              June 25, 2006 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Race card may trump true issues;
Phony cries of racism demean real cases

BYLINE: Dianne Williamson

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; DIANNE WILLIAMSON; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 837 words


The father of young Augustus J. Kormah isn't talking much these days. Last year,
though, he had much to say about a system that had railroaded his poor, innocent
son.

"The school and the police have treated my family very unfairly," he told me, in
May 2005. "They manipulated my son. The school, the police, they were all out to
destroy this kid."

The Kormah lad attracted lots of media attention last spring, when the teenager
and his family adamantly denied he had anything to do with making phony bomb
threats to two city high schools. Not only did the family proclaim his
innocence, but they insisted that the teen was a victim of racism and was
"pressured" into making a false confession by threatening school administrators
who had apparently been watching too many episodes of "24."

"He's just a black kid and race definitely had something to do with this,"
Augustus Kormah Sr. said in 2005. "The principal is very racist. My son and his
friends tell me they're treated differently than the other students, that
they're disciplined more harshly." The elder Kormah, a native of Liberia, also
said that local residents in the African community were upset by the school's
treatment of his son.

In recent months, we've seen race rear its ugly head in Worcester County with
varied degrees of success. In March, the father of an Auburn High School student
who was beaten by a classmate said the fight served to highlight racial
hostility at the school. (The assailant was white; his victim, black). In
Fitchburg, a grand jury's decision not to indict a white state trooper in the
fatal shooting of a black motorist has heightened the minority community's
suspicion of police. And just last week, a referee said he's still waiting for
an apology from a black high school basketball coach who ignited a local debate
about race when he blamed his team's loss on racist officiating.

To note that a cry of racism is an intimidating rhetorical weapon is not to say
it doesn't exist. You'd have to be clueless to argue that race isn't a big
problem in America and that members of minority groups don't struggle with overt
or subtle discrimination on the job and in their personal lives.

This is why it's important that we avoid stacking the deck with a race card when
it can collapse like a house of cards.

Last week, young Augustus Kormah pleaded guilty in Worcester Superior Court to
two counts each of threatening and disrupting a school assembly in connection
with calls he made to state police on April 14, 2005, reporting that there were
bombs at South High Community School, where he attended, and North High. Under
questioning by the judge, the 18-year-old admitted making the calls and
apologized for his behavior.

He was sentenced to time served but was not released from custody, because he
was being held on bail on several pending charges that include possession of
cocaine with intent to distribute and failure to stop for a police officer. In
August, he was also arrested on firearms charges after police said they found a
loaded handgun in a car he had been driving, but his lawyer told the court that
the teenager was found not guilty of those charges.

When I called the lad's dad after court on Thursday, he was much less vocal than
last year and said he'd "like to leave everything the way it is." But his wife,
apparently ignoring evidence that traced the bomb threats to her son's cell
phone, said he pleaded guilty "to get it over with" and because it would have
been too costly to go to trial.

"I can only tell you what my son has told me," said Korlu K. Kormah, who seems
like a nice woman. "He said, `Mommy, I didn't do it.' I believe him to a certain
extent. I still believe him when he says he didn't do it."

A parent's blind faith in a child who doesn't earn it is perhaps a topic for
another time, but initial reaction to the Kormah case underscores the depths to
which the issue of race has been abused and continues to be abused. A false
claim of racism is an easy way to get press attention or exert social pressure
to silence your opponent. In the Kormah case, it was also used in an
unsuccessful effort to avoid accountability for a crime.

But every time someone cries wolf, it helps us forget that wolves actually
exist. Those who make frivolous claims of racism should be denounced with the
same energy as racists, because they cheapen the issue and exploit the goodwill
of people who work to counter bigotry and discrimination.

Last week, I asked Mrs. Kormah whether she and her husband planned to punish
their son, now 18 and still living at home. She said they were thinking about
it.

"We might send him to Liberia for a year as part of his punishment, if the
probation officer says it's OK," she said. "He'd learn to appreciate what he has
here."

Maybe a flight to a country ravaged by civil war and real human rights
violations is just the ticket. In the meantime, we should remember that a rustle
in the forest doesn't always reveal a wolf.

Contact Dianne Williamson by e-mail at dwilliamson@telegram.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              963 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                            February 1, 2004 Sunday

It all points to Patriots

BYLINE: STEVEN BISHEFF

SECTION: SPECIALBROADSHEET

LENGTH: 981 words

DATELINE: HOUSTON


So whom exactly should you rely on in Reliant Stadium?

The young team on the edge of greatness, or the slightly older one that is
already there? The no-name quarterback who has fallen from somewhere out of the
World League clouds, or his smooth counterpart who wins as regularly as he
flashes that movie-star smile? The group that wants to run, run, run until daddy
takes their teal shirts away, or the dominant defense that oozes experience and
cohesion?

The more you study, the more it seems as plain as the scowl on Bill Belichick's
face.

The Patriots should win Super Bowl XXXVIII because they've already arrived where
the Panthers are trying to go. Because Jake Delhomme is not now, and might not
ever be, Tom Brady. Because as skilled as Carolina is on defense, it still isn't
as consistent and efficient as New England is on that side of the ball.

Most of all, the Pats should win because they have Belichick, and the Panthers
don't.

This is not meant to demean John Fox, who appears to be an excellent young coach
on the rise. But Belichick, with his steel-trap mind, seems to be as much an
overwhelming advantage in this game as Jon Gruden was in Super Bowl XXXVII.

With Gruden, it was his vast knowledge of the Raiders, the team that he had
coached the previous season.

With Belichick, it is his vast knowledge of everything, particularly on defense.

Give this guy two weeks to prepare, and the Joe Montana-Jerry Rice-Roger Craig
49ers might have had trouble scoring. And trust me, this Carolina team bears
little, if any, resemblance to that one from San Francisco.

The Patriots' advantages seem to be everywhere you look.

Here are just some of the other factors in their favor as the clock finally
ticks down to the start of another of these overhyped extravaganzas:

To Run, or Not to Run -- The worst-kept secret of this Super Bowl is that the
Panthers want to run until their tongues are dragging along the soft Texas grass
here today.

It will be shocking if they can do it against whatever shrewd scheme Belichick
throws at them on defense.

The Pats were No. 4 against the rush and No. 1 in least points allowed during
the regular season. Then they blew the doors off Indy's race car of an offense
in the AFC title game. Against the Colts, Belichick stopped Peyton Manning even
though he also had to be concerned about Edgerrin James.

Against Carolina, he can move strong safety Rodney Harrison, my long-shot MVP
candidate, up into the box and concentrate everything on shutting down Stephen
Davis and DeShaun Foster. In essence, he will then be daring Delhomme to beat
him.

This is not to say Jake is a fake or anything.

But if Manning, probably the best quarterback in football today, couldn't do it,
it's difficult to see how Delhomme can.

The Quality of Competition -- The NFL was very similar to the NBA this season.
The AFC was like the Western Conference, and the NFC was comparable to the
Eastern Conference.

The difference in the level of play was that stark.

The AFC probably had the three best teams in the league, and the Pats had to
beat two of them twice to get here. They defeated the Titans and Colts in the
regular season, then repeated those victories in the playoffs.

The Panthers had to beat a flawed Rams team that no longer knows whom its
quarterback should be, and a one-dimensional Eagles team that seemed to be
playing with minor-league receivers.

And yet, when you think back to that NFC title game on a damp, cold night in
Philadelphia, Carolina's only scores came on a pass Delhomme threw up for grabs
early, and a late mini-drive of 37 yards set up by a turnover.

If Fox's team had that much trouble generating points against the Eagles, how
much will it have against the Patriots?

My guess is plenty.

The Brady Hunch -- OK, so it's not a hunch anymore. This is a quarterback on the
verge of becoming the No. 1 winner in the sport.

He's 39-12 overall, 5-0 in the playoffs, 7-0 in overtime and 25-4 after Nov. 1.
The bigger the game, the better he seems to play.

He was just a pup when he trotted on the field in those final seconds and
directed the Pats to that winning field goal against the Rams in Super XXXVI two
years ago. Now, more confident and mature, he is the ideal extension of what
Belichick wants in a quarterback.

Watch him in the interminable pregame TV highlights they'll be showing leading
up to kickoff. See where he puts the ball in those quick, short darts he throws,
especially on early downs.

He deposits them in a perfect place. Even if they're not caught, they can't be
intercepted.

The Patriots don't have a superstar receiver, just a bunch of quick, undersized
wideouts who know where to go, know how to get open and know the ball will get
to them on time.

This is a game with a quarterback mismatch. Pick against Brady if you want, but
do it at your own risk.

The Streak is Back -- After my strange streak of picking 19 Super Bowl winners
in a row ended, I stopped writing about it. But six years later, it's
b-a-a-a-a-c-k.

I'm now 23-2 in the Supers I've covered, and while I won't bore you with all the
fluky details, let's just say I only wish my winning percentage was as good in
all sports.

Call this one 23-6, Patriots.

And here's wishing a happy Super karma day to you, too.

MEDIA PREDICTIONS

Steve Bisheff, Orange County Register Patriots, 23-6 Michael Lev, Orange County
Register Patriots, 23-13 Jim Thomas, St. Louis Post-Dispatch Panthers, 23-16
Jerry Magee, San Diego Union-Tribune Panthers, 9-7 Ron Borges, Boston Globe
Patriots, 17-13 Paul Woody, Richmond Times-Dispatch Panthers, 13-9 Art Spander,
Oakland Tribune, Patriots, 17-7 Nick Canepa, San Diego Union-Tribune Panthers,
14-13 Rick Gosselin, Dallas Morning-News Patriots, 19-16, OT Nick Gee, Boston
Herald Patriots, 23-6 Len Pasquarelli, ESPN.com Patriots, 27-17 Bob Ryan, Boston
Globe Patriots, 17-13 John Clayton, ESPN Patriots, 20-17 Dan Shaughnessy, Boston
Globe Patriots, 12-10

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NOT-SO-SECRET WEAPON: Coach Bill Belichick, talking with reporters
Friday, gives New England Patriots a huge advantage.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2004 Orange County Register


                              964 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                             May 29, 2003, Thursday

GOLF: BUGGINS PLAN DEMEANS HOPEFULS FOR GAME'S HIGH OFFICE

BYLINE: MICHAEL BLAIR

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 614 words


From a distance it would have been expected that when Ian Woosnam sets off on
his quest for the Wales Open at Celtic Manor today, he would do so as the
comfortably installed captain of Europe's next Ryder Cup team.

But his appointment, which we thought was only a matter for the rubber stamp
after his vice-captaincy at The Belfry last autumn, is still in abeyance. Why?

By the time the leadership is allotted, we will only be 14 months from the next
engagement and while that is hardly a cause for panic, it will be remembered
that Sam Torrance had the best part of two years to prepare for the last joust
and this became three years after September 11 2001.

The conclusion, of course, is that the Ryder Cup committee are waiting on
Bernhard Langer. Is he available?

If he is, then he's a natural for Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, next year and even
Woosnam agrees with that. Provided that he - Woosnam - gets the nod for the 2006
contest at the K Club in Dublin.

Neat, or what?

Not really. That smacks of the Buggins arrangement and we really should be
aiming higher when it comes to the allocation of such high office in one of the
biggest happenings in world sport.

Why Woosnam in the first place?

True, he was vice-captain last year and I've heard no one suggest that he did a
bad job. But he was vice-captain at the invitation of his mate, Torrance, who
was invited by his oppo, Mark James, for the match before.

Does it follow that he who plays second fiddle automatically takes over the
band? If it does, then it effectively means that one captain appoints another
and I'll give the Ryder Cup committee credit for pausing for some thought on
that.

Langer, I'm sure they would conclude, would make an ideal captain. A golfing
hard man with a profound knowledge of the game and all its trappings.

On paper, he could make the best captain we have ever had and having said that,
after Tony Jacklin, I'm not sure that he has a great deal to beat.

We've won Ryder Cups despite the captain and we've lost Ryder Cups because of
him. Perhaps he's not that important, not in a game that is as difficult to
budget for as golf. Torrance's feat was that he put paid to that suspicion.

When the committee consider the captaincy they should be looking at officer
material. Which Langer very obviously represents. Does Woosnam? Can he ever get
away from his Little Woosie image?

He did when he won the United States Masters but he will forever be regarded as
one of the lads and I wonder if he has got a cold enough brain for this job.

Sandy Lyle has also thrown his hat in the ring. Lyle, for all his vast talent,
is so amiable a cove that he has trouble motivating himself let alone a gang of
12, of such diverse personality and nationality.

Does the timing of the Ryder Cup impede Woosnam's chances? If the next contest,
or the one after that, was being held in Wales, he would be swept into office on
a tide of nationalistic optimism and never mind any other considerations.

But it's not. Wales will host the Cup in 2010 by which time Woosnam will be 53
and in all probability will have lost touch with the European Tour. If he is
passed over for the next two meetings, I doubt that he would be interested any
longer.

If he is passed over for the next two, he's going to be terminally slighted.

At the last reckoning, though, we come back to the list of runners. Who is
there? Candidates of exceptional charisma, tact and intellect do not abound.

The whole issue is a closed shop. The Ryder Cup committee do not go out looking
for a captain; he comes to them. So they get the captain they deserve.

But do the team?

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2003 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                              965 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                             May 29, 2003, Thursday

GOLF: BUGGINS PLAN DEMEANS HOPEFULS FOR GAME'S HIGH OFFICE

BYLINE: MICHAEL BLAIR

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 614 words


From a distance it would have been expected that when Ian Woosnam sets off on
his quest for the Wales Open at Celtic Manor today, he would do so as the
comfortably installed captain of Europe's next Ryder Cup team.

But his appointment, which we thought was only a matter for the rubber stamp
after his vice-captaincy at The Belfry last autumn, is still in abeyance. Why?

By the time the leadership is allotted, we will only be 14 months from the next
engagement and while that is hardly a cause for panic, it will be remembered
that Sam Torrance had the best part of two years to prepare for the last joust
and this became three years after September 11 2001.

The conclusion, of course, is that the Ryder Cup committee are waiting on
Bernhard Langer. Is he available?

If he is, then he's a natural for Bloomfield Hills, Michigan, next year and even
Woosnam agrees with that. Provided that he - Woosnam - gets the nod for the 2006
contest at the K Club in Dublin.

Neat, or what?

Not really. That smacks of the Buggins arrangement and we really should be
aiming higher when it comes to the allocation of such high office in one of the
biggest happenings in world sport.

Why Woosnam in the first place?

True, he was vice-captain last year and I've heard no one suggest that he did a
bad job. But he was vice-captain at the invitation of his mate, Torrance, who
was invited by his oppo, Mark James, for the match before.

Does it follow that he who plays second fiddle automatically takes over the
band? If it does, then it effectively means that one captain appoints another
and I'll give the Ryder Cup committee credit for pausing for some thought on
that.

Langer, I'm sure they would conclude, would make an ideal captain. A golfing
hard man with a profound knowledge of the game and all its trappings.

On paper, he could make the best captain we have ever had and having said that,
after Tony Jacklin, I'm not sure that he has a great deal to beat.

We've won Ryder Cups despite the captain and we've lost Ryder Cups because of
him. Perhaps he's not that important, not in a game that is as difficult to
budget for as golf. Torrance's feat was that he put paid to that suspicion.

When the committee consider the captaincy they should be looking at officer
material. Which Langer very obviously represents. Does Woosnam? Can he ever get
away from his Little Woosie image?

He did when he won the United States Masters but he will forever be regarded as
one of the lads and I wonder if he has got a cold enough brain for this job.

Sandy Lyle has also thrown his hat in the ring. Lyle, for all his vast talent,
is so amiable a cove that he has trouble motivating himself let alone a gang of
12, of such diverse personality and nationality.

Does the timing of the Ryder Cup impede Woosnam's chances? If the next contest,
or the one after that, was being held in Wales, he would be swept into office on
a tide of nationalistic optimism and never mind any other considerations.

But it's not. Wales will host the Cup in 2010 by which time Woosnam will be 53
and in all probability will have lost touch with the European Tour. If he is
passed over for the next two meetings, I doubt that he would be interested any
longer.

If he is passed over for the next two, he's going to be terminally slighted.

At the last reckoning, though, we come back to the list of runners. Who is
there? Candidates of exceptional charisma, tact and intellect do not abound.

The whole issue is a closed shop. The Ryder Cup committee do not go out looking
for a captain; he comes to them. So they get the captain they deserve.

But do the team?

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2003 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                              966 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  May 2, 2002 Thursday Five Star Lift Edition

A CRUEL DISTORTION

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 395 words


GUN CONTROL

At the same time that biker gangs were exchanging gunshots in a Nevada casino,
the National Rifle Association's executive vice president, Wayne LaPierre, was
shooting his mouth off at the NRA's convention in Reno.

The most offensive portion of his speech was reserved for Americans for Gun
Safety (AGS) and its billionaire founder, Andrew McKelvey. Mr. LaPierre called
AGS members "extremist social guerrillas," and he said the AGS' "network kind of
operates and sounds a lot like Osama bin Laden and the al-Qaida. A billionaire
with an extremist political agenda ... funding an ongoing campaign to hijack
your freedom and take a box-cutter to the Constitution. That's political
terrorism, and it's a far greater threat to your freedom than any foreign
force."

Mr. LaPierre's inflammatory rhetoric is the worst kind of jingoistic tripe. With
it, he demeans the traditional goals and members of the NRA -- hunters, farmers
and others who believe in safe, responsible gun ownership. And just what have
the AGS and Mr. McKelvey done to draw such venom from Mr. LaPierre? Nothing
except promote some very sound gun safety practices.

Contrary to the NRA's claims, the Americans for Gun Safety doesn't want to take
away your guns. It supports a person's right to own firearms, but wants to take
steps to keep weapons out of the hands of criminals and children. We are sure
most NRA members would agree to this much.

There's plenty of irony in the NRA's target. Mr. McKelvey happens to be a
registered Republican whose last political cause was the presidential campaign
of the late Arizona Sen. Barry Goldwater. Mr. McKelvey became concerned about
the proliferation of guns after the spate of tragic school shootings in 1999,
and decided to bankroll an organization to bring some rationality to our gun
laws.

Among the AGS' goals are:

* Closing gun show loopholes that allow anyone -- criminals, kids or terrorists
-- to buy guns without even a cursory background check.

* Warning Americans about the loopholes in background checks that permit felons
and mentally ill people to buy guns.

* Halting illegal gun trafficking.

* Promoting gun safety.

* Educating the public about links between gun shows and crime and the depiction
of violent gun use in children's video games.

If this is extremism, we need more of it in the gun-control debate.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                  Copyright 2002 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              967 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             June 2, 1994, Thursday

Letters Tenants cannot be forced to relinquish their rights

BYLINE: T. ROBERT COOPER, Douglasville

SECTION: EDITOIRAL; Section A; Page 11

LENGTH: 1017 words


The Editors: Dick Williams's May 24 column offers a solution to housing-project
violence with which I disagree. The solution is not forcing tenants, regardless
of their financial status, to relinquish their constitutionally guaranteed
rights, which Williams proposes. The solution is prompting housing-project
tenants to realize and accept their personal accountability and civic duties.
These citizens must assume individual responsibility and courageously
participate with law- enforcement agencies to remove the predators who prey upon
them and their children.

To demand that individuals renounce their constitutional rights as a
prerequisite for government assistance is illegal, discriminatory and harkens
back to the master-slave society of old - only now the master will be
government.

Mr. Williams's column is uncharitable, un-American and racist. His lording
attitude demeans and insults the dignity of government-assistance recipients. It
will only aggravate the sense of hopelessness that now so greatly contributes to
the violence in the housing projects.

The good news

BILL IVEY, Tucker

The Editors: The tax-and-spend Democrat chairman of the House Ways and Means
Committee, Dan Rostenkowski, will have to step aside because of criminal
charges. There's good news and bad news in that.

The bad news is that without his clout, Congress will be unable to pass laws as
easily.

The good news is that without his clout, Congress will be unable to pass laws as
easily.

The real problem

TANNAHILL GLEN, Atlanta

The Editors: I find it ironic that former Nation of Islam spokesman Khalid Abdul
Muhammad was shot by a one-time follower of his extremist religious views. After
all of Muhammad's preaching and ranting about the threat of whites to his
brothers, it seems strange that one his clique of African American males would
try to do him in.

I believe this incident clearly illustrates the real problem Muhammad and his
followers face: Senseless black-on-black violence is not fueled by whites and
Jews but by poverty, family breakdowns and deadly neighborhoods. Muhammad would
do well to take heed and focus on the problems hate and segregation cannot cure.

Cruel and unjust

DEBORAH PATRICK, Covington

The Editors: Our governor says that he has no authority over the state Board of
Pardons and Parole, and that he is prohibited from participating in its
decisions. But what can be done when the board breaks the law right under Mr.
Miller's nose?

How else can it be described, when the Legislature passes a law creating an
incentive program to allow inmates to earn early release and suddenly the board
decides on its own not to acknowledge the law? Is it meant to be a big joke on
these inmates, who have tried so hard for another chance?

If this isn't cruel and unjust punishment, I don't what is.

An embarrassment

ROBERT TYBURSKI, Savannah

The Editors: The membership of Savannah's Community Action Group finds it sad
that Cobb County leaders want to host 1996 Olympic volleyball, yet refuse to
embrace the Olympic ideal of tolerance and diversity.

It is an embarrassment to Atlanta, internationally recognized for its progres
sive history in the civil rights movement and its leaders' continuing
involvement in world human rights, that ACOG (Atlanta Committee for the Olympic
Games) keep volleyball in Cobb. Do we want our historic dark side of intolerance
to resurface for the world in 1996?

To avoid negative fallout, we encourage Cobb to rescind its resolution of moral
absolutism, or we'll strongly encourage ACOG to move volleyball. The Community
Action Group supports Atlanta's gay community in its efforts, and we'll do all
we can in Savannah to help them.

Pet overpopulation a national disgrace

BETTY BURTON, Atlanta

The Editors: An acquaintance arrived home one evening recently to find a
starving, flea-infested, very young puppy at her door. This is not an uncommon
occurrence in her rural area. Another friend has a puppy that was one of a
litter found in an Atlanta dumpster. These pups are the lucky ones.

I cannot even attempt to comprehend how any person can commit such a dastardly
act as to abandon these animals, but I am not surprised. There seems to be an
increasing number of individuals who value nothing. They have no self-respect or
respect for other living things. It's a safe bet that they have money for beer,
cigarettes and entertainments, but they won't spend the one-time fee to have
their animals spayed or neutered. They probably blame the animal for breeding.

Pet overpopulation and the suffering that results are a national disgrace. To
make matters worse, the problem is preventable simply by responsible pet
ownership. Responsible, however, is not a word in some individuals' vocabulary.
We are becoming so desensitized and apathetic to problems around us that it's
scary.

I hope we are educating a generation of children to have compassion for their
environment and all living things. I am not sure we are, though that may be the
only solution for survival.

Mountain lions are dangerous

BURT CAREY, Marietta

The Editors: A recent column in the Pets supplement concerned mountain lions and
the fatal attack on a woman in California. Department of Fish and Game officials
in that state have explained why a healthy mountain lion attacked a marathon
runner. The cat was hungry, looking to feed a cub, and looked upon the runner as
prey. A necropsy proved the lion was not sick. The cat's tracks showed that the
attack was premeditated; it stalked then attacked her from behind.

The lion may have attacked a human because it had no fear of humans, several DFG
biologists have said. DFG-issued permits to kill specific lions that attack
livestock or threaten humans have doubled every six years since 1970. In the
week prior to the attack, three permits were issued for lions within a 50-mile
radius of the attack site.

The truth about mountain lions is that they are dangerous animals. Yes, they
belong in the wild as part of an ecosystem, but their numbers need to be
controlled so they can subsist on natural prey.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH941570026

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              968 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            January 4, 2007 Thursday

NBA Briefs

BYLINE: The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 2821 words


The rim-rattlers

Heat forwards Antoine Walker and James Posey were deactivated because they
didn't meet a team conditioning goal. They could face suspension by Jan. 15 if
the goals, which Posey said center on weight and body fat mandates, are not met.

Wednesday's star

On Jan. 4, 2002, Michael Jordan becomes the fourth player in NBA history to
score 30,000 points.

Washington's Gilbªert Arenas scored 32 points and made the game-winning
three-pointer at the buzzer in the Wizards' 108-105 win over the Bucks.

''Coaching the WNBA was a totally different story. I don't mean to demean that
at all. But this is different. So, I'm sort of curious to see how I'll feel and
how I'll handle it.''

"This is a quote apsd pasd pas daspd asdpas daspuote apsd pasd pas daspd asdpas
daspuote apsd pasd pas daspd asdpas dasp"

RON ROTHSTEIN, who will take over as interim coach of the Heat in Pat Riley's
absence

Timberwolves 103,

Spurs 101

OVERTIME

MINNEAPOLIS - Mark Blount scored 28 points, and Kevin Garnett added 27 points
and 17 rebounds for Minnesota.

The Timberwolves made six straight free throws and Trenton Hassell grabbed a key
rebound late in overtime as they beat the Spurs for the first time in six tries.

FG FT Reb

S.A. Min M-A M-A O-T A PF Pts

Bowen 22:22 0-6 2-2 0-1 1 1 2

Duncan 44:44 11-19 2-2 6-13 5 4 24

Horry 25:41 1-4 0-0 0-1 0 6 2

Ginobili 37:19 7-17 10-11 1-7 1 3 26

Parker 39:41 7-15 5-6 0-4 4 0 19

Barry 13:25 0-2 2-2 0-1 1 2 2

Bonner 23:47 4-10 0-2 3-5 0 4 10

Udrih 15:29 3-5 0-0 0-2 1 0 6

Finley 31:12 3-6 0-0 0-3 3 0 8

Oberto 9:22 1-3 0-0 1-2 0 0 2

Williams 1:58 0-0 0-0 0-0 0 0 0

Totals 265:00 37-87 21-25 11-39 16 20 101

Percentages: FG .425, FT .840. Three-Point Goals: 6-20, .300 (Ginobili 2-4,
Bonner 2-4, Finley 2-5, Horry 0-1, Udrih 0-1, Barry 0-2, Bowen 0-3). Team
Rebounds: 6. Team Turnovers: 5 (4 PTS). Blocked Shots: 7 (Duncan 5, Barry,
Horry). Turnovers: 4 (Barry, Duncan, Horry, Bonner). Steals: 6 (Horry 2, Barry,
Duncan, Ginobili, Parker). Technical Fouls: Defensive Three Second, 8:13 first;
Ginobili, 1:42 overtime.

FG FT Reb

MINN Min M-A M-A O-T A PF Pts

Hassell 44:06 3-4 5-5 4-8 4 5 11

Garnett 46:30 9-23 9-10 2-17 7 3 27

Blount 42:00 12-14 4-4 0-4 2 3 28

RDavis 46:35 3-12 2-2 0-4 7 3 8

James 16:26 2-3 2-2 0-2 1 4 6

Foye 41:11 6-18 6-6 1-3 3 1 19

Reed 5:20 0-1 0-0 0-0 0 1 0

Hudson 10:37 0-0 0-0 1-1 2 0 0

Smith 9:38 2-2 0-0 0-2 0 2 4

Madsen 2:32 0-0 0-0 0-0 0 1 0

Wright 0:05 0-0 0-0 0-0 0 0 0

Totals 265:00 37-77 28-29 8-41 26 23 103

Percentages: FG .481, FT .966. Three-Point Goals: 1-8, .125 (Foye 1-3, R.Davis
0-5). Team Rebounds: 9. Team Turnovers: 11 (15 PTS). Blocked Shots: 7 (Garnett
3, Hassell 2, Blount, Madsen). Turnovers: 10 (Garnett 4, Hassell 3, James 2,
Blount). Steals: 1 (Blount). Technical Fouls: R.Davis, 1:42 overtime.

San Antonio 20 22 29 22 8 -101

Minnesota 31 24 26 12 10 -103

A - 14,185 (19,006). T - 2:31. Officials: Dan Crawford, Michael Smith, Olandis
Poole.

Grizzlies 144,

Warriors 135

MEMPHIS, Tenn. - Mike Miller scored a season-high 33 points and Pau Gasol added
24 points and 13 rebounds to lead Memphis to the highest point total in
franchise history.

Miller connected on 11 of 15 shots, including 9-for-12 from 3-point range.
Stromile Swift added 26 points and nine rebounds.

FG FT Reb

G.S. Min M-A M-A O-T A PF Pts

Pietrus 27:15 5-12 2-2 1-4 1 4 15

Barnes 43:43 13-28 3-3 2-7 5 4 36

Biedrins 24:48 6-7 0-0 5-9 2 6 12

Azubuike 24:14 5-14 2-2 3-5 2 0 15

Davis 39:51 8-14 5-6 2-7 13 2 22

McLeod 20:20 2-4 5-7 0-0 2 3 11

Dunleavy 24:26 5-13 4-4 2-3 3 3 16

Murphy 22:47 1-6 0-0 0-6 4 2 2

Foyle 12:36 3-3 0-0 0-1 1 2 6

Totals 240:00 48-101 21-24 15-42 33 26 135

Percentages: FG .475, FT .875. Three-Point Goals: 18-46, .391 (Barnes 7-16,
Pietrus 3-6, Azubuike 3-6, McLeod 2-3, Dunleavy 2-6, Davis 1-5, Murphy 0-4).
Team Rebounds: 6. Team Turnovers: 12 (18 PTS). Blocked Shots: 7 (Biedrins 2,
Barnes 2, Dunleavy, Murphy, Azubuike). Turnovers: 12 (Barnes 3, Biedrins 2,
McLeod 2, Davis, Dunleavy, Foyle, Pietrus, Azubuike). Steals: 6 (Davis 2,
Biedrins, Murphy, Barnes, Azubuike). Technical Fouls: None.

FG FT Reb

MEMPHIS Min M-A M-A O-T A PF Pts

Miller 30:46 11-15 2-2 0-1 7 3 33

Johnson 16:31 1-7 1-2 4-8 0 1 3

Gasol 35:20 9-14 6-7 3-13 2 1 24

Gay 35:56 8-15 6-9 3-8 3 1 22

Stoudamire 28:04 6-9 4-4 2-6 16 4 18

Atkins 19:56 3-6 3-4 0-1 5 1 10

Swift 34:36 11-17 4-7 4-9 2 3 26

EJones 12:04 1-3 0-0 0-3 1 1 2

DJones 17:14 3-7 0-0 0-0 1 1 6

Warrick 9:33 0-2 0-0 0-1 1 1 0

Totals 240:00 53-95 26-35 16-50 38 17 144

Percentages: FG .558, FT .743. Three-Point Goals: 12-22, .545 (Miller 9-12,
Stoudamire 2-3, Atkins 1-3, E.Jones 0-1, Gay 0-3). Team Rebounds: 9. Team
Turnovers: 11 (18 PTS). Blocked Shots: 11 (Gasol 4, Swift 4, Miller, Gay,
Johnson). Turnovers: 10 (Swift 3, Johnson 2, Atkins, Miller, Stoudamire,
Warrick, Gay). Steals: 6 (Swift 3, Stoudamire 2, Atkins). Technical Fouls:
Miller, 4:40 first; Defensive Three Second, 1:11 first; Defensive Three Second,
6:53 second.

Golden State 36 32 31 36 -135

Memphis 32 35 34 43 -144

A - 12,176 (18,119). T - 2:16. Officials: Ken Mauer, Courtney Kirkland, Jason
Phillips.

Cavaliers 107,

Celtics 104

BOSTON - LeBron James scored 32 points and Zydrunas Ilgauskas added 27 points
and 11 rebounds to lift Cleveland.

Cleveland has beaten the Celtics seven straight times. James scored only four
points in the fourth quarter but has averaged 35 points during the Cavaliers'
winning streak against Boston.

FG FT Reb

CLEVE Min M-A M-A O-T A PF Pts

James 44:47 11-20 8-10 1-6 4 0 32

Gooden 33:04 3-8 7-8 3-12 1 4 13

Ilgauskas 42:05 12-19 3-4 4-11 2 5 27

Hughes 45:04 4-10 6-6 0-3 5 1 14

Snow 29:08 4-11 0-1 1-2 6 2 8

Varejao 17:13 1-1 2-4 2-3 1 3 4

DaJones 25:32 3-9 0-2 0-3 2 0 9

Gibson 3:07 0-1 0-0 0-0 0 1 0

Totals 240:00 38-79 26-35 11-40 21 16 107

Percentages: FG .481, FT .743. Three-Point Goals: 5-13, .385 (Da.Jones 3-7,
James 2-3, Gibson 0-1, Hughes 0-2). Team Rebounds: 14. Team Turnovers: 14 (14
PTS). Blocked Shots: 4 (Hughes, Ilgauskas, James, Varejao). Turnovers: 14
(Ilgauskas 4, Gooden 3, James 3, Snow 3, Hughes). Steals: 10 (James 3, Hughes 2,
Snow 2, Varejao 2, Ilgauskas). Technical Fouls: Hughes, 5:23 fourth.

FG FT Reb

BOSTON Min M-A M-A O-T A PF Pts

Szczerbiak 29:05 4-13 4-4 0-5 0 1 13

Gomes 23:03 3-7 0-0 2-4 1 3 6

Jefferson 33:43 8-12 2-3 2-12 0 3 18

Allen 40:42 8-13 5-6 2-5 4 5 22

West 32:22 4-9 1-1 0-1 8 1 10

Telfair 23:52 4-8 2-3 0-4 5 1 10

Perkins 13:48 1-4 2-2 0-4 1 2 4

Green 19:08 8-13 3-4 2-2 0 4 21

Rondo 7:05 0-1 0-0 0-1 1 0 0

Scalabrine 13:15 0-1 0-0 0-0 0 2 0

Olowokandi 3:57 0-0 0-0 0-1 0 1 0

Totals 240:00 40-81 19-23 8-39 20 23 104

Percentages: FG .494, FT .826. Three-Point Goals: 5-19, .263 (Green 2-5, Allen
1-3, West 1-3, Szczerbiak 1-5, Scalabrine 0-1, Telfair 0-2). Team Rebounds: 15.
Team Turnovers: 15 (16 PTS). Blocked Shots: 3 (Gomes, Szczerbiak, Olowokandi).
Turnovers: 15 (Jefferson 4, Allen 3, Szczerbiak 3, Green 2, Scalabrine 2, West).
Steals: 6 (Allen 2, West 2, Jefferson, Telfair). Technical Fouls: None.

Cleveland 19 30 33 25 -107

Boston 21 33 22 28 -104

A - 18,624 (18,624). T - 2:21. Officials: Scott Foster, Leroy Richardson, David
Guthrie.

Rockets 103,

SuperSonics 96

HOUSTON - Tracy McGrady scored 31 points, topping 30 for the third straight
game, and Juwan Howard added 18 for Houston.

McGrady also had seven assists, and Dikembe Mutombo grabbed 14 rebounds as the
Rockets won their fourth straight game. Houston is 4-1 since Yao Ming broke a
bone in his right leg.

FG FT Reb

SEATTLE Min M-A M-A O-T A PF Pts

Wilkins 35:52 6-13 2-2 1-4 2 2 19

Wilcox 39:39 5-11 3-8 2-4 2 1 13

Fortson 8:59 0-0 0-0 1-2 0 2 0

Allen 42:51 13-22 4-5 0-3 2 0 32

Ridnour 29:35 2-7 3-4 0-2 8 1 7

Petro 23:44 4-5 3-4 0-6 2 4 11

Collison 19:40 3-6 1-1 1-7 0 2 7

Watson 26:05 1-5 1-1 0-1 4 1 3

Sene 0:32 0-0 0-0 0-0 0 0 0

Wilks 0:13 0-0 0-0 0-1 0 0 0

Gelabale 12:50 2-3 0-0 0-2 0 1 4

Totals 240:00 36-72 17-25 5-32 20 14 96

Percentages: FG .500, FT .680. Three-Point Goals: 7-21, .333 (Wilkins 5-10,
Allen 2-7, Ridnour 0-1, Watson 0-3). Team Rebounds: 11. Team Turnovers: 9 (12
PTS). Blocked Shots: 2 (Collison, Wilcox). Turnovers: 8 (Ridnour 3, Allen 2,
Gelabale 2, Watson). Steals: 6 (Ridnour 3, Watson, Wilcox, Gelabale). Technical
Fouls: Defensive Three Second, 4:22 first.

FG FT Reb

HOUSTON Min M-A M-A O-T A PF Pts

Battier 35:59 5-10 0-0 1-3 3 2 12

Howard 39:50 8-14 2-2 0-4 3 1 18

Mutombo 28:12 3-4 2-3 5-12 0 4 8

McGrady 36:44 11-21 6-8 2-6 7 1 31

Alston 36:17 6-16 0-0 2-2 3 3 13

Hayes 19:24 2-4 0-0 3-8 0 2 4

Head 23:41 3-8 2-2 0-4 1 2 9

Novak 8:10 0-3 0-0 0-1 1 0 0

Lucas 11:43 4-8 0-0 1-1 2 1 8

Totals 240:00 42-88 12-15 14-41 20 16 103

Percentages: FG .477, FT .800. Three-Point Goals: 7-21, .333 (McGrady 3-6,
Battier 2-5, Alston 1-4, Head 1-4, Novak 0-2). Team Rebounds: 9. Team Turnovers:
9 (6 PTS). Blocked Shots: 1 (Mutombo). Turnovers: 8 (Howard 3, Alston 2, McGrady
2, Mutombo). Steals: 4 (Alston, Head, McGrady, Mutombo). Technical Fouls: None.

Seattle 30 18 25 23 - 96

Houston 32 21 27 23 -103

A - 11,133 (17,982). T - 2:08. Officials: Sean Corbin, Pat Fraher, Sean Wright.

Clippers 110, Heat 95

MIAMI - Elton Brand scored 28 points and Chris Kaman added 20 as Los Angeles
Clippers easily won.

Jason Kapono scored 19 points for Miami (13-18), which has lost four straight,
is five games under .500 for the first time this season and opens a six-game
Western Conference road swing in Phoenix on Friday night.

Corey Maggette collected 16 points and 11 rebounds for the Clippers (15-17), who
outscored Miami 30-13 in the third quarter and improved to 3-11 on the road.

FG FT Reb

L.A. Min M-A M-A O-T A PF Pts

Ross 42:11 6-9 1-2 1-6 4 4 13

Brand 36:33 10-14 8-8 2-6 2 3 28

Kaman 42:50 9-12 2-2 1-6 1 5 20

Maggette 39:38 7-19 2-5 2-11 2 2 16

Livingston 27:59 6-9 0-0 0-2 9 4 12

Ewing 31:16 5-8 2-2 1-5 5 4 12

Thomas 16:17 3-4 1-2 0-2 1 1 9

Korolev 0:53 0-1 0-0 0-0 0 0 0

Singleton 2:23 0-0 0-0 0-0 0 0 0

Totals 240:00 46-76 16-21 7-38 24 23 110

Percentages: FG .605, FT .762. Three-Point Goals: 2-5, .400 (Thomas 2-3,
Maggette 0-2). Team Rebounds: 6. Team Turnovers: 15 (23 PTS). Blocked Shots: 5
(Brand 2, Kaman 2, Ross). Turnovers: 15 (Kaman 4, Maggette 4, Livingston 2, Ross
2, Brand, Ewing, Thomas). Steals: 6 (Ross 2, Brand, Ewing, Kaman, Maggette).
Technical Fouls: None.

FG FT Reb

MIAMI Min M-A M-A O-T A PF Pts

Wright 20:40 3-3 0-0 1-5 0 1 6

Haslem 33:45 4-12 0-0 1-7 2 4 8

Mourning 30:20 7-10 2-4 4-7 2 2 16

Kapono 31:10 7-10 2-2 0-3 3 1 19

JWilliams 28:57 4-14 4-4 0-1 5 0 13

Doleac 13:13 1-3 0-0 0-2 0 4 2

Payton 25:08 0-3 1-2 2-2 6 2 1

Quinn 18:32 3-6 1-1 0-1 5 0 8

Barron 18:42 3-12 0-0 3-4 0 2 6

Hite 19:33 6-14 2-3 2-3 0 0 16

Totals 240:00 38-87 12-16 13-35 23 16 95

Percentages: FG .437, FT .750. Three-Point Goals: 7-22, .318 (Kapono 3-3, Hite
2-7, Quinn 1-4, J.Williams 1-8). Team Rebounds: 9. Team Turnovers: 14 (21 PTS).
Blocked Shots: 5 (Mourning 4, Hite). Turnovers: 11 (Mourning 5, Barron, Doleac,
Haslem, J.Williams, Wright, Payton). Steals: 6 (Mourning 2, Wright 2, Haslem,
Hite). Technical Fouls: None.

L.A. Clippers 29 32 30 19 -110

Miami 29 22 13 31 - 95

A - 19,600 (19,600). T - 2:07. Officials: Joe Forte, Derrick Collins, Eli Roe.

Suns 100, Raptors 98

TORONTO - Steve Nash scored 13 of his 15 points in the fourth quarter to lead
Phoenix over Toronto.

Nash was only 1-for-7 from the field through three quarters, but he recovered in
the fourth. The two-time MVP - dubbed ''Captain Canada'' - scored eight of
Phoenix's final nine points.

Toronto's Chris Bosh returned from a 12-game absence and posted 26 points and 14
rebounds.

FG FT Reb

PHOENIX Min M-A M-A O-T A PF Pts

Diaw 34:28 7-10 1-1 4-6 6 2 15

Marion 39:56 4-10 3-4 0-9 2 3 13

Stoudemire 35:16 6-11 3-3 2-8 2 6 15

Bell 39:48 6-13 2-2 0-8 5 2 17

Nash 36:18 5-13 3-3 1-4 9 2 15

Barbosa 32:10 5-16 0-0 0-3 4 0 12

Thomas 15:51 3-5 0-0 0-4 0 2 6

JJones 6:13 1-2 4-5 0-0 1 1 7

Totals 240:00 37-80 16-18 7-42 29 18 100

Percentages: FG .463, FT .889. Three-Point Goals: 10-25, .400 (Bell 3-8, Barbosa
2-4, Marion 2-4, Nash 2-7, J.Jones 1-1, Diaw 0-1). Team Rebounds: 9. Team
Turnovers: 21 (25 PTS). Blocked Shots: 10 (Stoudemire 6, Bell 2, Diaw, Marion).
Turnovers: 18 (Nash 7, Stoudemire 3, Barbosa 2, Bell 2, Diaw 2, Marion 2).
Steals: 9 (Marion 4, Stoudemire 3, Barbosa, Nash). Technical Fouls: None.

FG FT Reb

TORONTO Min M-A M-A O-T A PF Pts

Graham 7:26 1-3 0-0 1-2 0 1 2

Bosh 41:20 11-22 4-5 4-14 4 2 26

Nesterovic 21:25 3-8 0-0 6-7 1 3 6

Parker 38:10 5-10 4-5 3-4 4 1 16

Calderon 24:49 3-11 0-0 0-3 6 2 6

Peterson 32:16 3-10 2-3 1-6 1 0 8

Bargnani 36:10 6-10 1-2 0-4 1 4 17

FJones 11:36 1-4 1-2 0-3 2 3 3

Martin 23:11 5-12 0-0 0-1 2 3 14

Tucker 3:37 0-0 0-0 0-0 0 0 0

Totals 240:00 38-90 12-17 15-44 21 19 98

Percentages: FG .422, FT .706. Three-Point Goals: 10-19, .526 (Bargnani 4-4,
Martin 4-6, Parker 2-3, Bosh 0-2, Peterson 0-4). Team Rebounds: 7. Team
Turnovers: 15 (23 PTS). Blocked Shots: 4 (Bosh 2, Nesterovic 2). Turnovers: 15
(Bosh 6, Calderon 2, Nesterovic 2, Bargnani 2, Martin, Peterson, Parker).
Steals: 13 (Bargnani 4, Parker 4, Nesterovic 2, Bosh, Peterson, F.Jones).
Technical Fouls: Peterson, 8:37 second.

Phoenix 29 31 18 22 -100

Toronto 23 22 23 30 - 98

A - 20,063 (19,800). T - 2:14. Officials: Mark Wunderlich, Bennie Adams, Bill
Kennedy.

Wizards 108, Bucks 105

WASHINGTON - Gilbert Arenas hit a long three-pointer at the buzzer, capping a
32-point game and giving Washington the victory.

Arenas hit his 32-footer, turned and strolled calmly away as if it were another
shot on the playground, even as his teammates mobbed him in celebration. He went
12-for-25 from the field and had 11 rebounds and eight assists.

FG FT Reb

MILW Min M-A M-A O-T A PF Pts

Bell 42:15 6-17 0-2 1-5 5 2 14

Skinner 24:47 4-6 0-1 4-9 1 2 8

Bogut 32:51 2-3 0-0 1-5 6 2 4

Redd 39:58 9-23 6-7 1-4 3 3 27

Williams 42:57 10-20 2-2 1-7 5 1 24

Patterson 22:56 5-9 2-3 3-6 4 1 12

Gadzuric 15:09 5-6 0-0 1-2 0 1 10

Blake 19:07 2-5 2-2 0-2 2 0 6

Totals 240:00 43-89 12-17 12-40 26 12 105

Percentages: FG .483, FT .706. Three-Point Goals: 7-27, .259 (Redd 3-8, Williams
2-6, Bell 2-11, Blake 0-2). Team Rebounds: 7. Team Turnovers: 17 (12 PTS).
Blocked Shots: 6 (Skinner 5, Redd). Turnovers: 17 (Bogut 4, Redd 4, Bell 3,
Williams 3, Patterson 3). Steals: 12 (Williams 4, Skinner 2, Bell, Bogut,
Gadzuric, Redd, Blake, Patterson). Technical Fouls: None.

FG FT Reb

WASH Min M-A M-A O-T A PF Pts

Butler 46:12 13-17 2-2 2-7 9 3 29

Jamison 40:21 9-20 1-3 2-9 2 2 22

Haywood 21:08 2-5 0-2 2-6 2 1 4

Stevenson 25:09 4-9 0-0 1-6 3 2 8

Arenas 43:55 12-25 4-5 4-11 8 1 32

Booth 9:54 1-2 0-0 2-2 1 2 2

Daniels 8:56 1-2 0-0 0-1 3 0 2

Hayes 23:31 2-9 0-0 1-3 3 3 5

Blatche 20:55 2-4 0-0 2-3 1 1 4

Totals 240:01 46-93 7-12 16-48 32 15 108

Percentages: FG .495, FT .583. Three-Point Goals: 9-25, .360 (Arenas 4-9,
Jamison 3-8, Butler 1-2, Hayes 1-5, Daniels 0-1). Team Rebounds: 8. Team
Turnovers: 17 (24 PTS). Blocked Shots: 5 (Blatche 2, Booth, Butler, Hayes).
Turnovers: 17 (Arenas 5, Butler 4, Stevenson 3, Daniels 2, Blatche, Hayes,
Haywood). Steals: 10 (Arenas 4, Butler 2, Jamison 2, Hayes, Haywood). Technical
Fouls: None.

Milwaukee 28 31 23 23 -105

Washington 30 26 22 30 -108

A - 14,632 (20,173). T - 2:08. Officials: Derrick Stafford, Leon Wood, Tommy
Nunez Jr.

Knicks 99,

Trail Blazers 81

PORTLAND, Ore. - Eddy Curry had 27 points, including six dunks, and New York
snapped a three-game losing streak on its West Coast trip.

Curry also pulled down 10 rebounds for the Knicks, who wrap up their trip Friday
in Seattle. Jamal Crawford added 25 points.

FG FT Reb

NEW YORK Min M-A M-A O-T A PF Pts

Jeffries 34:52 2-7 1-6 1-6 2 3 5

Frye 25:37 3-7 0-0 2-5 0 3 6

Curry 39:16 11-17 5-8 2-10 0 1 27

Crawford 42:33 9-21 7-7 2-5 6 4 25

Marbury 37:42 6-12 3-6 1-7 7 3 17

Lee 35:05 3-9 3-3 6-14 4 1 9

Rose 7:09 2-2 0-0 0-1 1 1 4

Balkman 14:25 2-2 2-2 2-3 0 1 6

Collins 3:21 0-0 0-2 0-0 0 0 0

Totals 240:00 38-77 21-34 16-51 20 17 99

Percentages: FG .494, FT .618. Three-Point Goals: 2-12, .167 (Marbury 2-5,
Jeffries 0-3, Crawford 0-4). Team Rebounds: 9. Team Turnovers: 11 (8 PTS).
Blocked Shots: 5 (Frye 3, Curry 2). Turnovers: 11 (Lee 3, Crawford 2, Curry 2,
Balkman 2, Marbury, Collins). Steals: 7 (Crawford 2, Frye 2, Curry, Balkman,
Jeffries). Technical Fouls: None.

FG FT Reb

PORTLAND Min M-A M-A O-T A PF Pts

Udoka 29:26 1-5 2-2 2-3 3 2 4

Randolph 26:33 7-10 1-1 0-9 2 2 15

Przybilla 17:25 1-3 0-0 0-1 0 4 2

Roy 33:01 4-11 6-6 0-3 3 1 14

Jack 30:09 4-10 2-2 0-2 7 1 11

Dixon 14:30 1-3 0-0 0-0 0 2 2

Magloire 21:28 5-5 0-2 1-6 0 5 10

Webster 21:59 2-10 4-6 2-3 0 1 9

Outlaw 9:50 0-2 0-0 0-0 0 0 0

Aldridge 9:07 3-5 0-0 0-0 0 1 6

Rodriguez 13:52 2-6 2-2 0-1 2 3 6

LaFrentz 12:40 0-1 2-2 1-3 0 0 2

Totals 240:00 30-71 19-23 6-31 17 22 81

Percentages: FG .423, FT .826. Three-Point Goals: 2-12, .167 (Jack 1-2, Webster
1-4, Dixon 0-1, LaFrentz 0-1, Rodriguez 0-1, Roy 0-1, Udoka 0-2). Team Rebounds:
6. Team Turnovers: 11 (10 PTS). Blocked Shots: 7 (Przybilla 3, Outlaw 2,
LaFrentz, Aldridge). Turnovers: 11 (Randolph 4, Roy 2, Dixon, Jack, Webster,
Magloire, Rodriguez). Steals: 5 (Dixon, Outlaw, Przybilla, Roy, Udoka).
Technical Fouls: None.

New York 23 28 29 19 -99

Portland 24 18 18 21 -81

A - 13,071 (19,980). T - 2:12. Officials: Jess Kersey, Dick Bavetta, Zach Zarba.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              969 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 25, 1988, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Rutgers Plans to Curb Fraternities In the Wake of a Student's Death

BYLINE: By JESUS RANGEL, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 29, Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 794 words

DATELINE: NEW BRUNSWICK, N.J., June 24


Rutgers University officials, saying that fraternities ''demean human dignity''
and are hostile toward women, minority-group members and homosexuals, moved
today to impose new curbs on the organizations.

The action followed a report that criticized the fraternities for their
excessive use of alcohol, their hazing practices and their attitudes toward
academic life and people not in the fraternity system. It echoed earlier
criticisms of the fraternity and sorority systems, which have been attacked as
being elitist and racist.

The report received mixed reaction from fraternity leaders, with one saying he
agreed with the thrust of its recommendations, but not with all of its
conclusions.

Heavy Drinkers

The study, by a group of faculty members, university staff, trustees, students
and alumni, was commissioned by the school's president, Edward J. Bloustein,
after the death of James C. Callahan, a freshman who died from alcohol poisoning
after a party at Lambda Chi Alpha earlier this year.

Nineteen fraternity members were indicted by a Middlesex County grand jury in
the incident and are awaiting trial. Twelve students, including some who were
indicted, face disciplinary action by the university.

The report, released today, said members of the Greek system, as the
fraternities and sororities are called, are heavier drinkers than non-Greek
students. The report said about 50 percent of fraternity members were heavy
drinkers, compared with about 20 percent of non-fraternity members. The report
did not define a heavy drinker.

Under-age drinking is common, it said, and false identification is often used.

Rapes Are Reported

It also said fraternity houses provide an environment conducive to sexual
harassment and date rape. The report quoted witnesses who said that women were
raped, sometimes by several men, in different fraternity houses on campus. Other
witnesses described verbal harassment of women.

''Environments where alcohol is more readily available, and where men are
supplying it, and on their own turf, are known to increase the likelihood of
incidents of acquaintance rape,'' the report said.

It said any opportunities and advantages fraternities offer are denied
arbitrarily to women. It also said that fraternities and sororities have a
reputation for anti-intellectualism and that some pledges were found to be on
academic probation.

Alan Rosenthal, director of the Eagleton Institute of Politics, who headed the
committee, said the panel found that fraternity members had a reputation for
having a negative attitude toward minority-group members and homosexuals.

The report stopped short of recommending the fraternity system be abolished,
which some critics have urged.

''I believe that were we to de-recognize the Greek system at this time, it would
continue to exist in some fashion,'' said Dr. Paul Leath, the provost. ''A Greek
system that is not recognized by the university has no possibility of
improvement or rehabilitation but indeed would further deteriorate.''

Several Regulations Offered

Dr. Leath said he would move within the next school year to institute several
regulations. Those regulations include:

* Requiring fraternities and sororities to reapply for recognition every three
years. They are now required to apply only when they are formed.

* The removal of all alcoholic bars from fraternity houses.

* Requiring all students who join or are in a fraternity or sorority to have a
2.0 grade point average, which the Greek bylaws require but which is seldom
enforced.

* Banning students from participating in Greek activities until they have
completed 24 credits, which is equivalent to the first year.

The most restrictive regulation, however, will be evaluated before it is
instituted. It would require each of the 20 chapter houses to have a live-in
adult, probably a graduate student.

No All-Purpose Power

Dr. Bloustein said in a letter accompanying the report that he had some
reservations about the university's ability to police fraternities.

''We must not be naive enough to think that we have some kind of all-purpose
power to prevent misbehavior, misconduct or tragedy from happening in our midst,
no matter what our regulations or what our enforcement mechanisms,'' he wrote.

Mark Pacal, a past president of the Fraternity Council, which oversees the male
Greek system at Rutgers, said removing the bars ''is merely treating a symptom
rather than a cause.''

''To believe that drinking will decrease in fraternities and sororities because
of this is ludicrous,'' he said.

But Michael P. Steinbruck, the current president of the council, said he
supported the removal of the bars, although he was unsure what effect the action
would have on drinking.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Alan Rosenthal, and Dr. Paul Leath, provost of Rutgers
University, at a news conference yesterday (NYT/Bob Glass)

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              970 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           January 25, 2017 Wednesday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Letters: What about the peaceful protesters on Inaguration Day?

SECTION: EDITORIAL; P-com Opinion; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 1299 words


What about peaceful protesters?On Inauguration Day, thousands of peaceful
protesters converged on Washington, yet the Inquirer covered only the violence
("America First," "Violent protests hit D.C. streets," Saturday). CNN got it
right when it said the violent demonstrators "were vastly outnumbered by the
thousands of nonviolent protestors." The Wall Street Journal concurred.

My husband, a supervisor with the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental
Protection, and I, an adjunct English professor, raised signs and chanted with a
sea of others (engineers, accountants, doctors, biologists, professors) on
Seventh Street, standing in line for more than four hours - shoulder-to-shoulder
with red-hat-clad Trump supporters - in a winter chill and drizzle. Checkpoint
security rituals were surely designed to keep protesters from reaching the U.S.
Navy Memorial by parade time. CNN caught that.

When a racist, bigoted man who disregards facts and argues by calling names and
lobbing low insults is elected president, it's a big deal to those of us who
teach reasoned argument and recognizing authoritative sources for a living. The
least our hometown paper can do is cover our resistance rather than pretend we
don't exist in favor of more sensationalist content.

|Robin C. Bonner, Spring Mount, rcbonner14@gmail.com

Respect begets respectI disagree with columnist Michael Smerconish's take on the
congressional boycott of the inauguration ("Lawmakers had a duty to honor
office, if not the man," Sunday).

Smerconish duly noted how the GOP demeaned President Obama and disrespected the
presidency. President Trump is a different story. He himself demeans and
disrespects the office to which he has been elected. He has flouted conventions
and trampled norms, daring anyone to stop him, refusing to deal with severe,
even unconstitutional, conflicts of interest, and putting family members in
positions of power. He exhibits dangerous authoritarian behavior, spouting lies
and threats while positioning himself and his family to wield power and reap
profits.

This is not normal. This cannot be normalized. Trump's behavior dishonors the
presidency. Our congressmen refused to accommodate this vindictive, vengeful,
narcissistic liar, and I commend them for that. They demanded that Trump conduct
himself in a way that merits respect. Until then, he doesn't deserve it.

|Rosalind Holtzman, Elkins Park

Boycott will affect constituentsI agree with Michael Smerconish that the
Philadelphia congressional delegation should not have boycotted the
inauguration. His reasons are noble: respect for the office of president and the
institutional process of the peaceful transfer of power that is a hallmark of
our democracy. My reason is less lofty: Trump remembers his enemies, and their
snub will likely affect not only their careers but the lives of their
constituents, of which I am one.

|Joyce LaCrosse-Smith, Philadelphia

Sexist coverage of first ladyI am a woman of color, and the article, "Melania
Trump: The first sexy first lady?" (Philly.com, Friday) made me feel horrible. I
thought it was satire, at first, because it was not your usual standard of
journalism.

Who cares how "sexy" she is? She is the first lady of the United States - she
has the power to influence thousands of lives (as Michelle Obama did) - and is
married to a horrifying, racist, sexist man, who has the most powerful position
in the country. It is dangerous to write such fluff pieces to normalize Trump's
existence in the White House, because he has described the sexual assault of
women and is anti-Muslim and anti-Mexican.

The article, though written by a woman, degraded Melania Trump and analyzed her
"sexiness" to the male eye, when she is a woman in a position of political and
social power. To talk about how high the slit on her dress was and how "sexy"
she was compared to other first ladies was sexist and useless. What is going on
in the world is dangerous to me, a brown woman, and dangerous to a lot of other
people who are proud Philadelphians of color.

|Rekha Shankar, Berwyn

Misguided sloganIn the years leading up to World War II, almost a million people
joined the America First movement, which preached solidarity with fascist Italy
and Nazi Germany and the belief that the rich Jews who controlled movie making,
the media, and the corporate world were leading America to war. Charles
Lindbergh said that, and many Americans agreed. Frightening, but true.

You would think that our newly elected President Trump would be aware of the
feelings that phrase arouses among Jews who are keenly aware of their
persecution during this historical period. The English language is rich with
ways to say what you mean without invoking the specter of fascism, Nazism, and
anti-Semitism. If Trump wishes to heal and unite a divided country, he can start
by disavowing this divisive and hateful phrase.

|Saul Lichtine, Voorhees

A sense of hope and changeThere has been much dissent about Donald Trump's
inauguration and worry about what he will do once in office. But as an Air Force
veteran who holds a master's degree in political science and has worked in the
communications field for more than 40 years, I have an optimism and hope about
the future that I have not felt in a long time. You can actually feel the energy
of a new era, in which the shackles of government overreach and political
correctness will free the entrepreneurial engines of the nation.

As an outsider and populist, Donald Trump has many foes who have a vested
interest in the status quo, including Republicans, Democrats, the media,
Hollywood elites, and even the federal bureaucracy. Not since Jimmy Stewart in
Mr. Smith Goes to Washington" has so much of the establishment been stacked
against one person. As in the movie, however, I pray that right will prevail,
that elected officials will pull together for what is best for the country, and
that the United States will renew its unique position as that "shining city upon
a hill."

|Michael Corey, Browns Mills, xmdorey@aol.com

Democracy relies on a free pressLong ago, I became a newspaper reporter, drawn
to the profession by Watergate-era idealism. My news career lasted two years.
One evening, an angry crowd chased me out of a public meeting I was covering,
calling me dishonest and threatening physical harm. It wasn't worth the $250 a
week I was grossing, so I made a career in corporate communications, from which
I've since retired.

Witnessing the Trump administration's shameful campaign of gaslighting and
deceit, I have great sympathy for what journalists are going through. It's vital
that the Fourth Estate make these antics abundantly clear to its readers and
viewers and deny Trump and his reprehensible minions their goal of confusing and
dividing the public they claim to serve.

Trump and his kind must not succeed at undermining the work of an objective and
uninhibited press. The survival of our democracy depends on it.

|Larry Stone, Endwell, N.Y., stonelarry21@gmail.com

Start with the small thingsPresident Trump says he wants to help the common man.
Here's a few things he can take care of with the stroke of a pen, or a tweet to
the right cabinet member, that would make my life easier every day:

Set a standard for chargers and connectors for all cell phones, tablets,
laptops, and other electronic devices.

Set a standard for batteries for handheld construction tools.

Ban set-top cable boxes that are now necessary for each TV in my house. One
descrambler in the house should be sufficient for all.

Force the automotive industry to standardize the onboard diagnostics so the
average mechanic can fix his own car again.

These small changes might not make America great again, but they would make it a
simpler place to live.

|Anthony D. Porreca, Abington, anthonydporreca@outlook.com

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TOM GRALISH / Staff Photographer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              971 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             June 21, 2008 Saturday
                                Regional Edition

Sanskrit, Alive and Well

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 669 words

Sanskrit, Alive and Well

 The June 15 news story "Summer Camps Revive India's Ancient Sanskrit"
unnecessarily branded and infused with ideological overtones the emerging Indian
movement to renew the study of Sanskrit.

Staff writer Rama Lakshmi depicted the movement as tied to Hindu nationalist
attempts to assert dominance in a pluralist nation. This is an unsubstantiated
assumption that demeans the efforts of millions of Hindus to reconnect with
their linguistic heritage, which is the wellspring of a plurality of Indic
languages.

The article referred to Sanskrit as a "language long dismissed as dead." This is
not so. Sanskrit is the liturgical language of Hinduism and is used daily by
millions of Hindus worldwide.

-- Ishanaa Rambachan

Kensington

The writer is a member of the executive council and the media team at the Hindu
American Foundation.

Satirists of Note

Michael Cavna's June 12 Style article on political satirists, "Comedians of
Clout," made a start at covering this issue, but for my money there were several
important omissions. For 27 years, the Capitol Steps troupe has successfully
delivered sharp-tongued political satire to a national audience, through stage,
television and radio performances. The Steps show is a must-see for many D.C.
tourists, and their albums have legions of loyal fans across the United States.

If "The Simpsons" can parody local political satirist Mark Russell, why was he
ignored? Has The Post also forgotten Joan Cushing, Mrs. Foggybottom? What about
the Hexagon Players?

Let's take pride in the fact that several of these nationally known satirists
have D.C. connections.

-- Scott Sedar

Washington

My Attention Span Burst

Regarding "The Bubble; How homeowners, speculators and Wall Street dealmakers
rode a wave of easy money with crippling consequences," the first installment of
the three-part, front-page series by Alec Klein and Zachary A. Goldfarb that
began June 15:

Surely The Post can find some other relevant topics to cover besides the
subprime market. This story has been hashed and rehashed dozens and dozens of
times throughout the media (cable, newspapers, magazines, TV talk shows). Give
me a break.

I was disappointed to pay for a Sunday Post and see this rehash. Such an
approach could be contributing to your decline in print subscribers. How about
some original content?

-- Bob Beck

Ashburn

Spoiler Alert

I was really looking forward to seeing the new M. Night Shyamalan movie, "The
Happening," last weekend. I enjoy his movies and plot twists. I was intrigued
when I spotted your June 13 review "Shyamalan's 'Happening' Lacks a Sense of
Direction," but I did not read it because I did not want any surprises spoiled.

But my eyes fell on a photo caption that said, "A morning in New York's Central
Park takes a turn for the bizarre after an airborne toxin is released."

I had no idea that the movie revolved around an airborne toxin. This must be a
major plot point. Why would The Post reveal such crucial information?

The best part of Shyamalan's movies is not knowing what is going to happen next.
But The Post ruined it.

-- Jeff McCarthy

Alexandria

Loud and Clear

In her June 16 front-page story, "FCC Chair to Support XM-Sirius Merger," staff
writer Cecilia Kang twice referred to "radio transmitters" when she meant "radio
receivers."

While the writer may not know the difference -- the broadcaster uses a
transmitter to send the signal, and the listener uses a receiver to pick it up
--  her editors should know the difference just from the root words or the
context. Consumers neither want nor need a choice of transmitters; what they
want is a choice of receivers to put in their vehicles to get the signal being
transmitted by XM/Sirius.

Frankly, I expect better of The Post.

-- Martin Gear

Columbia

Listen Up

In the June 13 Virginia Briefing, Tom Jackman described a man arrested in an
embezzlement case as "a former coordinator for deaf interpreters."

It should be "a former coordinator for interpreters for the deaf."

-- Jennifer Witteborg

Rixeyville, Va.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              972 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   Roll Call

                           February 27, 2007 Tuesday

Fight Over Fiscal Discipline Begins With Bush's Budget

BYLINE: Ernest Istook

SECTION: GUEST OBSERVER

LENGTH: 713 words


There's a two-front battle between Congress and President Bush. While they feud
over who will direct policy in Iraq, an inch-by-inch slugfest continues over who
will control the domestic policy turf.

"It's the spending, stupid!" was as big a message as Iraq last fall. Bush's
proposed budget is pivotal, despite efforts to demean it as irrelevant.

With one simple pronouncement the president showed that he "gets it" even if
others don't: He embraced the too-long-abandoned goal of balancing the budget
without raising taxes.

It's been an orphaned issue for many years in Washington, D.C.; 1996 saw the
last Congressional vote on a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution. Yet
that was the top item in the "Contract with America" before the Republican
majority shifted to less-ambitious objectives. Nor did Bush embrace it during
his first six years in office. That opened the door for Democrats to campaign
successfully on fiscal discipline.

Preservation of the Democrats' new majority may hinge on whether they will
embrace balancing the budget without a tax hike - or even accept the goal of
balance when spending on entitlements is set to skyrocket as baby boomers age.
Bush knew that when he set the bar so high. And Republicans in Congress know
they can now voice support for the goal without being in charge of the tough
decisions.

Cynics rightfully note that the next president will inherit much of the heavy
lifting. But that means every 2008 candidate for the White House must now
address the issue.

Early indicators show an effort to bury the issue by attacking the tough
decisions promoted by the Bush budget. Critics of spending controls rushed to
the microphones more quickly than supporters did.

Bush's proposals to rein in Medicare and other government-paid health care were
quickly condemned. Rep. Pete Stark (D-Calif.) called them "an exercise in
make-believe." Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich (D) said it would hamper his "All
Kids" program to provide government-paid health care for every child, regardless
of income.

But Rep. Joe Barton (R-Texas) properly questioned why the federal government
pays billions extra to states that give free health care to families with income
three times the poverty level, while others draw the line at two times. Imagine
the cost if states could abandon all income restrictions like Blagojevich wants.

States feel entitled to federal funds just as individuals do, even though 45
states reported in the fall that their budgets are meeting or exceeding their
projections. Homeland security has joined health care and education as a way to
justify a multitude of state requests. Federal funds now provide training and
equipment to first responders "just in case" they face a cataclysm, yet the
funds often will be used to address auto accidents and fires instead.

One example was voiced by Rep. Sheila Jackson Lee (D-Texas), who said it is
"completely appalling that the [Bush] administration seems to be unwilling to
act on rail and mass transit security until we are faced with another disaster."

Yet if it's a federal duty to provide security for large gatherings at rail
stations or bus stops, then why not at every mall and sports arena? (This
differs from aviation, where a hijacked and fuel-laden plane becomes a guided
missile.)

The Bush budget spotlights tough choices like these, while Congress often avoids
them as the price of achieving a majority vote. But the elections weren't just
about Iraq. Democrats claim they also were about "underfunded" priorities, but
more voters seem to understand that overfunded priorities were a bigger problem.

If Democrats want to claim the low-spending high ground along with Bush, they
must avoid gobbledygook and speak with equal clarity. They should state their
spending goal clearly, without carefully crafted modifiers or qualifiers. And if
their goal is to balance the budget by raising taxes, they should say so.

Republicans should follow the same advice of clear-speaking. The GOP challenge
is less over what to say but whether it will be believed, since voters decided
they lacked fiscal discipline in recent years. But embracing the president's
goal is a necessary first step to regaining trust.

Former Rep. Ernest Istook (R-Okla.) is a visiting fellow at The Heritage
Foundation.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 Roll Call, Inc.


                              973 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                     December 22, 2000 Friday FINAL EDITION

CALIFORNIA JUDGES CAN BE MEMBERS OF BOY SCOUTS

BYLINE: David Kravets

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 351 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


California judges may be members of the Boy Scouts of America despite judicial
canons prohibiting membership in organizations that discriminate against gays
and others, the California Supreme Court said in an unsigned statement Thursday.

The brief message was in response to a U.S. Supreme Court ruling in June that
authorized the Scouts to bar homosexuals from serving as troop leaders in a
decision that may also let the 6.2-million-member group reject gay boys as
members.

That decision prompted the Bar Association of San Francisco and judges statewide
to question whether judges could retain their memberships in the youth
organization. And in September, 1st District Court of Appeal Justice James
Lambden quit his Alameda County assistant scoutmaster post to protest the
organization's official policy that discriminates against gays.

The state high court, however, said Thursday that judges should use their own
discretion if they want to join or continue their membership with the Scouts.
The justices said membership would not violate judicial canons.

"In deciding whether membership in a nonprofit youth organization is permitted,
the individual judge must consider whether such membership will cast reasonable
doubt on his or her impartiality, demean the judicial office, or in any other
way interfere with the proper performance of judicial duties," the court said.

The U.S. Supreme Court found that forcing the Scouts to accept gay troop leaders
would violate the organization's right of "expressive association" under the
Constitution's First Amendment.

The Scouts said that homosexual conduct is inconsistent with the values it seeks
to instill. Requiring the organization to have a gay scoutmaster would force it
"to send a message, both to the youth members and the world, that the Boy Scouts
accepts homosexual conduct as a legitimate form of behavior," Chief Justice
William Rehnquist wrote for the court.

In 1998, the California Supreme Court ruled that the Boy Scouts are not covered
by California civil rights laws and can exclude gays, agnostics and atheists.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AP

                       Copyright 2000 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              974 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                           December 4, 1993 Saturday

THE DARK SIDE OF RAP

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: ATKINSON P

SECTION: MONITOR; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 912 words


KEYWORD-HIT

By PETER ATKINSON

in New York

W EBSTER'S dictionary defines the word ""rap" three way s.

1. a quick, smart blow; as to rap one's knuckles;

2. to utter with sudden violence;

to say sharply; as to rap out an oath;

3. blame or punishment; specifically, a judicial sentence, as to a

prison term; usually to beat or take the rap.

Any music fan will tell you that the second meaning is the one

which best defines rap music

_ the brash, aggressive language of the modern-day street poets

who have drawn their own boundaries between music

and melody.

What started as a musical oddity

in the 80s has become a massive new culture _ and its

predominantly black exponents have become the Pied Pipers of a

generation of Americans.

But suddenly that definition has been blurred. Suddenly it is the

third meaning of ""rap" which fits best.

More than ever, the ""rap" in rap music means murder rap, sexual

assault rap, or whatever else appears on the rap sheet.

These music outlaws have even coined a name for their own violent

music sub-culture _ gangsta rap _ a frightening new genre which

glorifies violence,

guns and greed and demeans women as ""bitches and whores".

Like their anarchic lyrics, the new breed of rappers are also

finding their way to the wrong side of the law.

The latest in this high-profile parade through the courts is

hip-hop hitmaker Tupac Shakur, arrested in New York last week. He

allegedly had sex with a female fan then held her down while three

friends sod

omised her.

Three weeks prior to that arrest, Shakur was charged in Atlanta for

allegedly shooting and wounding two off-duty policemen following an

argument over a traffic mishap.

Shakur, who starred alongside Janet Jackson in the movie Poetic

Justice and is currently filming another movie, already has a string of

hit records and is accumulating a string of felony charges to match.

He has pleaded not guilty to the Atlanta charge and says New York

police have used the sexual assault charges to ""get square" with him.

But it has not been his first brush with the law, and he is far

from alone among the increasingly violent musical sub-culture who

rejoice in the ""gangsta rap" label.

Leader of the pack was Ice T, whose controversial song Cop Killer

sparked mass outrage and was eventually recalled by his Time-Warner

record label.

Fellow gangsta rapper Snoop Doggy Dogg, the young Californian whose

debut album Doggy Style raced to the top of the charts upon release

last week, faces a murder charge following the fatal shooting of a man

in Los Angeles on August 25.

A protege of the equally controversial Dr Dre, Snoop's Doggy Style

album was the most hotly-awaited debut album in history _ and it set

new records for debut sales.

Rather than a hindrance, publicity of his pending murder trial

proved a massive boost to the album's pop

ularity.

""To a lot of rappers, it's like a badge of honour to have been in

jail," said Billboard magazine's rap columnist Havelock Nelson.

Gangsta rapper Spice-1, who has sold more than one million copies

of records with titles like Murda Show, Dumpin' Em in Ditches and

Trigga Gots No Heart, says his music merely reflects what is going on

in the streets.

""I do wish something could be done, but you can't stop all this

guns and violence unless you find a super-RoboCop," Spice-1 recently

told the Washington Post.

""All the guns ain't going nowhere, and if there's still guns on

the street, everyone should have one. Not being strapped (armed) these

days is crazy."

Critics say that in America, where a child is killed by a gun every

three hours and there are an estimated 280 million guns in existence,

glorifying violence through gangsta rap music

is making the problem worse.

In the black community, where rap has its roots, guns are the

principal cause of death for males aged 15 to 24.

Snoop Doggy Dogg, whose real name is Calvin Broadus, even posed

with a gun for publicity shots for his new album _ a move he now

regrets.

If convicted of murder, we may not see Snoop posing at all any

more. Police allege he drove his Jeep while his bodyguard fatally shot

Los Angeles man Phillip Woldermariam four times. Further evidence

suggested Woldermariam was armed and had threatened Snoop earlier in

the day.

He has already been jailed several times on drug charges and parole

violations.

Tupac Shakur, another who has risen from the depths of America's

black poverty to super

star status, does not shirk from his bad-boy image.

""I was in jail even as a foetus," he once boasted. His mother,

Afeni, was one of 21 Black Panthers charged with plotting to bomb New

York buildings in the early 70s _ and he was born shortly after her

acquittal.

His New York attorney, Michael Warren, claims police are conducting

a vendetta against him ""because they hate Mr Shakur and what he and

his family symbolise."

Regardless, the backlash against gangsta rap has begun.

Many radio stations have refused to play records with violent

or sexually explicit lyrics, and television networks are following

suit.

If gangsta rappers continue making their lives imitate their art,

the art form might die a natural death, literally, with nobody left to

keep it alive.

SNOOP Doggy Dogg . . . publicity over his murder trial has been a

boost to his recording career.

ICE T . . . leader of the gangsta rap pack.

TUPAC Shakur . . . sexual assault charges.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PIC OF SNOOP DOGGY DOGG, ICE T AND TUPAC SHAKUR

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1993 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              975 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            October 7, 1991, Monday

Letters; Classical music a universal language

BYLINE: POLLY FRASERFRANK O. WALSH IIIAtlanta; Keep the classics spinning on
WABEMILDRED BARNETT BROWN Smyrna; We are responsible for our actionsCINDY CLARK
Decatur; We should have listened to Sam NunnBONITA POTTS Atlanta; A protest
against the protestersROBERT B. MCCORD JR. Hapeville

SECTION: EDITORIAL; SECTION A; PAGE 11

LENGTH: 546 words


The Editors: We are aware of the ongoing discussions to change WABE's classical
format to a multicultural one. Classical music is not a black, white, or even a
green thing; it is a universal language with people of all races and cultures
participating in it on all levels - from composers to performers to appreciative
audiences. No one who seeks to be well rounded should be without its enrichment.

Atlanta already has a multicultural station as well as an African American
station plus various outlets for other nationalities. Simply put, classical
music of the great Western tradition has a sweep and influence that transcends
the whole musical spectrum. Evolving with it and from it are most all of the
tools for composition, recording, and, yes, even appreciation of any music.

It is not to demean or downgrade other musical traditions that we should
acknowledge the great importance of classical music. And an international city
such as Atlanta should rightly give support to such a tradition as it has done
heretofore.

Please do not alter WABE's format in any way. Such a change would be a loss to
the community as a whole and to those who come after us.

The Editors: Please, let's let our voices be heard en force in opposition to
diminishing classical music on WABE!

Upon returning to town and learning of this possibility, I was devastated. I,
for one, shall no longer contribute if this is the case.

How about the rest of you?

The Editors: Peter Kent's pro-choice column is just more of the same. The bottom
line is that people are responsible for their own actions.

An innocent life should not be taken in our attempt to cover up what someone
else has done.

The Editors: Does anyone remember Sam Nunn's saying we should not rush troops to
the Persian Gulf because we do not know what problems, what forces will be
unleashed?

I do. His is the wisdom we should have followed.

The Editors: Just when I thought I had heard everything, I discover a letter
recently published in this space from someone in Minnesota. The writer admitted
never having set foot inside Atlanta's city limits, yet was deploring the fact
that our baseball fans sometimes wave toy tomahawks as a means of cheering our
team to victory. She judged this to be "even more disgusting than the Willie
Horton ad run by the Republicans."

The writer defined these practices as Neanderthal" and "inherently racist" for
which we should apologize to "Native Americans" - meaning, I presume, American
Indians.

Somehow I missed any news of American Indians issuing any complaint about this.
On the contrary, the only Indian in recent news is a former Braves mascot who
wants to be rehired to get in on the tomahawk waving, claiming, perhaps, that
his genealogy endows him with exceptional talent at yelling, "Scalp 'em!"

If we are going to ban any symbols of violence, perhaps we should include
majorette batons (a type of club), and those cardboard hatchets made by
schoolchildren as a reminder of what Washington did to the cherry tree.

It seems that nearly everyone wants to protest something these days. So to get
in my two cents worth, I hereby protest the protesters. There is, after all,
little else that hasn't already been protested.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                              976 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            March 30, 2005 Wednesday
                             FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

"Illiniwek" will sit out Final Four

BYLINE: By ELIZABETHE HOLLAND Of the Post-Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 917 words


Michigan State's "Sparty the Spartan" and the University of Louisville's
"Cardinal Bird the Cardinal" will be here for the NCAA Final Four this weekend
in all their costume finery. So will "Rameses the Ram," mascot of the University
of North Carolina Tar Heels. But the team symbol with the shortest drive to St.
Louis won't make the trip.

"Chief Illiniwek" will stay home at the University of Illinois. The chief -- a
student in buckskins, feathery headdress and makeup -- has become less visible
at athletic events over the past five years or so. Except for the occasional
road game, like the Braggin' Rights showdown here between Missouri and Illinois,
he seldom leaves Urbana-Champaign. There, his appearances are mainly at
football, volleyball and men's and women's basketball games, said Kent Brown,
the university sports information director. Often, where there's the chief,
there's trouble. Sometimes it's one person in the stands, bellowing charges that
the character demeans American Indians. Sometimes it's an organized
demonstration, with harsh signs and angry words. Detractors have achieved
attention, but not the ultimate goal of packing up the costume for good. The
chief remains Illinois' official symbol -- the university prefers he not be
called a mascot -- but one that causes discomfort for the athletic program and
university as a whole. Brown said it would not be fair to say the chief's role
has been reduced just to quell the controversy. "But it takes that out of play,"
he added. Chief Illiniwek does not parade along the sidelines, hang out with the
band or pick a pseudo fight with another team's mascot. He is a performer who
presents an Indian dance, four to six minutes long, that draws rapt fans to
their feet. Even if the chief came to the Final Four, as he did the last time
Illinois made it, the NCAA's carefully planned halftime show probably would not
make an opening for his routine, said Tom Hardy, spokesman for the university.
Many high schools and smaller colleges have shed nicknames and symbols based on
American Indians, but fans of Chief Illiniwek insist he is not comparable. They
argue that he is a respectful, proud character who emphasizes the state's
heritage and educates people about American Indians. "The chief embodies all the
qualities that we try to strive for," said Nick Klitzing, president of Students
for Chief Illiniwek and a student member of the university's Board of Trustees.
"It embodies courage, strength and unity and tradition. He is the token of the
University of Illinois and has been for 78 years." Critics complain that an
Indian mascot, particularly at a largely Caucasian campus, is racist and
insensitive, and that 78 years of it is about 78 years too many. "All aspects of
the chief and its dance should be eliminated," said Jen Tayabji, a former
Illinois student who is a member of the Progressive Resource/Action Cooperative,
a group involved in trying to do away with the chief and the "Fighting Illini"
team name. A symbol should be unifying, not divisive, Tayabji said. If it
dissuades American Indian students and professors from coming to Illinois, it
isn't worth it, she said. Most important, Tayabji said, the fact that many
American Indians find it offensive "is good enough reason to get rid of it."
Kyle Cline, the current Chief Illiniwek, could not be reached for comment. The
Board of Trustees has grappled with the controversy for years. In 1990, it
endorsed the chief. But that support may be waning. In the fall, the board
unanimously adopted a resolution that whatever "consensus conclusion" it reached
would include recognition of American Indian culture and traditions, Hardy said.
There are plenty of opinions from which to draw. There are whole organizations
pro and con. The latter includes a Web site -- www.retirethechief.org -- started
by Brian Jewett, a professor. About a year ago, nearly 70 percent of Illinois
students who voted in a referendum backed the chief. Meanwhile, a report last
fall by the North Central Association, a school accreditation organization, said
the university would face damage if the issue isn't resolved. And earlier this
month, opponents of the chief, including the Illinois Native American Bar
Association, sued to get the trustees to end the chief's reign. They said he
perpetuated a racial stereotype, violated Indians' rights and violated the
board's own anti-discrimination policies. The university has publicly said that
it is not violating any laws or policies. Illinois was one of 31 schools asked
by the NCAA in November to explain why they feel it necessary to use American
Indian imagery, said Gail Dent, an NCAA spokeswoman. Illinois' self-evaluation
is due May 1. While the chief himself will be absent from the Final Four, there
are sure to be plenty of his likenesses on Illinois fans' T-shirts and other
gear, and perhaps the occasional fan made up in the chief's image. Charlene
Teters, an Illinois graduate and a member of the Spokane Nation Indian tribe,
said she decided about the last time Illinois made the Final Four that it was
time for the chief to go. Teters, of Santa Fe, N.M., said she was upset to see
her teenage children react to his performance with embarrassment and
humiliation. She eventually helped found the National Coalition on Racism and
the Media, and became a familiar figure in the University of Illinois debate.
"This is not just me. It is a movement," Teters said. "But the quality of the
debate really hasn't changed much."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  GATEWAY MARCH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 PHOTO by JONATHAN DANIEL/GETTY IMAGES - "Chief Illiniwek" dances during
halftime at the Illinois-Michigan football game at Memorial Stadium in
Champaign, Ill., on Oct. 16 last year.  PHOTO BY STREETER LECKA /  GETTY IMAGES
- Rameses became the University of North Carolina's mascot in 1924, supplanting
the Tar Heel. The Ram recognized star football fullback Jack Merrit, who was
nicknamed the "Battering Ram."     PHOTO BY GABRIEL B. TAIT /  POST-DISPATCH -
Cardinal bird became the university of Louisville mascot after 1913.  The
national cheerleading Association chose the bird as the top mascot in a 1995
competition  PHOTO BY JONATHAN DANIEL /  GETTY IMAGES - Sparty became Michigan
State's mascot in 1959. It has been revived from extinction and redesigned at
least twice because its grimace and muscles have been known to scare children.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              977 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                              April 9, 2006 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

VETERANS SPLIT ON TOUCHDOWN DANCES

BYLINE: By Ray Buck Knight Ridder

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C06

LENGTH: 454 words


FORT WORTH, Texas -Like the caveman and the wheel, Homer Jones invented the NFL
spike.

Jones, at the time, played for the 1965 New York Giants.

He was a wide receiver (of course).

Then, along came Elmo Wright with the first end-zone celebration - legs and arms
churning before the spike.

Wright was a member of the 1973 Kansas City Chiefs.

He, too, was a wide receiver (of course).

Then, it was Billy "White Shoes" Johnson, who took the act of human gyrations
after a touchdown and turned them into an art form.

Johnson's rubber-legged, knee-scissoring "Funky Chick-en" with the Houston
Oilers of the mid-'70s instantly became NFL pop culture.

He returned kicks and played wide receiver (of course).

"If it's not derogatory, if it doesn't demean anyone or slow down the game, I
think people enjoy it," Johnson says 30 years later. "But timing is everything."

Terrell Owens, now of the Dallas Cowboys, certainly knows what time it is when
he gets into the end zone.

Time to make a statement and put on a show.

It's the NFL's newest way of talking smack.

"These guys know the power of the media," said Billy Johnson, now the assistant
strength and conditioning coach for Atlanta. "They're like the old gunslinger in
the western movies: 'You're in trouble, hoss.' All Chad (Johnson) really is
doing is putting everyone on alert and getting himself ready to play."

Billy Johnson says these antics make Chad a better player and that if it's not a
"problem" with his teammates ... it shouldn't be a problem with us.

"I don't begrudge anyone for trying to make a name for himself," Billy Johnson
said. "But you do have to be careful. You're in the public eye, and you're going
to be scrutinized."

Kickers were once the screwballs, misfits and eccentrics of the NFL.

No more.

Wide receivers have taken over the role of being "different" in perhaps the most
consummate team-oriented sport of all.

A leading receiver on almost any NFL team today believes he can take a nothing
day and suddenly make it all seem worthwhile.

He never lacks self-esteem. But, from time to time, he might lack good judgment.

There also is a "lack of respect for the game" that some of these antics show,
according to former Cowboys receiver Drew Pearson.

"I don't like the premeditated part of it," Pearson said. "One, it shows a
disrespect for the game and how hard it is to score a touchdown in this league.
Two, it disrespects your opponent."

Pearson recalled that when he played for the Cowboys (1973-83), mocking an
opponent stayed inside the locker room.

"That's where it belongs - in the locker room," Pearson said. "You see fans show
up with no shirts and screaming all kinds of stuff in the stands. But when
you're a player on the field, you should act like a professional."

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: PROFESSIONAL FOOTBALL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                              978 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              April 9, 2006 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Emphasis on Sports Is Misplaced

SECTION: Section 8; Column 5; Sports Desk; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 156 words



To the Sports Editor:

Re ''Duke Cancels Season and Begins Inquiries'' (April 6): Given the number of
academically qualified college applicants today, it may be time to ask whether
it is really necessary to have an elite sports program to be considered an elite
university.

Many first-rate universities -- M.I.T. and the University of Chicago in the
United States, and Oxford and Cambridge in England, to name a few -- do not have
elite sports programs or do not offer athletic scholarships, but this has not
diminished their reputations for academic excellence.

In the end, it may be that the unfortunate events unfolding at Duke will expose
a bigger problem: bending admissions standards to enroll athletes who do not
belong there. They are little more than paid sports mercenaries, and as the
sorry state of affairs at Duke shows, they demean the reputation of the
institution whose colors they wear.

Laurence T. Sorkin
Scarsdale, N.Y.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              979 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 6, 1997, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Morgenthau v. White

SECTION: Section A; Page 18; Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 465 words


With a rich array of criminals to go after, you would think that the two leading
prosecutors in New York City had better things to do than engage in a nasty turf
battle. But this week Mary Jo White, the United States Attorney, muscled her way
into an insider trading case that had already been developed by Robert M.
Morgenthau, the Manhattan District Attorney. The result was a disservice to the
public. By seizing the case after Mr. Morgenthau had already gotten an
indictment and then striking a plea bargain with the defendant, Ms. White
disrupted Mr. Morgenthau's efforts to crack down on securities fraud.

The unusual spat between Mr. Morgenthau and Ms. White revealed what many say has
been a longtime smoldering rivalry behind the scenes. In general, competition
between Federal and local prosecutors can be healthy. It can keep both sides on
their toes. But there must also be cooperation on securities fraud, drugs,
organized crime and other criminal activities of joint concern so that a
sensible decision can be made on which office should most appropriately enforce
which laws. It is distressing to learn that Mr. Morgenthau did not even inform
the United States Attorney that he had a securities investigation under way
before bringing the indictment. There has obviously been a breakdown in
communication between the two offices that both sides should try to correct.

The case at issue involves insider trading charges against a former compliance
officer of the major Wall Street firm Morgan Stanley, Dean Witter, Discover &
Company. The case grew out of an earlier prosecution that Mr. Morgenthau pursued
in 1996 in the absence of interest from the United States Attorney's office. Ms.
White's office says that no matter how the case got started, pursuing it solely
through the Manhattan District Attorney "demeans" Federal securities laws.
Federal prosecutors say they are better equipped to handle such matters, in part
because Federal penalties are stiffer and more likely to induce cooperation.
They seized this case to widen a Federal inquiry into securities violations and
assert the supremacy of their office in enforcing Federal securities laws.

Ms. White is clearly right that the United States Attorney should not be
required to defer to local prosecutors just because they initiate an
investigation. But in this instance, her office has not demonstrated that the
District Attorney's handling of the case jeopardized any wider investigation by
Federal prosecutors. Judge Shira A. Scheindlin gave Ms. White a victory in the
turf battle by upholding the Federal plea bargain. But the judge also suggested
that Mr. Morgenthau and Ms. White "should sit down for coffee some day and talk"
about their problems. That seemed the most sensible advice of all.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              980 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 1, 1995, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Justice Black's Constitutional Values

SECTION: Section 7;  Page 23;  Column 2;  Book Review Desk

LENGTH: 205 words


To the Editor:

Justice Hugo Black was indeed a frequent adversary of Justice Felix Frankfurter,
as Yale Kamisar says in his review of Roger K. Newman's "Hugo Black: A
Biography" (Nov. 6). However, Mr. Kamisar's description of Justice Black as an
"advocate of judicial activism" is perverse.

Justice Frankfurter often worried more about the propriety of judicial
overturning of popularly enacted legislation than he did about constitutional
norms, whereas Justice Black believed deeply in enforcing constitutional values.
But that hardly makes Black an activist. Faced with the Connecticut law that
banned the use of contraceptives, Justice Black called the law "offensive," and
he joined Justice Potter Stewart's characterization of it as "uncommonly silly."
Then he voted to uphold it against constitutional challenge because he did not
think it ran afoul of any "specific" constitutional provision.

It demeans Justice Black to saddle him with a label that, to many, evokes
illegitimacy. Labels will never be perfectly apt, perhaps, but if one is forced
to choose a term to describe Justice Black, "constitutional absolutist" is much
closer to being right than is "judicial ac tivist."

DAVID R. DOW
Houston

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              981 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                               May 9, 2008 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Men behaving badly; Blow-up dolls in clubhouse an affront to female fans

BYLINE: Barbara Barker, New York Newsday

SECTION: SPORTS; Guest Column; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 699  words


Major League Baseball has a problem.

Apparently, it think it is OK to demean 50 per cent of the population.
Apparently, it thinks it is OK that seven days before Mother's Day, one of their
teams featured a vulgar and sexist shrine -- complete with blow-up dolls and
baseball bats -- in its clubhouse. Apparently, it doesn't care that the
prevalent attitude in the sport when it comes to denigrating women is that "boys
will be boys."

Major League Baseball has a problem because it took two days for anyone to voice
a concern about what happened in Toronto last Sunday. That's when an unnamed
Chicago White Sox player, trying to think of a novel way to break his team out
of its slump, set up two blow-up dolls on the clubhouse couch accompanied by
"strategically placed" baseball bats, sex toys and a sign that read "You've Got
to Push," according to a report in The Canadian Press. According to a report in
the Chicago Sun-Times, one doll had a bat inserted in its "backside" to prop it
up.

When contacted by Newsday, MLB vice president of public relations Patrick
Courtney said, "We are looking into it."

At least that's better than what White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen had to say. His
sentiments aren't exactly ones that are going to have me run out and buy a pink
White Sox cap for my daughter.

"I'm not going to make the players apologize," Guillen told the Sun-Times. "I
don't think that was a big deal. It's our house. I don't think we did anything
wrong and I don't think we did anything to make people upset. We did something
to have fun and stay loose."

Guillen did have one problem with the display: "Those dolls don't work.
Hopefully, we can come up with something better. We don't need dolls. We need
hits."

Offensive and threatening

Something better? What's the next step? How about a noose and a sign urging
players to go out and lynch their opponents? How about a picture of two
opponents kissing and a sign that says let's beat those gays? Because for many
women and hopefully for many of the men who love them, the symbol of a blow-up
doll is offensive and threatening.

I would suggest that Guillen doesn't need just hits. He needs to be hit with a
fine and some sensitivity training. Perhaps he can be sent to a sensitivity
trainer a little more accomplished than the one he was ordered to see two years
ago when he used a derogatory term for a gay man to describe Sun-Times columnist
Jay Mariotti.

Now, there are some who will point out that what the White Sox did is OK because
it is something that happened inside the clubhouse, not out in a dugout or on
the field. While I agree that in our society the locker room has long been
revered as a sacred retreat of protracted adolescence, there is one thing you
have to understand about a major league clubhouse: It is not a private place.

A major league clubhouse is not like the locker room at your health club. It is
not like the locker room at your high school. For at least three hours a day, it
is a place of business: For players, for team personnel, for sportswriters, for
camera crews, for anchor people, it is the place they go to do their job.

There are private areas in a clubhouse. Many have players-only areas, and all
have a trainer's room where no non-club personnel are allowed. But the White Sox
blow-up display was smack in the middle of the clubhouse, where everyone who had
to go in and do their work was forced to contend with it. And not one White Sox
employee, not even apparently the public relations person, was bothered enough
by the shrine to take it down before reporters came in that day.

My understanding is that there were no women reporters working the game in
Toronto. My understanding also is that if there had been, the White Sox might be
contending with a lawsuit.

But this issue is not just about how the White Sox treat reporters. It's about
attitudes in Major League Baseball. It's not enough just to use pink bats to
support breast cancer on Mother's Day. It's not enough to make pastel-colored
hats.

Fifty per cent of baseball's potential fans are women. They attend games, they
drive aspiring players to Little League games and they buy thousands of dollars
worth of merchandise.

And they deserve better.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              982 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

Frontline puts Clinton and Trump on the couch

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 765 words


The Frontline (10 p.m., PBS, check local listings) joint profile The Choice
offers overlapping glances at the lives of presidential candidates Hillary
Clinton and Donald Trump. It's easy to see how these two people, and highly
polarizing personalities, were formed well before they reached the age of 10.

Both had very demanding and unaffectionate fathers. Fred Trump instilled a
competitive instinct in his children, telling them that the world was divided
between successful people and "losers," urging them to develop a "killer"
instinct.

When Clinton came home with straight A's, her father, Hugh Rodham, would demean
her and say that the school must be too easy. He was verbally and emotionally
abusive to his wife. Some theorize that the toxic atmosphere in the Rodham
household contributed to Hillary's penchant for secrecy and reserve.

Trump is described here by classmates and neighbours as a child terror, likely
to smash other people's birthday cakes and upset tables. In his own book, The
Art of the Deal, Trump admits to giving a second-grade music teacher a black
eye. To discipline him, Trump's father enrolled him at a tough military academy.

Clinton is shown here as the very stereotype of the grade-school overachiever:
the captain of the crossing guards.

Friends and classmates of both candidates feel neither has changed terribly much
since their school days.

Beyond the personal psychobiography, Trump and Clinton are depicted as baby
boomers who all but symbolize the culture and gender wars of the past
half-century.

Clips show Clinton in the mid-1970s, as the young first lady of Arkansas and who
constantly had to answer questions about her hair, her glasses, her Ivy League
law degree, her use of her maiden name and her decision to work as a lawyer. In
short, her refusal to play the role of doting female accessory then associated
with being a governor's wife.

Trump's military-school classmates recall how much the Playboy magazine ethos
and Hugh Hefner in particular shaped their worldview. And some admit here that
Trump still sounds like the cocky teen from their old dormitory bull sessions.

Their respective religious upbringing also proves illuminating and
character-shaping. Trump's father took the family to the Marble Collegiate
Church in Manhattan, where pastor Norman Vincent Peale preached a gospel of
positive thinking, a philosophy that praised the pursuit of material and
business success. Clinton would fall under the spell of a Methodist youth
minister who tried to broaden the horizons of his conservative suburban flock,
taking them to hear Martin Luther King Jr. speak to a Chicago gathering.

Two hours in length, The Choice goes far beyond the headlines, sound bites and
tweets to reach back some 70 years to explore the content and the character of
the man and woman who would be president.

TV-themed DVDs available today include the eight-part French miniseries The
Disappearance.

Tonight's other highlights

Blind auditions continue on The Voice (9 p.m., NBC, TV-PG).

The Contenders: 16 for 16 (9 p.m., PBS, TV-PG, check local listings) recalls the
campaigns of Michael Dukakis and Mitt Romney.

A female pilot faces an unsympathetic jury on Bull (10 p.m., CBS, TV-14).

Joe's decision reverberates on Halt and Catch Fire (11 p.m., AMC, TV-14).

Celebrity behaviour on display on Atlanta (11 p.m., FX, TV-MA).

Real Sports With Bryant Gumbel (11 p.m., HBO) examines the history of the
national anthem at sporting events.

Cult choice

The late Gene Wilder stars in the 1974 horror spoof Young Frankenstein (10:30
p.m., TCM).

Series notes

A murder investigation uncovers a bomb plot on NCIS (9 p.m., CBS, TV-PG) ...
Maya Rudolph guest-stars on Brooklyn Nine-Nine (9 p.m., Fox, TV-14) ... Time for
results on Dancing With the Stars (9 p.m., ABC, TV-14) ... Jess and Cece become
politically active on New Girl (9:30 p.m., Fox, TV-14).

Colton Haynes guest-stars as a new patient on Scream Queens (10 p.m., Fox,
TV-14) ... Pride's old pal faces FBI scrutiny on NCIS: New Orleans (11 p.m.,
CBS, TV-14) ... Weight-loss worries on This Is Us (11 p.m., NBC, TV-14) ...
Daisy takes on Ghost Rider on Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. (11 p.m., ABC,
TV-PG).

Late night

Jimmy Fallon welcomes Kate Hudson, David Oyelowo and De La Soul featuring
Estelle on The Tonight Show (12:35 a.m., NBC) ... Samuel L. Jackson, Cecily
Strong, Spike Feresten and Danny Carey visit Late Night With Seth Meyers (1:35
a.m., NBC) ... Usain Bolt, Allison Janney, Owen Wilson and Eliza Skinner appear
on The Late Late Show With James Corden (1:35 a.m., CBS). !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 The
Daily Gleaner (Fredericton)

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Daily Gleaner
                              All Rights Reserved


                              983 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

Frontline puts Clinton, Trump on couch

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 766 words


The Frontline (10 p.m., PBS, check local listings) joint profile The Choice
offers overlapping glances at the lives of presidential candidates Hillary
Clinton and Donald Trump. It's easy to see how these two people, and highly
polarizing personalities, were formed well before they reached the age of 10.

Both had very demanding and unaffectionate fathers. Fred Trump instilled a
competitive instinct in his children, telling them that the world was divided
between successful people and "losers," urging them to develop a "killer"
instinct.

When Clinton came home with straight A's, her father, Hugh Rodham, would demean
her and say that the school must be too easy. He was verbally and emotionally
abusive to his wife. Some theorize that the toxic atmosphere in the Rodham
household contributed to Hillary's penchant for secrecy and reserve.

Trump is described here by classmates and neighbours as a child terror, likely
to smash other people's birthday cakes and upset tables. In his own book, The
Art of the Deal, Trump admits to giving a second-grade music teacher a black
eye. To discipline him, Trump's father enrolled him at a tough military academy.

Clinton is shown here as the very stereotype of the grade-school overachiever:
the captain of the crossing guards.

Friends and classmates of both candidates feel neither has changed terribly much
since their school days.

Beyond the personal psychobiography, Trump and Clinton are depicted as baby
boomers who all but symbolize the culture and gender wars of the past
half-century.

Clips show Clinton in the mid-1970s, as the young first lady of Arkansas and who
constantly had to answer questions about her hair, her glasses, her Ivy League
law degree, her use of her maiden name and her decision to work as a lawyer. In
short, her refusal to play the role of doting female accessory then associated
with being a governor's wife.

Trump's military-school classmates recall how much the Playboy magazine ethos
and Hugh Hefner in particular shaped their worldview. And some admit here that
Trump still sounds like the cocky teen from their old dormitory bull sessions.

Their respective religious upbringing also proves illuminating and
character-shaping. Trump's father took the family to the Marble Collegiate
Church in Manhattan, where pastor Norman Vincent Peale preached a gospel of
positive thinking, a philosophy that praised the pursuit of material and
business success. Clinton would fall under the spell of a Methodist youth
minister who tried to broaden the horizons of his conservative suburban flock,
taking them to hear Martin Luther King Jr. speak to a Chicago gathering.

Two hours in length, The Choice goes far beyond the headlines, sound bites and
tweets to reach back some 70 years to explore the content and the character of
the man and woman who would be president.

TV-themed DVDs available today include the eight-part French miniseries The
Disappearance.

Tonight's other highlights

Blind auditions continue on The Voice (9 p.m., NBC, TV-PG).

The Contenders: 16 for 16 (9 p.m., PBS, TV-PG, check local listings) recalls the
campaigns of Michael Dukakis and Mitt Romney.

A female pilot faces an unsympathetic jury on Bull (10 p.m., CBS, TV-14).

Joe's decision reverberates on Halt and Catch Fire (11 p.m., AMC, TV-14).

Celebrity behaviour on display on Atlanta (11 p.m., FX, TV-MA).

Real Sports With Bryant Gumbel (11 p.m., HBO) examines the history of the
national anthem at sporting events.

Cult choice

The late Gene Wilder stars in the 1974 horror spoof Young Frankenstein (10:30
p.m., TCM).

Series notes

A murder investigation uncovers a bomb plot on NCIS (9 p.m., CBS, TV-PG) ...
Maya Rudolph guest-stars on Brooklyn Nine-Nine (9 p.m., Fox, TV-14) ... Time for
results on Dancing With the Stars (9 p.m., ABC, TV-14) ... Jess and Cece become
politically active on New Girl (9:30 p.m., Fox, TV-14).

Colton Haynes guest-stars as a new patient on Scream Queens (10 p.m., Fox,
TV-14) ... Pride's old pal faces FBI scrutiny on NCIS: New Orleans (11 p.m.,
CBS, TV-14) ... Weight-loss worries on This Is Us (11 p.m., NBC, TV-14) ...
Daisy takes on Ghost Rider on Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. (11 p.m., ABC,
TV-PG).

Late night

Jimmy Fallon welcomes Kate Hudson, David Oyelowo and De La Soul featuring
Estelle on The Tonight Show (12:35 a.m., NBC) ... Samuel L. Jackson, Cecily
Strong, Spike Feresten and Danny Carey visit Late Night With Seth Meyers (1:35
a.m., NBC) ... Usain Bolt, Allison Janney, Owen Wilson and Eliza Skinner appear
on The Late Late Show With James Corden (1:35 a.m., CBS). !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016
Telegraph-Journal (New Brunswick)

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Telegraph Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              984 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

Frontline puts Clinton, Trump on couch

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 764 words


The Frontline (10 p.m., PBS, check local listings) joint profile The Choice
offers overlapping glances at the lives of presidential candidates Hillary
Clinton and Donald Trump. It's easy to see how these two people, and highly
polarizing personalities, were formed well before they reached the age of 10.

Both had very demanding and unaffectionate fathers. Fred Trump instilled a
competitive instinct in his children, telling them that the world was divided
between successful people and "losers," urging them to develop a "killer"
instinct.

When Clinton came home with straight A's, her father, Hugh Rodham, would demean
her and say that the school must be too easy. He was verbally and emotionally
abusive to his wife. Some theorize that the toxic atmosphere in the Rodham
household contributed to Hillary's penchant for secrecy and reserve.

Trump is described here by classmates and neighbours as a child terror, likely
to smash other people's birthday cakes and upset tables. In his own book, The
Art of the Deal, Trump admits to giving a second-grade music teacher a black
eye.

To discipline him, Trump's father enrolled him at a tough military academy.

Clinton is shown here as the very stereotype of the grade-school overachiever:
the captain of the crossing guards.

Friends and classmates of both candidates feel neither has changed terribly much
since their school days.

Beyond the personal psychobiography, Trump and Clinton are depicted as baby
boomers who all but symbolize the culture and gender wars of the past
half-century.

Clips show Clinton in the mid-1970s, as the young first lady of Arkansas and who
constantly had to answer questions about her hair, her glasses, her Ivy League
law degree, her use of her maiden name and her decision to work as a lawyer. In
short, her refusal to play the role of doting female accessory then associated
with being a governor's wife.

Trump's military-school classmates recall how much the Playboy magazine ethos
and Hugh Hefner in particular shaped their worldview.

And some admit here that Trump still sounds like the cocky teen from their old
dormitory bull sessions.

Their respective religious upbringing also proves illuminating and
character-shaping.

Trump's father took the family to the Marble Collegiate Church in Manhattan,
where pastor Norman Vincent Peale preached a gospel of positive thinking, a
philosophy that praised the pursuit of material and business success.

Clinton would fall under the spell of a Methodist youth minister who tried to
broaden the horizons of his conservative suburban flock, taking them to hear
Martin Luther King Jr. speak to a Chicago gathering.

Two hours in length, The Choice goes far beyond the headlines, sound bites and
tweets to reach back some 70 years to explore the content and the character of
the man and woman who would be president.

TV-themed DVDs available today include the eight-part French miniseries The
Disappearance.

Tonight's other highlights

Blind auditions continue on The Voice (9 p.m., NBC, TV-PG).

The Contenders: 16 for 16 (9 p.m., PBS, TV-PG, check local listings) recalls the
campaigns of Michael Dukakis and Mitt Romney.

A female pilot faces an unsympathetic jury on Bull (10 p.m., CBS, TV-14).

Joe's decision reverberates on Halt and Catch Fire (11 p.m., AMC, TV-14).

Celebrity behaviour on display on Atlanta (11 p.m., FX, TV-MA).

Real Sports With Bryant Gumbel (11 p.m., HBO) examines the history of the
national anthem at sporting events.

Cult choice

The late Gene Wilder stars in the 1974 horror spoof Young Frankenstein (10:30
p.m., TCM).

Series notes

A murder investigation uncovers a bomb plot on NCIS (9 p.m., CBS, TV-PG) ...
Maya Rudolph guest-stars on Brooklyn Nine-Nine (9 p.m., Fox, TV-14) ... Time for
results on Dancing With the Stars (9 p.m., ABC, TV-14) ... Jess and Cece become
politically active on New Girl (9:30 p.m., Fox, TV-14).

Colton Haynes guest-stars as a new patient on Scream Queens (10 p.m., Fox,
TV-14) ... Pride's old pal faces FBI scrutiny on NCIS: New Orleans (11 p.m.,
CBS, TV-14) ... Weight-loss worries on This Is Us (11 p.m., NBC, TV-14) ...
Daisy takes on Ghost Rider on Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. (11 p.m., ABC,
TV-PG).

Late night

Jimmy Fallon welcomes Kate Hudson, David Oyelowo and De La Soul featuring
Estelle on The Tonight Show (12:35 a.m., NBC) ... Samuel L. Jackson, Cecily
Strong, Spike Feresten and Danny Carey visit Late Night With Seth Meyers (1:35
a.m., NBC) ... Usain Bolt, Allison Janney, Owen Wilson and Eliza Skinner appear
on The Late Late Show With James Corden (1:35 a.m., CBS). !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016
Times &; Transcript (Moncton)

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              985 of 998 DOCUMENTS


           Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Florida)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 19, 2014 Friday

Boyles scolds Gaetz for comment

BYLINE: Kari C. Barlow, Northwest Florida Daily News, Fort Walton Beach

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 513 words


Dec. 19--Three months into his fight to restore accountability in Okaloosa
County, state Rep. Matt Gaetz is being scolded as a bully.

Okaloosa County Commissioner Nathan Boyles on Friday took Gaetz to task for a
comment he made to a constituent on the Daily News website.

"Leaders, the good ones at least, don't bully, they don't belittle and they
don't demean those around them," Boyles wrote in his regular monthly newsletter.

"Good leaders lead by example. Good leaders build consensus. Good leaders stick
to the issues."

Boyles' commentary made the rounds Friday and was also included in an email
blast from the Okaloosa County Democrats.

The dust-up began when Steven Menchel posted a question to Gaetz under a Daily
News story about Gaetz' new accountability agenda. Menchel asked why a $3
million overcharge by the state Department of Juvenile Justice wasn't included.

In Gaetz's online response to Menchel, he said the DJJ overcharge wasn't a top
priority and then referenced Menchel's two previous unsuccessful runs for
Okaloosa County Sheriff.

"Steve -- That idea was posted on the website. It got even fewer votes than you
did in your last two runs for public office," Gaetz replied.

When contacted Friday afternoon, Gaetz said he hadn't seen Boyles' newsletter.

After reading it, he was unapologetic.

"This'll be the most press Steve gets after running for office two times," he
said. "Steve ought to be thrilled to get so much press coverage."

Menchel said Friday he still wants an answer to his original question.

"The response to my Facebook post from Representative Gaetz was childish and did
not answer my question," he said.

Boyles defended his reprimand of Gaetz, stressing that public discourse must
remain polite and free of personal insults.

"For me, it's very important, and I will insist any time I'm going to be
involved in the public debate that that public debate be about the issues,"
Boyles said.

"At the end of the day, that's all our constituents care about."

MATT GAETZ'S NINE ITEMS

These are the nine items the Accountability Okaloosa initiative identified as
being the most critical facing Okaloosa County:

--Build consensus around the construction and location of a new Brooks Bridge

--Implement all TDC audit recommendations

--Support our military installations through community partnerships

--Use TDC funds to offset costs created by tourists

--Mandatory restitution for corrupt public officials

--Achieve the highest percentage of A schools in Florida

--Support a trauma center in Okaloosa County to stop our acute patients from
being flown to Pensacola

--Empower local charities and nonprofits to help the vulnerable

--Military and retired military IDs should be acceptable identification for
obtaining Florida ID cards and driver licenses

Contact Daily News Staff Writer Kari C. Barlow at 850-315-4438 or
kbarlow@nwfdailynews.com Follow her on Twitter @KariBnwfdn.

___ (c)2014 the Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Fla.) Visit the
Northwest Florida Daily News (Fort Walton Beach, Fla.) at www.nwfdailynews.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141219-FO-Boyles-scolds-Gaetz-for-comment-1219-20141219

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FO


                  Copyright 2014 Northwest Florida Daily News


                              986 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           October 24, 2012 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

On Wounded Knee

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; EDITORIAL; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 484 words


Russell Means, the Oglala Lakota Sioux protester, organizer and actor who led
the American Indian Movement through an era of vivid, often violent protests in
the 1970s, didn't win much in the way of fundamental political and social
change. AIM had too much chaos and infighting for that. He didn't lead a life of
exemplary activism: too many courtroom battles and bar brawls, too many guns.
When he died on Monday, at age 72, few could look back at his turbulent living
and showmanship and setbacks and render any verdict but: Mixed.

Even those who dismiss Mr. Means as an opportunist and sellout, who demean his
authenticity and scorn his political stunts, have to acknowledge Wounded Knee.

Wounded Knee, the 1973 siege, came long after Wounded Knee, the 1890 massacre,
which ended organized American Indian resistance to white rule. Between both
battles was a long period of erasure, in which Indians came to be seen as
functionally extinct, living on celluloid and in history books, perhaps, as
place names and car models, but not in the larger public consciousness.

But the Indians never went away, as Mr. Means helped -- stunningly -- to prove.
The movement's notoriety, starting with an occupation a few years earlier at
Alcatraz, exploded at Wounded Knee, where a confrontation over tribal corruption
at the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation in South Dakota turned into a 71-day siege.
United States marshals turned it into a war zone. It prompted a cultural
awakening, led by a young former drifter from California who had gotten to know
his Lakota roots from summer visits to relatives at Pine Ridge.

In the years since, Pine Ridge and other reservations have not escaped plagues
of poverty and alcohol. Governmental neglect remains a scandal. But there are
more Indians today than in 1890, and many tribes are richer, thanks to lucrative
ironies like gambling and tobacco. Indians have revived much traditional
knowledge and pride and are still fighting injustice. In the Black Hills, where
the government evicted the Indians and carved presidential faces on a sacred
mountainside, the Sioux and other Indians make drums and jewelry and teach
tourists: We are still here.

The country is still good at ignoring Indians, but for a time Mr. Means and the
American Indian Movement punctured that invisibility. By raising hell for 71
days in one of the most remote corners of the continent, on behalf of an abused
and forgotten people, he and his allies captured the attention of the world.
''It was pretty much all over three-and-a-half years after Alcatraz,'' wrote
Paul Chaat Smith, an American Indian writer and associate curator at the
National Museum of the American Indian, ''when exhausted, hungry rebels signed
an agreement that ended the Wounded Knee occupation. There were other actions
and protests, but none came close to capturing the imagination of the Indian
world or challenging American power.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2012/10/24/opinion/the-siege-of-wounded-knee.html

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              987 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                            December 28, 2007 Friday

Letters to the Editor

SECTION: RECORD; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 812  words


Ill-chosen language

I hope someone at the Naval Academy will counsel women's basketball coach Tom
Marryott to choose his words more carefully.

According to a College Roundup item (The Capital, Dec. 19), Mr. Marryott's title
should be altered to girls' basketball coach, as he said: "We had girls leave
the bench during the game because they were sick."

Strong, proud, athletic young women training to lead our nation's military in a
time of armed conflict ought not to be referred to as "girls." In a similar
context, would their basketball brethren be referred to by men's coach Billy
Lange as "boys"? That's doubtful.

Ill-chosen language is disrespectful. Those in positions of authority, such as
coaches and teachers, should not demean those under their supervision with such
careless choices.

COLLEEN O'NEILL

YANCHULIS

Arnold

Stormwater fee

I am disappointed that the county has so far failed to implement a stormwater
runoff fee program. We have waited much too long to implement a comprehensive
stormwater management plan and need to take immediate action if we are to have
any chance of catching up.

A stormwater fee should cover all property owners equally based on their impact
- the square feet of impervious surface they own. The plan should cover all
property owners: individuals, companies and businesses, churches and schools,
and state and county government property as well.

A simple flat fee for each square foot of impervious surface would reflect the
impact of each property in direct proportion to its contribution to the runoff
problem.

A good starting point for the fee would be 10 cents per square foot. A typical
house with a paved driveway and sidewalks would pay less than $200. A major
development such as Annapolis Towne Centre at Parole - which, according to
Google Earth, covers about 1.3 million square feet - would pay $130,000 per
year.

A fee based on the amount of impervious surface would encourage property owners
to reduce their cost by reducing their impact. A homeowner who replaced the
pavement of his two-car driveway with a porous surface, such as gravel, could
reduce his annual cost by about $80.

Owners of abandoned property or closed buildings could eliminate their fees
altogether by demolishing the structures and surfaces and replacing them with
grass and trees.

I hope the County Council acts soon to implement a fee system based on each
property owner's part of the problem. It is much too late for any more delay.

GREG PAGE

Arnold

Torrey Jacobsen

I was sorry that a story about the Greater Crofton Council (The Capital, Dec.
12) had strong references throughout to Torrey Jacobsen's negative influence.
Torrey acknowledged his error quite some time ago and has since led the GCC down
a straight path, giving his time unstintingly to the benefit of the
organization.

Torrey has a wide knowledge of people, issues, problems and solutions that
enabled him to inform and advise members. The article should have mentioned
important things Torrey engaged in during his tenure.

He tirelessly supported the need for modifications of Route 3 and other roads,
for the safety of the community. He initiated the idea of a moratorium on
development on Route 3 until proper planning was done and adequate facilities
were in place. He worked to gain support for this idea.

He was active in support of citizens' efforts to stop the Wal-Mart. He found
funds to build the Gambrills elementary school and to build a 2,000-seat stadium
- I believe at a high school - with a concession stand and with trees, shrubs
and flowers.

He introduced me to developers in a concerted effort to encourage them to use
methods that infiltrate stormwater, rather than continuing the old-line damage
of curb and gutter. He invited me to serve as environmental officer, which gave
me an opportunity to report on and solicit support for stormwater-related
issues.

As Torrey retires from a position he occupied for so long, he should be given
credit for his accomplishments.

ANNE PEARSON

Director

Alliance

for Sustainable Communities

Edgewater

Bowl game

Kudos to the new Midshipmen coach, Ken Niumatalolo, for all he did to try and
assure our Navy team a level playing field in the Poinsettia Bowl.

When you play a football game in which the officials don't know the rules, the
odds are stacked against you. And I don't just mean the acknowledged huge
mistake regarding the no-touchback call.

Utah players were calling cadences to distract our offense. Shouldn't that have
been a 15-yard penalty?

Navy may have lost the game of numbers in the record books, but the Utes and the
officials from their conference were the big losers. With their unsportsmanlike
conduct and amateurish understanding of the regulations, they were an
embarrassment to sports in general, and to their respective organizations.

And the huge ESPN audience, as well as everyone in the stadium, knew it.

LINDA BEDNAREK

Annapolis

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2007 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              988 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                             August 3, 2007 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Ludacris won't get a key to the city

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 541 words


BREAKING NEWS!

Mayor Bill Bell will not -- I repeat, will not -- present rapper Chris
"Ludacris" Bridges with a key to the city.

As I reported Wednesday, Ludacris is supposed to be in downtown Durham at the
Marriott today for a noon news conference that cranks up North Carolina Hot Car
and Bike Weekend in the Bull City. More information is at
www.hotcarandbikeweekend.com or 323-4408.

And just to reiterate, I don't have a problem with the event, where there'll be
school supplies for the kids. I mean, you can't argue with pencils and tablets
and whatnot so young'uns can learn something.

But I still take issue with past songs by Ludacris that demean women.

Event promoter Brian Dawson told me he understands where I'm coming from,
because he's a family guy himself. Yet he makes a stellar observation in
pointing out that a lot of these Hollywood blockbusters we rave about are just
as violent and oversexed as the rap music we rail against.

Dawson said his event will not be a magnet for thugs and hookers. It's
kid-friendly stuff today from 5-7 p.m. at the Lakewood YMCA. It's a chance to
get downtown on Saturday and see all the improvements while checking out the
fancy cars and bikes at the Marriott from 11 a.m.-7 p.m. On Sunday, the action
happens from noon to 8 p.m. at Roxboro Motorsports Dragway.

Bell initially told me he hadn't made up his mind about hooking up Ludacris with
a ceremonial key. His final decision apparently wasn't based on Ludacris'
lyrics. The mayor said he doesn't even keep up with rap music.

Most times, Bell said, when keys to the city are presented, he's the one who
initiates it.

In other words, I gather, he's the master locksmith around here as far as that
goes.

Having said that, Durham's Michael Dixon, 58, raises an interesting point,
suggesting that if we're going to hate on Ludacris on account of tasteless
lyrics, then how come nobody said anything when James Brown was sliding across
the stage back in the day and talking about gals wearing hot pants and -- like
Ludacris -- grunting for them to shake their money makers?

Dixon's right, by the way. But I guess it was so hard to understand what the
Godfather of Soul was saying on those records that when you cracked the code and
figured out what in the world he was talking about, you just went along with it,
even if it was a bit risque.

* * *

THIS JUST IN!

Five men in rural Durham County have been arrested on cockfighting charges.

(Cue deafening audio of chirping crickets.)

But you really couldn't care less, right?

For the record, nobody around here has been picked up recently for raising
roosters to rumble in a ring. But had that been true, would it have gotten our
goat (pardon the pun) the way the Michael Vick dogfighting case has?

See, nobody puts their pet rat on a leash and takes the thing out for walks. No,
we bait those critters with cheese or peanut butter, and smash 'em with
spring-loaded traps!

Yet an animal's an animal, right? Isn't a beast a beast?

"Most people do not have daily interaction with chickens, pigs and cows," Durham
dog activist Amanda Arrington explained. "So there is somewhat of a disconnect
between the slaughter of these animals and what is on their dinner plate."

Reach John McCann at jmccann@heraldsun.com or 419-6601.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Durham Herald Co.


                              989 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     May 16, 1997, Friday, JOURNAL EDITION

Anti-rap activist berates Time Warner chairman;
Company criticized for gangsta music

BYLINE: Charles Haddad; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 01H

LENGTH: 431 words


New York ---An anti-rap political activist publicly attacked Time Warner
Chairman Gerald G. Levin on Thursday for releasing music by black gangsta
rappers whose songs celebrate violence and the sexual denigration of women.

At the Time Warner annual meeting here, C. Delores Tucker won loud and prolonged
applause from an audience primarily composed of Time Warner employees as she
read sexually explicit lyrics of Time Warner rapper Lil' Kim.

Apparently upset by that show of support, the usually unflappable Levin
responded strongly to the attack by the president of the National Congress of
Black Political Women.

"Your ticket of admission as a shareholder to this meeting should not be taken
as permission to demean me or my family," responded Levin. "You don't know what
is in my heart or my soul."

Tucker's attack Thursday represented a renewal of an earlier campaign to get
Time Warner to drop gangsta rap musicians. After her last public attack, Time
Warner sold its Interscope record unit, which specializes in gangsta rap. Levin
said that sale was a business decision unrelated to Tucker's criticism.

Today Lil' Kim is one of a few rap singers who record for Time Warner. While
Time Warner's involvement is mostly over, Tucker's is not. Interscope's label,
Death Row Records, has sued Tucker, charging she has tried to disrupt its
operations. Tucker's attack Thursday came one day after Levin tried to make
peace by sending Time Warner President Richard Parsons to meet with her. But
Levin said Parsons was rebuffed. Tucker acknowledged meeting with Parsons but
said she would only negotiate with Levin.

Cultural center chosen

Tucker brought her attack to the Apollo theater, where Time Warner held the
shareholders meeting. The Apollo is considered a cultural center of New York's
large and influential black community. Time Warner selected the theater to show
its support for the black community of New York, said Levin. But that did not
spare him from Tucker's attack.

Tucker quoted Time Warner Vice Chairman Ted Turner as saying, "No one should
produce any music that our children can't hear."

After the meeting, Turner said he and other Time Warner directors would consider
Tucker's criticism. Tucker's attack was the only blemish on what was a smooth
annual meeting in which the company discussed its strong performance during the
past year and the first quarter of 1997. Levin repeated his strategy to raise
the price of the company's stock, which closed Thursday at $ 47.25. Many
shareholders think it should be trading in the $ 60 range.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color: Chairman Gerald G. Levin (left). / MARTY LEDERHANDLER /
Associated
Press
 Color: C. Delores Tucker. / DENNIS COOK / Associated Press

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                              990 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                   May 16, 1997, Friday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

Black activist berates Time Warner chairman;
Company criticized for gangsta rap CDs

BYLINE: Charles Haddad; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 01H

LENGTH: 424 words

DATELINE: New York


An anti-rap political activist publicly attacked Time Warner Chairman Gerald G.
Levin on Thursday for releasing music by black gangsta rappers whose songs
celebrate violence and the sexual denigration of women.

At the Time Warner annual meeting here, C. Delores Tucker won loud and prolonged
applause from an audience primarily composed of Time Warner employees as she
read sexually explicit lyrics of Time Warner rapper Lil' Kim.

Apparently upset by that show of support, the usually unflappable Levin
responded strongly to the attack by the president of the National Congress of
Black Political Women.

"Your ticket of admission as a shareholder to this meeting should not be taken
as permission to demean me or my family," responded Levin. "You don't know what
is in my heart or my soul."

Tucker's attack Thursday represented a renewal of an earlier campaign to get
Time Warner to drop gangsta rap musicians. After her last public attack, Time
Warner sold its Interscope record unit, which specializes in gangsta rap. Levin
said that sale was a business decision unrelated to Tucker's criticism.

Today Lil' Kim is one of a few rap singers who record for Time Warner. While
Time Warner's involvement is mostly over, Tucker's is not. Interscope's label,
Death Row Records, has sued Tucker, charging she has tried to disrupt its
operations. Tucker's attack Thursday came one day after Levin tried to make
peace by sending Time Warner President Richard Parsons to meet with her. But
Levin said Parsons was rebuffed. Tucker acknowledged meeting with Parsons but
said she would only negotiate with Levin.

Tucker brought her attack to the Apollo theater, where Time Warner held the
shareholders meeting. The Apollo is considered a cultural center of New York's
large and influential black community. Time Warner selected the theater to show
its support for the black community of New York, said Levin. But that did not
spare him from Tucker's attack.

Tucker quoted Time Warner Vice Chairman Ted Turner as saying, "No one should
produce any music that our children can't hear."

After the meeting, Turner said he and other Time Warner directors would consider
Tucker's criticism. Tucker's attack was the only blemish on what was a smooth
annual meeting in which the company discussed its strong performance during the
past year and the first quarter of 1997. Levin repeated his strategy to raise
the price of the company's stock, which closed Thursday at $ 47.25. Many
shareholders think it should be trading in the $ 60 range.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color: mug of Chairman Gerald G. Levin (left) / MARTY LEDERHANDLER /
 Associated Press
 Color: Mug of C. Delores Tucker / DENNIS COOK / Associated Press

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                              991 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, CA)

                             August 27, 2004 Friday

Strange reference

SECTION: READER'S LETTERS

LENGTH: 760 words


THE BUNNY ON Aug. 25 [Pet of the Week] refers to nice little tunes such as "Lucy
in the Sky with Diamonds." I always understood that as referring to LSD!

Elizabeth Perasso

San Mateo

Demeaning attacks

HOW SHAMEFUL THAT President Bush did not have the courage or grace to receive
Sen. Max Cleland, former senator and triple amputee who was wounded in Vietnam,
who traveled to Crawford, Texas, with a letter asking the president to condemn
the attacks on Sen. John Kerry's military record. During the Vietnam war, George
W. Bush requested that he not be sent to Vietnam. His National Guard service has
inexplicable gaps. Nevertheless, President Bush is allowing his surrogates to
smear the service of Kerry, who enlisted in the military and volunteered for
service in Vietnam.

Such attacks on Kerry are more than unseemly and unwarranted. They devalue and
demean the service of all veterans whose records could be similarly questioned
years after the fact. We are now engaged in another war. I wonder if the
courageous and dedicated soldiers in Iraq are concerned that their wounds and
their service will someday be subject to similar scurrilous attacks.

Adella Harris

San Mateo

Jumping to conclusions

JERRY FUCHS' ARTICLE [The real flip-floppers? The Swift Boat Veterans," Aug. 25]
should have been titled, "the Democratic position for voting Bush out of
office." How can Fuchs conclude that the Swift Boat Veterans are liars and Kerry
is truthful, based on the available information to date?

Weren't all of these men [including Kerry] heroes who simply view these
incidents from a different perspective? Finally, where is the fairness in
reporting when Fuchs says George W. Bush jumped over other men on a waiting list
to get into the Texas National Guard and Dick Chaney dodged "one draft after
another." Somehow I do not recall any column [correct me if I am wrong] where
Fuchs accused former President Clinton of the same thing. Informed reporting
deserves respect -- political bias is also fair so long as it does not appear
under the banner of objective reporting.

Franklin J. Agardy

Hillsborough

Dirty work

WHEN IT COMES to condemning the Swift Boat Veterans' ads, President Bush is
hiding. He wants them to do the dirty work for him.

Bush is at it again -- his allies tried to smear John McCain's military service
four years ago, and now they are funding a front group to try to do the same
against Sen. John Kerry. The people in this group are proven liars. Official
U.S. Navy documents prove their attacks completely false. Newspapers across the
country have documented the attacks against John McCain as smears and untrue
distortions. And it is a fact that the front group making the attacks is funded
by Bush donors and longtime Republican donors.

John McCain denounced the attacks on John Kerry as "dishonest and dishonorable"
and called on President Bush to denounce them. Instead of standing up and
denouncing the ads, Bush is hiding because he wants his front group to do his
dirty work, just like they did against John McCain.

Alex Kaplinsky

Palo Alto

Touch-screen success

COUNTER TO THE missive from Burlingame's Marlene Juscen-Long letter [Letters,
Aug. 21], San Mateo County voters already have a reliable automated voting
system.

Ms. Juscen-Long wrote that touch-screen voting machines in Venezuela seemed to
leave a reliable paper trail, unlike some similar machines in the United States.
While BBC correspondents, among other news outlets, have challenged the
legitimacy of Hugo Chavez's recent recall election, Ms. Juscen-Long might take
note that local elections have largely been clear of counting controversies. San
Mateo County voters have the best of both worlds with their optically scanned
votes. While electors leave their marks on easily recounted paper ballots, a
computer instantly checks for errors and provides a prompt count at the end of
the day. This system works, provides all the ballot evidence needed to satisfy
both Luddites and tech embracers and is simple for the voter to understand.

I commend San Mateo County for having the foresight to go to optical scan
ballots years before its neighbors.

John Baker

South San Francisco

Write to us

WE INVITE READERS to share their views. All letters are subject to editing for
length and content. Letters must be submitted with the writer's name and
address.

E-mail: istewart@sanmateocountytimes.com.

Fax: 348-4446.

Snail mail: Letters to the Editor, San Mateo County Times, 1080 S. Amphlett
Blvd., San Mateo 94402.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2004 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers


                              992 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 25, 1996, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Jewish Studies: Part of the Canon

BYLINE: By Jonathan Mahler;    Jonathan Mahler is managing editor of The
Forward, a weekly newspaper.

SECTION: Section A;   Page 23;   Column 1;   Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 574 words


The quarrel at Queens College over the selection of a non-Jewish professor to
lead the school's Jewish studies program provides a lesson in the dangers of
combining academic disciplines with identity politics.

Thomas Bird, a professor of Yiddish at Queens and a Roman Catholic, resigned
last week, just two weeks into his appointment, after protests from several
Jewish colleagues. Professor Bird's most outspoken critic, Samuel Heilman, a
former director of the program, argued that the head of it should be a "role
model," implying that religious as well as academic credentials should be a
criterion.

That argument is troublesome, for bringing religion into the equation of
qualifications demeans the discipline. But Professor Heilman's critics are being
disingenuous when they pretend that Jewish studies doesn't function in a
symbolic fashion, too. What makes this controversy so important is that it
reveals a paradox that is only likely to grow more pronounced in the
multicultural academy.

Nowhere is this paradox more apparent than in the case of Jewish studies.
Geoffrey Hartman, a professor of literature at Yale University who was
instrumental in creating its Jewish studies program, makes the case that Jewish
studies belongs in the Western canon as much as, say, classics or the study of
the Renaissance. "It should be argued that Judaism is one of the pillars of
Western civilization, but that it was neglected for a long time because of
certain religious polemics," he said.

Though Professor Hartman is undoubtedly correct -- Yale itself once had a
Hebrew-language requirement -- the reality is that Jewish studies re-entered the
university through the same door as women's and African-American studies
programs. And given that in the 18th century readers of Hebrew -- but not Jews
-- were admitted to Yale, it's not surprising that defining and defending Jewish
identity has crept into the new discipline called Jewish studies.

Adding to all this is the crisis in Jewish continuity that has seen
intermarriage rates soar and emphasis on Jewish education plummet. Programs like
that at Queens often serve as a last chance for Jewish students seeking to
recover their heritage.

Professor Heilman, in his campaign to preserve the Jewish character of his
department, pointed out that at Queens College an Ethiopian heads the black and
African studies program, an Italian-American runs the Italian studies program
and a woman is in charge of women's studies.

The picture that Professor Heilman paints is no doubt accurate. His critics
should be as vocal in their support of the next qualified man who seeks to head
a women's studies program as they were in standing up for Professor Bird.
Professor Heilman is also correct in sensing that other cultural studies
programs will seek to preserve the nonacademic elements that often give these
programs their character.

But if they are indeed worthy of support, they too should draw their members
from a larger pool. As Shaia Cohen, a professor of Judaic studies at Brown
University, puts it, the appointment of qualified non-Jews is "a testimony to
the field of achieving some sort of normalcy."

The presence of non-Jewish students and non-Jewish teachers represents a triumph
for the field. Three thousand years of history and culture, intimately
intertwined with the other strands of Western civilization, is too important to
be consigned to an academic ghetto.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Op-Ed

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              993 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 18, 1989, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

CAMPUS LIFE: Wisconsin;
Regents Approve A Disputed Ban On Discrimination

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2, Page 36, Column 1; Style Desk

LENGTH: 562 words

DATELINE: MADISON


Settling a semester of debate over a possible intrusion on First Amendment
rights, the governing body of the University of Wisconsin system has approved a
proposal barring discrimination on its 12 campuses.

The bill would prohibit discrimination based on race, sex, religion, color,
creed, disability, sexual orientation, national origin, ancestry or age if it
posed ''a clear threat to the educational environment.''

The proposed revision to the student conduct code is now headed for a vote in
the Wisconsin Assembly and Senate Education Committees, which must act within 30
days. The proposal originated in the Legislature, which required the Board of
Regents to take a vote, which it did June 9.

Under the bill, ''certain types of expressive behavior directed at individuals
and intended to demean and to create a hostile environment for education or
other university-authorized activities would be prohibited and made subject to
disciplinary sanctions.''

Racial Epithets in Fliers

Over the last two years, five racial incidents involving fraternities at
Madison, the largest campus, were reported. At both the Madison and Whitewater
campuses, racial epithets directed at blacks and Native Americans appeared on
fliers during last fall's semester. Under the proposal, the sanctions against
such activities could range from written warnings to expulsion.

Like similar proposals in effect or in the works at campuses across the nation,
the Wisconsin proposal drew heavy opposition when it was proposed in January
from critics who feared a suspension of the constitutional right to free speech.
But after several revisions requiring victims of discrimination to establish an
offender's intent to create a hostile environment and making classroom remarks
off-limits to discipline, some reversed their positions.

Gordon Baldwin, a law professor on the Madison campus who had said earlier in
the spring semester that a civil rights lawyer would ''salivate'' over having a
case against an antidiscriminatory conduct code, said after the Regents' final
decision that he found little or no grounds for a constitutional challenge.

A representative from the American Civil Liberties Union spoke against the rule
at a public hearing June 8, before the Board of Regents vote. The A.C.L.U. also
recently sued the University of Michigan over its new antidiscriminatory policy.


'Important Symbolic Meaning'

Regent Ody Fish, a strong opponent, said, ''The cure is worse than the
disease.'' Mr. Fish said that because even proponents admit the new rule is
essentially symbolic, implementation would be an unwarranted threat to free
speech.

But the president of the Wisconsin system, Kenneth Schaw, said he found
''important symbolic meaning'' in the rule. ''It can particularly send a message
to minority students that the board and its administration do care.''

Students from minority groups campaigned hard throughout the spring for the
bill. ''It's the first stand the U.W. system has ever made on behalf of students
of color on campus,'' said Solomon Ashby, university affairs director for the
Wisconsin Student Association in Madison and a member of the Black Student Union
there.

But Mr. Ashby expressed frustration that violations of the rule would be
difficult to prove. ''The intent issue is probably the biggest loophole in the
world,'' he said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                              994 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           October 31, 2009 Saturday

Spin Cycle: Halloween wedding, really bad bank robbers, fat man walking

BYLINE: By Joan Morris Contra Costa Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 337 words


Fluffing and folding the news

Boo boohoo

If everything goes wells today, Lisa Panensky and Jim Nieves will become Mr. and
Mrs. in a Halloween wedding ceremony. But they won't be tying the knot at the
Sleepy Hollow, N.Y., Old Dutch Church made famous by Washington Irving's short
story, "The Legend of Sleepy Hollow."

They booked the church 13 months ago, but when church officials learned that the
bride and groom, as well as the wedding party and guests, would be wearing
costumes, they blew out the candles on the jack-o'-lantern.

The Rev. Jeff Gargano offered to perform the ceremony in the adjacent 17th
century cemetery, but the couple said no, apparently fearing that might demean
the sanctity of the ceremony.

Modern crime

If there was a contest for the least successful bank robber, it would be a tie
between these two guys.

A St. Paul, Minn., robber ran away empty-handed when the bank teller did
something completely unexpected: She said no.

Then there is the guy in Warsaw, Poland, who said he had a knife and pressed it
against the throat of a teller, demanding money.

Too bad for him it was a spoon. He also ran away without a penny.

But at least they are getting their exercise.

Fat man walking

Edward Ates, a Florida man on trial in New Jersey in the shooting death of his
son-in-law, is trying to tip the scales of justice.

Ates, 62, stands 5 foot 8 inches tall and, at the time of the murder, weighed
285 pounds. His says he was too fat, slow and out-of-shape to have committed the
crime. According to forensic evidence, the shooter would have had to fire, run
up the stairs, shoot some more, clean up the shell casings and then get away
before police arrived a few minutes later, a feat Ates says he could not manage.

He may have trouble convincing a jury, though. He's dropped 40 pounds while in
jail awaiting trial. His innocent-by-reason-of-obesity ploy may be in peril, but
at least he now fits into his orange jumpsuit.

Spin Cycle takes a quirky view of the daily news. Reach Joan Morris at
jmorris@bayareanewsgroup.com

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              995 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      July 29, 1990, Sunday, City Edition

Music industry should police itself before the law does

BYLINE: Jason Berry

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 986 words

DATELINE: NEW ORLEANS



Rock music has always pushed the boundaries of taste, mixing satire, bravado and
flamboyant shows to galvanize the youth market. After 20 years, the Rolling
Stones still roll.

    The 1980s marked a seismic shift in rock themes and theatrics.  While Bruce
Springsteen's songs of social change touched a collective conscience, the
musical landscape became littered with groups who demean women with lyrics that
vaunt rape, and offend many of us by glorifying Satanism, sadomasochism and
sheer vulgarity.

    When abuses of artistic license mirror the tearing of a society's domestic
fabric, political response is inevitable.

    In June, Broward County Sheriff Nick Navarro made national headlines when
his deputies arrested members of the rap group, 2 Live Crew, after a club date
in Fort Lauderdale where they sang lyrics that U.S. District Judge Jose Gonzalez
had previously deemed obscene.

    In Reno, Nev., a civil lawsuit accuses the group Judas Priest of liability
in the suicide deaths of two youths who were allegedly inspired by a song
celebrating suicide.

     A group called the Dead Kennedys recorded I Kill Children, which says: "God
told me to skin you alive/ I kill children/ I love to see them die. . ."

    Lyrics like that moved the Parents Music Resource Center led by Tipper Gore,
wife of Sen. Albert Gore to raise the issue of recordings' content. The music
industry cried foul, accusing the group of censorship. But the parents center
advocated voluntary labeling of record covers by the industry, so parents would
know what their kids were buying.

    The Louisiana Legislature recently handed Gov. Buddy Roemer a bill that
would require warning labels on music products deemed "harmful to minors" and
empower local prosecutors to press misdemeanor charges against retail merchants
for selling any recording "which has as its basic theme to advocate or encourage
rape, incest, bestiality, sadomasochism, prostitution, homicide, unlawful
ritualistic acts, suicide," racially motivated crimes, use of illegal drugs or
unlawful use of alcohol.

    The bill's author, Rep. Ted Haik, a Democrat from the Cajun port of New
Iberia, stressed that parents could buy such records for children if they
desired. "Constitutionally, we think it's a tight bill," Haik said after the
Legislature adjourned. State Attorney General William Guste supported the bill's
"legitimate interest" and pledged to defend it against any court challenge.

    The problem with the bill was its open-ended language. The theme from
M.A.S.H.  which is not sung on the television show ( contains lyrics that say:
"Suicide is painless/ It brings on many changes." Would that be illegal?



   Roemer came under heavy pressure from recording industry representatives,
artists and civil libertarians. Opponents of the bill included Mrs. Gore, the
parents center group and the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences,
which gives out the Grammy music awards.

    On Wednesday, Roemer announced his veto. "Voluntary labeling honors our
Constitution and our freedom" Roemer stated, sending waves of relief through the
music industry.

    Roemer's decision reflected hard economic realities in a state with high
unemployment. A New Orleans attorney had lobbied the recording arts academy to
put a Grammy Hall of Fame here, with the promise of tourist dollars. The
academy's president, Michael Greene, said if the bill passed, "We will pull all
our initiatives out of Louisiana." That would have been a crippling blow to the
state's expanding music industry.

    But the recording industry has clearly reached a crossroads of morality and
politics. Fifteen other legislatures are considering similar bills. After his
bill passed the state senate, Haik was contacted by legislators in Florida,
Arizona, Missouri, Pennsylvania and Oklahoma.

    "Many companies cheat on (the voluntary labeling) agreement," says Paul
Voorhies, a New Iberia merchant who asked Haik to draft the bill.

    Voorhies did two years of research on lyrics that turned his stomach. "In
the movie, magazine and adult bookstore world, these things have been regulated
or self-regulated," says Voorhies. "In the music world, it's a new market being
tapped."

    The Supreme Court has ruled that the Constitution protects the making of
much obscene material, but local communities have the right to restrict its
distribution. Recordings, tapes and compact discs are no more exempt than most
pornographic films or magazines. But because music is rarely associated with
pornography it has long been held to a different standard.

    Sexual content is only a part of the issue. Rap and rock groups that feed on
raw nihilism have created a dark underbelly in the music world. The comedian
Andrew Dice Clay thought his limits were endless and kept denigrating women and
gays. When female entertainers refused to perform with him on Saturday Night
Live, his career took a dive, and he ended up crying on the Arsenio Hall Show.

    By virtue of the medium, television figures like Clay have a much greater
audience than most musical groups. Sooner or later, however, musicians peddling
messages of violence and hate will find themselves in Dice Clay's corner,
subject to the serious scrutiny of their peers.

    Government intervention should be the last resort. But until the recording
companies and mainstream musicians take a cold, hard look at moral standards of
their industry, politicians will feel the heat of public opinion and the
tensions will only get worse.
 - Jason Berry is a journalist whose books include Up From the Cradle of Jazz, a
history of New Orleans popular music.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company


                              996 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                           November 5, 2016 Saturday

In final election push, Clinton, Trump target different Americas

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 702 words


ATKINSON, N.H. * Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton charged through vastly
different corners of America Friday hunting for vastly different voters in a
final, frantic push that traced the country's geographic, racial and economic
divides.

Clinton and Democratic allies bounced from city to city oters. She was to
campaign in urban centres of Detroit, Pittsburgh and Cleveland on Friday while
President Barack Obama was heading to Charlotte, North Carolina - all cities
where minority voters are crucial.

In Pittsburgh, a city where one in three people is not white, Clinton hammered
Trump as "someone who demeans women, mocks people with disabilities, insults
African-Americans and Latinos and demonizes immigrants and Muslims."

"Everywhere he goes he leaves people behind," Clinton told rowdy supporters.

Trump, meanwhile, was on a tour of rural areas, hoping to boost turnout among
the white, working-class voters drawn to his promise to bring back a lost
America. He started his day Friday in Atkinson, New Hampshire, population 6,800
and almost 98 per cent white, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. From there,
he was bound for Wilmington, Ohio, another overwhelmingly white town where just
13 per cent of residents have a college degree.

Speaking more than 2,000 miles from the Mexican border, Trump drew loud cheers
in Atkinson when he vowed to build a massive wall between the U.S. and Mexico.
The crowd booed when he contended that Clinton supports "open borders."

"Her plans would mean generations of terrorism, extremism and radicalism
spreading into your schools and through your communities," Trump declared.

In spite of a close race in national polling, Trump's path to victory remains
narrow. For example, he must win Florida, where polls show a neck-and-neck race.
His campaign is increasingly looking to make up for losses among suburban
voters, particularly women, by wrestling up new voters in out-of-the-way places.

The candidates' divergent paths highlighted the yawning gaps between race, place
and economics that drive presidential policies.

Trump told his largely white audience in Atkinson that "we have to rebuild our
country."

"They've shipped our jobs and they've shipped our wealth to other countries," he
said. "To all Americans, I say it is time for new leadership."

Trump's dark views on the economy clashed with a new jobs report showing the
unemployment rate declined to 4.9 per cent while wages went up in October. The
report marks 73 straight months of job growth.

But the Republican said the numbers weren't good enough, and he cast doubt on
whether they were accurate.

"These numbers are an absolute disaster," Trump said, reviving his argument that
the unemployment numbers released every month by the Labor Department are skewed
because they don't accurately account for those who've dropped out of the
workforce.

"Nobody believes the numbers they're reporting anyway," he said.

As he spoke, Clinton campaigned in Pittsburgh, delivering a nearly opposite
message. She celebrated what she described as the Rust Belt city's rebirth of
"confidence" and economic renewal. She asked voters to "imagine two different
Americas" - one with Trump in charge, and one with her in the White House.

"Think about what it will be to trust the nuclear codes to someone with a very
thin skin," she said, adding Trump could "start a real war, not just a Twitter
war at 3 in the morning."

Clinton called the jobs report "good news."

"I believe that our economy is poised to really take off and thrive," she said.
"When the middle class thrives, America thrives."

Clinton's campaign has announced two more stops in Philadelphia before Tuesday.
Pennsylvania is a state where Clinton has long had a solid lead; it has not
voted for a Republican in six presidential elections.

But with polls tightening across battleground states, Democrats are taking
little for granted. Former President Bill Clinton worked to drive up turnout in
Colorado on Friday, while Vice-President Joe Biden was due in Wisconsin, both
states Clinton was believed to have locked up weeks ago.

Clinton herself was to wrap her day in Cleveland at a get-out-the-vote rally
with hip-hop artist Jay-Z. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Times &; Transcript (Moncton)

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              997 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 7, 2014 Tuesday

Georgia: Linking schools with business partners

LENGTH: 792  words

DATELINE: Atlanta


Georgia Partnership For Excellence In Education, The State of Georgia has issued
the following news release:

We often hear that our education system is in decline, falling behind the rest
of the world. One reason, I think, is that we're still using ideas that were
formed not to meet the challenges of this century, but to cope with the
circumstances of the last one - a linear narrative that teaches subjects in a
vacuum with limited relevance to the real world. We teach to the test. We're
obsessed not just with going to college but certain sorts of college. We demean
blue-collar work.

But a shift is underway in California with a commitment to "Linked Learning,"
vocational programs that provide a work-based infrastructure relevant to
students' studies while setting them on a career path.

The Legislature last year allocated $250 million of the $55 billion education
budget to expand high school tech programs and, more important, fund agencies
designed to link those schools with business partners. That creates a career
path to high-need and high-growth economic sectors like health care, green
energy and information technology.

Kicking in this year, the program has long been a goal for Senate Pro Tem
Darrell Steinberg, but he cautions that it isn't career tracking like the
traditional vocational training model. "The old vocational system has a tendency
to limit choice," Steinberg tells me.

"By combining academic rigor and career application, you give kids multiple
pathways that maintain the option of college but prepares those not going to
college with the skills and the background necessary to get a high-wage job."

"The point here is creating an opportunity for a seamless transition," says
Christopher Cabaldon, West Sacramento's mayor and executive director of the
Linked Learning Alliance, the nonprofit umbrella organization for this blended
concept.

Schools like Elk Grove's Clean Energy Academy and Sacramento's Health
Professions High School do this, but Cabaldon tells me academies with strong
business partnerships "are the exception rather than the rule."

"Schools and districts aren't set up to work with employers," Dave Rattray with
the L.A. Area Chamber of Commerce tells me. "A single teacher or district
representative might go above and beyond to develop something with one person at
a company, but on a larger scale we don't really invest in the capacity within
school districts, schools and companies to do that."

Intermediary groups - a chamber or business organization, nonprofits, a district
or county office - can now be a one-stop shopping bridge linking schools and
employers on a regionwide level. Schools won't have to contact countless
employers to find the ones offering internships and apprentice programs, and
companies won't have to go to 1,000 schools to find out which ones are training
students in a given field.

"We've all got full-time jobs," says Bill Kelly, managing director of Public and
Education for SunPower, a San Jose-based solar-energy company. "It's hard for a
company like ours, and school districts and teachers, to put both parties
together."

"Steinberg's program provides resources that stimulate these regional
collaborations," Rattray says. "When you talk to employers, there's really a
reservoir of good will, interest and desire."

"I see this as a strategy to reduce the dropout problem," Steinberg says. "Kids
drop out because they fall behind and because subjects don't have relevance."

More than 100,000 California students drop out each year, according to
educators.

Well, instead of teaching subjects in the abstract, can we teach, say,
mathematics and computers to aspiring auto mechanics relative to the repair of
today's complex car engines without sacrificing standards? In this state,
doesn't learning Spanish make you more marketable to companies looking to serve
more customers?

"That's an example of making rigor relevant," Steinberg says, "and the really
good programs will provide that."

Colleges are adjusting, too.

"A decade ago," Cabaldon explains, "there were 600 voc-ed classes across the
state that UC would take for admission eligibility. Now it's over 12,000."

That's a healthy and necessary paradigm shift. We can't meet the future with a
system designed to address the economic circumstances of the past.

Steinberg calls linked learning "a movement at the beginning of its evolution."
Let's hope so. Ideas like this, simple in concept, too often get lost in petty
squabbles - unions, charter schools, merit pay. We're so enraptured by our own
wants, we forget this is about what children will need in the future, a future
most of us won't see. But our kids will. Our job is to help them make something
of it.

For further information please visit: http://www.gpee.org/

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              998 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                           February 8, 1996, Thursday

ITTF put Chen on the carpet

SECTION: SPORT; Page  26

LENGTH: 125 words


Table Tennis

The International Table Tennis Federation has called for action against the
England No 2, Chen Xinhua, over a rumpus at the European Olympic Qualifying
Tournament in Manchester last month.

The ITTF has written to the English Table Tennis Association expressing
displeasure at Chen's actions when he was given a red card by the umpire for
coaching during the defeat of the England No 1, Matthew Syed, by the Hungarian
Zoltan Batorfi.

Chen refused to move from the bench and then got involved in an argument with
the umpire, during which he removed the official's glasses.

The ITTF administration director, Ian Marshall, said: "Any sport that allows
players to abuse or demean its officials has to take action."


LOAD-DATE: February 08, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1996 Independent Print Ltd
