
                               1 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                          September 21, 2013 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

US judge must quit comedy career

BYLINE: Sophia Pearson; in Philadelphia

SECTION: A; Pg. A011

LENGTH: 326  words


US judge must quit comedy career Sophia Pearson in Philadelphia 'The side gig
demeans his judicial post.'

Vincenzo Sicari may get laughs on stage from self-deprecating jokes about his
sex life and his Italian family, but the New Jersey Supreme Court isn't amused.

The municipal judge in South Hackensack cannot continue with his part-time job
as a comedian and reality show star because the side gig demeans his judicial
post, a seven-judge panel has ruled, affirming a review board's decision.

His moonlighting career is not compatible with the code of conduct for judges,
even those who sit on the bench part time, the panel said.

"The focus of his comedy and his decision to participate in a pseudo-reality
television show in situations that demean, ridicule, or embarrass others based
on their race, religion, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, or physical
characteristic are simply not consistent with the high standards of conduct
expected of a judge," the court said.

Judge Sicari, who performs under the name Vince August, was appointed to the
$US13,000- a-year ($13,700) judicial post in January 2008, 11 years after he
began his stand-up routine at a New York City comedy club, according to court
documents.

Judge Sicari told Bergen newspaper The Record in a June 2007 interview that he
refuses to make fun of lawyers or the law, according to court records.

The Advisory Committee on Extrajudicial Activities didn't see the humour in
jokes that focused on his Italian-American heritage and sexual experiences. The
committee concluded in May 2010 that Judge Sicari's second career couldn't be
entertained, nor could his appearance on television reality show What Would You
Do?

The Supreme Court agreed, saying that the possibility existed for people to
associate Judge Sicari with Vince August. "The concern is whether an ordinary
member of the public can divorce the comedy routine or the roles played by Vince
August from Judge Sicari." Bloomberg

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CT


       Copyright 2013 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               2 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            January 13, 2017 Friday

Comcast refuses to air ads that 'demean' LDS Church

BYLINE: Tad Walch Deseret News

LENGTH: 434 words


By Tad Walch

Deseret News

SALT LAKE CITY - Comcast announced Thursday it will not run a TV commercial that
it determined demeans the LDS Church.

Activist Fred Karger paid approximately $2,000 to run the ad 54 times in Utah
markets to kick off what he called "the biggest, loudest, most comprehensive
challenge to a church's tax-exempt status in history."

Comcast issued a written explanation on Thursday, saying the ad did not meet its
standards. The statement was issued by Tara Hunter, Comcast Spotlight's senior
director of integrated communications.

The statement reads: "Comcast Spotlight, the advertising sales division of
Comcast Cable, reviews ads on a case-by-case basis for compliance with our
guidelines. Upon review, the ad did not comply with our guidelines because the
client was unwilling to provide substantiation for their claims and we do not
accept ads that demean individuals or specific organizations. We offered to
review any additional spots the client was interested in airing."

Karger said Comcast had scheduled the 30-second ad to run for seven days
beginning on Wednesday, adding that a Comcast representative called him late
Tuesday to tell him the company was reconsidering. Comcast informed Karger
Wednesday night that it would not run the commercial.

"They told me the reason was that it was demeaning an organization," Karger
said. "It's an accurate and fair spot, and I'm upset someone has quashed my free
speech."

Hunter told the Deseret News that the company uses a case-by-case review process
for potential ads, saying "there was never an approval nor a change of mind."

Karger previewed a longer version of the ad at a news conference on Tuesday,
when he announced a campaign to build a case against the church's tax-exempt
status. The longer spot makes claims about the total income of the church's
for-profit businesses and makes allegations about practices and policies within
the church. Reporters asked Karger to substantiate several claims made in the
longer version of the ad, but he did not provide specifics.

He held out hope that Comcast CEO Bruce Roberts will overturn the decision.

"I sent a letter appealing to Mr. Roberts to do the right thing," Karger said.
"I don't have the resources to take on the world's largest cable company."

Karger has opposed The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints on gay rights
issues from New England to Hawaii since the 2008 Proposition 8 race in
California.

Karger also purchased air time over a different cable system in St. George, but
he wasn't sure Thursday morning whether those ads are airing.

Email: twalch@deseretnews.com

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2017 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                               3 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                          September 15, 2010 Wednesday

Word game: September 15, 2010

BYLINE: United Feature Syndicate Inc.

SECTION: NEWS; Entertainment

LENGTH: 167 words


TODAY'S WORD -- DEMEANS

(DEMEANS: dih-MEENS: Lowers in dignity or social standing; debases.)

Average mark 21 words

Time limit 40 minutes

Can you find 31 or more words in DEMEANS?

The list will be published tomorrow.

YESTERDAY'S WORD -- GRADATE

gate

gear

grade

grate

great

rage

rate

read

reata

adage

agar

agate

aged

area

dare

dart

data

date

dater

dear

drag

drat

tare

tear

trade

tread

Did you find any words not on the list?

RULES OF THE GAME: 1. Words must be of four or more letters. 2. Words that
acquire four letters by the addition of "s," such as "bats" or "dies," are not
allowed. 3. Additional words made by adding a "d" or an "s" may not be used. For
example, if "bake" is used, "baked" or "bakes" are not allowed, but "bake" and
"baking" are admissible. 4. Proper nouns, slang words, or vulgar or sexually
explicit words are not allowed. To contact Word Game creator Kathleen Saxe,
write to Word Game, Kathleen Saxe, United Media, Fourth Floor, 200 Madison Ave.,
New York, NY 10016.

Copyright 2010, United Feature Syndicate, Inc.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                              June 29, 2012 Friday

Parents who demean do great harm

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 518 words


Parents who demean do great harm

I was enjoying a beautiful June evening when I witnessed something I will never
forget. A father was teaching his son about baseball and how to play the game.
Being about 4 years old, the boy needed encouragement rather that criticism.
After watching for about two minutes, I could see the father was getting very
annoyed. The father then ended the evening calling his son worthless, useless
and another name which I cannot mention here.

I called my son in California and told hm about this. How can children grow up
in a house (I can't call it a home) where a parent bullies and demeans a child
like this? No wonder we have a society where there is so much violence. If this
is what children learn at home, they don't know any better.

I would like to have wished a Happy Father's Day to this boy's so-called father,
but I just could not get the words out. I hope that he gets some kind of help
and one day realizes that having a child is a great responsibility that requires
patience and love. Good luck to the young one; he will need it.

Marie Nalepa

Wheeling

Manipulating public opinion on guns

The Herald continues to practice selective reporting. They will tell you what
they think you should know. Case in point, what was the purpose of Operation
Fast and Furious? It was a planned war against the Second Amendment, to take
away guns from law-abiding citizens. How do you do that? Well, by manipulating
public opinion. So how is that done? You take stimulus money, force gun owners
to give these weapons to murderous thugs from Mexico, then blame guns for the
violence.

Did the program succeed? Well, there were over 200 Mexican civilians murdered
and two U.S. border agents killed. Who is to blame? The administration, that
would be King Obama, is not cooperating. He is hiding these facts, since these
are impeachable offenses.

What are the ramifications? We may face a constitutional crisis: Do we impeach
the king or do we just vote him out? What about Attorney General Eric Holder? He
should go to jail for a very long time.

Roman G. Golash

Palatine

Advice for teachers after Wisconsin vote

Since Gov. Scott Walker survived the recall effort with the help of millions in
out-of-state funding, here is my advice to the teachers in the state of
Wisconsin come the fall.

Show up to work at exactly the time your contract calls for, and leave work at
exactly the time your contract calls for. In between, assign reading and study
during class time and homework, grade the homework the next day in class while
the students are studying. Do no preparation for class outside of working hours.
Volunteer for no advising or coaching for any athletic activities, field trips
or clubs, and cancel all extracurricular activities not covered by the contract.
Volunteer for no extra help or tutoring.

Send a note home to all parents advising them you will be performing your duties
to the exact requirements of your contract and nothing more, and if they have
questions or concerns, they should contact Governor Scott Walker, The Koch
Brothers, Fox News and Karl Rove.

Cosmo Andoloro

Hoffman Estates

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                               5 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           September 14, 2009 Monday

DEBATE HEATS UP FOR DUELING DA WANNABES

BYLINE: MAGGIE HABERMAN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 197 words


Manhattan DA hopeful Cy Vance Jr. yesterday rapped rival Leslie Crocker Snyder
at a candidates' debate, saying her criticism of his defense-lawyer work "
demeans the office."

Vance made the comments as he, Snyder and gun-control advocate Richard Aborn
faced off on WABC-TV with two days to go before the primary.

Snyder's remarks slamming Vance for his work defending murderers and others as a
trial lawyer "have been personal and demeaning of the core work of defense
lawyers," Vance said. "I think it demeans the debate, demeans the office, and I
just think it's inappropriate."

Snyder slammed back, "I don't believe I've said anything negative. What I've
done is point to the facts and the comparisons between myself and the other
candidates."

On the issue of the DA personally trying cases, Aborn said he didn't see that as
the role of the district attorney, noting that outgoing incumbent Robert
Morgenthau hasn't personally tried a case since the 1980s.

Later, Crocker Snyder was endorsed by the National Organization for Women, while
Vance strolled the Lower East Side with Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver. "It's
as close as you're going to get to an endorsement," Silver said.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               6 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                             June 27, 2013 Thursday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

EXCERPTS FROM THE RULINGS

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 1058 words


Excerpts from the majority and dissenting opinions handed down by the U.S.
Supreme Court in its 5-4 rulings Wednesday striking down part of the Defense of
Marriage Act and leaving in place a trial court's ruling that California's
Proposition 8 is unconstitutional. Read the majority opinions and the minority
dissents in both cases at Links in today's Times at tampabay.com.

* * *

'DOMA is unconstitutional'

Justice Anthony Kennedy, writing the majority opinion striking down a key part
of the Defense of Marriage Act:

- "DOMA instructs all federal officials, and indeed all persons with whom
same-sex couples interact, including their own children, that their marriage is
less worthy than the marriages of others. The federal statute is invalid, for no
legitimate purpose overcomes the purpose and effect to disparage and to injure
those whom the state, by its marriage laws, sought to protect in personhood and
dignity. By seeking to displace this protection and treating those persons as
living in marriages less respected than others, the federal statute is in
violation of the Fifth Amendment."

- "What has been explained to this point should more than suffice to establish
that the principal purpose and the necessary effect of this law are to demean
those persons who are in a lawful same-sex marriage. This requires the court to
hold, as it now does, that DOMA is unconstitutional as a deprivation of the
liberty of the person protected by the Fifth Amendment of the Constitution."

- "DOMA's unusual deviation from the usual tradition of recognizing and
accepting state definitions of marriage here operates to deprive same-sex
couples of the benefits and responsibilities that come with the federal
recognition of their marriages. This is strong evidence of a law having the
purpose and effect of disapproval of that class. The avowed purpose and
practical effect of the law here in question are to impose a disadvantage, a
separate status, and so a stigma upon all who enter into same-sex marriages made
lawful by the unquestioned authority of the states."

* * *

In support of DOMA

Justice Antonin Scalia, dissenting from the majority opinion:

- "The majority concludes that the only motive for this act was the 'bare . . .
desire to harm a politically unpopular group.' Bear in mind that the object of
this condemnation is not the legislature of some once Confederate Southern
state, but our respected coordinate branches, the Congress and presidency of the
United States. Laying such a charge against them should require the most
extraordinary evidence, and I would have thought that every attempt would be
made to indulge a more anodyne explanation for the statute. The majority does
the opposite affirmatively concealing from the reader the arguments that exist
in justification."

- "To defend traditional marriage is not to condemn, demean or humiliate those
who would prefer other arrangements, any more than to defend the Constitution of
the United States is to condemn, demean or humiliate other constitutions. To
hurl such accusations so casually demeans this institution. In the majority's
judgment, any resistance to its holding is beyond the pale of reasoned
disagreement. To question its high-handed invalidation of a presumptively valid
statute is to act (the majority is sure) with the purpose to 'disparage,'
'injure,' 'degrade,' 'demean' and 'humiliate' our fellow human beings, our
fellow citizens, who are homosexual. All that, simply for supporting an act that
did no more than codify an aspect of marriage that had been unquestioned in our
society for most of its existence - indeed, had been unquestioned in virtually
all societies for virtually all of human history. It is one thing for a society
to elect change; it is another for a court of law to impose change by adjudging
those who oppose it hostes humanigeneris, enemies of the human race."

- "That court which finds it so horrific that Congress irrationally and
hatefully robbed same-sex couples of the 'personhood and dignity' which state
legislatures conferred upon them, will of a certitude be similarly appalled by
state legislatures' irrational and hateful failure to acknowledge that
'personhood and dignity' in the first place. As far as this court is concerned,
no one should be fooled; it is just a matter of listening and waiting for the
other shoe."

* * *

'Petitioners have no role'

Chief Justice John Roberts, writing the majority opinion that says opponents
cannot challenge a trial court's declaration that California's Proposition 8
banning gay marriage is unconstitutional:

- "We have never before upheld the standing of a private party to defend the
constitutionality of a state statute when state officials have chosen not to. We
decline to do so for the first time here."

- "Once Proposition 8 was approved by the voters, the measure became 'a duly
enacted constitutional amendment or statute.' Petitioners have no role-special
or otherwise-in the enforcement of Proposition 8. They therefore have no
'personal stake' in defending its enforcement that is distinguishable from the
general interest of every citizen of California. Article III standing is not to
be placed in the hands of 'concerned bystanders,' who will use it simply as a
'vehicle for the vindication of value interests.' No matter how deeply committed
petitioners may be to upholding Proposition 8 or how 'zealous (their) advocacy,'
that is not a 'particularized' interest sufficient to create a case or
controversy under Article III."

* * *

'Right to make law rests in the people'

Kennedy, dissenting from the majority opinion:

- "The essence of democracy is that the right to make law rests in the people
and flows to the government, not the other way around. Freedom resides first in
the people without need of a grant from government. The California initiative
process embodies these principles and has done so for over a century ... In
California and the 26 other states that permit initiatives and popular
referendums, the people have exercised their own inherent sovereign right to
govern themselves. The court today frustrates that choice by nullifying, for
failure to comply with the restatement of agency, a state Supreme Court decision
holding that state law authorizes an enacted initiative's proponents to defend
the law if and when the state's usual legal advocates decline to do so."

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2013 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                    November 11, 2015 Wednesday 9:35 AM GMT

Keeping orcas captive demeans us as humans;
SeaWorld is to end its killer whale shows, but there are still 58 of these
intelligent creatures in captivity. In our hubris, we need to stop playing God

BYLINE: Philip Hoare

SECTION: COMMENT IS FREE

LENGTH: 935 words


News that SeaWorld is to phase out its captive orca programme in San Diego
sounds like a good thing, and so it is. Although its decision seems to be
economic rather than ethical, the company's latest announcement follows other
damage limitation exercises such as the proclamation of new " environments " for
its captive orca, and would also seem to be a clear response to the state of
California having outlawed breeding of new animals, and their sale or transfer
(although SeaWorld has announced that it will contest that). And yet the trade
in capturing orca from the wild continues. Cathy Williamson, who observes
captivity programmes for Whale and Dolphin Conservation as part of its ongoing
campaign to stop the trade, notes that captures are continuing in the Sea of
Okhotsk in Russia's far east. "At least 15 orcas have been captured between 2012
and 2015," she says. She believes that "at least three orcas are now in Moscow,
and that Russia has exported at least seven to China". The Russians claim to be
undertaking "research" on these animals as to why they "aggressively steal
fishermen's catch".

Yuri Blinov, deputy director of Tinro, the research facility, explained: "There
was a recent problem in that killer whales have become parasites. They remove
catches from longlines. The main goal now is to ... find humane ways to isolate
the killer whales from the fishermen." Our human instinct to extend dominion
over the natural world knows no bounds, apparently.

As of October 2015, there are a total of 58 orca held in captivity, of which 24
were wild captured, and 34 captive bred, in 14 marine parks around the world,
from the US to Japan, Canada, France, Russia, Argentina and Spain. It is a
situation that not only demeans the animals, but demeans us, too. How can we be
human, when we extend such cruelty to species so close to us - culturally, as
well as genetically?

I saw my first living cetacean in the dolphinarium at Windsor Safari Park in the
1970s, when I was a boy. My sisters and I had pestered our parents to take us
there. We sat so eagerly in our plastic seats, watching the show. After the
dolphins went through their paces - jumping through hoops, balancing balls on
their beaks, catching fish in their mouths - they were cleared from the pool. I
was already feeling uneasy about the whole experience. Then Ramu - "our other
performer" - emerged from a big black gate at the other end of the pool. An orca
- the apex predator of the ocean, a wild, intelligent, highly social cetacean,
like its dolphin cousins. An emperor among animals, with the tallest dorsal fin
in the sea - rising two metres tall in a male.

What happened next shocked me out of my childish complacency. Ramu jumped
through a hoop, balanced a ball on his beak, and caught fish in his mouth. It
was pathetic. And as sign of his captivity - his emasculation - his fin flopped
over backwards, detumescently. That was a moment of apostasy for me. I couldn't
look at a dolphin or orca again with innocent eyes. I came away from that
afternoon with a brochure depicting Ramu. Next to it was an advertisement for
Embassy cigarettes. Looking at it now, the one seems as outdated as the other.

In many ways, these animals are their own worst enemies. We love them because
they are clearly intelligent, because they are sleek, hydrodynamic, fantasy
versions of our selves, because we can put them in a tank and have them perform
for our entertainment. The graphic beauty of an orca has a cartoon quality: it
looks like an object as much as an animal. And so we objectify it. The closeness
of the distance between our species and theirs is both intimate and
unbridgeable. And so we punish them for the sin of being free.

The notion that, 40 years after Ramu swam in an overgrown municipal pool, his
peers should be imprisoned - not just in SeaWorld, but also in countless
facilities around the world (including the EU), speaks to our wondrous
disconnection from the natural world. In her new book, Voices in the Ocean,
Susan Casey investigates captive orca and the conditions in which they are kept.
Until recently, one oceanarium in Switzerland, Connyland, boasted an inbuilt
underwater nightclub with flashing lights and amplified music reverberating
directly into the animals' pool. It was, as one scientist described it, "a
perversion of the highest degree".

Related:  A moment that changed me - looking a sperm whale in the eye | Philip
Hoare

Orca, when not "on display" are often kept in holding tanks, out of sight of
their audience. Animals used to the three-dimensional vastness of the ocean
cannot put themselves in a vertical position. Little wonder that individual
whales show the signs of what would be seen as psychosis in human beings.

Meanwhile, SeaWorld is expanding - eastwards. Perhaps trading on what it may
perceive as less acute sensibilities towards captive cetaceans, the company is
planning a new facility in Saudi Arabia. Its CEO, Joel Manby, told investors
last week that the new venture is going ahead, regardless. "We are making
progress. I don't want anyone to think they've stopped." It seems like Ramu's
benighted heirs have some way to go yet: cetaceans will continue to be traded as
long as we pay to see them. In her book, Archipelago, the Caribbean writer
Monique Roffey saw that "animals fill the gap between man and God". Whether you
believe in a deity or not, surely it's time for us to stop playing God to what
we perceive, in our hubris, as dumb animals.

Related:  My film Blackfish plunged Seaworld into crisis - but it's not only
killer whales we must protect | Gabriela Cowperthwaite

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           September 14, 2009 Monday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

CY RIPS SNYDER AS 'DEMEANING'

BYLINE: BY MICHAEL SAUL DAILY NEWS POLITICAL CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: NEWS; BRAWL FOR THE HALL; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 279 words


MANHATTAN District Attorney candidate Cy Vance Jr. accused rival Leslie Crocker
Snyder yesterday of "demeaning" the office they seek with negative attacks, a
charge she vehemently rejected.

"Comments in this district attorney's race have been personal and demeaning of
the core work of defense lawyers, which at one point Ms. Crocker Snyder was,"
said Vance in a debate on WABC.

"It demeans the debate, demeans the office," he said. "I think [it] is
inappropriate."

Snyder, who largely held her punches yesterday, defended the stream of TV ads
and mailers she's released criticizing Vance for defending "murderers" and
"mobsters" during his time in Seattle.

At the debate, she insisted, "I don't believe I've said anything negative - what
I've done is point to the facts."

"Cy's decided to go to Seattle and be in private practice, and that's his
choice," she said. "I decided to stay here as a public servant and protect New
Yorkers through the worst crime that existed here."

Richard Aborn, the other Democrat in the race, said it's "a shame" his opponents
are slinging mud.

Snyder, who hopes to be the borough's first female prosecutor, said she's been
pushing the "glass ceiling" her entire career.

"When a man is tough, they call him tough. When a woman is tough, they trot out
the . . . B word," she said.

Snyder confirmed yesterday she owns a gun, but she said she has never used it.
Vance said he once owned a gun for skeet shooting.

Snyder yesterday won the endorsement of the city chapter of the National
Organization for Women.

Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver (D-Manhattan) said he believes the race is now
between Vance and Snyder, and he prefers Vance. msaul@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Daily News, L.P.


                               9 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                              April 6, 2015 Monday

Letter: President deserves more respect from Utahns

SECTION: PUBLIC FORUM; Opinion

LENGTH: 161 words


President Obama visited Utah April 2-3. This is an honor. Although I do not
reside there at present ccc I am a law student at the University of Arizona ccc
I grew up in Salt Lake City. I have a deep-rooted passion for that area; it is
my home.

The local response during President Obama's visit disheartened me, disrespectful
social media posts in particular. I should be clear: I did not vote for him, and
I disagree with most of his positions.

There is, however, a respect that must accompany the president of the United
States. More than a political office, it is a symbol of the people; to demean
the one is to demean the whole.

Too few understand this. Perhaps Justice Antonin Scalia said it best: "It is
hard to admit one's political opponents are not monsters."

I, for one, am grateful for his visit. Now that I have moved away, I realize how
much Utah means to me. It is a privilege to share it with the president of the
United States.

Brett C. Gilmore

Tucson, Ariz.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 25, 1982, Sunday, Final Edition

Next, A National Hypocrisy Week

BYLINE: By Henry Fairlie; Henry Fairlie, whose columns appear in Outlook
biweekly, does not employ a secretary.

SECTION: Outlook; Fairlie At Large; C2

LENGTH: 1283 words


THERE ARE SOME features of our society which, trivial as they may seem,
represent all that is most repugnant about it. During the past week, we have
endured one: Professional Secretaries Week. It is peculiarly an invention of
America -- an exercise, like Mother's Day, in degradation -- and it should be
stamped out mercilessly. It is at no level a laughing matter, and I find few
people inclined to laugh.

"It is so condescending" -- that was the mildest comment I elicited all week--
"It is so demeaning." "It is disgusting" -- that from a bartender, a woman who
makes money from it -- "It is repulsive." The vocabulary of an 11-year-old might
say it all: "That's gross."

Most obviously it demeans women. But by making only half the point, that in fact
misses the point. It demeans the idea of labor, fairly and fittingly given,
fittingly and fairly rewarded; and it is because it demeans labor, in an
occupation in which it is overwhelmingly women who serve the needs and whims of
men, that the effect is to demean women. It demeans them in what ought to be the
dignity of an honest day's work.

Secretarial work is a reservation which we set apart for women. We might as well
have an annual National Indian Week, in which the White Man invites the Indian
off the reservation for a day, to tipple with him and slap his back. If
secretaries were fittingly treated and fairly rewarded, there would be no place
for a day of phony togetherness, the boss lording it in his favorite restaurant
as in his office.

Why not have a National Domestic Servant Week every year? I would give anything
to see Georgetown matrons reeling through a lunch at the Palm with their
Venezuelan live-ins. (Which would drink which under the table is a nice matter
of conjecture.) But domestics have to be treated with scrupulous care these
days. Your best friend is waiting to hire yours. Only secretaries are treated as
if the supply were inexhaustible.

When one says that Professional Secretaries Week is an invention of America, one
is talking, of course, of the crass commercialism to which this nation's
capitalism in the end reduces everything. One need only mention the
commercializing of motherhood in Mother's Day to make the point. The more
thoughtful defenders of capitalism admit it: It traduces, by commercializing,
the very values it claims and wishes to uphold.

As the critics of modern capitalism have pointed out from its beginnings, it
does this no more clearly than in its degradation of the idea of labor. It
proclaims the work ethic while it degrades work. There are glamorous magazine
stories about doctors and nurses, architects and lawyers, but none about
secretaries, because secretarial work is the helot labor of commercial or office
capitalism.

But there is something more specifically American to Professional Secretaries
Week than this. In a society which relentlessly breaks down every familiar bond,
there grows a nostalgia for togetherness which in the absence of the true
article takes on its own phoniness. It is worth paying attention to these words
which Irving Kristol wrote in 1972, lamenting that the "provincial nation has
been liquidated" by urban civilization:

"To anyone like myself who watches old movies on television . . . the most
striking impression is of a world that belongs to another era. These movies have
farmer's daughters -- honest-to-goodness farmer's daughters . . . ; they have
happy, neighborly suburban families who smugly and snugly pass the evening
watching themselves on television; . . . they have hicks who run gas stations
and cops who drop in for apple pie; they have children who address their fathers
as 'sir'; they have virginal college students and hardly any graduate students
at all; they have wildly efficient and fanatically loyal secretaries . . ."

This is a fascinating and, from Kristol, typically honest passage. It is
irrelevant to point out that Kristol would not want to be or do any of the
things which he so affectionately describes, although it is a little more
relevant to ask him if his quite recent ancestors were happy in these
conditions. What is much more to the point is that he is describing a world in
which everyone more or less knew their place and more or less accepted it.

It is doubtful if this provincial world ever existed so snugly and ideally. But
insofar as it did, the urban civilization which he says has destroyed it, whose
discontents he laments, is the civilization of the very capitalism he defends;
and with it has gone this romanticized world of honest-to-goodness farmer's
daughters, hicks in their gas stations, cops with their apple pie and virginal
college students.

He gives an idealized picture of the togetherness of provincial life -- except
-- except -- in the jolting last image which seems not to belong with the rest.
"Wildly efficient and fanatically loyal secretaries." All sense of snugness and
smugness, lazing hicks and lazing cops, and perhaps even of lazy virginity, is
scattered to the winds. The world of the secretaries is hectic: They are wild
and fanatic in performing.

He is right in one sense: That is how the movies showed them. But he has jumped
from images of the provincial world, where there were social bonds, to an image
of the capitalist world, where essentially there are only economic bonds. He
could not have described his honest-to-goodness farmer's daughters -- has he
ever met a farmer's daughter? or inquired about their virginity? -- as wildly
efficient and fanatically loyal even in their duties.

The bonds of provincial life did not call for wild efficiency or fanatical
loyalty. That is why the cop could drop in for apple pie. But there is no bond,
other than economic, of the secretary to her job. Let her try dropping in for
apple pie on her boss in his office. Let her try to chew a straw like the hick
who, rather improbably, Kristol wants lazily to wash his windshield and chat.

So once a year, one of the most impersonal jobs in our societies, the
secretary's, must be made to seem filled with togetherness. Does it alter by one
whit, for the rest of the year, the relationship in the office? Far from it, it
reinforces it. Few bosses today treat any other workers as inconsiderately as
they treat their secretaries. They extort a personal loyalty which has no real
substance.

If a Professional Secretaries Week, why not a National Bosses Week? Let the
secretaries choose the date, and let it be midwinter. Let them take their bosses
to the carry- out, and choose what yogurt they may. Let them then sit their
bosses, with their brown bags, on a bench in Farragut Square. Or let them skip
lunch altogether, and take their bosses to their hairdressers, in their lunch
hour and not office time.

Let them get their bosses back to the office promptly after an hour. Let them
then make their bosses get the coffee, put through their calls even to the
country club, and order the presents for their husbands and children. Let them
make a reservation on a plane, cancel it at the last moment, and demand a
reservation on the next plane out. Let them vent on their bosses their ill
temper, and then smooth them with another yogurt next midwinter.

Professional Secretaries Week is for the benefit of florists and bar and
restaurant owners. It is also for the benefit of the credit card companies, for
which the paperwork will have to be done by the secretaries. That much is
obvious. But it is also for the benefit of the bosses. Did you watch them in any
bar or restaurant last week? There was what the conservative Edward Heath called
the ugly face of capitalism. And it was making a sham of both the comradeship
and dignity of labor.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1982 The Washington Post


                              11 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 Experian Information Solutions, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                         Experian Powered Business Data

                                January 23, 2017

                        FILE ESTABLISHED: March 1, 1992

                               HARRY GENE. DEMEAN

                            1193 BURNETT STATION RD
                          CENTRAL CITY,  IA 52214-9658
                                 UNITED STATES

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: http://www.smartbusinessreports.com/Main.aspx?link=1009

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
EXPERIAN FILE NUMBER: 760313763

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
OFFICERS:

     ·    GENE G. DEMEAN, UCC DEBTOR
     ·    PHYLLIS A. DEMEAN, UCC DEBTOR
     ·    H G. DEMEAN, UCC DEBTOR


* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY SIC:
0115 - Corn  Farms
SECONDARY SIC:
0116 - Soybean Farms
0139 - Field Crops, Except Cash Grains, N
0212 - Beef Cattle, Exc Feedlots

BUSINESS ANALYSIS:
UNIFORM COMMERCIAL CODE FILINGS (UCC):

     ·    Date Filed: 11/18/2016
     ·    Type: UCC-FILED
     ·    Document Number: X16033970
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE IA
     ·    Original Filing Location: IA
     ·    Original Document Number: X16033970



     ·    Date Filed: 7/29/2016
     ·    Type: UCC-FILED
     ·    Document Number: X16022005
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE IA
     ·    Original Filing Location: IA
     ·    Original Document Number: X16022005




     ·    Date Filed: 6/11/2016
     ·    Type: UCC-FILED
     ·    Document Number: X16017107
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE IA
     ·    Original Filing Location: IA
     ·    Original Document Number: X16017107




     ·    Date Filed: 6/18/2015
     ·    Type: UCC-FILED
     ·    Document Number: X15018327
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE IA
     ·    Original Filing Location: IA
     ·    Original Document Number: X15018327




     ·    Date Filed: 6/15/2015
     ·    Type: UCC-FILED
     ·    Document Number: X15017852
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE IA
     ·    Original Filing Location: IA
     ·    Original Document Number: X15017852




     ·    Date Filed: 12/29/2014
     ·    Type: UCC-FILED
     ·    Document Number: X14039313
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE IA
     ·    Original Filing Location: IA
     ·    Original Document Number: X14039313




     ·    Date Filed: 11/6/2013
     ·    Type: UCC-FILED
     ·    Document Number: E13080025
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE IA
     ·    Original Filing Location: IA
     ·    Original Document Number: E13080025




     ·    Date Filed: 10/24/2013
     ·    Type: UCC-FILED
     ·    Document Number: X13035572
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE IA
     ·    Original Filing Location: IA
     ·    Original Document Number: X13035572




     ·    Date Filed: 9/25/2013
     ·    Type: UCC-FILED
     ·    Document Number: E13068612
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE IA
     ·    Original Filing Location: IA
     ·    Original Document Number: E13068612




     ·    Date Filed: 3/22/2013
     ·    Type: UCC-FILED
     ·    Document Number: E13022195
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE IA
     ·    Original Filing Location: IA
     ·    Original Document Number: E13022195




     ·    Date Filed: 11/13/2012
     ·    Type: UCC-FILED
     ·    Document Number: X12036114
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE IA
     ·    Original Filing Location: IA
     ·    Original Document Number: X12036114




     ·    Date Filed: 10/29/2012
     ·    Type: UCC-FILED
     ·    Document Number: X12033919
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE IA
     ·    Original Filing Location: IA
     ·    Original Document Number: X12033919




     ·    Date Filed: 7/17/2012
     ·    Type: UCC-FILED
     ·    Document Number: X12021550
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE IA
     ·    Original Filing Location: IA
     ·    Original Document Number: X12021550




     ·    Date Filed: 4/30/2012
     ·    Type: UCC-FILED
     ·    Document Number: X12013893
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE IA
     ·    Original Filing Location: IA
     ·    Original Document Number: X12013893




     ·    Date Filed: 2/28/2012
     ·    Type: UCC-FILED
     ·    Document Number: X12006979
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE IA
     ·    Original Filing Location: IA
     ·    Original Document Number: X12006979




     ·    Date Filed: 10/19/2009
     ·    Type: UCC-FILED
     ·    Document Number: E09034233
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE IA
     ·    Original Filing Location: IA
     ·    Original Document Number: E09034233




     ·    Date Filed: 7/1/2009
     ·    Type: UCC-FILED
     ·    Document Number: E09012212
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE IA
     ·    Original Filing Location: IA
     ·    Original Document Number: E09012212




     ·    Date Filed: 4/20/2005
     ·    Type: UCC-FILED
     ·    Document Number: P505549
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE IA
     ·    Original Filing Location: IA
     ·    Original Document Number: P505549




     ·    Date Filed: 12/30/2002
     ·    Type: UCC-FILED
     ·    Document Number: P407648
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE IA
     ·    Original Filing Location: IA
     ·    Original Document Number: P407648




     ·    Date Filed: 1/1/2001
     ·    Type: UCC-AMENDED
     ·    Document Number: E14060449
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE IA
     ·    Original Filing Location: IA
     ·    Original Document Number: E09034233




     ·    Date Filed: 1/1/2001
     ·    Type: UCC-AMENDED
     ·    Document Number: E10054597
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE IA
     ·    Original Filing Location: IA
     ·    Original Document Number: E09034233




     ·    Date Filed: 1/1/2001
     ·    Type: UCC-AMENDED
     ·    Document Number: E15013932
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE IA
     ·    Original Filing Location: IA
     ·    Original Document Number: P505549




     ·    Date Filed: 1/1/2001
     ·    Type: UCC-AMENDED
     ·    Document Number: E686828
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE IA
     ·    Original Filing Location: IA
     ·    Original Document Number: P505549




     ·    Date Filed: 1/1/2001
     ·    Type: UCC-AMENDED
     ·    Document Number: X16023292
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE IA
     ·    Original Filing Location: IA
     ·    Original Document Number: X15017852




     ·    Date Filed: 1/1/2001
     ·    Type: UCC-AMENDED
     ·    Document Number: X16036133
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE IA
     ·    Original Filing Location: IA
     ·    Original Document Number: X16033970




     ·    Date Filed: 1/1/2001
     ·    Type: UCC-TERM
     ·    Document Number: X15021274
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE IA
     ·    Original Filing Location: IA
     ·    Original Document Number: X12021550




     ·    Date Filed: 1/1/2001
     ·    Type: UCC-TERM
     ·    Document Number: X15019225
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE IA
     ·    Original Filing Location: IA
     ·    Original Document Number: X12033919




     ·    Date Filed: 1/1/2001
     ·    Type: UCC-CONT
     ·    Document Number: E14011094
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE IA
     ·    Original Filing Location: IA
     ·    Original Document Number: E09012212




     ·    Date Filed: 1/1/2001
     ·    Type: UCC-CONT
     ·    Document Number: E14060448
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE IA
     ·    Original Filing Location: IA
     ·    Original Document Number: E09034233




     ·    Date Filed: 1/1/2001
     ·    Type: UCC-CONT
     ·    Document Number: E12065201
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE IA
     ·    Original Filing Location: IA
     ·    Original Document Number: P407648




     ·    Date Filed: 1/1/2001
     ·    Type: UCC-CONT
     ·    Document Number: E876170-6
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE IA
     ·    Original Filing Location: IA
     ·    Original Document Number: P407648




     ·    Date Filed: 1/1/2001
     ·    Type: UCC-CONT
     ·    Document Number: E15013930
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE IA
     ·    Original Filing Location: IA
     ·    Original Document Number: P505549




     ·    Date Filed: 1/1/2001
     ·    Type: UCC-CONT
     ·    Document Number: E10005192
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE IA
     ·    Original Filing Location: IA
     ·    Original Document Number: P505549




     ·    Date Filed: 1/1/2001
     ·    Type: UCC-CONT
     ·    Document Number: E10005192-5
     ·    Filing Location: SEC OF STATE IA
     ·    Original Filing Location: IA
     ·    Original Document Number: P505549




UCC COLLATERAL COUNTS:

     ·    COMPANY HAS 19 UCC FILINGS WITH 34 COLLATERAL ITEM(S)


LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2017


                              12 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            August 25, 2012 Saturday

Aug. 27 Readers' letters

BYLINE: From Mercury News readers

SECTION: LETTERS; News; Opinion

LENGTH: 805 words


A drive to have all kids walk or bike to school

Walking my dog near the intersection of Bubb and McClellan in Cupertino on
Friday morning, I was surprised to see very large groups of people walking down
McClellan toward Lincoln Elementary School. At first I wondered what was going
on, and then realized they were all walking to school. At both Lincoln and
Kennedy (Middle School), we are in our third year of a program called Boltage.
It is an incentive driven program that rewards kids for biking/walking to
school. When I saw group after group of people crossing Bubb at McClellan (one
dad had his son on a tandem), I was thrilled, to say the least. My dream is to
have all able kids who live within a mile or two of school walk or bike. To all
the parents and kids who were walking to Lincoln today, you rock!

Lesley Reid

Los Altos

Editorial demeans top White House hopefuls

Your Aug. 21 editorial demeans the credibility of your news service by attacking
Rep. Todd Akin as ignorant on the subject of abortion. You unjustly smear Mitt
Romney and Paul Ryan, two honest, popular, highly qualified replacements for
those floundering, inept occupants of the White House. After all, who is the
worse villain: the representative offending the so-called "right to choose," or
the glib-tongued man who in his first week as president signed the Freedom of
Choice Act that condemned 5 million infants to abortion before they could draw
their first breath as American citizens?

Robert Jimenez

Burlingame

Republicans can't get it straight on abortion

The Republican leadership absolutely has Rep. Todd Akin's mindset. Paul Ryan and
Akin were the original co-sponsors of a bill that would limit the definition of
rape to "forcible rape." Ryan co-sponsored a personhood bill with Akin, which
would outlaw some forms of birth control and all abortions, with no exceptions
for rape or incest. Mitt Romney told Mike Huckabee that he "absolutely" supports
a constitutional amendment establishing the definition of life at conception,
which is also a plank in the GOP platform. Romney has stated numerous times that
he will do what he can to stop federal funding for Planned Parenthood, even
though no federal funds are used to provide abortions. Would Republicans rather
pay for contraception or would they rather pay for the unwanted children that
result from poor women not having access to birth control? Republicans want to
keep government out of people's lives, unless those people are women.

Mary Ellen Chell

Cupertino

It's time to put an end to comp, personal time

Can it possibly be true that the city of San Jose and Santa Clara County have
spent a combined $16-plus million in 2011 on accrued, unused vacation, sick
time, comp time and personal time? Change the policy. Comp time and "personal
time" should end now. Given these very large payouts, I have to question if
anyone is taking vacation or getting sick or, worse yet, accurately tracking
time off. These practices are an egregious use of taxpayer moneys. Why would
anyone vote to increase taxes when we continue to see tax dollars applied to a
de facto "retirement bonus plan" on top of a defined pension plan?

Jon Gibson

San Jose

It's a lot more costly to care for unwanted kids

Bill Becker (Letters, Aug. 24) says he doesn't want to get rid of Planned
Parenthood but doesn't want to pay for abortions or women's contraception
through his taxes. Doesn't he realize he pays a LOT more to help, support, and
maintain unwanted children -- all through his taxes. It's certainly less
expensive to prevent an unwanted pregnancy than to deal with the results.

Trixie Bentley

Los Gatos

Maybe a good storm can change mindset

I find a wonderful irony in that the GOP, the party of scientific repression,
should choose to have its convention in Florida at the height of the hurricane
season. After denying climate change and evolution for so long, it appears that
they may soon be experiencing both in megadoses. In one fell swoop, they may get
a major dose of climate change via a hurricane, and perhaps a few unfortunate
souls may become front-runners for this year's Darwin awards. If nothing else,
karma may convert more of us to believers in science.

Matt Rode

San Jose

Fire prevention fees are worth the cost

I live in Redding, where wildfires have been raging. The smoke was so dense last
week that I could not see any of the mountains around me. The Ponderosa Fire has
burned almost 100 homes. Thousands of acres have burned. We just started the
fire season, but Howard Jarvis is suing to stop the Cal Fire fee that will work
to at least reduce these calamities. Did anyone use the term "crazy nut cases"
to describe a group that opposes fire prevention while houses burn? The fee,
reduced if you have a fire unit you already support, amounts to two six-packs a
month. Are you kidding me?

Greg Beale

Redding

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 26, 2015 Thursday

Idaho: Ruth Marcus: Lynch delay not about race, gender

LENGTH: 778  words

DATELINE: Boise


The Spokesman Review of Idaho has issued the following news release:

Let's get a few things straight about the delay in confirming Loretta Lynch as
attorney general. It's outrageous. It also has nothing to do with her race or
gender.

Contriving prejudice where none exists demeans the importance of fighting
discrimination. And it demeans those who drop such ugly hints.

To wit, Illinois Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin, who complained that "the first
African-American woman nominated to be attorney general is asked to sit in the
back of the bus when it comes to the Senate calendar" - this after Senate
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell held her nomination hostage to action on a
stalled human trafficking bill.

Oh, please. I'm not in the habit of agreeing with Rich Lowry of National Review,
but opposing Lynch is no more race-based than Durbin's own opposition to the
nomination of Condoleezza Rice as secretary of state.

That's not to say that lawmakers are bias-free. This is impossible to prove, but
to watch Attorney General Eric Holder testify before Congress makes me think
that, at times, he is treated with less respect than if he were white.

But relations between Holder and congressional Republicans are badly frayed; it
is in those fraught moments of tension that prejudices, perhaps subconscious,
emerge. There was no such atmosphere during the Lynch hearings.

Same with gender. Hillary Clinton raised the subject last week, tweeting,
"Congressional trifecta against women today: ... Blocking great nominee, 1st
African American woman AG, for longer than any AG in 30 years."

Please, again. I'd like to see one smidgen of evidence that Lynch's gender is
working against her.

So the Lynch delay is about ideology. But not her ideology - President Barack
Obama's. And the Justice Department's. The case against Lynch is the case
against the president's executive actions on immigration, and the fact that
Lynch said she agreed with the Justice Department's analysis of their legality.

Which raises the question: How could Republican senators reasonably expect Lynch
to take a different view? How could they expect Obama to name any nominee who
differed? If they can't, what is the point - other than as a vehicle for
expressing pique - of opposing Lynch?

There's a legitimate argument about whether the president's actions went too
far. I don't blame Republicans for chafing at them, or being frustrated at their
inability to do much in response.

Holding up spending bills in a fit of temper over Obama's immigration moves is
bad for the country and self-destructive. The courts represent an unlikely
avenue of relief. So the Lynch nomination offers one tempting way for
Republicans to vent frustration with what they view as executive overreach.

"The Senate shouldn't confirm any attorney-general nominee, from whatever party,
of whatever race, ethnicity, or gender identification, who believes the
president can rewrite the nation's laws at will," Lowry wrote in National
Review, blithely overstating Lynch's (and Obama's) position.

Lowry acknowledged that the ironic result of his approach would be to leave the
much-reviled Holder in place. "But there's no helping that," he added. "The
principle that would be upheld is the Senate not giving its imprimatur to an
attorney general who thinks its lawmaking role is optional."

What about the principle of the Senate deciding that its confirming role is
optional? If senators have a serious problem with the president's selection for
a particular job - if they believe the nominee lacks experience, is
temperamentally unsuited, or is ideologically too far outside the mainstream -
they have the constitutional right to reject the choice.

But that's not Republicans' beef with Lynch. Their beef with Lynch is that she
is Obama's nominee and shares his views.

In the end, whenever that finally comes, Lynch appears to have enough Republican
support to squeeze through - perhaps with Vice President Biden casting the
deciding vote. This lets Republicans have their tantrum without being
responsible for the logical consequences of their position.

Last week, McConnell refused to bring up Lynch's nomination while the Senate was
stalemated over a human trafficking bill and abortion politics. This week the
Senate is busying itself debating a budget that will never be put in place. Then
it takes two weeks off.

By which point Lynch's nomination will have languished for more than five
months. Enough. It's long past time for the Senate to do its job, however
grudgingly.

Editor's note: Dana Milbank will return next week.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 26, 2015 Thursday

Idaho: Ruth Marcus: Lynch delay not about race, gender

LENGTH: 778  words

DATELINE: Boise


The Spokesman Review of Idaho has issued the following news release:

Let's get a few things straight about the delay in confirming Loretta Lynch as
attorney general. It's outrageous. It also has nothing to do with her race or
gender.

Contriving prejudice where none exists demeans the importance of fighting
discrimination. And it demeans those who drop such ugly hints.

To wit, Illinois Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin, who complained that "the first
African-American woman nominated to be attorney general is asked to sit in the
back of the bus when it comes to the Senate calendar" - this after Senate
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell held her nomination hostage to action on a
stalled human trafficking bill.

Oh, please. I'm not in the habit of agreeing with Rich Lowry of National Review,
but opposing Lynch is no more race-based than Durbin's own opposition to the
nomination of Condoleezza Rice as secretary of state.

That's not to say that lawmakers are bias-free. This is impossible to prove, but
to watch Attorney General Eric Holder testify before Congress makes me think
that, at times, he is treated with less respect than if he were white.

But relations between Holder and congressional Republicans are badly frayed; it
is in those fraught moments of tension that prejudices, perhaps subconscious,
emerge. There was no such atmosphere during the Lynch hearings.

Same with gender. Hillary Clinton raised the subject last week, tweeting,
"Congressional trifecta against women today: ... Blocking great nominee, 1st
African American woman AG, for longer than any AG in 30 years."

Please, again. I'd like to see one smidgen of evidence that Lynch's gender is
working against her.

So the Lynch delay is about ideology. But not her ideology - President Barack
Obama's. And the Justice Department's. The case against Lynch is the case
against the president's executive actions on immigration, and the fact that
Lynch said she agreed with the Justice Department's analysis of their legality.

Which raises the question: How could Republican senators reasonably expect Lynch
to take a different view? How could they expect Obama to name any nominee who
differed? If they can't, what is the point - other than as a vehicle for
expressing pique - of opposing Lynch?

There's a legitimate argument about whether the president's actions went too
far. I don't blame Republicans for chafing at them, or being frustrated at their
inability to do much in response.

Holding up spending bills in a fit of temper over Obama's immigration moves is
bad for the country and self-destructive. The courts represent an unlikely
avenue of relief. So the Lynch nomination offers one tempting way for
Republicans to vent frustration with what they view as executive overreach.

"The Senate shouldn't confirm any attorney-general nominee, from whatever party,
of whatever race, ethnicity, or gender identification, who believes the
president can rewrite the nation's laws at will," Lowry wrote in National
Review, blithely overstating Lynch's (and Obama's) position.

Lowry acknowledged that the ironic result of his approach would be to leave the
much-reviled Holder in place. "But there's no helping that," he added. "The
principle that would be upheld is the Senate not giving its imprimatur to an
attorney general who thinks its lawmaking role is optional."

What about the principle of the Senate deciding that its confirming role is
optional? If senators have a serious problem with the president's selection for
a particular job - if they believe the nominee lacks experience, is
temperamentally unsuited, or is ideologically too far outside the mainstream -
they have the constitutional right to reject the choice.

But that's not Republicans' beef with Lynch. Their beef with Lynch is that she
is Obama's nominee and shares his views.

In the end, whenever that finally comes, Lynch appears to have enough Republican
support to squeeze through - perhaps with Vice President Biden casting the
deciding vote. This lets Republicans have their tantrum without being
responsible for the logical consequences of their position.

Last week, McConnell refused to bring up Lynch's nomination while the Senate was
stalemated over a human trafficking bill and abortion politics. This week the
Senate is busying itself debating a budget that will never be put in place. Then
it takes two weeks off.

By which point Lynch's nomination will have languished for more than five
months. Enough. It's long past time for the Senate to do its job, however
grudgingly.

Editor's note: Dana Milbank will return next week.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           September 25, 2009 Friday

SECTION: A; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 1337 words


Special interest money piles up   |   Sept. 23, story



Lawmakers demean process of governing

I never cease to be amazed at the sheer audacity of the members of the Florida
Legislature. Perhaps the Times could elucidate on several of the following
questions.

How can the Florida courts allow the legislative branch of our state government
to continuously build a better mousetrap in order to skirt the intent of our
election laws? Sen. Mike Haridopolos talks about the "price of doing business"
(I am reminded of the "pay to play" instincts of former Illinois Gov. Rod
Blagojevich). And he says that "I'm not going to leave my friends . . . out
there without protection," which smacks of a desperate quid pro quo atmosphere
in Tallahassee.

Moreover, former House Speaker John Thrasher has pledged to "repay a debt by
helping to create a winnable seat" for a colleague.

Can someone please tell me what happened to representative government founded in
republicanism for the benefit of the constituents of our districts? All this is
an attempt to circumvent the restrictions on political donations. And for the
record, both parties are guilty of this corruption of the process.

I guess if you live long enough you can boast of having seen it all. But this is
an insult to the idea of American exceptionalism and tarnishes the metaphor of
our shining city on a hill.

Come on guys, stick to policy and leave the politics at the door. You demean the
process when you obey the letter but not the spirit of the law.

C.J. Gerber, St. Petersburg

Control the money flow

I applaud the St. Petersburg Times for highlighting the egregious fundraising
tactic used by legislators to circumvent campaign finance limits. Caps on
campaign contributions are good public policy designed to even the playing field
for all candidates.

It is flat out wrong that special interest groups can funnel unlimited amounts
of cash to sham organizations commonly known as 527s. This practice creates an
inherent conflict of interest for legislators and only serves to obstruct our
elections process and influence votes.

That is why, for the fourth year in a row, I will be filing legislation that
will cap contributions to these shadowy political committees. Under my bill,
contributions will be capped at $500 - which is the same limit that is on all
other campaign donations.

We need to bring transparency and accountability back to the process by reining
in these unchecked contributions. I will continue to stand up for integrity and
accountability in our political process. I encourage my colleagues to do the
same.

State Sen. Charlie Justice, St. Petersburg

Governor exhorts everyone to give

Sept. 20

Charlie Crist is taking

care of his own business

How could I have been so wrong? Since he took the oath of office, I've seen
Charlie Crist become the most "do-nothing" governor in our state's history.

I then read that "the people's governor" has the capacity to phone more than 200
people and raise an average of $86,000 per day toward his next gig in
Washington. Talk about taking care of the people's business! If it weren't so
pathetic, I'd be impressed.

Bill O'Connell, Oldsmar


Governor exhorts everyone to give

Sept. 20, story

Making the money pitch

This story says that Charlie Crist tells people that "We are going to bring
change to Washington, the Florida way."

This seems to a part of his spiel to contributors in his quest to be elected
senator from Florida. A leaderless party is going to be led by this governor in
name only while everything gone wrong has not been his fault. Can someone
enlighten me as to why we would send him to represent us in Washington?

Money is a powerful tool and our memories are short. The past eight years should
have taught us something, but alas I fear the worst.

D.G. Murray, New Port Richey

Restore fairness rules

The insanity in our current discussion of issues of public importance can be
traced back to the 1987 striking down of Fairness Doctrine by the FCC.

I support a restoration of Fairness Doctrine rules to broadcasting and cable. An
American invention, Fairness fostered the responsible expression of opposing
views on issues of public importance, and it provided remedies for personal
attacks. Fairness served best practices in the information business.

Without the neutral mechanism of Fairness in play, polarization, disconnection,
attacks, amplified extremism (from both sides), and disinformation have become
the reality. The FCC's 1987 decision has led to an environment where opposing
voices are effectively shut down by program owners. Live debate is traded for
commentary on sound and video bites, which is debate removed.

The national fever is elevating beyond control, and we are an unhealthy nation
as a result. Responsible journalism practices are replaced with scorched-earth
tactics upon which there are no checks.

Fairness, by tradition, inspirits free speech, an effect contrary to the claims
of its detractors. The detractors don't honestly fear a loss of the right to
speak. They fear direct answer and meaningful checks on their attacks.

Robert Sugg, Tampa

Storms leave 9 dead in soaked Southeast

Sept. 23, story

Painful, needless details

Once again, I am absolutely infuriated by what law enforcement and the media
have chosen to make public knowledge. This article states, "Authorities also
released a 15-minute 911 call of another storm victim's last moments" and then
goes on to give details.

This is outrageous! It amounts to nothing more than catering to those with a
morbid curiosity of another's tragedy. In addition, it further victimizes the
family and adds to their suffering.

It amazes me how often I read or watch the news, only to be told by the media or
law enforcement, personal details no one needs to know. Why does the exact
physical address of a victim of a violent crime need to be made public? Why does
the family of this poor woman have to suffer through hearing the tape of her
last 15 minutes on earth?

These details are traumatizing to the victims and their families and need to be
private, not "public knowledge." When is someone going to wake up and realize
this?

Juliette Beer, Clearwater

Judges to confer on runaway convert

Sept. 22, story

Were laws broken?

Conspicuously absent from Michael Kruse's article on Rifqa Bary's trip to
Orlando is any mention of the potential crime that may have taken place.

Blake and Beverly Lorenz had no right to harbor this juvenile under the guise of
protecting her from her parents. If they had concerns regarding Rifqa's safety
they should have reported those concerns to the authorities. Their evangelical
Christian point of view does not give them the right to take the law into their
own hands. Supporting Rifqa's desired conversion to Christianity does not
include hiding her whereabouts from her parents and from the law enforcement
personnel that were searching for her.

What they did was criminal and should be treated as such. Not doing so sets a
dangerous precedent for those who would lure such children away from their
families for less than honorable intentions

Bruce Caplan, Redington Beach

A way forward on cancer care   |   Sept. 14


Help those in clinical trials

I was struck by this article by Sen. Connie Mack and Jill Sumfest of Humana. As
a survivor of leukemia (AML) and the recipient of two allogeneic stem cell
transplants, I agree completely that patient access to clinical trials needs to
be expanded. Because of knowledge gained through clinical trials in the past, I
am alive today, and my two little girls still have their father to kiss them
good night.

If we are ever going to win the war on cancer then patients, doctors,
researchers and insurers need to work together to ensure that the most effective
treatments are available to the patients who need them. This includes clinical
trials. More than half the states have recognized the need to help cancer
patients with routine care costs while enrolled in clinical trials, and Florida
officials need to join them. Floridians deserve that much.

Richard J. Spayde Jr., Tierra Verde


LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            August 13, 2009 Thursday

Letters: El Paso, Massachusetts police forces lauded

BYLINE: El Paso Times Staff

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 765 words


El Paso, Massachusetts police forces lauded

I would like to commend our police Chief Greg Allen for being a true leader of
our great El Paso Police Department, the officers of which do an outstanding job
of helping to keep our city one of the safest in the country.

This is unlike the president of our country and his professor friend who both
have acted totally unprofessional in a recent police investigation/response to a
911 call.

I commend the professionalism of Cambridge, Mass., police Sgt. James Crowley,
who conducted this investigation according to police principles. He was the true
professional.

This case was nothing about racism until the professor and the president threw
racism into the equation. How dare this president! He is a very negative man who
demeans our country in every foreign country he has visited, who demeans our
military by saying he won't talk about victory and who cuts our defense budget,
yet is wasting trillions of dollars elsewhere. And now he demeans law
enforcement.

He continues to prove over and over again he is not a leader. God help America.

Carol J. Mesler
Northeast El Paso

Health-care data

Do some research, letter writer Scott Graves. Health care is the largest segment
of indiscretionary spending for the U.S.

The total Medicare and Medicaid bill for '09 is $632 billion, almost as much as
the entire '09 stimulus package.

If you had a cable bill for $695 a month, would you do something to fix it or
would you call it a falsely generated crisis?

By the way, where were you when the falsely generated Iraq crisis came forth, or
the falsely generated trickle-down economic theory?

President Bush gave $280 billion a year in tax cuts to the wealthiest Americans
and corporations to stimulate growth? Did a great job, didn't it?

Oh, he also borrowed $280 billion a year (mostly from China) to pay for the tax
cuts? It created $1.2 trillion in deficits, plus another trillion in deficits
spent on the Iraq war.

Right now, the U.S. pays $260 billion on interest per year for our huge debts.

Where was your flag-waving then? In support? I'm sure you were, and look where
that philosophy got us.

Daren Reehl
West El Paso

Council's vote

I applaud City Council's vote to extend benefits to all persons (gay or
straight) in committed relationships with city employees.

This is the ethical, honorable, right thing to do. The issue is fairness. Thank
you, City Council.

Mary Caldwell
Upper Valley

Soldier's case

I agree that there is no excuse for drinking and driving. I do not believe in
PTSD because alcohol and drugs are a disease in themselves.

However, I would hope that no military member, active or retired, believes Mr.
Esparza's comment that the trial of the E-6 was not about the military.

Mr. Esparza did not become the district attorney yesterday, or the week before
this trial, and did not choose to take a stand when the hundreds of DWIs have
occurred on his watch resulting in deaths and maiming.

All one has to do is look at Mr. Esparza and see if he continues his stand of
setting the example against the woman with two children in her car, or the
individual with eight previous DWIs, by handling these cases personally.

You see, he is already trying to make excuses for the individual with eight
DWIs.

If he does not personally prosecute all future DWI cases, as setting the
example, then his true colors and statements are shown for what they were --
against the military. This community cannot allow him to not represent them
equally.

Sam Albert
Northeast El Paso

Allegiance question

A July 31 statement by Times columnist Ms. Ouisa Davis: "Now, before you run
under your American flag and speak of the 'noble contributions' of individual
Guard members or sing the praises of the Guard in disaster relief ..."

Given her intent of this statement, as well as her deceitful rhetoric in her
previous columns ("If William Ayers engaged in criminal activity some 30 years
ago, he has since become a model citizen."), it appears she has no allegiance to
our American flag.

So it makes me wonder to what flag does Ms. Davis have allegiance?

David Peña
West El Paso

Ban 'wavers'

The "wavers" are a distraction and irritating to drivers.

These "wavers" stand on the medians and sidewalks with business signs and wave
at us to encourage application for a payday loan, to buy furniture from a store
that is soon to go out of business (yeah, right), and to eat at a restaurant
that has pigs with fur on them outside on the sidewalks to coax diners inside.

Coupled with the stoplight regulars who need a home, food or booze/drugs, I
think they should all be banned.

Jerrilu Mallo
East El Paso

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2009 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            January 8, 2013 Tuesday

How low can reality TV go?

BYLINE: By John Kass

LENGTH: 524 words


I can't believe I'm actually going to type the words "reality TV has hit a new
low."

But it has, with "All My Babies' Mamas."

If you aren't already depressed about American culture and the entertainment
pimps who produce such garbage, check out the saga of the rapper and his 10
former girlfriends and 11 children.

It's scheduled to debut on the Oxygen cable channel this spring. Already there's
an online petition blasting the producers for creating what amounts to a
"minstrel show" - as one blogger called it - stereotypically demeaning blacks,
especially black women.

But the show doesn't demean only black women. It demeans us all.

It stars Atlanta rapper Shawty Lo, whose real name is Carlos Walker. In a
publicity still, he poses with his co-stars, all 10 of his babies' mothers, who
live with him in a fancy mansion in the Atlanta suburbs. His skinny new
girlfriend is as old as his eldest child.

Yes, it's predictable. The women scheme and have catfights for our amusement.
"(S)haring your man with several opinionated women is bound to create issues,"
according to a recent news release.

Here's an issue. There were more than 500 homicide victims in Chicago last year,
most of them minorities. Black and Latino children are gunned down in America's
streets every day by other black and Latino kids. Many of the shooters and the
victims are raised by single mothers or grandmothers. The pathology isn't merely
demeaning, it's deadly. And America is being invited to laugh at it.

The temptation is to engage in some show of racial politics and slam the program
for its depiction of blacks. So I'll play along, too, for a bit, and say that
Mr. Shawty should change his name.

To Stepin Fetchit.

That name belonged to a character created by a black man years ago, a man who
had to play to stereotype, as did so many other black artists. His character was
often terribly frightened of ghosts, and his eyes got big and his knees buckled
before another stereotype, Charlie Chan, told him not to be so scared.

The problem is that "All My Babies' Mamas" isn't fiction. What's dangerous is
that there are bits of reality in it, depressing bits, particularly the
out-of-wedlock parts.

It's easy to decry "All My Babies' Mamas" as racism. But what of
Italian-Americans lampooned on "Jersey Shore" and the ridiculed country folk in
"Buckwild" about the West Virginians?

So what's the next big reality TV hit? They should call it "The Geek."

It won't be about techno-nerds. "The Geek" will rely on the earlier usage of the
word, with illiterate poor living on a dilapidated carnival set. Each week, the
host will dress like a carnie barker and cry out the contestants' names.

Then the players will bite the heads off live rats and so win fame and prizes.

That's what geeks did at the circus. They bit the heads off of live creatures.
And Americans rushed forward with their dimes to see others so debased. It made
them feel better about their own lives.

That's what reality TV is: Land of the Geeks.

And those of us who watch are invited, again and again, to bathe in our own
lowest common denominator.

John Kass is a columnist for the Chicago Tribune.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            January 8, 2013 Tuesday

How low can reality TV go?

BYLINE: By John Kass

LENGTH: 524 words


I can't believe I'm actually going to type the words "reality TV has hit a new
low."

But it has, with "All My Babies' Mamas."

If you aren't already depressed about American culture and the entertainment
pimps who produce such garbage, check out the saga of the rapper and his 10
former girlfriends and 11 children.

It's scheduled to debut on the Oxygen cable channel this spring. Already there's
an online petition blasting the producers for creating what amounts to a
"minstrel show" - as one blogger called it - stereotypically demeaning blacks,
especially black women.

But the show doesn't demean only black women. It demeans us all.

It stars Atlanta rapper Shawty Lo, whose real name is Carlos Walker. In a
publicity still, he poses with his co-stars, all 10 of his babies' mothers, who
live with him in a fancy mansion in the Atlanta suburbs. His skinny new
girlfriend is as old as his eldest child.

Yes, it's predictable. The women scheme and have catfights for our amusement.
"(S)haring your man with several opinionated women is bound to create issues,"
according to a recent news release.

Here's an issue. There were more than 500 homicide victims in Chicago last year,
most of them minorities. Black and Latino children are gunned down in America's
streets every day by other black and Latino kids. Many of the shooters and the
victims are raised by single mothers or grandmothers. The pathology isn't merely
demeaning, it's deadly. And America is being invited to laugh at it.

The temptation is to engage in some show of racial politics and slam the program
for its depiction of blacks. So I'll play along, too, for a bit, and say that
Mr. Shawty should change his name.

To Stepin Fetchit.

That name belonged to a character created by a black man years ago, a man who
had to play to stereotype, as did so many other black artists. His character was
often terribly frightened of ghosts, and his eyes got big and his knees buckled
before another stereotype, Charlie Chan, told him not to be so scared.

The problem is that "All My Babies' Mamas" isn't fiction. What's dangerous is
that there are bits of reality in it, depressing bits, particularly the
out-of-wedlock parts.

It's easy to decry "All My Babies' Mamas" as racism. But what of
Italian-Americans lampooned on "Jersey Shore" and the ridiculed country folk in
"Buckwild" about the West Virginians?

So what's the next big reality TV hit? They should call it "The Geek."

It won't be about techno-nerds. "The Geek" will rely on the earlier usage of the
word, with illiterate poor living on a dilapidated carnival set. Each week, the
host will dress like a carnie barker and cry out the contestants' names.

Then the players will bite the heads off live rats and so win fame and prizes.

That's what geeks did at the circus. They bit the heads off of live creatures.
And Americans rushed forward with their dimes to see others so debased. It made
them feel better about their own lives.

That's what reality TV is: Land of the Geeks.

And those of us who watch are invited, again and again, to bathe in our own
lowest common denominator.

John Kass is a columnist for the Chicago Tribune.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            January 8, 2013 Tuesday

How low can reality TV go?

BYLINE: By John Kass

LENGTH: 524 words


I can't believe I'm actually going to type the words "reality TV has hit a new
low."

But it has, with "All My Babies' Mamas."

If you aren't already depressed about American culture and the entertainment
pimps who produce such garbage, check out the saga of the rapper and his 10
former girlfriends and 11 children.

It's scheduled to debut on the Oxygen cable channel this spring. Already there's
an online petition blasting the producers for creating what amounts to a
"minstrel show" - as one blogger called it - stereotypically demeaning blacks,
especially black women.

But the show doesn't demean only black women. It demeans us all.

It stars Atlanta rapper Shawty Lo, whose real name is Carlos Walker. In a
publicity still, he poses with his co-stars, all 10 of his babies' mothers, who
live with him in a fancy mansion in the Atlanta suburbs. His skinny new
girlfriend is as old as his eldest child.

Yes, it's predictable. The women scheme and have catfights for our amusement.
"(S)haring your man with several opinionated women is bound to create issues,"
according to a recent news release.

Here's an issue. There were more than 500 homicide victims in Chicago last year,
most of them minorities. Black and Latino children are gunned down in America's
streets every day by other black and Latino kids. Many of the shooters and the
victims are raised by single mothers or grandmothers. The pathology isn't merely
demeaning, it's deadly. And America is being invited to laugh at it.

The temptation is to engage in some show of racial politics and slam the program
for its depiction of blacks. So I'll play along, too, for a bit, and say that
Mr. Shawty should change his name.

To Stepin Fetchit.

That name belonged to a character created by a black man years ago, a man who
had to play to stereotype, as did so many other black artists. His character was
often terribly frightened of ghosts, and his eyes got big and his knees buckled
before another stereotype, Charlie Chan, told him not to be so scared.

The problem is that "All My Babies' Mamas" isn't fiction. What's dangerous is
that there are bits of reality in it, depressing bits, particularly the
out-of-wedlock parts.

It's easy to decry "All My Babies' Mamas" as racism. But what of
Italian-Americans lampooned on "Jersey Shore" and the ridiculed country folk in
"Buckwild" about the West Virginians?

So what's the next big reality TV hit? They should call it "The Geek."

It won't be about techno-nerds. "The Geek" will rely on the earlier usage of the
word, with illiterate poor living on a dilapidated carnival set. Each week, the
host will dress like a carnie barker and cry out the contestants' names.

Then the players will bite the heads off live rats and so win fame and prizes.

That's what geeks did at the circus. They bit the heads off of live creatures.
And Americans rushed forward with their dimes to see others so debased. It made
them feel better about their own lives.

That's what reality TV is: Land of the Geeks.

And those of us who watch are invited, again and again, to bathe in our own
lowest common denominator.

John Kass is a columnist for the Chicago Tribune.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            January 8, 2013 Tuesday

How low can reality TV go?

BYLINE: By John Kass

LENGTH: 524 words


I can't believe I'm actually going to type the words "reality TV has hit a new
low."

But it has, with "All My Babies' Mamas."

If you aren't already depressed about American culture and the entertainment
pimps who produce such garbage, check out the saga of the rapper and his 10
former girlfriends and 11 children.

It's scheduled to debut on the Oxygen cable channel this spring. Already there's
an online petition blasting the producers for creating what amounts to a
"minstrel show" - as one blogger called it - stereotypically demeaning blacks,
especially black women.

But the show doesn't demean only black women. It demeans us all.

It stars Atlanta rapper Shawty Lo, whose real name is Carlos Walker. In a
publicity still, he poses with his co-stars, all 10 of his babies' mothers, who
live with him in a fancy mansion in the Atlanta suburbs. His skinny new
girlfriend is as old as his eldest child.

Yes, it's predictable. The women scheme and have catfights for our amusement.
"(S)haring your man with several opinionated women is bound to create issues,"
according to a recent news release.

Here's an issue. There were more than 500 homicide victims in Chicago last year,
most of them minorities. Black and Latino children are gunned down in America's
streets every day by other black and Latino kids. Many of the shooters and the
victims are raised by single mothers or grandmothers. The pathology isn't merely
demeaning, it's deadly. And America is being invited to laugh at it.

The temptation is to engage in some show of racial politics and slam the program
for its depiction of blacks. So I'll play along, too, for a bit, and say that
Mr. Shawty should change his name.

To Stepin Fetchit.

That name belonged to a character created by a black man years ago, a man who
had to play to stereotype, as did so many other black artists. His character was
often terribly frightened of ghosts, and his eyes got big and his knees buckled
before another stereotype, Charlie Chan, told him not to be so scared.

The problem is that "All My Babies' Mamas" isn't fiction. What's dangerous is
that there are bits of reality in it, depressing bits, particularly the
out-of-wedlock parts.

It's easy to decry "All My Babies' Mamas" as racism. But what of
Italian-Americans lampooned on "Jersey Shore" and the ridiculed country folk in
"Buckwild" about the West Virginians?

So what's the next big reality TV hit? They should call it "The Geek."

It won't be about techno-nerds. "The Geek" will rely on the earlier usage of the
word, with illiterate poor living on a dilapidated carnival set. Each week, the
host will dress like a carnie barker and cry out the contestants' names.

Then the players will bite the heads off live rats and so win fame and prizes.

That's what geeks did at the circus. They bit the heads off of live creatures.
And Americans rushed forward with their dimes to see others so debased. It made
them feel better about their own lives.

That's what reality TV is: Land of the Geeks.

And those of us who watch are invited, again and again, to bathe in our own
lowest common denominator.

John Kass is a columnist for the Chicago Tribune.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             January 7, 2013 Monday

How low can reality TV go?

BYLINE: By John Kass

LENGTH: 524 words


I can't believe I'm actually going to type the words "reality TV has hit a new
low."

But it has, with "All My Babies' Mamas."

If you aren't already depressed about American culture and the entertainment
pimps who produce such garbage, check out the saga of the rapper and his 10
former girlfriends and 11 children.

It's scheduled to debut on the Oxygen cable channel this spring. Already there's
an online petition blasting the producers for creating what amounts to a
"minstrel show" - as one blogger called it - stereotypically demeaning blacks,
especially black women.

But the show doesn't demean only black women. It demeans us all.

It stars Atlanta rapper Shawty Lo, whose real name is Carlos Walker. In a
publicity still, he poses with his co-stars, all 10 of his babies' mothers, who
live with him in a fancy mansion in the Atlanta suburbs. His skinny new
girlfriend is as old as his eldest child.

Yes, it's predictable. The women scheme and have catfights for our amusement.
"(S)haring your man with several opinionated women is bound to create issues,"
according to a recent news release.

Here's an issue. There were more than 500 homicide victims in Chicago last year,
most of them minorities. Black and Latino children are gunned down in America's
streets every day by other black and Latino kids. Many of the shooters and the
victims are raised by single mothers or grandmothers. The pathology isn't merely
demeaning, it's deadly. And America is being invited to laugh at it.

The temptation is to engage in some show of racial politics and slam the program
for its depiction of blacks. So I'll play along, too, for a bit, and say that
Mr. Shawty should change his name.

To Stepin Fetchit.

That name belonged to a character created by a black man years ago, a man who
had to play to stereotype, as did so many other black artists. His character was
often terribly frightened of ghosts, and his eyes got big and his knees buckled
before another stereotype, Charlie Chan, told him not to be so scared.

The problem is that "All My Babies' Mamas" isn't fiction. What's dangerous is
that there are bits of reality in it, depressing bits, particularly the
out-of-wedlock parts.

It's easy to decry "All My Babies' Mamas" as racism. But what of
Italian-Americans lampooned on "Jersey Shore" and the ridiculed country folk in
"Buckwild" about the West Virginians?

So what's the next big reality TV hit? They should call it "The Geek."

It won't be about techno-nerds. "The Geek" will rely on the earlier usage of the
word, with illiterate poor living on a dilapidated carnival set. Each week, the
host will dress like a carnie barker and cry out the contestants' names.

Then the players will bite the heads off live rats and so win fame and prizes.

That's what geeks did at the circus. They bit the heads off of live creatures.
And Americans rushed forward with their dimes to see others so debased. It made
them feel better about their own lives.

That's what reality TV is: Land of the Geeks.

And those of us who watch are invited, again and again, to bathe in our own
lowest common denominator.

John Kass is a columnist for the Chicago Tribune.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Business Management Daily

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 9, 2016 Thursday

Act fast to shut down bosses who insult, demean and harass their subordinates

BYLINE: The HR Specialist: Pennsylvania Employment Law, Business Management
Daily

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 591 words


June 09--This article was originally written by The HR Specialist: Pennsylvania
Employment Law for HR Management
[http://www.businessmanagementdaily.com/human-resources/hr-management?affilateid
=Tribune]

Are you hearing complaints that a particular manager is insulting subordinates
to the point where it might be considered harassment? Don't ignore the
situation.

Instead, investigate and fix any problems you find. Otherwise, those insults may
just lead to a nasty lawsuit.

Recent case: For a year, Robert worked as a terminal manager in the Pittsburgh
service center of XGS, a warehousing and shipping company. He was terminated in
October 2014. At the time, he was 50 year old. He alleges he was disabled, with
type 1 diabetes and post-traumatic stress disorder.

Robert's boss, Scott, knew about those disabilities and allegedly made regular
derogatory comments about them and about Robert's age. For example, Robert
claimed that in front of co-workers, Scott called him "Alzheimer's Bob,"
"old-timer," "the old man" and "Senior Citizen Bob." Scott also allegedly told
others that Robert's management style was "old school" and that "the old guard
needs to go."

Robert claimed he was gradually stripped of most of his authority, was excluded
from meetings relevant to his job and forbidden to schedule warehouse employees.

Soon, Scott was allegedly telling others that another employee was "the young
blood that this company is looking for" and "the future of the Pittsburgh
facility." That younger employee was allegedly urged to learn as much as
possible about Robert's job because "it was a young man's game" and Robert
"wouldn't last much longer."

Robert said his supervisor was also hostile to accommodations requests. Scott
often criticized Robert for requesting time away from work in order to go to
doctor's appointments, calling him a "baby" who wouldn't have diabetes if he
took better care of himself.

On one occasion, during a three-hour meeting when Robert needed a short break to
eat because his blood sugar was low, Scott allegedly told him to "stop being a
pussy." Then Scott allegedly refused to allow Robert to retrieve insulin from
the refrigerator.

The stress allegedly led to a hospitalization. When Robert's wife called to
explain that her husband was in the hospital, Scott told her he would have to
take vacation leave for the time off.

When Robert returned to work, he was informed his absence was unexcused and that
he might be terminated.

Robert requested FMLA leave, but he was fired shortly after for allegedly
getting into an argument at work.

Robert sued, alleging that he had been harassed because of his age and
disability and fired for needing and requesting FMLA leave.

The court said he had ample evidence to warrant a trial. (Lambert v. Xpress
Global Systems, No. 15-1451, WD PA, 2016)

Final note: Where there's smoke, there's probably fire. If more than one
employee comes forward with allegations of harassment, investigate. It takes
courage to complain, so isolated reports may mean many more workers are
experiencing the same hostile work environment.

It's far better to discipline the supervisor for inappropriate behavior than to
face a long and costly lawsuit. Think about how a jury would react to hearing
tales of workplace insults, harassment and retaliation.

Copyright 2016 Business Management Daily, a division of Capitol Information
Group, Inc. All rights reserved.

___ (c)2016 Business Management Daily Visit Business Management Daily at
www.businessmanagementdaily.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160609-BMD-Act-fast-to-shut-down-bosses-who-insult-demean
-and-harass-their-subordinates-0609-20160609

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BMD


                                 Copyright 2016


                              23 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            December 9, 2011 Friday

Fewell has no regrets over his fiery words

BYLINE: Paul Schwartz

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 97

LENGTH: 358 words


GIANTS NOTES

Perry Fewell said it. And he doesn't regret it.

One week ago, Fewell, the Giants defensive coordinator, showed a different
public side when he lit into his players for their effort and performance in a
49-24 loss in New Orleans. Fewell accused players of pulling up short on plays,
which is another way of saying they quit on the field.

"When you say, 'Regret anything I said,' I just spoke from the heart,'' Fewell
said yesterday. "I didn't try to demean our players or I didn't try to demean
anything about what we do or how we do it. I just tried to tell the truth, but I
probably shouldn't have said some things I said, but I just spoke from the
heart.''

Fewell's words did not go unheeded, as his defense played with far more passion
in last week's 38-35 loss to the Packers. Not that the defense was great,
allowing 31 points.

"I thought we played with more energy,'' Fewell said. "We played with greater
purpose last week. We look for them to play like that every week.   I think we
proved to ourselves that we can play hard for 60 minutes.''

After missing three consecutive games with a strained hamstring, LB Michael
Boley played 50 snaps against the Packers, but late in the game had to take a
seat and was replaced by Chase Blackburn.

Boley, who said his leg was tired, hasn't practiced this week but said he hopes
to get on the field today and expects to play Sunday night against the Cowboys.

RBs Ahmad Bradshaw (foot) and Brandon Jacobs (hamstring) sat out a second day of
practice, but both are scheduled to work today.

WR Mario Manningham was able to practice for a second straight day, a good sign
for him after he missed the past two games with a swollen knee.

"He looks good, he looks sharp, he looks quick,'' coach Tom Coughlin said.

Defensive end Dave Tollefson returned to practice after he came out of the
Packers game with a knee contusion.   Center David Baas, sidelined with
migraine-type headaches, will be ruled out any day. Linebacker Spencer Paysinger
(hamstring) sat out.   Safety Kenny Phillips (knee) did some running outside,
but did not practice.

paul.schwartz@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            February 4, 2014 Tuesday

Utah's official reason for same-sex ban: Marriages should be about children

BYLINE: By Brooke Adams, Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 769 words


The state of Utah offered a tailored defense of its ban on same-sex marriage in
a brief filed late Monday evening with the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals,
arguing its laws are all about the long-term interests of children.

Utah has chosen a definition of marriage that is "principally a child-centered
institution, one focused first and foremost on the welfare of children rather
than the emotional interests of adults," the state said. "And by reinforcing
that understanding, the state gently encourages parents to routinely sacrifice
their own interests to the legitimate needs and interests of their children."

That definition is not designed to demean other family structures "any more than
giving an 'A' to some students demeans others," the state said.

But redefining marriage in "genderless" terms likely would result in lower
reproductive rates and fewer children being raised in the ideal environment
provided by biological, opposite-sex parents, the state said.

The state filed the 120-page brief at approximately 11:30 p.m., beating its
deadline by 30 minutes.

Seven attorneys, led by newly hired outside counsel Gene C. Schaerr, crafted the
brief.

Attorneys for the three same-sex couples who are challenging Utah's ban have
until Feb. 25 to file a response, and the state's final filing must be submitted
by March 4.

Oral arguments are scheduled for April 10. The three-judge panel that will hear
the case - as well as an appeal from the state of Oklahoma involving a similar
ban - will be picked 10 days before the hearing.

The state argued U.S. District Court Judge Robert J. Shelby's Dec. 20 decision
overturning Amendment 3 misinterpreted legal precedents in two prevailing cases
- one that upheld the right of states to define marriage and, in the United
States v. Windsor case, that the federal government cannot interfere with that
state decision-making authority.

Together, those opinions allow for a "diversity of outcomes" rather than a
"uniform national answer" on marriage rights, the state said.

The state also said Shelby erred in finding same-sex couples sought access to a
fundamental right; that that right is implicit in notions of liberty and
autonomy; that history and tradition were "insufficient reasons" for a ban on
gay marriage; and in comparing Utah's marriage laws to anti-miscegenation laws.

"Anti-miscegenation laws were odious measures that rested on invidious racial
discrimination," the state said. "Defining marriage as the union of one man and
one woman may be controversial in today's political climate, but it is hardly
invidious."

Limiting marriage to one man and one woman, as Utah and 32 other states do,
fulfills a compelling governmental interest rooted in tradition, social science
and religion, the state said.

The attorneys said that while the state endorses no religious beliefs about
marriage, its laws are supported by approximately 20 of the 25 largest faith
communities in Utah who "understand marriage and sexuality as gifts from God"
and primarily designed to bear and raise children.

"These beliefs are tied not only to theology but also to religious and family
practices, deeply and sincerely held personal beliefs, and entire ways of life,"
the state said. "They are not less integral to the dignity and identities of
millions of Utah citizens than plaintiffs' sexual orientation is to them."

Upending that understanding of marriage would create potential for
"religion-related strife," it said, impacting rights of religious organizations
or members to carry out faith-based or business activities.

Governments face a "perennial challenge" to formally link mothers and fathers to
maximize the welfare of children, it said.

"Marriage between the man and woman who create a child provides that essential
link," the state said, and encourages those parents to set aside their own
personal desires for the benefit of their children.

"The district court's ruling rests on a very different understanding of the
principal public purpose and meaning of marriage - one centered on accommodating
adult relationship choices," the state said.

But Utah has "steadfastly" reserved social recognition of marriage for man-woman
marriage "so as to guide as many procreative couples as possible into the
optimal, conjugal childrearing model."

"While other jurisdictions may choose to elevate adult-centric relationships,
Utah has chosen a different course," the state said.

Utah's marriage laws signal "all would-be parents that the state want them to do
their best to ensure that any children they conceive are raised by their
biological mother and father within a stable marital union."

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             June 27, 2013 Thursday

Gay Marriage: The Supremes Speak

BYLINE: The SupremeCourt Justices

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 845 words


In United States v. Windsor, the Supreme Court yesterday ruled that the federal
Defense of Marriage Act, which bans gay marriage, is unconstitutional.

An excerpt from the majority opinion by Justice Anthony Kennedy:

Until recent years, many citizens had not even considered the possibility that
two persons of the same sex might aspire to occupy the same status and dignity
as that of a man and woman in lawful marriage. For marriage between a man and a
woman no doubt had been thought of by most people as essential to the very
definition of that term and to its role and function throughout the history of
civilization.

That belief, for many who long have held it, became even more urgent, more
cherished when challenged. For others, however, came the beginnings of a new
perspective, a new insight . . . The limitation of lawful marriage to
heterosexual couples . . . came to be seen in New York and certain other States
as an unjust exclusion . . .

The State's decision to give this class of [same-sex] persons the right to marry
conferred upon them a dignity and status of immense import . . . This status is
a far-reaching legal acknowledgment of the intimate relationship between two
people, a relationship deemed by the State worthy of dignity . . . equal with
all other marriages. It reflects both the community's considered perspective on
the historical roots of the institution of marriage and its evolving
understanding of the meaning of equality.

DOMA seeks to injure the very class New York seeks to protect . . . The
principal purpose is to impose inequality . . . DOMA undermines both the public
and private significance of state-sanctioned same-sex marriage; for it tells
those couples, and all the world, that their otherwise valid marriages are
unworthy of federal recognition.

This places same-sex couples in an unstable position of being in a second-tier
marriage. The differentiation demeans the couple, whose moral and sexual choices
the Constitution protects . . . and it humiliates tens of thousands of children
now being raised by same-sex couples.


From the dissent by Justice Antonin Scalia:

The majority says the supporters of this Act acted with malice - with the
"purpose" to "disparage and to injure same-sex couples." . . . But to defend
traditional marriage is not to condemn, demean or humiliate those who would
prefer other arrangements . . . To hurl such accusations so casually demeans
this institution. In the majority's judgment, any resistance to its holding is
beyond the pale of reasoned disagreement. To question its high-handed
invalidation of a presumptively valid statute is to act (the majority is sure)
with the purpose to "disparage," "injure," "degrade," "demean" and "humiliate"
our fellow human beings who are homosexual . . .

In the majority's telling, this story is black-and-white: Hate your neighbor or
come along with us. The truth is more complicated. It is hard to admit that
one's political opponents are not monsters, especially in a struggle like this
one, and the challenge in the end proves more than today's Court can handle. Too
bad.

A reminder that the disagreement over something so fundamental as marriage can
still be politically legitimate would have been a fit task for what in earlier
times was called judicial temperament. We might have covered ourselves with
honor today, by promising all sides of this debate that it was theirs to settle
and that we would respect their resolution, We might have let the People decide
. . .

But the Court has cheated both sides, robbing the winners of an honest victory,
and the losers of the peace that comes from a fair defeat. We owed both of them
better.


From the dissent of Justice Samuel Alito, which was partially joined by Justice
Thomas:

What [is sought here] is not the protection of a deeply rooted right but the
recognition of a very new right, and they seek this innovation not from a
legislative body elected by the people but from unelected judges. Faced with
such a request, judges have cause for both caution and humility . . .

In Hollingsworth v. Perry, the Court ruled that the plaintiffs defending
California's Proposition 8 did not have legal standing to do so.

From the majority opinion by Chief Justice John Roberts:

No matter its reasons, the fact that a State thinks a private party should have
standing to seek relief for a generalized grievance cannot override our settled
law to the contrary. . . . States cannot alter that role simply by issuing to
private parties who otherwise lack standing a ticket to the federal courthouse.


From the dissent by Justice Anthony Kennedy:

In the end, what the Court fails to grasp or accept is the basic premise of the
initiative process. And it is this. The essence of democracy is that the right
to make law rests in the people and flows to the government, not the other way
around. Freedom resides first in the people without need of a grant from
government . . . The Court today frustrates that choice . . .

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday
                                Regional Edition

It's not about the bus

BYLINE: Ruth Marcus

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A21

LENGTH: 744 words


Let's get a few things straight about the delay in confirming Loretta Lynch as
attorney general. It's outrageous. It also has nothing to do with her race or
gender.

Contriving prejudice where none exists demeans the importance of fighting
discrimination. And it demeans those who drop such ugly hints.

To wit, Sen. Dick Durbin (D-Ill.), who complained that "the first African
American woman nominated to be attorney general is asked to sit in the back of
the bus when it comes to the Senate calendar" - this after Majority Leader Mitch
McConnell (R-Ky.) held her nomination hostage to action on a stalled human
trafficking bill.

Oh, please. I'm not in the habit of agreeing with Rich Lowry of National Review,
but opposing Lynch is no more race-based than Durbin's own opposition to the
nomination of Condoleezza Rice as secretary of state.

That's not to say that lawmakers are bias-free. This is impossible to prove, but
to watch Attorney General Eric Holder testify before Congress makes me think
that, at times, he is treated with less respect than if he were white.

But relations between Holder and congressional Republicans are badly frayed; it
is in those fraught moments of tension that prejudices, perhaps subconscious,
emerge. There was no such atmosphere during the Lynch hearings.

Same with gender. Hillary Clinton raised the subject last week, tweeting,
"Congressional trifecta against women today: . . . Blocking great nominee, 1st
African American woman AG, for longer than any AG in 30 years . . . "

Please, again. I'd like to see one smidgen of evidence that Lynch's gender is
working against her.

So the Lynch delay is about ideology. But not her ideology - President Obama's.
And the Justice Department's. The case against Lynch is the case against the
president's executive action on immigration  and the fact that Lynch said she
agreed with the Justice Department's analysis of their legality.

Which raises the question: How could Republican senators reasonably expect Lynch
to take a different view? How could they expect Obama to name any nominee who
differed? If they can't, what is the point - other than as a vehicle for
expressing pique - of opposing Lynch?

There's a legitimate argument about whether the president's actions went too
far. I don't blame Republicans for chafing at them or for being frustrated at
their inability to do much in response.

Holding up spending bills in a fit of temper over Obama's immigration moves is
bad for the country and self-destructive. The courts represent an unlikely
avenue of relief. So the Lynch nomination offers one tempting way for
Republicans to vent frustration with what they view as executive overreach.

"The Senate shouldn't confirm any attorney general nominee, from whatever party,
of whatever race, ethnicity or gender identification, who believes the president
can rewrite the nation's laws at will," Lowry wrote in a column for Politico ,
blithely overstating Lynch's (and Obama's) position.

Lowry acknowledged that the ironic result of his approach would be to leave the
much-reviled Holder in place. "But there's no helping that," he added. "The
principle that would be upheld is the Senate not giving its imprimatur to an
attorney general who thinks its lawmaking role is optional."

What about the principle of the Senate deciding that its confirming role is
optional? If senators have a serious problem with the president's selection for
a particular job - if they believe the nominee lacks experience, is
temperamentally unsuited or is ideologically too far outside the mainstream -
they have the constitutional right to reject the choice.

But that's not Republicans' beef with Lynch. Their beef with Lynch is that she
is Obama's nominee and shares his views.

In the end, whenever that finally comes, Lynch appears to have enough Republican
support to squeeze through - perhaps with Vice President Biden casting the
deciding vote. This lets Republicans have their tantrum without being
responsible for the logical consequences of their position.

Last week, McConnell refused to bring up Lynch's nomination while the Senate was
stalemated over a human trafficking bill and abortion politics. This week the
Senate is busying itself debating a budget that will never be put in place. Then
it takes two weeks off.

By which point Lynch's nomination will have languished for more than five
months. Enough. It's long past time for the Senate to do its job, however
grudgingly.

ruthmarcus@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                             August 10, 2008 Sunday
                               FIVE STAR EDITION

BULLIES IN HIGH PLACES;
THOSE WHO MISTREAT THEIR UNDERLINGS, SUCH AS JOHN MCCAIN, SHOULD NOT BE ELECTED
TO REPRESENT OUR VALUES

BYLINE: Jonathan Zimmerman

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. G-1

LENGTH: 1231 words


In November 1986, the Arizona Republican Party held an election night
celebration at a Phoenix hotel to toast its victorious candidates. The marquee
attraction was a two-term congressman named John McCain who had won the Senate
seat vacated by GOP icon Barry Goldwater.

Mr. McCain delivered a rousing speech and then retired to his suite at the
hotel, where he watched a replay of the address on television. But someone had
failed to erect the speaking platform high enough for the 5-foot-9 McCain, so
only part of his face was visible on TV.

That unfortunate someone was Robert Wexler, the 20-something head of Arizona's
Young Republicans and the chief choreographer of the evening's events. A livid
Mr. McCain went back downstairs to look for Mr. Wexler, confronting him in the
hotel ballroom.

"I told you we needed a stage," Mr. McCain screamed, jabbing a finger in Mr.
Wexler's chest. "You incompetent little [expletive]. When I tell you to do
something, you do it."

John McCain's biography is full of episodes like this one. As far back as high
school, his peers nicknamed him "McNasty." He's been known to fling f-bombs at
fellow lawmakers when he doesn't get his way. And in a 2006 poll, Capitol Hill
staffers ranked him as the senator with the "second hottest temper," after Ted
Stevens of Alaska.

Should we care? I think we should.

The most important measure of a human being is the way he or she treats other
people, especially those under his or her power. By many accounts, Mr. McCain
degrades and demeans them. And there's no excuse for it.

He's not the only one, of course. In Congress, abusive behavior towards
underlings is bipartisan. Remember Cynthia McKinney, the ultra-liberal Georgia
representative who struck a Capitol police officer when he tried to stop her at
a security checkpoint?

Ms. McKinney got voted out of office, but most of Congress' bullies are still
going strong. Consider four-term Rep. Anthony Weiner, a rising Democratic star
and a leading candidate to replace Michael Bloomberg next year as mayor of New
York City. When staffers don't measure up to his standards, Mr. Weiner throws
telephones and kicks furniture.

No wonder Mr. Weiner has experienced more office turnover than any other
representative in his state's delegation. Since early 2007, Mr. Weiner has had
three different chiefs of staff. Roughly half of his 20-odd employees have
served for less than a year.

We've all met people like Anthony Weiner; some of us have worked for folks like
them. You don't want a boss who degrades, harangues and humiliates you. So why
would you vote for one?

Here you might reply that public officials are elected to, well, serve the
public. So if their arrogant and domineering style gets staffers to work harder,
it's good for all of us.

But let's leave aside the question of whether this style produces better
results. Even if it did -- and I have my doubts -- it still would be wrong.

Our lawmakers do more than simply make laws; they're supposed to represent us,
in every sense of the word. By electing officials who demean their employees, we
also demean ourselves.

How much does personal virtue matter in public office?

During the impeachment of President Clinton, some of my liberal friends told me
that it didn't matter at all. The president's extramarital affairs bore no
relation to his public duties, so the public should just butt out.

Really? Let's suppose, then, that a president struck his wife instead of simply
cheating on her. Would you still deem his personal behavior irrelevant to the
office?

I don't think you would. And that's because presidents -- more than anybody else
-- serve as symbols of all of us; they embody our deepest beliefs, values and
principles. We would never elect people who did physical harm to those under
their charge. But we continue to elect verbal and emotional bullies, who can do
just as much damage.

This brings us back to John McCain. During the 2000 GOP primaries, operatives
for George W. Bush whispered that Mr. McCain's notorious temper made him a
dangerous choice for president. After all, they said, we don't want a madman
with his finger on the nuclear button.

That's absurd. We have no reason to question Mr. McCain's judgment, which he has
honed over many years of public service. But we have good reason to question his
behavior, especially toward subordinates, which speaks badly of his basic values
-- and of our own. If you don't want bullies in your schools and workplaces,
don't vote to put one in the White House.

NOTABLE BULLIES OF OUR TIMES

* Lyndon Baines Johnson In public, Johnson once called his own press secretary a
"stupid son of a bitch." He required aides to follow him to the bathroom and
take orders while he, um, did his business.

* William O. Douglas A warrior for civil liberties, this Supreme Court justice
was famously dictatorial toward the clerks and secretaries in his own chambers.
"If you hadn't stopped working, you wouldn't be tired," Douglas told one
exhausted aide.

* Harry S. Truman "Give 'em hell, Harry" could really give 'em hell. After a
newspaperman wrote a negative review of a singing performance by Truman's
daughter, the president wrote a savage letter to the "gutter snipe" (Truman's
term): "Someday I hope to meet you. When that happens you'll need a new nose, a
lot of beefsteak for black eyes, and perhaps a supporter below!" Ouch.

* Robert F. Kennedy As attorney general and later as a senator, RFK became
famous -- or infamous -- for his angry outbursts at anyone who got in his way.
Told by a reporter that he was known as "ruthless," Kennedy quipped, "If I find
out who has called me ruthless, I will destroy him." Yuk, yuk.

* Arlen Specter Nicknamed "Snarlin' Arlen," Pennsylvania's own Mr. Specter is
ranked by Hill staffers as the "meanest member" of the Senate. "There are two
kinds of senators: Republicans who don't like Specter and Democrats who don't
like Specter," says one Hill insider.

* Ted Stevens Staffers voted this Alaskan as the senator with the worst temper,
just ahead of John McCain. Mr. Stevens is proud of it. "He doesn't lose his
temper, he uses his temper," Mr. Stevens likes to say (of himself!). This is the
guy who wears the "Incredible Hulk" on his tie. Scary.

* Barbara Mikulski The Maryland senator is only 4 feet 11 inches but she can
dress down her underlings with the best of them. As one former aide put it, Ms.
Mikulski "changes staff like most people change their underwear."

* John Bolton During Mr. Bolton's confirmation hearings for U.S. representative
to the United Nations, one former employee testified that Mr. Bolton had chased
her through a hotel and shoved angry letters under her door. Mr. Bolton
continued to stop by, pounding on the door and shouting threats.

* Charles Schumer Famous for calling his staffers in the middle of the night,
the New York senator works them so hard that one aide regularly took daytime
naps under his desk. When Mr. Schumer found out that a staffer was coming in to
the office at 4:30 a.m., to get some quiet time before the boss came in, Mr.
Schumer started to call him ... at 5 a.m.

* Sheila Jackson Lee This Texas congresswoman calls herself "The Queen," and
expects her staffers to treat her accordingly. But she is an anxious monarch,
questioning her aides' loyalties and once suggesting that a saboteur lurked in
their midst. Like Mr. Schumer, she also likes to call staffers at odd hours.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Jonathan Zimmerman is a professor of education and history at New York
University (jlzimm@aol.com). His latest book, "Small Wonder: The Little Red
Schoolhouse in History and Memory," will be published next year by Yale
University Press.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Sen. Ted Stevens: He doesn't lose his temper, he uses his
temper"

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              28 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            August 15, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Allen Quip Provokes Outrage, Apology;
Name Insults Webb Volunteer

BYLINE: Tim Craig and Michael D. Shear, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A Section; A01

LENGTH: 982 words

DATELINE: RICHMOND Aug. 14


Virginia Sen. George Allen (R) apologized Monday for what his opponent's
campaign said were demeaning and insensitive comments the senator made to a
20-year-old volunteer of Indian descent.

At a campaign rally in southwest Virginia on Friday, Allen repeatedly called a
volunteer for Democrat James Webb "macaca." During the speech in Breaks, near
the Kentucky border, Allen began by saying that he was "going to run this
campaign on positive, constructive ideas" and then pointed at S.R. Sidarth in
the crowd.

"This fellow here, over here with the yellow shirt, macaca, or whatever his name
is. He's with my opponent. He's following us around everywhere. And it's just
great," Allen said, as his supporters began to laugh. After saying that Webb was
raising money in California with a "bunch of Hollywood movie moguls," Allen
said, "Let's give a welcome to macaca, here. Welcome to America and the real
world of Virginia." Allen then began talking about the "war on terror."

Depending on how it is spelled, the word macaca could mean either a monkey that
inhabits the Eastern Hemisphere or a town in South Africa. In some European
cultures, macaca is also considered a racial slur against African immigrants,
according to several Web sites that track ethnic slurs.

"The kid has a name," Webb communications director Kristian Denny Todd said of
Sidarth, a Virginia native who was born in Fairfax County. "This is trying to
demean him, to minimize him as a person."

Todd added that the use of macaca, whatever it means, and the reference
welcoming Sidarth to America were clearly intended to make him uncomfortable.

Reached Monday evening, Allen said that the word had no derogatory meaning for
him and that he was sorry. "I would never want to demean him as an individual. I
do apologize if he's offended by that. That was no way the point."

Asked what macaca means, Allen said: "I don't know what it means." He said the
word sounds similar to "mohawk," a term that his campaign staff had nicknamed
Sidarth because of his haircut. Sidarth said his hairstyle is a mullet  --
tight on top, long in the back.

Allen said that by the comment welcoming him to America, he meant: "Just to the
real world. Get outside the Beltway and get to the real world."

But the apology, which came hours after Allen's campaign manager dismissed the
issue with an expletive and insisted the senator has "nothing to apologize for,"
did little to mollify Webb's campaign or Sidarth, who said he suspects Allen
singled him out because his was the only nonwhite face among about 100
Republican supporters.

"I think he was doing it because he could, and I was the only person of color
there, and it was useful for him in inciting his audience," said Sidarth, who
videotaped the event for the Webb campaign. "I was annoyed he would use my race
in a political context."

Told of Allen's apology, Todd added, "I hope Allen realizes that Virginians come
in all colors."

Allen is running for a second term in the Senate while planning a possible
presidential bid in 2008. Webb, a Vietnam war hero and former Navy secretary
under President Ronald Reagan, is working to derail those plans with an
underfunded campaign based principally on Webb's early opposition to the war in
Iraq.

Virginia Commonwealth University politics professor Robert Holsworth called
Allen's comments a gaffe that probably wouldn't change the Senate race but could
hurt his presidential ambitions.

"This doesn't turn the race around at all," Holsworth said. "But for a guy
running for president, this is likely to be regularly aired this year and maybe
beyond."

House Majority Leader H. Morgan Griffith (R-Salem), who represents southwest
Virginia, said the Webb campaign is just "grabbing for stuff" to gain traction
against Allen. Griffith said he doubts anyone at the rally even picked up on
Allen's use of the word macaca.

"Not many people in southwest Virginia would think it is derogatory," Griffith
said. "I didn't have a clue what it meant, and I doubt Allen did, either."

Sidarth, who is entering his fourth year at the University of Virginia and is an
active Democrat, had been assigned to trail Allen with a video camera to
document his travels and speeches for Webb, a common campaign tactic.

Steve Mukherjee, a spokesman for the Washington chapter of the Association of
Indians in America, said Allen's comments were "hurtful," and he chided the
senator for not being more sensitive.

"The world is so volatile and so delicate," Mukherjee said. "You have to be
careful what you say and how you say it. The U.S. is no longer black and white."

Asked what macaca means, Mukherjee said: "What it means, I don't know. But it's
going to cause him some grief."

It's not the first time Allen has confronted charges of insensitivity to race or
ethnicity from minority leaders and longtime political opponents.

Before he ran for governor in 1993, Allen was criticized for keeping a
Confederate flag in a cabin near his Charlottesville home, part of a collection
of flags, he has said. He stirred controversy as governor by issuing a
proclamation noting the South's celebration of Confederate History Month without
mentioning slavery.

This year, the New Republic magazine published a photo of Allen wearing a
Confederate flag on his lapel during high school.

"It wasn't a racial statement; it was a statement about his rebellious nature,"
said John Reid, Allen's communications director.

Allen campaign manager Dick Wadhams also went on the offensive, accusing Webb of
mailing an anti-Semitic flier during his primary this year that contained a
caricature of Webb's Jewish opponent.

Todd said Wadhams is trying to change the subject. "The flier was never meant to
be anti-Semitic," she said. "That was a charge levied by our opponent at the
time to drive voters away from Jim Webb, much like Allen's trying to do today."

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                              29 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           January 26, 2013 Saturday

Teammates politely disagree with LB's position

BYLINE: Howie Kussoy

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 48

LENGTH: 359 words


OWINGS MILLS, Md. - The Ravens have seen all types of adversity during this
Super Bowl season, including the death of Torrey Smith's brother, former owner
Art Modell's passing, devastating injuries and the firing of their offensive
coordinator near the end of the regular season. But no issue has had the
divisiveness of Brendon Ayanbadejo's promotion of gay marriage rights.

Several players disagree with the linebacker's stance, including safety Bernard
Pollard, but the team has turned a potentially volatile situation into another
example of unity.

"He knows I don't back what he's doing, I don't stand for it, but at the same
time, that doesn't take away from us being teammates." Pollard said. "There's a
lot of guys that disagree. We can all disagree and be perfectly fine. I still
respect him as a man. I'm never going to demean him and he's never going to
demean me.

"Everybody's entitled to their own opinion. B.A. has taken a position to back
everything that's going on there. He's got his thing and I've got mine. We all
still get along."

Ayanbadejo said he has had conversations with many of his teammates about the
subject, but they never have gotten heated. They're the kind of talks coach John
Harbaugh wants, so each player's individuality helps form a uniquely strong
group.

"I have buddies on the team that are opposed to the beliefs that I believe in,
but we still go to dinner and we still hang out with each others' kids,"
Ayanbadejo said. "A lot of people said that lawmakers and politicians need to
look at how the Ravens handle some of their affairs when they disagree with each
other and how we're cordial and we still get along and we're still brothers at
the end of the day and how civil we are about our disagreements.

"I think it makes us stronger. We're on different sides of the fence on some
political issues, but we come here and we fight for each other. It's out of
love."

While Pollard spoke, fullback Vonta Leach echoed the opening scene of the pilot
episode of "The Wire" - another of Baltimore's claims to fame.

"This is America, baby!" Leach yelled. "This is America!"

howard.kussoy@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           January 26, 2013 Saturday

Teammates politely disagree with LB's position

BYLINE: Howie Kussoy

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 48

LENGTH: 359 words


OWINGS MILLS, Md. - The Ravens have seen all types of adversity during this
Super Bowl season, including the death of Torrey Smith's brother, former owner
Art Modell's passing, devastating injuries and the firing of their offensive
coordinator near the end of the regular season. But no issue has had the
divisiveness of Brendon Ayanbadejo's promotion of gay marriage rights.

Several players disagree with the linebacker's stance, including safety Bernard
Pollard, but the team has turned a potentially volatile situation into another
example of unity.

"He knows I don't back what he's doing, I don't stand for it, but at the same
time, that doesn't take away from us being teammates." Pollard said. "There's a
lot of guys that disagree. We can all disagree and be perfectly fine. I still
respect him as a man. I'm never going to demean him and he's never going to
demean me.

"Everybody's entitled to their own opinion. B.A. has taken a position to back
everything that's going on there. He's got his thing and I've got mine. We all
still get along."

Ayanbadejo said he has had conversations with many of his teammates about the
subject, but they never have gotten heated. They're the kind of talks coach John
Harbaugh wants, so each player's individuality helps form a uniquely strong
group.

"I have buddies on the team that are opposed to the beliefs that I believe in,
but we still go to dinner and we still hang out with each others' kids,"
Ayanbadejo said. "A lot of people said that lawmakers and politicians need to
look at how the Ravens handle some of their affairs when they disagree with each
other and how we're cordial and we still get along and we're still brothers at
the end of the day and how civil we are about our disagreements.

"I think it makes us stronger. We're on different sides of the fence on some
political issues, but we come here and we fight for each other. It's out of
love."

While Pollard spoke, fullback Vonta Leach echoed the opening scene of the pilot
episode of "The Wire" - another of Baltimore's claims to fame.

"This is America, baby!" Leach yelled. "This is America!"

howard.kussoy@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           January 9, 2013 Wednesday

John Kass: Reality TV, how deep can it sink

BYLINE: By John Kass

SECTION: OPINION; Columnists

LENGTH: 851 words


I can't believe I'm actually going to type the words "reality TV has hit a new
low."

But it has, with "All My Babies' Mamas."

If you aren't already depressed about American culture and the entertainment
pimps who produce such garbage, check out the saga of the rapper and his 10
former girlfriends and 11 children.

I'm not going to do it. So you'll have to.

It's scheduled to debut on the Oxygen cable channel this spring. Already there's
an online petition blasting the producers for creating what amounts to a
"minstrel show" -- as one blogger called it -- stereotypically demeaning
African-Americans, especially black women.

I understand why the petitioners are angry. But the show doesn't demean only
black women. It demeans us all.

It stars Atlanta rapper Shawty Lo, whose real name is Carlos Walker. In a
publicity still, he poses with his co-stars, all 10 of his babies' mothers, who
live with him in a fancy mansion in the Atlanta suburbs. His skinny new
girlfriend is as old as his eldest child.

Yes, it's predictable. The women scheme and have catfights for our amusement.
And after watching the trailer, I hoped for one thing: That Bill Cosby would
show up on the set, unannounced, with an ax handle and start swinging.

"This bold new series shows every second of the drama-filled lives surrounding a
unique 'modern' family unit, as they navigate their financially and emotionally
connected lives," said a recent news release. "As the household grows, sometimes
so does the dysfunction, leaving the man of the house to split his affection
multiple ways while trying to create order ... sharing your man with several
opinionated women is bound to create issues."

Here's an issue. There were more than 500 homicide victims in Chicago last year,
most of them minorities. Black and Latino children are gunned down in America's
streets every day by other black and Latino kids. Many of the shooters and the
victims are raised by single mothers or grandmothers. The pathology isn't merely
demeaning, it's deadly. And America is being invited to laugh at it.

"I had a lot of girls," says rapper Shawty. "They was in love and, I probably
was too. And it just happened."

It just happened, Mr. Shawty.

The temptation is to engage in some show of racial politics and slam the program
for its depiction of African-Americans. So I'll play along, too, for a bit, and
say that Mr. Shawty should change his name.

To Stepin' Fetchit.

That name belonged to a character created by a black man years ago, a man who
had to play to stereotype, as did so many other black artists. His character was
often terribly frightened of ghosts, and his eyes got big and his knees buckled,
before another stereotype, Charlie Chan, told him not to be so scared.

Lincoln Theodore Monroe Andrew Perry, who created the character, felt he had no
other choice. Yet his Stepin' Fetchit became a touchstone in the civil rights
era, ridiculed because it promoted a negative image. The problem is that "All My
Babies' Mamas" isn't fiction. What's dangerous is that there are bits of reality
in it, depressing bits, particularly the out-of-wedlock parts.

The producers of this show, Liz Gateley and Tony DiSanto, are white. They've
done the eminently forgettable "Paris Hilton's My New BFF." But a much better
reality show would have Liz and Tony in meetings with network executives,
pitching reality TV shows based on stereotypes.

America would love to see this Hollywood reality, and hear how Liz and Tony's
families are so proud of them. Somehow, though, I don't think that show will
make it into production.

It's easy to decry "All My Babies' Mamas" as racism. But what of
Italian-Americans lampooned on "Jersey Shore," and the ridiculed country folk in
"Buckwild" about the West Virginians? They're white. And what of the Beverly
Hills wives showing off their bling, locked in surgically enhanced sexual
combat, so ridiculous, so sad. None of these botoxed cougars have bore Mr.
Shawty's babies, yet.

What does the chunky blond girl called Honey Boo Boo -- who is sold these days
as some kind of new Shirley Temple -- tell us about our culture? To get her
energy level up, the 6-year-old Boo Boo's parents give her a combination of
Mountain Dew and Red Bull. They call it "go-go juice." That's not the Good Ship
Lollipop. That's child abuse.

So what's the next big reality TV hit? They should call it "The Geek."

It won't be about techno-nerds. "The Geek" will rely on the earlier usage of the
word, with illiterate poor living on a dilapidated carnival set. Each week, the
host will dress like a carny barker and cry out the contestants' names.

Then the players will bite the heads off live rats and so win fame and prizes.

That's what geeks did at the circus. They bit the heads off of live creatures.
And Americans rushed forward with their dimes to see others so debased. It made
them feel better about their own lives.

That's what reality TV is: Land of the Geeks.

And those of us who watch are invited, again and again, to bathe in our own
lowest common denominator.

John Kass is a columnist for the Chicago Tribune. His email address
isjskass@tribune.com .

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              July 7, 2013 Sunday
                                 FOURTH EDITION

Trap-neuter-release controversy on cats

SECTION: EVERYDAY; Pg. U3

LENGTH: 448 words


Dear Dr. Fox o There are several points that are continually overlooked by those
who take an anti-Trap-Neuter-Release (TNR) position. Most caregivers of outdoor
cats want nothing more than for each cat to have a loving family of his own. But
if we don't take the first critical step in halting an outdoor cat's ability to
reproduce, we are fighting an uphill battle. The other reality is that "a loving
family of his own" is not possible for every outdoor cat.

While there are times when feral cats can be socialized, it is unrealistic to
expect shelters (or people) to have the resources of space or time to allow for
this. The insistence that caretakers adhere to detailed definitions of
appropriate levels of colony care is not reasonable. If the laws already in
place in so many states were adhered to (licensing of pets, prohibition of cats
roaming at large, illegality of pet abandonment), we would not face this
problem.

The only alternative to TNR is to catch and kill, and that option is never going
to get endorsements from compassionate people. Rounding up and killing healthy
outdoor cats who have become more comfortable with an "alternative lifestyle"
(outdoors with little human contact instead of the social structure we have
tried to define for cats) runs counter to the definition of a civilized society.

People who do not accept feral cats for who they are and the lifestyle they
choose demean them. Those who turn the other way and make no attempt to help
these cats demean them. Caretakers who responsibly practice TNR and respect the
feral cats' distrust of humans but acknowledge their definition of a quality
life are doing anything but demeaning them. - K.L., Virginia Beach, Va.

Dear K.L. o I appreciate your concerns about feral cats and those who oppose
TNVR - Trap-Neuter-Vaccinate-Release. Your argument is convincing from the point
of view of considering "the lifestyle they chose." But these cats have no real
choice in the matter and follow innate survival instincts that include predation
on wildlife. And, when they become sick or injured, they must still fend for
themselves. In my opinion, this is a tragic situation that is caused by
irresponsible people letting their un-neutered cats out and feral cat
populations becoming established. Capturing and euthanizing a few for the
greater good may still be the most humane and ethical response to this
nationwide problem, along with public education and better enforcement of laws
prohibiting owners from allowing their cats to roam free.

Visit Dr. Fox's website at DrFoxVet.com. Send mail to animaldocfox@gmail.com or
to Dr. Michael Fox in care of Universal Uclick, 1130 Walnut Street, Kansas City,
Mo. 64106.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 9, 1982, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

TO DEMEAN A WITNESS DEMEANS JUSTICE

SECTION: Section A; Page 26, Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 237 words


To the Editor:

While I hold no brief for the Rev. Sun Myung Moon, the recent action of District
Judge Richard Owen in refusing to permit a Unification Church adherent to
withdraw a lawsuit against a ''deprogrammer'' who, he claimed, had abducted him,
deserves more than the implicit rebuke of a panel of the Court of Appeals,
which, without opinion, precipitately reversed his ruling from the bench (news
article May 29).

It is obvious that Judge Owen was interested only in continuing the spectacle of
the exposition of Mr. Moon's outlandish religious beliefs, including his
asssertions that he had met and talked with Jesus, Moses and Buddha and had
''the possibility of becoming the real Messiah.'' In order to attain this end,
Judge Owen perverted the applicable law and prevented the plaintiff from
discontinuing the litigation while Mr. Moon was on the stand.

This type of conduct by a Federal judge, supposedly obligated to protect the
constitutional and statutory rights of all who appear before him, is as
dangerous as it is unfortunate and raises serious questions about Judge Owen's
fitness to serve.

To use the enormous powers of this office to degrade a witness in a civil trial,
no matter how deserving of public exposure he may be, is to demean and threaten
not only the judicial process but the lofty social aspirations of the entire
national community.
WILLIAM M. KUNSTLER, New York, May 31, 1982

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              34 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           February 5, 2014 Wednesday

The state of Utah says children are the only purpose of marriage

BYLINE: By Brooke Adams, Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 666 words


The state of Utah offered a tailored defense of its ban on same-sex marriage,
arguing its laws are all about the long-term interests of children.

In a brief filed late Monday evening with the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals,
Utah defined marriage as "principally a child-centered institution, one focused
first and foremost on the welfare of children rather than the emotional
interests of adults," the brief stated.

That definition is not designed to demean other family structures "any more than
giving an 'A' to some students demeans others." But redefining marriage in
"genderless" terms likely would result in lower reproductive rates and fewer
children being raised in the ideal environment provided by biological,
opposite-sex parents, according to the filing.

Attorneys for the three same-sex couples who are challenging Utah's ban on
same-sex marriage have until Feb. 25 to file a response, and the state's final
filing must be submitted by March 4.

The state argued that U.S. District Court Judge Robert J. Shelby's Dec. 20
decision overturning the state's ban on same-sex marriage misinterpreted legal
precedents in two prevailing cases   one that upheld the right of states to
define marriage and, in the United States v. Windsor case, that the federal
government cannot interfere with that state decision-making authority.

The state also said Shelby erred in finding same-sex couples sought access to a
fundamental right; that that right is implicit in notions of liberty and
autonomy; that history and tradition were "insufficient reasons" for a ban on
gay marriage; and in comparing Utah's marriage laws to anti-miscegenation laws.

Limiting marriage to one man and one woman, as Utah and 32 other states do,
fulfills a compelling governmental interest rooted in tradition, social science
and religion, the brief stated.

The attorneys said that while the state endorses no religious beliefs about
marriage, its laws are supported by approximately 20 of the 25 largest faith
communities in Utah who "understand marriage and sexuality as gifts from God"
and primarily designed to bear and raise children.

Upending that understanding of marriage would create the potential for
"religion-related strife," it stated, impacting rights of religious
organizations or members to carry out faith-based or business activities.

Governments face a "perennial challenge" to formally link mothers and fathers to
maximize the welfare of children, it stated.

"Marriage between the man and woman who create a child provides that essential
link," according to the brief, and encourages those parents to set aside their
own personal desires for the benefit of their children.

But Utah has "steadfastly" reserved social recognition of marriage for man-woman
marriage "so as to guide as many procreative couples as possible into the
optimal, conjugal childrearing model."

And that model is working, the brief stated, as reflected by Utah having the
lowest percentage of unwed births in the nation, the highest percentage of
children being raised by both parents and low child-poverty rates.

Redefining marriage to include same-sex couples would "tend to encourage more
parents to raise their existing biological children without the other biological
parent." The state lists six other possible negative outcomes of such a move,
including more out-of-wedlock births; increased divorce rates; increased
nonmarital sexual activity; more children being raised by same-sex parents; make
it difficult to bar other "innovations" such as group marriage; and decreased
interest in marriage.

Utah also has a high birthrate, slightly above the replacement rate. In
comparison, fertility and birthrates are "markedly lower" in nations and states
that have embraced same-sex marriage, the court filing stated.

Oral arguments are scheduled for April 10 in Denver. The three-judge panel that
will hear the case   as well as an appeal from the state of Oklahoma involving a
similar ban   will be picked 10 days before the hearing.

Brooke4Trib

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Protesters are shown during a rally for the opponents for gay marriage
at the Utah State Capitol Tuesday, Jan. 28, 2014, in Salt Lake City.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Sunday News (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            February 2, 2014 Sunday

Coarse Language Pollutes The Mind

BYLINE: Gilbert Peterson / Matters Of Faith

SECTION: P; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 631  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


February is a wonderful month to express love, kindness, appreciation and care
for others, especially to the people we value most. It is a jarring contrast
then, when I come across a much different type of expression on display.
Expletives are seldom kind, caring, or grateful words. I hear them everywhere -
in the grocery store, at a restaurant, even from a hospital bed. Some people
cannot express themselves without coarseness or cursing.

When this is brought to the attention of the speaker they may realize that it is
offensive to others and demeaning to the person they are addressing. Many
people, however, have made foul language an integral part of their speech
patterns. They can't comprehend that others are disgusted by it. Then of course
there are the children who are subjected to such persistent use of swearing that
they pick it up, thinking it is necessary to the art of conversation.

Not only is cursing offensive to God, it also pollutes the mind and atmosphere
of all who hear it. Taking the Lord's name in vain was identified in the Ten
Commandments as a sin specifically offensive to God. I believe one of the
reasons for its prevalent use is that Satan loves to demean the Lord Jesus
Christ in any way possible. The Bible says we are either children of God by
faith in Christ, or children of the devil. Therefore it is not surprising when
those who have not accepted the Lord as savior engage in language that demeans
him.

What surprises me is that many who do this habitually are oblivious to it. They
don't seem to hear what comes out of their mouths. One morning I was eating
breakfast in a local diner when I heard two men nearby swearing in conversation
as if was the most normal and acceptable thing to do. When they began to use the
name of the Lord in vain, I felt it was time to say something and graciously
interrupted them. "I hear you using the name of the Lord Jesus Christ in a very
casual but offensive way. He is my savior and I would appreciate it if you would
consider what you are saying." They quickly apologized and from then on they
were careful to eliminate most of the swearing from their conversation.

I confess I do not interrupt every conversation that includes cursing. However,
when I have to listen to it for an extended period of time I try to kindly let
people know the effect of their speech on those around them.

There is a day coming when all expletives and coarse language will come to an
end. When it does, God's judgment on all of us will be both righteous and
complete. You don't hear much about God's coming judgment these days, even in
church, but the Bible is crystal clear that the day is coming. Trying to
forecast a date when the Lord will return is foolish because only God the Father
knows when that will happen. Jesus will return for those who trust him and the
rest of the world will experience seven years of tribulation. When it ends
Christ will reign on earth for a thousand years and there will be no more coarse
and evil language. What a glorious prospect!

The Bible instructs us to be ready for Christ's return by being wise and careful
in all we do. For example, "Walk in wisdom toward them that are outside,
redeeming the time. Let your speech be always with grace, seasoned with salt,
that you may know how you ought to answer every man." (Colossians 4:5-6)

When I was growing up, my mother and father used to say, "Watch your mouth!" and
"Avoid coarse talk." Those are still good mottos for today's times and people.
Value the name of Jesus and let your conversations be pleasing to the Lord every
day.

Dr. Gilbert A. Peterson, a former president of Lancaster Bible College, is a
management and educational consultant. He also is a correspondent for Lancaster
Newspapers Inc. Email him at gil@leaderslifeandwork.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Gilbert Peterson Matters Of Faith

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             May 31, 2014 Saturday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Roxborough man gets 5-10 years for killing girlfriend's 3-year-old son

BYLINE: By Joseph A. Slobodzian; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; P-com Breaking News; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 571 words


Saying less prison time would "demean" the beating death of a 3-year-old, a
Philadelphia judge sentenced a Roxborough man to five to 10 years in prison
Friday for killing his girlfriend's crying son.

On April 1, a Common Pleas Court jury found Joseph Zysk guilty of involuntary
manslaughter in the Jan. 15, 2011, death of Jason Larkin Jr.

The verdict - the jury deadlocked on a count of third-degree murder - confronted
Judge Linda Carpenter with a discomforting issue in what she called a "highly
sensitive case."

Given that Zysk, 30, a railroad lineman, had no criminal record, state
sentencing guidelines recommended just nine to 16 months in prison.

Carpenter told Zysk and defense attorney Evan T.L. Hughes from the start she
could not impose the recommended sentence.

"A guideline sentence would demean the importance and gravity of what happened,"
she said.

Ninety minutes later, after emotional statements from Zysk's parents and the
families of the dead child, Carpenter imposed the statutory maximum for
involuntary manslaughter involving a child.

Zysk, sporting a mustache and goatee and with his hair closely cropped, spent
the hearing staring at the table with his head hanging. He said nothing before
he was sentenced. He was led from court by deputy sheriffs without turning to
acknowledge his parents or the anguish and anger roiling behind him.

Zysk's father and namesake, Joseph A. Zysk, turned and apologized to Jason's
father and mother and other relatives.

He and Zysk's mother recalled Zysk's childhood and better times.

Jason's maternal grandmother, Mary Pat Finn, described how his death fractured
both families.

"This has created such a void and loss it's hard to imagine how life should have
been," Finn said.

Zysk's legal problems are not over. Because the jury hung on the more serious
murder charge, Assistant District Attorney John O'Neill said he intended to
retry Zysk on that count.

Carpenter tentatively set retrial for Nov. 10.

Although such retrials have occurred, Hughes said he would challenge it as a
violation of the constitutional double jeopardy provision barring trial twice
for the same crime.

The killing occurred in the Roxborough home of Zysk's mother, where he then
lived. That night, Zysk was staying over with his 3-year-old daughter;
girlfriend, Danieala Gonzalez; and Jason.

Gonzalez, 24, and Zysk, drug addicts who met in rehab, had used heroin some
hours before the killing.

Zysk testified that he "thumped" Jason two or three times in the side sometime
between 2 and 3 a.m., frustrated because he was sleepless and the boy would not
stop crying.

An autopsy showed the blows pushed Jason's liver against his spine, cutting the
organ and causing him to bleed to death.

Zysk said he knew he had hurt the 3-foot-tall, 40-pound boy but did not believe
the injury was serious enough to take him to the hospital.

Hughes asked Carpenter for a three- to six-year term, citing Zysk's
rehabilitation. He said that prison time would be enough "to punish him and
protect the community."

O'Neill argued for five to 10 years, adding that Zysk lied to his presentence
investigator and tried to coach his daughter's mother about what to tell the
investigator.

Calling Zysk manipulative and deceptive, O'Neill said the sentence "doesn't get
close to justice, it doesn't get close to what this man did."

jslobodzian@phillynews.com

215-854-2985 @joeslobo

www.inquirer.com/crimeandpunishment


LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           February 9, 2012 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

CNN benches Roland Martin, calling his tweets 'regrettable and offensive'

BYLINE: Lisa De Moraes

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C04

LENGTH: 943 words


After three days of "careful consideration" and increasing pressure, CNN
suspended political contributor Roland Martin for a series of Super Bowl tweets
that GLAAD and other groups condemned as homophobic and promoting anti-LGBT
violence.

"Roland Martin's tweets were regrettable and offensive," CNN said in a statement
Wednesday announcing the suspension. "Language that demeans is inconsistent with
the values and culture of our organization, and is not tolerated. We have been
giving careful consideration to this matter, and Roland will not be appearing on
our air for the time being."

The Time Warner-owned cable news network did not say for how long it had
suspended Martin nor provide any other details. His last appearance came Tuesday
night during CNN's coverage of GOP presidential caucuses in Colorado and
Minnesota and the primary in Missouri.

"CNN today took a strong stand against anti-LGBT violence and language that
demeans any community," the Gay and Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation said.
The National Black Justice Coalition - the largest black LGBT civil-rights
organization - said it was "encouraged by CNN's stance against language that
incites anti-gay violence."

Martin posted his tweets during the Super Bowl on Sunday. That same day, GLAAD
posted an online petition calling for Martin's dismissal from CNN. The petition
has more than 7,500 signatures.

CNN had been feeling heat over Martin since the game, when he tweeted that a
Patriots player shown wearing a pink suit needed "a visit from
#teamwhipdat[expletive]."

Later, during a break in the game, broadcaster NBC aired a black-and-white H&M
commercial featuring David Beckham dressed only in briefs from the soccer star's
"body wear" line. Martin reacted by spewing a series of controversial tweets,
including, most notably:

"If a dude at your Super Bowl party is hyped about David Beckham's H&M underwear
ad, smack the ish out of him! #superbowl."

After that, a Twitter war erupted between Martin and several LGBT activists,
including GLAAD, and Chris Geidner of the Washington LGBT publication Metro
Weekly.

"Advocates of gay bashing have no place at CNN," GLAAD tweeted.

Over a period of time, Martin responded to GLAAD with tweets along the lines of:

"well you're clearly out of touch and clueless with what I tweeted. Way to
assume, but you're way off base."

And: "It's hilarious when idiots . . . see my Beckham tweet as homophobic when I
rip on soccer all of the time."

GLAAD posted its online petition to seeking CNN's dismissal of Martin because,
the group said, his comments were part of a pattern of behavior. Specifically,
GLAAD noted that last June - after "30 Rock" star Tracy Morgan said he would
"stab" his son if he found out the son was gay - Martin defended Morgan, who
later apologized for his comment.

"This isn't a mistake made on Twitter. It's part of a pattern of anti-LGBT
rhetoric that culminated in two tweets yesterday promoting violence towards gay
people," GLAAD said.

In a blog postthat Martin called his "final thoughts" on the Super Bowl tweets,
he said he had been "accused by members of the LGBT community of being
supportive of violence against gays and lesbians and bullying."

"That is furthest from the truth, and I sincerely regret any offense my words
have caused," added Martin, saying that he is "steadfast against bullying" and
that he himself was bullied in school. Martin insisted his tweets were "stated
in jest." "I often make jokes about soccer in the U.S.," he said, "and my crack
about David Beckham's commercial was related to that and not to anyone's
sexuality."

Martin said he was "truly sorry" to "those who construed my comment as being
anti-gay or homophobic or advancing violence."

On Monday evening, GLAAD added a video to its page with the petition calling for
Martin's dismissal. The video shows a young African American man in Atlanta
being attacked while people can be heard screaming anti-gay rants at the victim.

"For some people, this is what 'smacking the ish out of them' can look like,"
GLAAD said.

Final 'House' call

The producers of Fox's "House" announced Wednesday that they will pull the plug
on the doctor drama at the end of this season.

In this way, the producers avoid beating a dead horse. Because in this, its
eighth season, the Hugh Laurie-starring vehicle is averaging only 9 million
viewers. That's compared with, oh, say, the 20 million viewers it clocked in its
third season.

Besides, as Laurie and the creators and executive producers, David Shore and
Katie Jacobs,  noted in their announcement, by April the show will have 177
episodes in the can. That's a larger library of episodes than NBC Universal
needs for the franchise to perform solidly in the syndication world.

Because yes, the aging Fox hit is produced by NBC Universal, owner of the
struggling fourth-place network, NBC.

"The producers have always imagined House as an enigmatic creature; he should
never be the last one to leave the party," the producers noted Wednesday. "How
much better to disappear before the music stops, while there is still some
promise and mystique in the air.

"So, finally, everyone at 'House' will bid farewell to the audience and to each
other with more than a few tears, but also with a deep feeling of gratitude for
the grand adventure they have been privileged to enjoy for the last eight years.
If the show lives on somewhere, with somebody, as a fond memory, then that is a
precious feat, of which we will always be proud."

We'll pause here, while you contemplate how Dr. House would have reacted to this
treacle.

demoraesl@washpost.com

To read Lisa de Moraes's previous columns, go to washingtonpost.com/tvblog.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      March 25, 1991, Monday, City Edition

McDonald campaign prints literature resembling Times

BYLINE: THOMAS C. TOBIN

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 612 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG



Mayoral candidate Dennis McDonald began distributing a 10-page campaign
newspaper Sunday that looks similar to an edition of the St. Petersburg Times
and claims in a headline, "McDonald leads mayor's race."

    McDonald's publication carries the title St. Petersburg Election Special
Edition, which is printed in an ornate type style similar to that used at the
top of each edition of the Times.

    The lookalike paper uses design features similar to those in the Times. It
offers a weather report for today, pro-McDonald editorial cartoons and articles
critical of McDonald's opponent, David Fischer. The election is Tuesday.

    In small type at the bottom of four pages, the publication is labeled a paid
political advertisement.

    Fischer and Times officials said they were concerned.

    "All through the paper it looks like a special edition of the St.
Petersburg Times," Fischer said. "It's a desperation stunt of a man who must
feel that he's losing. So he has to deceive the public under the guise of the
paper who wouldn't endorse him."

    The Times has recommended Fischer.

    "It's a tawdry, shameless exercise in deception," said Neville Green,
managing editor/news at the Times. "It cannot be seen as part of the give and
take of everyday electioneering. Sadly, we are all demeaned by an episode such
as this it demeans the newspaper, it demeans the candidate, and it demeans
politics."

    McDonald said, "It's sort of tawdry the number the Times does on me day in,
day out." He added that his paper plainly states that it is a paid political
advertisement.

    When asked Sunday night whether he had intended to imitate the Times'
design, he declined to comment further and said, "I've got to go. I'm in the
middle of my paper route."

    McDonald campaign manager Bob Walk said volunteers planned to toss about
150,000 copies of the publication on front yards throughout the city Sunday
night.

    Voters will be choosing Tuesday among Fischer, McDonald and eight other
candidates to fill the mayor's job and four council seats.

    The mayor's race is thought to be close. Fischer was the top finisher in the
Feb. 26 primary election with 37.3 percent of the vote.  McDonald finished
second with 30.9 percent. Since then, both have campaigned hard through personal
appearances, mailings and telephone calls.

    The top story on the front page in the McDonald publication starts with
these words: "In a stunning turn-around, Dennis McDonald, who trailed David
Fischer in the primary election February 26th, appears near victory in
tomorrow's Mayor's race."

    That assessment was based on intuition rather than polls, McDonald said.

    The publication also carries reprints of articles on campaign issues from
the Times and the Tampa Tribune.

    On Sunday, Walk said he asked the campaign's attorney whether it would be
legal to insert the McDonald publication into Times' street sales boxes. He said
the attorney strongly advised him to stay away from the boxes.

    Patricia Anderson, an attorney for the newspaper, said she would be "looking
into appropriate legal remedies" today regarding the McDonald publication.

    "While I have not seen this item, it sounds as though it is a transparent
attempt to confuse voters on the eve of the election," Anderson said.

    "Seldom have we seen or heard of such an obvious attempt to deceive the
public, and we do not intend to stand idly by while our design features and
editorial processes are used to subvert the election process," she said.


LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Copies of this 10-page advertisement were
distributed by the campaign of St. Petersburg mayoral candidate Dennis McDonald

                            Times Publishing Company


                              39 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            March 3, 2010 Wednesday

March 4 Readers' letters

BYLINE: From Mercury News readers

SECTION: LETTERS; News; Opinion

LENGTH: 778 words


GOP has history of being anti-labor

Regarding Kentucky Republican Sen. Jim Bunning, and his actions to block
unemployment and COBRA benefits: Is anyone really surprised? After all,
President George W. Bush turned the Department of Labor into a second Commerce
Department under Elaine Chao for eight years. She acted to undermine the Labor
Department's very mission of protecting working stiffs.

At the core of Republican philosophy is long-running contempt for ordinary
workers, whose rights and protections they intentionally mislabel as
"socialist." But if one good thing comes out of this, it will be this clear
picture of how hostile conservatives are to labor, even in painful times like
these.

Bill Murphy

Mountain View

Column demeaning to health system

Scott Herhold's column (Page 1B, Feb. 27) was an insult to our community. Three
times in that column, Herhold referred to Santa Clara Valley Health and Hospital
System as "the Sillen empire." Our county's health and hospital system is not
only vital to the health and well-being of the people of this county but is also
a national model of excellence in public health delivery systems. The Santa
Clara Valley Health and Hospital system is the creation of years of hard work by
many, including some of the best county supervisors this county has had over the
years.

To demean this system is an insult to the institution, the amazing staff who
deliver excellent services, the young doctors of Stanford who are trained at our
hospital and the forward thinking county supervisors who worked hard to create
this critical institution.

Herhold's attempt to demean the efforts of so many by trying to portray it as
one man's narcissism (or power trip) is cheap and unworthy of being published.

Barbara Perzigian

Santa Clara

'Race to top' won't help poorer schools

It appears that Obama's reauthorization of No Child Left Behind has found a new
way to punish struggling schools through competition and coercion. States that
opt out of creating more uniform standards for reading and math may be cut off
from federal aid like Title 1 funds, reserved for our poorest and most needy
students. The $900 million in grants would require firing of administrators,
school closings and reopening as charter schools, despite no persuasive evidence
at this point that charters do any better over the long haul than the schools
they replaced. The jury is still out whether these strategies will create
better-performing schools. I fail to see how our struggling schools will improve
if they have their funding cut when they fail to beat another school in this
"race to the top."

Maritza Dahl

Cupertino

Attendance at the Tech is not down

How can you (Page 1A, March 2) say attendance is falling at the Tech Museum? The
Mercury News proclaims an "18 percent" drop in 2009 but ignores that it was
still 155,000 higher than 2007. The only reason it looks like a drop is because
2008 saw such a massive increase (361,000 to 629,000). You owe them and your
readers an apology for this one. Likewise, 2009 revenue was still higher than
2007, the increase is simply dwarfed by the humongous increase of 2008. If
expenses are a problem, just talk about expenses; don't bolster your view with
misleading headings. Obviously they are doing some fantastic work there, and my
hat is off to them.

Nikoletta Yukich

Santa Cruz

Editorial hit mark on redistricting

The editorial on redistricting (Editorial, March 1) is one of your best ever.
The brazenness and audacity of the named politicians is amazing. It proves that
they do not care about our ill performing government but only about their party
and their positions.

Bob Hayes

San Jose

No gang zones hard to enforce

I would like to know which new laws San Jose City Councilwoman Nora Campos plans
to write and convince the council to pass to give teeth to her proposed new no
gang zones (Page 1B, Feb. 26). I read that she is thinking about gang injunction
zones that authorize police to target gang members. Since gangs are generally
composed of folks with the same ethnicity, it would be politically incorrect to
target them. You really cannot have it both ways. You can either tie a police
officer's hands behind his back while a carful of exempt untouchables motors
past toward some evil destination or you can give police the power to detain and
question people they suspect of being up to no good. It all boils down to this
choice that evades our elected officials.

John Caywood

San Jose

Officers should have been indicted

I was disappointed at the decision to not indict the two San Jose police
officers who beat Phuong Ho while he was unarmed. Let's let a jury decide their
guilt or innocence.

Paul Taylor

San Jose

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           February 9, 2012 Thursday
                                 CITY-C Edition

Sideshow: Roland Martin suspended

BYLINE: By Tirdad Derakhshani; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: FEATURES MAGAZINE; P-com Ent. Entertainment; Pg. C02

LENGTH: 1052 words



CNN has suspended Roland Martin for tweeting "offensive" remarks demeaning gays
on Sunday. Shocking: The cable news network finally decided to do something
after taking a demure three-day time-out.

"Roland Martin's tweets were regrettable and offensive," CNN says in a
statement. "Language that demeans is inconsistent with the values and culture of
our organization, and is not tolerated. We have been giving careful
consideration to this matter, and Roland will not be appearing on our air for
the time being."

Martin mocked David Beckham for posing in his undies for an H&M video ad and
skewered a random male passerby for wearing pink. So, will Roland be paid? Will
he have to go without his supper? How long will the suspension last? No answers.
A rep for gay advocacy org GLAAD, which called Martin out minutes after his
tweets, says, "CNN today took a strong stand against anti-LGBT violence and
language that demeans any community."Ellen: Thanks, J.C. Penney, for having my
back

Gab-show host Ellen DeGeneres on Wednesday thanked J.C. Penney for refusing to
fire her as an advertising mouthpiece despite pressure from conservative groups
who said Ellen's lesbian-ness conflicts with their values.

"I am proud and happy to say that J.C. Penney stuck by their decision to make me
their spokesperson," Ellen said.

"For those of you who are just tuning in for the first time, it's true. I'm gay.
I hope you were sitting down," Ellen joked.

An American Family Association-backed group, One Million Moms, threatened to
call for a national boycott of the chain store if Ellen weren't fired. They
accused the chain of callously trying to increase its consumer base by "jumping
on the pro-gay bandwagon."

Ellen didn't like that comment. "Being gay or pro-gay isn't a bandwagon," she
said. "You don't get a free ride anywhere."

Dusting off them Beach Boys

The Beach Boys, those honey-voiced heroes who made California what it is today,
plan to kink out their wrinkles, dust off their hats, and reunite for a live
performance at the Grammy Awards on Sunday. It'll be their first gig as a band
in 20 years. Brian Wilson, Mike Love, Al Jardine, Bruce Johnston, and David
Marks will join previously announced musical guests Maroon 5 and indie rock band
Foster the People.

Giant to Gisele: Be cute and shut up

"She just needs to continue to be cute and shut up." New York Giants running
back Brandon Jacobs spat that bit of post-feminist enlightenment at Gisele
B&uuml;ndchen in response to her outburst Sunday after her husband Tom Brady's
New England Patriots lost the Super Bowl.

Gisele spewed a profanity-laced attack on Brady's teammates, charging that the
receivers couldn't catch Brady's passes.

Feminist leader Trump: Gisele rocks!

Donald Trump has given a thumbs-up to Gisele's valiant attempts to speak up in a
cruel man's world.

"She's standing up for her man and Gisele didn't do anything wrong," Trump tells
celeb news show Access Hollywood.

"She's standing up for her man and she happened to be right. They were dropping
balls all over the place."

Adele rules, Lana shocks, Cohen rocks

The devils behind Saturday Night Live who mocked her prodigious musical talent
last month have been beat down by Lana Del Rey! Born to Die, the new album from
the "self-styled gangsta Nancy Sinatra," as London's Guardian calls her, has
debuted at No. 2 on the Billboard album charts, selling a whopping 76,000
copies, according to Nielsen SoundScan. First place still belongs to Adele's 21,
which sold 122,000 units on her 19th week in the Top 10.

Genius Canadian bard Leonard Cohen, a celebrated poet and a legendary lover, is
in third place with the debut of Old Ideas, which moved 41,000 copies. It's
Cohen's highest-charting album ever since SoundScan began tracking sales. Not
bad for a 77-year-old geezer.

Adele's silent suffering

Not being able to speak "was really hard. . . . I love talking," British
chanteuse Adele tells Anderson Cooper in a sit-down set to air Sunday on CBS's
60 Minutes. Adele was ordered by doctors to stay off her vocal cords following
her November surgery for throat polyps. Adele got around her problem by
downloading an app on her phone which pronounces words you type.

"But the great thing is I love to swear. Most of [the apps] you can't swear on,
but I found this one app where you can swear, so I'm still really getting my
point across."

Adele, who is up for six Grammys, will sing at the awards show.

C&eacute;zanne canvas sets $$$ record

The government of Qatar laid out $250 million to purchase the last version of
C&eacute;zanne's Card Players in private hands - by far the highest price ever
fetched by a single work of art. According to Vanity Fair, the deal went down
after Greek shipping magnate George Embiricos, owner of the painting, decided
the time had come to sell. He died about a year ago, and the sale was carried
out by his estate.

From about 1890 to 1895, C&eacute;zanne painted five versions of The Card
Players. The largest, and possibly earliest, is owned by the Barnes Foundation,
which will open its new home on the Benjamin Franklin Parkway in May. Of the
three other versions, one is held by the Metropolitan Museum of Art, one by the
Courtauld Institute of Art in London, and one by the Mus&eacute;e d'Orsay in
Paris.

Prior to Qatar's mind-numbing plunge into the art market, the most ever paid for
a painting was the $140 million put down in 2006 by an anonymous buyer for Nov.
5, 1948, by Jackson Pollock. Previous record for C&eacute;zanne? In 1999, an
anonymous buyer shelled out $60.5 million for Rideau, Cruchon et Compotier
(1894).

- Stephan Salisbury

Civil disobedience at the Grammys

Organizers say dozens of Latin jazz, gospel, and blues musicians will mass
outside Sunday's Grammy Awards to protest the kudosfest's decision to cut 31
ethnic and minority musical categories from the awards. This is no faceless mob:
Paul Simon, Carlos Santana, Bonnie Raitt and Bobby Sanabria also have voiced
anger.

Nearly 23,000 people have signed a petition demanding that the Recording Academy
reinstate Grammy awards for Native American and Hawaiian music, and reverse cuts
in categories for Latin Jazz, Gospel, R&B, and Blues.

This article contains information from Inquirer wire services. Contact
"SideShow" at sideshow@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              June 27, 2003 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Breakthrough

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A28

LENGTH: 568 words


IN 1986 THE SUPREME COURT disdainfully described a challenge to a Georgia
anti-sodomy law as asking "whether the Federal Constitution confers a
fundamental right upon homosexuals to engage in sodomy." The answer, the court
ruled then in Bowers v. Hardwick, was decidedly no. Yesterday, in a remarkable
and majestic decision invalidating a Texas anti-sodomy law, the court reversed
course. Fittingly, Justice Anthony M. Kennedy began his opinion by acknowledging
that the court's previous framing of the question disclosed its "own failure to
appreciate the extent of the liberty at stake. To say that the issue in Bowers
was simply the right to engage in certain sexual conduct demeans the claim the
individual put forward, just as it would demean a married couple were it to be
said marriage is simply about the right to have sexual intercourse." The
importance of yesterday's 6 to 3 decision is not simply that the court struck
down an oppressive law. Its decision in Lawrence v. Texas accords respect to
homosexual relationships. It tells legislatures that a majority's opinion about
what is or is not moral cannot justify the state's intrusion into the most
intimate details of people's lives. It suggests that American society has made
progress during the past 17 years.

The constitutional right to privacy is the subject of legitimate legal
controversy. In okaying sodomy prosecutions, however, Bowers rendered privacy
rights simply incoherent: What vision of privacy ensures the right to buy and
use contraceptives, for example, yet permits police to barge into your house and
arrest you for engaging in consensual sexual practices that harm nobody? This is
precisely what happened to John Geddes Lawrence and Tyron Garner in the case
decided yesterday. Houston police were sent to their residence on a bogus tip
that an armed person was "going crazy." Police found no weapons, just the two
men having sex. For this they arrested Messrs. Lawrence and Garner, held them
overnight and charged them with "deviate sexual intercourse . . . with a member
of the same sex." The two were convicted and fined.

Justice Clarence Thomas, a dissenter yesterday, described the Texas law as
"uncommonly silly" and said that as a legislator he would vote to repeal it. But
the statute is worse than silly. It is designed to punish and stigmatize a group
of people who are harming nobody. In states with such laws on the books, even
gays who are not arrested are criminals merely by not abstaining from sex. By
countenancing this state of affairs, Justice Kennedy wrote for himself and four
other justices, Bowers' "continuance as precedent demeans the lives of
homosexual persons." The decision, he wrote in an extraordinary passage, "was
not correct when it was decided, and it is not correct today. It ought not to
remain binding precedent. Bowers v. Hardwick should be and now is overruled."

Texas defended its law as an effort to enshrine traditional morality, but
Justice Kennedy declared that the law "furthers no legitimate state interest
which can justify its intrusion into the personal and private life of the
individual." Law, the court has said in effect, is meant to regulate crime, not
a majoritarian conception of sin. The court's decision represents an enormous
breakthrough in the struggle of gay men and lesbians for what the court at long
last has learned to call "respect for their private lives."

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Washington Post


                              42 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            January 12, 2014 Sunday

Same-sex marriage decisions and 3 attacks on religious freedom

BYLINE: Michael Worley For the Deseret News

LENGTH: 694 words


Thus far, there have been three major religious freedom concerns associated with
the advent of same-sex marriage, be they social or otherwise. The most
frequently discussed concern is when laws require organizations and businesses
to do something that they believe is wrong. A second method of silencing the
religious dissenting voices is a tactic frequently used by courts by stating
either that there is "no rational basis" for laws defining marriage between a
man and a woman or that the sole purpose of such laws is to "demean" gays and
lesbians. The third attack is thus far a social silencing of pro-marriage
speech. This third attack may well become more prominent and stray into legal
attacks on speech because of the logic of the first two attacks.

The first issue has been present since the beginning of the legalization of
same-sex marriage as bakers, photographers and even wedding planners have faced
anti-discrimination lawsuits because of their beliefs. The extent of this first
attack on religious freedom has yet to be fully realized. There have been
attempts to take away the tax-exempt status of the Boy Scouts. This logic could
be extended. Will religious universities that rent housing to married
opposite-sex couples but not married same-sex couples be tax exempt? Will the
tax-exempt status be eliminated for churches? We don't know.

The second issue facing religious freedom is best explained by the Supreme
Court's recent decision on the federal Defense of Marriage Act, United States v.
Windsor. In the decision, the Supreme Court dismissed each rationale presented
by the many litigators without comment other than to say the act lacked any
?legitimate purpose.' This led the court to conclude, as Justice Antonin Scalia
summarized in dissent: "[T]he majority says that the supporters of this Act
acted ... with the ?purpose' ?to disparage and to injure' same-sex couples.' "

This impacts religious freedom because if, in enacting DOMA, Congress had a
purpose to injure and demean same-sex couples, then by extension any person who
believes in man-woman marriage has this purpose as well.

This problem will get worse if the same language in Windsor is used to
invalidate state laws. In the first federal case to rule on a state's same-sex
marriage laws since Windsor, Utah federal Judge Robert Shelby, parroting
Windsor, ruled that Utah's definition of marriage "demean[s] the dignity of
[Utahn] same-sex couples for no rational reason." Telling this demeans Utahns
who voted for Amendment 3.

These two religious freedom issues will ultimately lead to a third attack
becoming much larger, an attack on the right to state one's beliefs. How is this
so? If one is condemned for a belief in the public square, and is told that the
belief is hate speech, it is a small step to say that the speech itself should
go away. The logic will go that, given one cannot treat same-sex marriage
different than opposite-sex marriage in actions in the public square and saying
marriage between a man and a woman "demeans the couple," why should speech in
the public square be protected?

This third attack about religious freedom will be focused on both legal and
societal pressure to change beliefs and silence speech about marriage. Most
attempts thus far have been societal, such as Chick-Fil-A incidents or protests
about Proposition 8. Legally, examples of attacks on belief in other countries
include free speech cases. Likewise, we may have freedom of religion invasions
through free speech invasions.

People will naturally respond the United States constitutional law precludes
entirely this third attack, but many, many Supreme Court cases have been
overturned in light of changes in society. An appeal to "settled Supreme Court
precedent" is naïve without a culture that will support that precedent.

These attacks on religious freedom will continue and combine unless we change a
culture about overly broad anti-discrimination laws and societal condemnation of
those who support man-woman marriage.

Michael Terence Worley is a law student at Brigham Young University. He has
interned with the Marriage Law Foundation and the Becket Fund for Religious
Liberty.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              43 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                             April 28, 2015 Tuesday

Pope Francis and climate change: why Catholic skeptics are so alarmed;
On Tuesday, the Vatican hosted a conference on the moral dimensions of climate
change, and the pope is said to have prepared a major encyclical on the
environment.

BYLINE: Harry Bruinius Staff writer

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 945 words


With Pope Francis poised to issue a full-throated call to address the looming
threats of climate change this year, conservative Catholic skeptics are crying
foul.

The pope has already prepared a major encyclical - or moral guide for the
globe's 1.2 billion Catholics - which later this year will stress the imperative
of addressing human-caused global warming. And on Tuesday, the Pontifical
Academy of Sciences and other organizations hosted a summit at the Vatican
called "Protect the Earth, Dignify Humanity: The Moral Dimensions of Climate
Change and Sustainable Development," billed as a meeting to help strengthen "the
global consensus" on the issue.

Both are parts of the Vatican's increasing efforts to influence this year's
United Nation's Climate Change Conference, which meets in Paris this December
with the goal of getting the nations of the world to establish legally-binding
protocols to protect the climate.

It's the kind of organized effort that sets many conservative skeptics' teeth on
edge. And even though previous popes issued similar teachings on the
environment, Francis has sparked a particularly vocal response. For Catholic
conservatives, both in the US and overseas, Francis's progressive views,
combined with his overwhelming popularity with the laity, represents a challenge
that some critics see as moving from the theological realm to the political. But
there is no question that his voice reaches farther - on this and other social
issues - than his predecessor.

"Francis will get a hearing on this issue that I think the previous popes,
Benedict and John Paul II, did not have," says Bruce Morrill, the Edward A.
Malloy professor of Catholic studies at Vanderbilt University Divinity School in
Nashville, Tenn., who is also a Catholic priest.

Indeed, on Monday, conservative groups held a press conference in Rome to
denounce the pope's stance on the environment.

"You demean the office that you hold and you demean the church whom it is your
sworn duty to protect and defend and advance," said Christopher Monckton, a
former adviser to British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher and a devoted
Catholic who has long been a leader climate skeptic movement. "Stand back and
listen to both sides, and do not take sides in politics," he said, according to
The National Catholic Reporter.

Pope Benedict, who was often called "the Green Pope" during his tenure, issued
similar calls to protect the environment, though criticism was more muted for
the staunchly theologically-conservative pope.

"If we want justice and peace, we must protect the habitat that sustains us,"
Benedict said during the 2010 World Day of Peace. Under his leadership, too, the
Pontifical Academy of Science released a report that urged world leaders to cut
emissions and prepare for the impact of a changing climate, even as Benedict
instituted a number of green initiatives for Vatican City, an independent
country.

But Benedict's staid and cerebral style was far from the populist charisma and
more pastorally-oriented focus of Francis, who is widely adored by the Catholic
laity, both in the US and around the world.

And with Francis's more progressive emphasis on the poor and oppressed around
the world - as well as his shift in pastoral tone toward gay, lesbian, and
divorced Catholics - his pronouncements on the environment could have a much
greater impact, many observers say.

"Francis's moral authority is so overwhelmingly huge throughout the world, and I
think that poses a huge problem for conservatives," says Father Morrill. "And it
poses a dilemma for them - an ironic dilemma, as the old saying goes, how
everybody turns out to be a cafeteria Catholic, picking and choosing what popes
say, and marginalizing others, such as teachings on climate change."

Benedict's edicts about the environment, while criticized, too, never received
the kind of public and press-friendly opposition as the current pontiff, who is
seen as guided by the Holy Spirit, in traditional Catholic teaching.

"The Holy Father is being misled by 'experts' at the United Nations who have
proven unworthy of his trust," Joseph Bast, president of the Heartland
Institute, a libertarian think tank based in Chicago, and one of the organizers
of the press conference denouncing Francis on Monday.

"Humans are not causing a climate crisis on God's Green Earth - in fact, they
are fulfilling their Biblical duty to protect and use it for the benefit of
humanity," Mr. Bast continued in a statement released Monday. "Though Pope
Francis's heart is surely in the right place, he would do his flock and the
world a disservice by putting his moral authority behind the United Nations'
unscientific agenda on the climate," he said in a statement, contradicting the
vast majority of world's climate scientists."

Francis's popularity among Catholics could prove politically difficult for many
Catholic Republicans, including presidential hopefuls Jeb Bush, Chris Christie,
Bobby Jindal, Marco Rubio, and Rick Santorum, most of whom, too, express
skepticism about the science of climate change.

But Francis is planning to emphasize the issue more and more this year before
the UN Conference in Paris.

"For Francis, his uniqueness as an authority resides in the quite remarkable
moral capital he's built up from the start," Morrill says. "People in
governments - and not just Christian and Catholics, but people in the UN and
other bodies - people have made a judgement perceiving his personal moral
authority and wisdom and knowledge of our times. That is what bears the
authority - there's the objective moral authority of the papacy, but this other
authority, I think, that is making all the difference."

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           January 15, 2005 Saturday
                              Correction Appended
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

FUNKY FDNY NICKNAMES ABOUT TO FLAME OUT

BYLINE: BY MELISSA GRACE, OREN YANIV and ALISON GENDAR DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 364 words


SHAMED BY A year of drunken arrests and sexcapades, FDNY brass are pushing to
ban some of the city's more colorful - and outrageous - firehouse nicknames.

The "Happy Hookers" of Engine 227 in Red Hook, Brooklyn, and the notorious
"Animal House" moniker of Engine 75/Ladder 33 in the Bronx are among 31
firehouse mottos that could be scrapped, sources said yesterday.

Fire Department spokesman David Billig confirmed that FDNY honchos were
reviewing all department patches to make sure the nicknames meet department
regulations for content and size.

But firefighters said the decision already had been handed down - slogans on 31
of the city's 358 firehouses would have to go.

Engine 151/Ladder 76 in Tottenville, S.I., where a drunken brawl nearly killed a
firefighter on New Year's Eve 2003, already has ditched its "Southern Comfort"
nickname for the more dignified "South Shore Pride."

The "Animal House" logo in the Bronx has been scrutinized ever since two
firefighters were accused in August of having sex with a groupie inside the
firehouse.

Bronx firefighters said the nickname dates back decades, to when horse-drawn
rigs answered fire calls. But neighbors said its origin no longer matters.

"It demeans the firefighters and it demeans the people who they serve," said
Bronx resident Ronette Jones, 34.

For firehouses untouched by scandal, the fuss seemed foolish.

"We're losing the name we had for years," said a firefighter at the Queens
Hollis station, known as the "Hollis Hogs."

The squad had used the slogan for about 20 years and hadn't thought of a new
nickname yet. Emblems were still up in the firehouse, and on its rigs and
uniforms.

Bill Aduleit, who works near the Red Hook firehouse that will likely lose its
"Happy Hookers" slogan, said he understands the changes.

"But I look at it this way - all I care about is when I call 911 they show up,"
he said.mgrace@nydailynews.com

GRAPHIC TOO HOT TO HANDLE?

Here are some of the fire company nicknames deemed potentially offensive by FDNY
brass:

Hollis Hogs, Engine 301/Ladder 150 in Hollis, Queens

Happy Hookers, Engine 227 in Red Hook, Brooklyn

Harlem Zoo, Engine 59/Ladder 30 in Harlem

Animal House, Engine 75/Ladder 33 in the Bronx

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: January 16, 2005



CORRECTION: A STORY IN Saturday's Daily News about the Fire Department banning
some of the city's more outrageous firehouse nicknames mistakenly identified the
engine company known as the Happy Hookers. Happy Hookers is the nickname of
Engine 279 in Red Hook, Brooklyn. The News regrets the error.

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC;LIST

DOCUMENT-TYPE: CORRECTION

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Daily News, L.P.


                              45 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           August 11, 2004 Wednesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

BUST EX-CON DRIFTER IN GRANNY SLAY

BYLINE: BY MICHELE McPHEE and ADAM NICHOLS DAILY NEWS WRITERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 320 words


A HOMELESS EX-CON with a long rap sheet was arrested yesterday in the beating
death of an 88-year-old grandmother in her Queens home.

Robert Marshall, 25, a Florida drug addict, confessed last night to the brutal
murder of Antoinette Russo last week, police sources said.

"He said she came home and surprised him while he was burglarizing the place," a
police source said.

Marshall allegedly pummeled the frail woman with his fists, bound her hands and
feet, stuffed a gag in her mouth and left her for dead.

She was still gasping for air when cops and her son showed up at the
second-floor apartment in Elmhurst where she lived for 44 years.

"It was one of the worst things I have ever seen. The way he left her, tied up
and barely alive . . . it was terrible," the police source said.

Russo died shortly afterward at Elmhurst Hospital Center.

Marshall, who has served time in Florida and New York on robbery, drugs and
weapons charges, was busted as he walked down the street in Williamsburg,
Brooklyn. He was tracked by a fingerprint he left on a closet door in Russo's
home, police sources said.

"The minute he got into the car, he started crying," said the source.

Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly commended the work of 110th Precinct
detectives who made the arrest. "It was outstanding, professional work by all
involved," Kelly said.

At Russo's funeral yesterday, mourners were urged not to seek vengeance.

"That demeans us and demeans the memory of Antoinette," said the Rev. Joseph
Hoffman. "It would make us no better than those who perpetrated this."

More than 100 friends and family members said goodbye at St. Bartholomew
Catholic Church, where the devout woman worshiped every day.

Her coffin was carried into the church bearing only a small crucifix. Friends
held up candles as the coffin passed them.

Russo's family declined to speak at the funeral, a simple religious ceremony
without flowers.mmcphee@edit.nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SUSANA BATES Pallbearers carry coffin of Antoinette Russo yesterday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Daily News, L.P.


                              46 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           January 28, 2009 Wednesday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

SAPP: BUCS' TITLE PLAYERS' DOING

BYLINE: JOHN ROMANO, Times Sports Columnist

SECTION: SPORTS; SUPER BOWL XLIII; Pg. 6C

LENGTH: 495 words

DATELINE: TAMPA


The uniform is gone, and so are a lot of the pounds he once carried. His turn on
Dancing With the Stars seems to have softened his image, and he is wearing the
smile of a man with no room in his heart for anger.

Then Warren Sapp opens his mouth and, phew, the world seems normal again.

You had around 100 players from Pittsburgh and Arizona at Super Bowl media day
Tuesday, but it was No. 99 who spoke loudest. Now a broadcaster for the NFL
Network and Showtime, Sapp took on the memories of Jon Gruden and Monte Kiffin
and their contributions to Tampa Bay's victory in Super Bowl XXXVII.

The seven-time Pro Bowl defensive tackle did not criticize his former head coach
and defensive coordinator. He just criticized those who would give the coaches
more credit than Sapp believes they deserve.

"We waited our whole lives to get to that game. You're not going to tell me
because the little fella on the sideline is yelling and ranting and raving and
making faces, that's why (Oakland) couldn't move the ball," Sapp said. "That's
why Jerry Rice didn't have a catch until the second half of that game? Don't do
that. Don't demean us. Don't demean that defense and what we did from '96 until
we won the championship. That was giving up 16.02 points a game.

"This is me. I'll defend that."

Sapp, 36, has never been shy about his opinions and he offered them freely. Even
when the answers did not particularly line up with the questions.

When he was asked about how much Pittsburgh's defensive schemes have benefitted
linebacker James Harrison, Sapp segued into a what sounded like a gripe
concerning Kiffin.

"He's over there beating his chest," Sapp said. "You may want to give the
players some credit."

It seems the circumstances of the Super Bowl XLIII opponents have touched a
nerve for Sapp. The discussion of whether Arizona has any advantage because head
coach Ken Whisenhunt was a Pittsburgh assistant is apparently too reminiscent of
Gruden's former association with Oakland six years ago.

"You're going to take a defense that, from 1996 to 2002 when we took the title
home, gave up 16.02 points (and say we won) because my coach used to work there?
Bull----," Sapp said. "You're not going to cheat me and Derrick (Brooks) and all
of us out of what we did that week, that whole year.

"... Don't tell me Jon Gruden walked in here and all of the sudden made magic.
We were a pretty good team. He gave us an offense that could get 20 points, and
he made them accountable for every snap they took. ...

"I'll give him love, but I'm not going to give him credit for winning a
championship."

If he were frugal when it came to giving credit to Gruden and Kiffin, Sapp was
more open to Tony Dungy's accomplishments before the Super Bowl.

"You're talking about Tony forging the steel and the foundation to build a
championship on," Sapp said. "And Gruden coming in when that foundation was good
and rock solid and putting a nice house on top of it with a championship. That
all goes together."

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, BRENDAN FITTERER, Times: Warren Sapp, now working for the NFL
Network, says Jon Gruden and Monte Kiffin get too much credit from some people.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             January 5, 2004 Monday
                                 Final Edition

The Caskets at Dover

SECTION: Editorial; A16

LENGTH: 240 words


Elizabeth L. Robbins ["Dignity Where It's Due," op-ed, Dec. 24] was on target in
her assessment of media coverage of military caskets arriving at Dover Air Force
Base.

As a veteran, I have been disturbed by those who want to use those images to
attack President Bush.

Immanuel Kant said we should never treat fellow humans as a means but always as
an end in themselves. The antiwar crowd is violating this advice, using the
tragedy of the war dead as a means to advance their political ends.

TOM NEVEN

Colorado Springs

*

I disagree with Elizabeth L. Robbins about not allowing the public to see our
finest coming home in flag-draped coffins to Dover Air Force Base. In no way
does showing multiple coffins diminish an individual death; rather it shows a
collective display of comrades, formerly in arms, still comrades in death.

Ms. Robbins said coffins in Dover remind the nation that war kills. I ask, what
is wrong with that?

She said that it demeans soldiers and desensitizes the public to use sacred
remains as a backdrop. How can a dignified, military ceremony demean? Instead of
desensitizing members of the public, I suggest it sensitizes them to the
horrible finality of war.

Maj. Robbins concluded that she is grateful for the ban because our fallen will
not be used in a debate on national policy. I conclude by asking, who better to
be part of the discussion than those who gave the ultimate?

PHILLIP V. KENNY

Colorado Springs

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              48 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                          September 24, 2005 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Hazing a humiliating form of power dynamics: Building team spirit no excuse for
torture, sodomy, even death

BYLINE: William Marsden, CanWest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 848  words

DATELINE: MONTREAL


MONTREAL -- Hockey players at the University of Vermont forced rookies to walk
around naked holding each other's testicles.

Football players at Mephan High School in New York sodomized three rookies with
broomsticks, golf balls and pine cones.

German army recruits were tortured with electric shocks; U.S. Marines tied up
recruits and beat them, and in Russia, over a period of six months, 25 military
recruits were killed and 60 committed suicide during prolonged hazing rituals.

These are only a fraction of the hazing incidents that have been revealed over
the last few years.

Designed to demean and humiliate, they are not much different from the hazing
last month at Montreal's McGill University.

Here, a rookie football player quit the team, claiming he had been sodomized by
veterans wielding a broomstick which they called Dr. Broom.

The event has seared the reputation of one of Canada's oldest and most esteemed
schools, whose football tradition goes back more than a century.

Questions raised include how hazing became part of McGill's football culture,
how veterans could subject their teammates to such brutal and humiliating
rituals and how to stop it.

Hazing, in any form, is a cruel and humiliating initiation ritual that is too
often ingrained in the military and sport cultures of almost every society, say
experts. Both are cultures that often operate outside society's accepted rules
and regulations. Actions and attitudes that are unacceptable and even illegal in
society -- fighting, intimidation, uttering threats -- become part of the fabric
of the often violent sports and military lives.

Experts also agree hazing totally fails in its stated goal of creating team
spirit and cementing the bonds between players. Even apparently innocent hazings
can, over time, develop into rituals that demean and dehumanize people, they
say.

Joe Gervais, the life skills co-ordinator at the University of Vermont, said
justifying hazing as a team-building ritual is simply a "rationalization for the
exercise of power dynamics.

"It's a way to return new members to grub status by putting the first-year guys
in their place."

The University of Vermont hazing incident came to light when a student, who was
a rookie hockey goalie, sued the university. The university hired outside
counsel to investigate the incident, and when the team conspired to lie about
it, the school shut down the hockey program for a year.

The life-skills job was created, and Gervais teaches a mandatory course to all
first-year athletes that includes the subject of hazing.

Jay Johnson, a sports sociologist writing his doctorate on hazing at the
University of Toronto, said hazing "provides an opportunity to perpetuate a
hierarchical structure within the team.

"So if you look at it as a cycle, it educates the newer members on how they can
achieve the power and how they can utilize the power. As rookies, they
essentially have no power. They have been stripped of their identity."

He said it often becomes a self-perpetuating ritual that gets more cruel as time
passes, and once players are in the system, he says, they become part of this
culture.

"They then can utilize that knowledge to construct or add to the entry ritual of
the next year coming in or the year after. They have the whole year to devise
new ways to enhance the ritual. All it really takes is one or two individuals to
say: 'Hey, let's try this, let's try a broom.' "

Veterans who played football at McGill in the 1960s and 1970s said it was never
a part of the school tradition when they played.

Men like Wade Kenny and Skip Kerner, who also played hockey at McGill, said they
never experienced hazing and roundly condemned the practice. Both men blame the
team's coaches, who they believe must have known about the hazing.

Kerner said McGill should cancel the season.

"They should clean house and start over, get rid of the coaching staff. The
students shouldn't have to take the rap."

So if hazing didn't happen 30 years ago at McGill, why now?

"It only takes a few guys to start changing the culture," Johnson said.

"And then it becomes cyclical and the attitude is, 'They did it to me so I'll do
it to them.' "

Wayne Halliday, a sports psychologist at the Universite de Montreal who advises
sports teams on how best to create a positive spirit, said hazing is often more
violent and sexual in rough sports such as hockey and football, where proving
your manhood is viewed as important.

And once hazing has become entrenched, it takes much more than just a
zero-tolerance policy or a warning from the coach to excise it.

"You have to make it socially unacceptable," Gervais said. He noted that the
state of Vermont imposes fines of up to $2,000 for anybody who participates or
simply is a bystander.

Both Halliday and Johnson said it's also important to have a positive
replacement for hazing such as co-operative games that put the whole team on an
equal level and take players into an area outside their sport.

"You want the player to grow as an athlete, as a human being and you want the
team to grow," Halliday said. "And ... you want the sport to grow."

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Jeff Zelevansky; Icon SMI, file; New York Yankees player Hideki
Matsui walks to the bus dressed as a pimp in September 2003 as part of his
rookie hazing before a game against Tampa Bay.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                            January 17, 2012 Tuesday
                                 FINAL Edition

Rich Hofmann: Trying to make sense of Eagles-Giants differences

SECTION: SPORTS; P-com Biggie Sports; Pg. 52

LENGTH: 810 words



FIRST TIM TEBOW lost on Saturday night, then the New York Giants won on Sunday
night. In Philadelphia, there really is no God.

The worst winner of the NFC East in memory, the Giants are nonetheless ticketed
for the NFC Championship Game Sunday at San Francisco after a 37-20 upset of the
Green Bay Packers at Lambeau Field. That nobody saw it coming goes without
saying.

The hardest part is figuring out what it means.

With that, on to the questions.

By the transitive property of sports - which, even though it doesn't work like
the transitive property of mathematics, doesn't prevent it from being invoked
with alacrity - doesn't this mean that the Eagles could just as easily have
found themselves in the NFC Championship Game if they had managed one more win
along the way?

In a word, no.

This isn't about the defense, either. The truth is that the Green Bay offense
just played lousy football, led by quarterback Aaron Rodgers, and that it came
out of nowhere after their 15-1 regular season, and that the Giants had a lot
less to do with it than the Packers did. That isn't to demean the Giants'
defense. It is just what happened.

That failure did, though, provide the Giants with their opening - and
quarterback Eli Manning and the New York offense stormed through it at the end.
You look at the final score and you might forget that it was still a one-score
game with 8 minutes to go - such is how things unraveled for the Packers.

Again, though, the point: If Rodgers is as accurate as normal, if the Packers
don't drop six or eight passes (depending upon who is doing the counting) and
don't turn the ball over four times against a defense that forced only a
middling number of fumbles during the season and showed no hints of being
dominant, it's a total shootout.

In that case, the Giants might not have won it but they would have been in it at
the end - because of Eli. The Eagles and Michael Vick would not necessarily have
been able to take advantage in the same way in 2011. Again, that isn't to demean
anybody. It is just the truth.

Which means, well, what?

People in Philadelphia love to hate Eli, and they love it when he makes That
Face after something goes wrong, and they find it hard to believe that he is an
elite quarterback (mostly because they have seen him look bad often enough over
the years; mostly because they have seen him twice a season since he was a
rookie).

But he is an elite quarterback and this is just another example. The Giants' run
to the Super Bowl in 2007 is public record - you can look it up online and
everything - and this is starting to look eerily similar.

He has thrown six touchdown passes and only one interception in two playoff
games so far this year. His passer rating in the two games is 121.8. There are
only eight quarterbacks in history who have finished a postseason with a better
rating. Eli could make it nine and Tom Brady (137.6 so far this year) could make
it 10.

But that's it. It's a funny list. It includes great names such as Joe Montana,
Bart Starr, Troy Aikman, Kurt Warner and Phil Simms. It also includes Pat Ryan
and Rodney Peete, who threw up a 124.2 for the Eagles in the 1995 playoffs.
Being on the list itself does not transfer elite status.

But to make more than one long playoff run as an underdog . . . to win two
playoff games at Lambeau Field . . . to excel again and again in the moment . .
. put it this way: nobody can consider it a fluke anymore.

But haven't the Giants been legendary gaggers at the end of seasons under coach
Tom Coughlin? What about your "in the moment" business then?

It is a fair question. The Giants should be asking themselves why they aren't
better more often. But that doesn't change the notion that they again are
seizing their opportunity.

Under Andy Reid, the Eagles have been great front-runners (until the NFC
Championship Game, when they have won one out of five times, with three of the
four losses coming as the betting favorite). But they really have made only one
mini underdog run, in 2008, winning as a three-point favorite at Minnesota and
as a four-point underdog at the Giants before coughing it up as the favorite at
Arizona.

Some people are inclined to blame Donovan McNabb, but it is more complicated
than that (including several big defensive failures). For more than a decade
under Reid, the Eagles have continued to search for "it," whatever "it" is. They
have changed everything except the head coach, and they are going to give it one
more shot.

But this can no longer be denied: When Eagles owner Jeffrey Lurie talks about
making the tournament and then anything can happen, he is not talking about his
team. He is talking about the Giants.

That is what this means.

Send email to

hofmanr@phillynews.com, or read his blog, The Idle Rich, at

www.philly.com/TheIdleRich. For recent columns go to

www.philly.com/RichHofmann.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       May 9, 2002 Thursday, Home Edition

READER OPINIONS

BYLINE: DAVID ELMORE, GEORGE KOVACH, WILLIAM A. KING, NANCY BOXILL, CINDY
SEDRAN, CURTIS J. ZANONE, MARGARET RANKIN, KEVIN M. McGEHEE, JANE GOLE, TONY
SKEEN

SOURCE: For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 23A

LENGTH: 1280 words


Atheism: Rational doesn't mean right

I'm glad the editors chose to run the column advocating atheism ("Atheists get
the message: You don't have a prayer," @issue, May 7). The writer, however,
seems to confuse the connection between atheism and reason --- not to mention
his forgetfulness about the mass murderers of history who have been atheists,
including Stalin and Mao.

To be an atheist is not necessarily to be reasonable. It simply means that one
has rejected the silliness of religions. That is a commendable first step in
rationality. But one must apply the mind to all other aspects of life, including
ethics and politics. Otherwise, you create monsters who objectively reject
ghosts and subjectively embrace collectivism and mass murder. DAVID ELMORE,
Marietta

Discard your fear of mythical monsters

Thanks to Gary Sloan for sending a meaningful message. It's a shame that so many
of our citizens and those of other nations are so inclined to do battle and kill
for fear of their gods, rather than enjoy the only life they have.

Every day we see people proclaim how much better their God is than that other
guy's God. We atheists enjoy our lives without fear of mythical monsters. Maybe
that's why the "God-fearing" despise us so much.

One of the most elating times I can remember was the day I finally proclaimed,
with pride, that I am an atheist. What a great world this would be if most
others could do the same. GEORGE KOVACH, Buford

Demeaning nonbelievers demeans nation

Thank you for publishing a positive statement about what we atheists and free
thinkers are going through in this country. Many religious people make the
ludicrous assumption that because we do not believe in their Christian God that
we must be evil people. That is sheer and total nonsense! Many of us lead very
productive lives that benefit the community.

What our castigators do not completely understand is that when they demean us
they also demean themselves, and, by extension, our democracy and republic.
WILLIAM A. KING, Toccoa

Judge whole record at election time

A recent editorial on redistricting in Fulton and Cobb counties asked voters to
remember selected matters at election time ("Redistricting mars Fulton, Cobb,"
@issue, May 1). This is the second time The Atlanta Journal-Constitution has
made this request. I am confident that voters in Fulton's 6th District have a
memory longer than two editorials.

The people in District 6 remember that I support millage rollbacks; advocate for
expanded substance abuse treatment programs; demand tough penalties for those
who prostitute children; and work for improved access to health care for
Atlanta's poor. The voters review my entire record.

Instead of telling voters to have selective memory, on only what the AJC feels
is important, why not encourage voters to educate themselves on all the issues?
NANCY BOXILL Boxill represents Fulton County's 6th District.

Georgia doesn't value technologists' skills

While there's a shortage of radiologic technologists in Georgia, it is important
to know that part of the shortage is due to many registered radiologic
technologists leaving the profession. They leave because Georgia, along with 11
other states, does not require a license for the performance of diagnostic or
therapeutic radiologic examinations. The only requirement for a person to work
in the field of radiology in Georgia is a six-hour radiation safety course.

These non-RTs don't have the knowledge or skills of an educated radiologic
technologist and cannot provide the necessary services to the patient.
Physicians often just accept the images provided and are more concerned with the
economics, rather that the image quality.

If Georgia had valued our skills more highly, perhaps more radiologic
technologists would have remained in the profession. If this disservice can be
corrected, perhaps some will return. CINDY SEDRAN, Atlanta

Real risk managers would help taxpayers

I was outraged after reading the article about schools paying more for property
insurance ("Schools will pay more for coverage," News, May 7). Big Oil isn't the
only bad guy around these days. Shoot, compared with property-casualty insurance
companies, Big Oil is Mother Teresa.

The so-called governmental risk managers give the profession a bad name. They
are nothing more than glorified insurance buyers. A trained monkey can buy
insurance. It takes a creative, skilled individual to be a risk manager.

I wonder if these insurance buyers have ever considered creating a large
unfunded retention in place of insurance, because in one way or another, we, the
taxpayers, will end up paying the bill, replacing exorbitant insurance rates
with an unfunded retention would seem the prudent thing to do.

A skilled risk manager would assume a large chunk of the risk, and aggressively
manage that risk, preventing and reducing losses. CURTIS J. ZANONE, Roswell

Not dangerous?

I can't believe Cameron Helder had the audacity to say that his son Luke was not
dangerous ("Mailbox pipe bomb suspect arrested," News, May 8). Explain that to
the six people injured, allegedly by his pipe bombs! MARGARET RANKIN, Marietta

Palestinians are pawns of others

The Palestinians have every right to feel frustrated and upset. They have every
right to want their own country. But their leaders have abandoned them.

The Palestinians should have shown the Israelis and the world that they were
capable of honesty and just treatment of others and deserved no less for
themselves. Instead, they try to terrorize the Israelis into giving up. They are
again doing the wrong thing.

The Palestinians are the disrespected pawns of the Saudis and Iraqis. In order
to permit the carnage to continue, they propose two classes of terrorists. They
are trying to encourage the idea of "righteous terrorism" as acceptable
behavior.

There is no such thing as "righteous terrorism." JANE GOLE, Atlanta

Caring, not money, key to school success

Regarding the recent editorial on the success of Bethune Elementary School: The
Atlanta Journal-Constitution editorial board just couldn't resist a gratuitous
and unsubstantiated plug for the idea that money spent on schools is the
determining factor in schools' success ("Without excuses, schools succeed,"
@issue, May 8).

What sets Bethune apart from failing schools is not how much money it spends on
its students, but how much commitment its people invest in them.

The insulting claim that many people think poor students are "inherently
unteachable, that they're a lost cause no matter how much money you throw at
them" imputes only the worst possible motives to those who want more evidence of
progress from our public schools before more money is thrown into the hopper. It
isn't that we think these students are unteachable no matter how much money they
get --- it's that money is not the determining variable.  And in fact Bethune
proves this to be true.

But you just couldn't let the story speak for itself, could you? KEVIN M.
McGEHEE, Newnan

'Zero tolerance' makes zero sense

I read with disgust that two students face expulsion from high school because
"weapons" were found in their personal vehicles at school ("Senior suspended
over steak knives," Metro, May 8 and "Machete possession brings arrest," Metro,
May 1).

Both were good students.

Because the local school boards in these locations don't (or won't) use
ordinary, common sense in applying the state's "zero tolerance" law, two good
young men have their lives ruined.

No wonder our schools are nearly last in the nation. TONY SKEEN, Dallas

LOAD-DATE: May 09, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letters

                Copyright 2002 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              51 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             June 27, 2015 Saturday
                                 Met 2 Edition

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 241 words


ALABAMA

ARKANSAS

Kennedy's previous opinions on gay rights

 Romer v. Evans (1996) In a 6-to-3 decision, the court ruled that Amendment 2 to
the Colorado State Constitution forbidding laws protecting gays and lesbians
violated the equal protection clause of the 14th Amendment.

"We must conclude that Amendment 2 classifies homosexuals not to further a
proper legislative end but to make them unequal to everyone else. This Colorado
cannot do," Kennedy wrote in the opinion.

Lawrence v. Texas (2003)  The Court voted 6 to 3 that Texas's "Homosexual
Conduct" law, which criminalized sodomy, violated the due process clause of the
14th Amendment.

"The petitioners are entitled to respect for their private lives. The State
cannot demean their existence or control their destiny by making their private
sexual conduct a crime," Kennedy wrote in the opinion.

United States v. Windsor (2013)  The court ruled 5 to 4 that a key section of
the Defense of Marriage Act, which denied federal benefits to legally married
gay and lesbian couples, was unconstitutional.

"DOMA . . . tells those couples, and all the world, that their otherwise valid
marriages are unworthy of federal recognition. This places same-sex couples in
an unstable position of being in a second-tier marriage. The differentiation
demeans the couple, whose moral and sexual choices the Constitution protects,"
Kennedy wrote in the opinion.

Sources: Supreme Court opinions and the Oyez Project

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                          September 24, 2005 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Hazing a humiliating form of power dynamics: Building team spirit no excuse for
torture, sodomy, even death

BYLINE: William Marsden, CanWest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 848  words

DATELINE: MONTREAL


MONTREAL -- Hockey players at the University of Vermont forced rookies to walk
around naked holding each other's testicles.

Football players at Mephan High School in New York sodomized three rookies with
broomsticks, golf balls and pine cones.

German army recruits were tortured with electric shocks; U.S. Marines tied up
recruits and beat them, and in Russia, over a period of six months, 25 military
recruits were killed and 60 committed suicide during prolonged hazing rituals.

These are only a fraction of the hazing incidents that have been revealed over
the last few years.

Designed to demean and humiliate, they are not much different from the hazing
last month at Montreal's McGill University.

Here, a rookie football player quit the team, claiming he had been sodomized by
veterans wielding a broomstick which they called Dr. Broom.

The event has seared the reputation of one of Canada's oldest and most esteemed
schools, whose football tradition goes back more than a century.

Questions raised include how hazing became part of McGill's football culture,
how veterans could subject their teammates to such brutal and humiliating
rituals and how to stop it.

Hazing, in any form, is a cruel and humiliating initiation ritual that is too
often ingrained in the military and sport cultures of almost every society, say
experts. Both are cultures that often operate outside society's accepted rules
and regulations. Actions and attitudes that are unacceptable and even illegal in
society -- fighting, intimidation, uttering threats -- become part of the fabric
of the often violent sports and military lives.

Experts also agree hazing totally fails in its stated goal of creating team
spirit and cementing the bonds between players. Even apparently innocent hazings
can, over time, develop into rituals that demean and dehumanize people, they
say.

Joe Gervais, the life skills co-ordinator at the University of Vermont, said
justifying hazing as a team-building ritual is simply a "rationalization for the
exercise of power dynamics.

"It's a way to return new members to grub status by putting the first-year guys
in their place."

The University of Vermont hazing incident came to light when a student, who was
a rookie hockey goalie, sued the university. The university hired outside
counsel to investigate the incident, and when the team conspired to lie about
it, the school shut down the hockey program for a year.

The life-skills job was created, and Gervais teaches a mandatory course to all
first-year athletes that includes the subject of hazing.

Jay Johnson, a sports sociologist writing his doctorate on hazing at the
University of Toronto, said hazing "provides an opportunity to perpetuate a
hierarchical structure within the team.

"So if you look at it as a cycle, it educates the newer members on how they can
achieve the power and how they can utilize the power. As rookies, they
essentially have no power. They have been stripped of their identity."

He said it often becomes a self-perpetuating ritual that gets more cruel as time
passes, and once players are in the system, he says, they become part of this
culture.

"They then can utilize that knowledge to construct or add to the entry ritual of
the next year coming in or the year after. They have the whole year to devise
new ways to enhance the ritual. All it really takes is one or two individuals to
say: 'Hey, let's try this, let's try a broom.' "

Veterans who played football at McGill in the 1960s and 1970s said it was never
a part of the school tradition when they played.

Men like Wade Kenny and Skip Kerner, who also played hockey at McGill, said they
never experienced hazing and roundly condemned the practice. Both men blame the
team's coaches, who they believe must have known about the hazing.

Kerner said McGill should cancel the season.

"They should clean house and start over, get rid of the coaching staff. The
students shouldn't have to take the rap."

So if hazing didn't happen 30 years ago at McGill, why now?

"It only takes a few guys to start changing the culture," Johnson said.

"And then it becomes cyclical and the attitude is, 'They did it to me so I'll do
it to them.' "

Wayne Halliday, a sports psychologist at the Universite de Montreal who advises
sports teams on how best to create a positive spirit, said hazing is often more
violent and sexual in rough sports such as hockey and football, where proving
your manhood is viewed as important.

And once hazing has become entrenched, it takes much more than just a
zero-tolerance policy or a warning from the coach to excise it.

"You have to make it socially unacceptable," Gervais said. He noted that the
state of Vermont imposes fines of up to $2,000 for anybody who participates or
simply is a bystander.

Both Halliday and Johnson said it's also important to have a positive
replacement for hazing such as co-operative games that put the whole team on an
equal level and take players into an area outside their sport.

"You want the player to grow as an athlete, as a human being and you want the
team to grow," Halliday said. "And ... you want the sport to grow."

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Icon SMI, file; New York Yankees player Hideki Matsui walks to the
bus dressed as a pimp in September 2003 as part of his rookie hazing before a
game against Tampa Bay. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News; Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2005 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           November 2, 2006 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Center Is No Longer So Safe For Connecticut Republican

BYLINE: By RAYMOND HERNANDEZ

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; ELECTIONS 2006: Obstacles and
Consequences; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1135 words

DATELINE: FAIRFIELD, Conn., Oct. 30


National Republicans have been blanketing the Fourth Congressional District with
fliers portraying Diane G. Farrell, the Democratic candidate for Congress, as a
high-taxing, big-spending liberal who might go easy on terrorists.

''Diane Farrell: Coffee talk with the Taliban,'' one flier says.

But some of the harshest criticism of the fliers has come not from the Democrats
but from the Republican who is supposed to benefit from them: Representative
Christopher Shays, who has denounced the literature as ''dumb and a waste of
money.''

''You wonder what kind of idiot would have thought that would help me,'' Mr.
Shays said in a recent interview. ''It demeans my constituency and it demeans
me. It doesn't hurt her. It hurts me.''

His reaction underlines the tensions that have long existed between Mr. Shays, a
centrist Republican, and the national leadership of the Republican Party, which
is dominated by conservatives in other regions of the country. For years, Mr.
Shays, a nine-term incumbent, has differed with party leaders on crucial issues
like campaign finance, abortion rights, gun control, stem-cell research and oil
drilling in Alaska.

As a self-styled ethics watchdog, he has not hesitated to criticize fellow
Republicans who become embroiled in scandal.

But it is unclear whether any of that is helping Mr. Shays now. At every turn,
Mrs. Farrell, 51, a former selectwoman from Westport, has tried to tie him to
the national Republican Party and its troubles, from the war in Iraq to the Mark
Foley scandal to President Bush and his low approval ratings. Experts in both
parties consider the race a tossup.

In many respects, the race in this swath of southwestern Connecticut illustrates
the challenges moderate Republicans across the heavily Democratic Northeast are
facing as the midterm election enters its final weekend. Two other moderate
Connecticut Republicans, Representatives Nancy L. Johnson and Rob Simmons, are
also in tight races.

Mr. Shays, 61, is an amiable and popular figure who has not been tarnished by
scandal and has a reputation for delivering for his district. But in one of the
clearest examples of how national issues have affected local races this year, he
has had to campaign furiously to stay even with his challenger.

He spends every weekend meeting with constituents. He has distributed thousands
of copies of a 54-page booklet summarizing, among other things, the federal aid
he has secured for the district, his legislative accomplishments and his voting
record. He has even proposed a timetable for troop withdrawal from Iraq after
having been a strong supporter of the war, a move Mrs. Farrell dismisses as a
desperate election-year maneuver.

Perhaps more important, Mr. Shays has stressed his independence from his own
party and argued that Congress would be a much more polarized place without
centrists like himself. ''The bottom line is you will have people reaching less
across the political divide,'' he said.

But his efforts have not shielded him from the relentless attacks leveled by
Mrs. Farrell, who warns that the re-election of Mr. Shays will almost certainly
help ensure the continuation of a Republican majority in Washington that she
says has led the nation into war and skyrocketing deficits, among other
problems.

Even Mr. Shays has a sense of resignation when talking about his future. ''This
is a race I could win or lose,'' he said during an interview in between campaign
appearances.

Other moderate Republicans from the Northeast have found themselves in a similar
political bind. Once able to boast about their ability to work across party
lines, many are now on the defensive as Democratic challengers argue that these
incumbents are largely irrelevant in a party controlled by hard-edged
conservatives with little appetite for compromise.

Nowhere has the debate about the political value of moderate Republicans been
more evident than in Connecticut's Fourth District, where Mrs. Farrell is asking
voters to question just how independent Mr. Shays is, given that he voted to
install the Republican leadership team in the House.

''If you want to talk about a true independent, then elect me,'' Mrs. Farrell
said after meeting with supporters at a fire station in Stamford. ''I will be
voting for a leadership team that will change the outcome.''

Mrs. Farrell, a buoyant presence and an energetic campaigner, has argued for a
negotiated settlement among the warring factions in Iraq and has even called for
a partitioning of the country if necessary.

She has also said that Congress must hold the Bush administration more
accountable for its handling of the war, and she wants to require pharmaceutical
companies to reduce the cost of prescription drugs for elderly people
participating in the Medicare program.

But Mr. Shays has moved swiftly to respond to the criticism, including proposing
a timetable for a withdrawal of troops from Iraq after having once criticized
such a timetable as foolish.

Mr. Shays has also closely aligned himself with Senator Joseph I. Lieberman, a
centrist Democrat whose support for the war led him to lose his party's
nomination in the Connecticut primary this August. Ned Lamont, an antiwar
Democrat, defeated Mr. Lieberman, who is running as an independent and is ahead
in most polls.

Mr. Shays, who says he will vote for Mr. Lieberman on Election Day, argues that
both he and the senator are the focus of attacks by the most partisan elements
of the Democratic Party, a message clearly aimed at moderate voters in the
general election.

''This is a huge election about whether or not people like Joe Lieberman and I
are there reaching across the political divide,'' said Mr. Shays, who has
attacked Mrs. Farrell for supporting tax increases and what he calls excessive
spending as the first selectwoman of Westport.

The race has attracted national interest. The Republican and the Democratic
Congressional re-election committees have spent $2.5 million on advertising.
That is in addition to the roughly $5 million combined that Mr. Shays and Mrs.
Farrell reported in their latest finance disclosure statements, at the end of
September.

In the end, the race appears likely to hinge on large numbers of undecided
voters like Allan Stewart, a 75-year-old retired corporate executive from
Southport who voted for Mr. Shays in 2004, when the congressman defeated Mrs.
Farrell 52 percent to 48 percent.

This time, Mr. Stewart said he is not sure he will vote for Mr. Shays, who he
said would have an impressive record if not for his support for the war in Iraq.

''I'm one of those moderates standing in the middle asking, 'What do I do?' ''
Mr. Stewart, a Republican, said Monday while attending a luncheon at the
Gaelic-American Club in Fairfield, as Mr. Shays was working the room.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Christopher Shays yesterday in Norwalk. For years, Mr. Shays, a
nine-term incumbent, has differed with the Republican Party on crucial issues.
(Photo by Robert F. Bukaty/Associated Press)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              54 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                              April 1, 2007 Sunday

Savior's triumph over death called gift to all

BYLINE: Twila Van Leer Deseret Morning News

LENGTH: 890 words


The realization that death must visit every human can be tempered with the
comforting knowledge that through the Savior's atonement, life will continue
beyond the grave, members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
(Mormon) were told Saturday morning.

Speaking from the Conference Center, President Thomas S. Monson, first counselor
in the First Presidency of the church, said Jesus Christ offers assurance of a
universal triumph over death. Tens of thousands of faithful Latter-day Saints
gathered in meeting places on or adjacent to Temple Square in downtown Salt Lake
City to hear church leaders speak on gospel topics during the opening session of
the 177th Annual General Conference of the church. Millions more received the
conference proceedings via satellite in many parts of the world or on the
Internet.

The Easter story recounts "the most significant event in recorded history,"
President Monson said. "The empty tomb that first Easter morning brought
comforting assurance, an affirmative answer to Job's question, 'If a man die,
shall he live again?'

"Through tears and trials, through fears and sorrows, through the heartache and
loneliness of losing loved ones, there is assurance that life is everlasting.
Our Lord and Savior is the living witness that such is so."

Elder Jeffrey R. Holland of the Council of the Twelve offered a resounding
condemnation of using the spoken word to hurt or demean another.

"Like all gifts that come from above, words are sacred and must be spoken with
care and by constraint of the spirit," said Elder Holland. Cruelly spoken, words
can cause more devastation than weapons.

"The voice that bears profound testimony, utters fervent prayers and sings the
hymns of Zion can be the same voice that berates and criticizes, embarrasses and
demeans, inflicts pain and destroys the spirit of oneself and of others in the
process."

Elder Holland enjoined husbands to refrain from hateful words to their wives,
and wives to keep their tongues bridled. He urged all adults to avoid words that
can permanently damage children. He ranked verbal and emotional abuse with
physical and sexual abuse, which are blatantly condemned by the church. Children
should never be criticized or negatively compared with others, he said.

"Praise each child individually for what that child is and help him or her
escape our culture's obsession with comparing, competing and never feeling we
are 'enough."'

Elder Holland suggested that negative speaking springs from negative thinking,
which is contrary to the spirit of the gospel.

"Speak hopefully, speak encouragingly, including about yourself. Try not to
complain and moan incessantly.... Our words, like our deeds, should be filled
with faith and hope and charity, the three great Christian imperatives so
desperately needed in the world today." Kind words, spoken under the influence
of the spirit, can dry tears, heal hearts, elevate lives, give hope and allow
confidence to prevail, he said.

The power of prayer was the theme of Elder Richard G. Scott of the Council of
the Twelve. It is an avenue open to all, regardless of status and circumstances
or even spiritual worthiness, and answers to sincere prayer are assured.

In his discourse, Elder Scott outlined ways in which answers to prayers may come
to an individual, the most common being a "feeling" that either confirms the
desired answer or causes a discomfort that says the answer being considered is
not correct.

Church President Gordon B. Hinckley told male members that the progress and
growth of the church during his 12-year administration "can be but prologue to a
greater future," during the Saturday evening priesthood session.

He referred to consistent, impressive growth in the number of missionaries who
spread the gospel message, convert baptisms, sacrament meeting attendance,
priesthood ordinations and payment of tithes.

To maintain the momentum, he said, borrowing from a church hymn, "Let us all put
our shoulders to the wheel and push along, do our duty with a heart full of
song."

President Hinckley also had strong words for the young men of the church, to
remain morally and physically clean. "In a world that wallows in filth, be clean
in language, in thought, in body, in dress." The current trend toward "filthy,
sleazy talk" should be avoided by those in the church, he said. "Failure to
express yourself in language that is clean marks you as one whose vocabulary is
extremely limited."

Sloppy dress leads to sloppy manners, he said, and a filthy mind expresses
itself in filthy and profane language. "A clean mind expresses itself in
language that is positive and uplifting and in deeds that bring happiness to the
heart."

President Hinckley reiterated the church's stand against tattoos, warning young
men if they allow their skin to be permanently marked in such a way, "some day
you will regret it."

He also alluded to the degrading thoughts and actions that can be inspired by
unwise use of computers. "Suffice it to say that it is totally unbecoming you as
one who holds the priesthood of God. You are his chosen servant, you have been
ordained to something holy and wonderful. You cannot live in the world and
partake of the ways of the world. You must be above all of that."

The conference will continue today with sessions at 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. E-mail:
tvanleer@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              55 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly

                            April 1, 2015 Wednesday

Constitutional - MBTA - Advertising - Disparagement

BYLINE: Tom Egan

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1820  words


Where a request by plaintiffs to run a paid advertisement on a defendant transit
system's vehicles and stations was denied, the plaintiffs' right to free speech
was not infringed by the enforcement of the defendant's policy restricting
displays that 'demean or disparage' individuals or groups.

A judgment for the defendant is accordingly affirmed.

'Savage' terminology

"These consolidated appeals require us to decide whether the First Amendment
permits the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority ('MBTA') to refuse to
display a pair of paid, private advertisements on the trains, buses, and transit
stations that the MBTA operates. Many circuits and district courts have
addressed the First Amendment issues that public transit authority advertising
policies raise. We set forth our approach most recently and most thoroughly in
Ridley v. Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority, 390 F.3d 65 (1st Cir.
2004).

"In that case, we considered a free speech challenge to the same aspect of the
MBTA's advertising policy at issue in these appeals: the restriction on the
display of advertisements that 'demean or disparage' individuals or groups. And,
as in Ridley, we again conclude that this restriction does not violate the First
Amendment, either on its face or as it was applied. We thus affirm the District
Court, which reached that same conclusion with respect to the MBTA's refusal to
run the two advertisements at issue here, each of which concerns a highly
charged issue -- the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. ...

"... (T]he MBTA's advertising program is a nonpublic forum. The MBTA may
therefore restrict the content of the advertisements it accepts for display so
long as such restrictions are not viewpoint-based and are reasonable in light of
the purposes for which the forum was established. ...

"We ... conclude, as we did in Ridley, that '(t]he current regulation simply
prohibits the use of advertisements that "demean(] or disparage(] an individual
or group of individuals," without listing any particular protected groups,' ...
and thus without suggesting that any individual or group may be so disparaged or
demeaned. Under Ridley, therefore, 'the guideline is just a ground rule. ' ...
As such, the guideline does not attempt to give one group an advantage over
another in the marketplace of ideas. We thus follow our prior holding. The
MBTA's guideline prohibiting advertisements containing material that 'demeans or
disparages' individuals or groups is not invalid on its face. ...

"... (B]oth of AFDI's rejected versions do plainly equate with 'the savage'
those who are Israel's enemy in 'war' and who practice 'jihad' or 'violent
jihad. ' ...

"But the Committee for Peace advertisement, in calling Palestinians 'refugees,'
does not label anyone as a persecutor. Neither the word 'persecutor' nor any
reasonably synonymous hostile label is used at all. And the fact that the
advertisement calls Palestinians 'refugees' -- however offensive or inaccurate a
supporter of Israel might find the use of that label -- does not change that
simple fact. Thus, the MBTA has identified a distinction that is unrelated to
the viewpoint the ads express and instead relates directly to the guideline's
purpose: to screen out content that is demeaning or disparaging. ...

"... The Committee for Peace ad makes no use of language that directly ascribes
a hostile characterization to anyone. Its criticism is implicit and indirect,
even if some might infer that the hostile term 'persecutor' was intended. By
contrast, AFDI's first and third advertisements, by using the word 'savage' to
describe certain of Israel's enemies, went 'a vitriolic further step. ' ...
Thus, the MBTA could reasonably conclude that the first and third ads were
disparaging and demeaning while the Committee for Peace ad was not.

"That same distinction also explains why the MBTA could reasonably distinguish
the use of 'savage' in the first and third AFDI ads from the use of 'savage' in
the second AFDI ad. That second ad simply did not use the directly disparaging
or demeaning noun 'savage' to describe one side of a debate. The two rejected
ads, by contrast, did. Those ads used the word 'savage' to describe not just
certain types of actions, as the second AFDI ad did in describing certain acts
as 'savage. ' Those ads instead used the word 'savage' to characterize the
nature of those who are responsible for those acts -- namely those engaged in a
war against Israel.

"And while neither of AFDI's rejected submissions directly states that those
with whom Israel is at 'war' are 'savages,' we cannot say the ads' subtlety in
that one regard makes the MBTA's decision to reject them unreasonable. In
context, the target of the opprobrium was focused. The ads aimed at those who
practice jihad or violent jihad in the 'war' against Israel, a focus that
reasonably led the MBTA to identify the ads as targeted at that country's Muslim
and Palestinian enemies in particular. By contrast, the Committee for Peace ad
did not use any direct, vitriolic descriptor, while the second AFDI ad used one
only to describe acts and not any individual or group. ...

"We thus conclude that the application of the guideline to the advertisements at
issue here was not just viewpoint neutral. We also conclude that the application
of the guideline was reasonable in light of the valid purposes Ridley held that
the guideline serves. "

Dissenting-in-part opinion

Stahl, J. "I concur in part because I recognize that Ridley v. Massachusetts Bay
Transportation Authority, 390 F.3d 65 (1st Cir.2004), controls Parts III and IV
of the majority's analysis. Irespect that the law of the circuit doctrine
dictates the outcomeof the forum question and the facial validity of the
guideline atissue. I write separately to express my opinion that Ridley
waswrongly decided. By opening up its advertising facilities tocontroversial
topics of the gravest political issues of our day,the MBTA has created a
designated public forum for speech, not anonpublic forum. I dissent from Part V
of the majority opinionbecause even under the more forgiving standard mandated
by Ridley,the MBTA engaged in viewpoint discrimination and acted
unreasonablywhen it rejected AFDI's third advertisement. ...

"... (T]he Ridley majority ignored the indisputable fact that, like an airport,
a public transit system is 'one of the few government-owned spaces where many
persons have extensive contact with other members of the public. ' ... Such
unique suitability for open discourse between citizens is indicative of a
public, rather than a private, forum. ...

"(E]ven if the advertising facilities at issue constituted a nonpublic forum,
the MBTA's rejection of Advertisement III was neither viewpoint neutral nor
reasonable. In particular, I disagree with the majority that the Committee for
Peace advertisement 'does not label anyone as a persecutor. ' To the contrary,
the advertisement all but declares that the Israeli nation-state is the
persecuting entity responsible for the supposed Palestinian refugee crisis. ...
If Israel, and by extension the Jewish people, are not fingered as persecutors
by the ad, who, exactly, is the ad targeting as responsible for displacing 4.7
million Palestinians? While the majority brushes off the criticism as merely
'implicit and indirect,' a reasonable rider of the MBTA would find the message
quite clear: Israelis took over Palestinian land, thereby displacing
Palestinians and creating a refugee crisis in the millions. The characterization
is not only inaccurate but arguably demeaning and disparaging of the Israeli
people in violation of the MBTA's own guideline. While Committee for Peace might
not use the term 'persecutor,' it is a short inferential step to reach that
interpretation, in the same way that the viewer of AFDI's first submitted
advertisement must juxtapose 'civilized man' and 'savage,' and then infer from
AFDI's call to 'support Israel' and 'defeat jihad' that the ad is setting up
Israel as the civilized man, and the jihadist as the savage. The reader must
take an additional inferential leap to conclude, as the MBTA does, that 'savage'
refers not just to jihadis but to Muslims generally. By accepting the Committee
for Peace advertisement but not AFDI's submission, the MBTA allowed its riders
access to one perspective on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, while denying
them exposure to AFDI's perspective. ...

"(T]he MBTA's incongruous decision to post the Committee for Peace ad, but
reject AFDI's submissions, at the very least, raises the specter of viewpoint
discrimination by the MBTA. ...

"Furthermore, even if one accepts the majority's conclusion in Part V.A that the
MBTA applied its prohibition on demeaning and disparaging advertisements in a
viewpoint-neutral manner, I would reverse because the MBTA acted unreasonably in
rejecting the third AFDI ad. This advertisement differed from the first
advertisement in that it narrowed the scope of the condemned practice from
'jihad' (a term which could refer broadly to an individual Muslim's internal
spiritual struggle) to 'violent jihad' (a phrase which can only be read to refer
to terrorist practices roundly denounced as extremist by both Muslims and
non-Muslims). This change clarified that the ad denounced not all adherents of
jihad as 'savages,' but instead proponents of violent jihad. ...

"... The MBTA's acceptance of the second ad, which juxtaposed the civilized man
with 'those engaged in savage acts,' demonstrates that the transit authority
does not find it demeaning or disparaging to decry an individual's violent
actions. Why then is it demeaning to describe that same individual, engaged in
savage acts with violence as his goal, as a savage? The First Amendment protects
and encourages full-throated debate, not only sanitized and diluted discussion.
...

"The MBTA seeks to maximize the financial returns it can receive from the use of
its facilities for advertising. Having accepted virtually all advertisements
with an eye toward filling its coffers, the MBTA's attempt to then limit
submitted speech which some officials deem unacceptable is violative of the
First Amendment. ..."

American Freedom Defense Initiative, et al. v. Massachusetts Bay Transportation
Authority, et al. (Lawyers Weekly No. 01-076-15) (60 pages) (Barron, J.) (Stahl,
J., concurring in part and dissenting in part) (1st Circuit) Appealed from a
decision by Gorton, J., in the U.S. District Court for the District of
Massachusetts. Robert Joseph Muise, with whom David Yerushalmi and American
Freedom Law Center were on brief, for the plaintiffs-appellants; Joseph D.
Steinfield, with whom Jeffrey J. Pyle, Julia A. Brennan and Prince Lobel Tye
were on brief, for the defendants-appellees (Docket Nos. 14-1018 and 1289)
(March 30, 2015).

Click here for the full-text opinion.



http://www.masslawyersweekly.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from
this resource.

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Rhode Island Lawyers Weekly

                            April 1, 2015 Wednesday

Constitutional - MBTA - Advertising - Disparagement

BYLINE: Tom Egan

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1820  words


Where a request by plaintiffs to run a paid advertisement on a defendant transit
system's vehicles and stations was denied, the plaintiffs' right to free speech
was not infringed by the enforcement of the defendant's policy restricting
displays that 'demean or disparage' individuals or groups.

A judgment for the defendant is accordingly affirmed.

'Savage' terminology

"These consolidated appeals require us to decide whether the First Amendment
permits the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority ('MBTA') to refuse to
display a pair of paid, private advertisements on the trains, buses, and transit
stations that the MBTA operates. Many circuits and district courts have
addressed the First Amendment issues that public transit authority advertising
policies raise. We set forth our approach most recently and most thoroughly in
Ridley v. Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority, 390 F.3d 65 (1st Cir.
2004).

"In that case, we considered a free speech challenge to the same aspect of the
MBTA's advertising policy at issue in these appeals: the restriction on the
display of advertisements that 'demean or disparage' individuals or groups. And,
as in Ridley, we again conclude that this restriction does not violate the First
Amendment, either on its face or as it was applied. We thus affirm the District
Court, which reached that same conclusion with respect to the MBTA's refusal to
run the two advertisements at issue here, each of which concerns a highly
charged issue -- the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. ...

"... (T]he MBTA's advertising program is a nonpublic forum. The MBTA may
therefore restrict the content of the advertisements it accepts for display so
long as such restrictions are not viewpoint-based and are reasonable in light of
the purposes for which the forum was established. ...

"We ... conclude, as we did in Ridley, that '(t]he current regulation simply
prohibits the use of advertisements that "demean(] or disparage(] an individual
or group of individuals," without listing any particular protected groups,' ...
and thus without suggesting that any individual or group may be so disparaged or
demeaned. Under Ridley, therefore, 'the guideline is just a ground rule. ' ...
As such, the guideline does not attempt to give one group an advantage over
another in the marketplace of ideas. We thus follow our prior holding. The
MBTA's guideline prohibiting advertisements containing material that 'demeans or
disparages' individuals or groups is not invalid on its face. ...

"... (B]oth of AFDI's rejected versions do plainly equate with 'the savage'
those who are Israel's enemy in 'war' and who practice 'jihad' or 'violent
jihad. ' ...

"But the Committee for Peace advertisement, in calling Palestinians 'refugees,'
does not label anyone as a persecutor. Neither the word 'persecutor' nor any
reasonably synonymous hostile label is used at all. And the fact that the
advertisement calls Palestinians 'refugees' -- however offensive or inaccurate a
supporter of Israel might find the use of that label -- does not change that
simple fact. Thus, the MBTA has identified a distinction that is unrelated to
the viewpoint the ads express and instead relates directly to the guideline's
purpose: to screen out content that is demeaning or disparaging. ...

"... The Committee for Peace ad makes no use of language that directly ascribes
a hostile characterization to anyone. Its criticism is implicit and indirect,
even if some might infer that the hostile term 'persecutor' was intended. By
contrast, AFDI's first and third advertisements, by using the word 'savage' to
describe certain of Israel's enemies, went 'a vitriolic further step. ' ...
Thus, the MBTA could reasonably conclude that the first and third ads were
disparaging and demeaning while the Committee for Peace ad was not.

"That same distinction also explains why the MBTA could reasonably distinguish
the use of 'savage' in the first and third AFDI ads from the use of 'savage' in
the second AFDI ad. That second ad simply did not use the directly disparaging
or demeaning noun 'savage' to describe one side of a debate. The two rejected
ads, by contrast, did. Those ads used the word 'savage' to describe not just
certain types of actions, as the second AFDI ad did in describing certain acts
as 'savage. ' Those ads instead used the word 'savage' to characterize the
nature of those who are responsible for those acts -- namely those engaged in a
war against Israel.

"And while neither of AFDI's rejected submissions directly states that those
with whom Israel is at 'war' are 'savages,' we cannot say the ads' subtlety in
that one regard makes the MBTA's decision to reject them unreasonable. In
context, the target of the opprobrium was focused. The ads aimed at those who
practice jihad or violent jihad in the 'war' against Israel, a focus that
reasonably led the MBTA to identify the ads as targeted at that country's Muslim
and Palestinian enemies in particular. By contrast, the Committee for Peace ad
did not use any direct, vitriolic descriptor, while the second AFDI ad used one
only to describe acts and not any individual or group. ...

"We thus conclude that the application of the guideline to the advertisements at
issue here was not just viewpoint neutral. We also conclude that the application
of the guideline was reasonable in light of the valid purposes Ridley held that
the guideline serves. "

Dissenting-in-part opinion

Stahl, J. "I concur in part because I recognize that Ridley v. Massachusetts Bay
Transportation Authority, 390 F.3d 65 (1st Cir.2004), controls Parts III and IV
of the majority's analysis. Irespect that the law of the circuit doctrine
dictates the outcomeof the forum question and the facial validity of the
guideline atissue. I write separately to express my opinion that Ridley
waswrongly decided. By opening up its advertising facilities tocontroversial
topics of the gravest political issues of our day,the MBTA has created a
designated public forum for speech, not anonpublic forum. I dissent from Part V
of the majority opinionbecause even under the more forgiving standard mandated
by Ridley,the MBTA engaged in viewpoint discrimination and acted
unreasonablywhen it rejected AFDI's third advertisement. ...

"... (T]he Ridley majority ignored the indisputable fact that, like an airport,
a public transit system is 'one of the few government-owned spaces where many
persons have extensive contact with other members of the public. ' ... Such
unique suitability for open discourse between citizens is indicative of a
public, rather than a private, forum. ...

"(E]ven if the advertising facilities at issue constituted a nonpublic forum,
the MBTA's rejection of Advertisement III was neither viewpoint neutral nor
reasonable. In particular, I disagree with the majority that the Committee for
Peace advertisement 'does not label anyone as a persecutor. ' To the contrary,
the advertisement all but declares that the Israeli nation-state is the
persecuting entity responsible for the supposed Palestinian refugee crisis. ...
If Israel, and by extension the Jewish people, are not fingered as persecutors
by the ad, who, exactly, is the ad targeting as responsible for displacing 4.7
million Palestinians? While the majority brushes off the criticism as merely
'implicit and indirect,' a reasonable rider of the MBTA would find the message
quite clear: Israelis took over Palestinian land, thereby displacing
Palestinians and creating a refugee crisis in the millions. The characterization
is not only inaccurate but arguably demeaning and disparaging of the Israeli
people in violation of the MBTA's own guideline. While Committee for Peace might
not use the term 'persecutor,' it is a short inferential step to reach that
interpretation, in the same way that the viewer of AFDI's first submitted
advertisement must juxtapose 'civilized man' and 'savage,' and then infer from
AFDI's call to 'support Israel' and 'defeat jihad' that the ad is setting up
Israel as the civilized man, and the jihadist as the savage. The reader must
take an additional inferential leap to conclude, as the MBTA does, that 'savage'
refers not just to jihadis but to Muslims generally. By accepting the Committee
for Peace advertisement but not AFDI's submission, the MBTA allowed its riders
access to one perspective on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, while denying
them exposure to AFDI's perspective. ...

"(T]he MBTA's incongruous decision to post the Committee for Peace ad, but
reject AFDI's submissions, at the very least, raises the specter of viewpoint
discrimination by the MBTA. ...

"Furthermore, even if one accepts the majority's conclusion in Part V.A that the
MBTA applied its prohibition on demeaning and disparaging advertisements in a
viewpoint-neutral manner, I would reverse because the MBTA acted unreasonably in
rejecting the third AFDI ad. This advertisement differed from the first
advertisement in that it narrowed the scope of the condemned practice from
'jihad' (a term which could refer broadly to an individual Muslim's internal
spiritual struggle) to 'violent jihad' (a phrase which can only be read to refer
to terrorist practices roundly denounced as extremist by both Muslims and
non-Muslims). This change clarified that the ad denounced not all adherents of
jihad as 'savages,' but instead proponents of violent jihad. ...

"... The MBTA's acceptance of the second ad, which juxtaposed the civilized man
with 'those engaged in savage acts,' demonstrates that the transit authority
does not find it demeaning or disparaging to decry an individual's violent
actions. Why then is it demeaning to describe that same individual, engaged in
savage acts with violence as his goal, as a savage? The First Amendment protects
and encourages full-throated debate, not only sanitized and diluted discussion.
...

"The MBTA seeks to maximize the financial returns it can receive from the use of
its facilities for advertising. Having accepted virtually all advertisements
with an eye toward filling its coffers, the MBTA's attempt to then limit
submitted speech which some officials deem unacceptable is violative of the
First Amendment. ..."

American Freedom Defense Initiative, et al. v. Massachusetts Bay Transportation
Authority, et al. (Lawyers Weekly No. 01-076-15) (60 pages) (Barron, J.) (Stahl,
J., concurring in part and dissenting in part) (1st Circuit) Appealed from a
decision by Gorton, J., in the U.S. District Court for the District of
Massachusetts. Robert Joseph Muise, with whom David Yerushalmi and American
Freedom Law Center were on brief, for the plaintiffs-appellants; Joseph D.
Steinfield, with whom Jeffrey J. Pyle, Julia A. Brennan and Prince Lobel Tye
were on brief, for the defendants-appellees (Docket Nos. 14-1018 and 1289)
(March 30, 2015).

Click here for the full-text opinion.



http://www.rilawyersweekly.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from
this resource.

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            March 26, 2015 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

LYNCH DELAY NOT ABOUT RACE, GENDER

BYLINE: Ruth Marcus

SECTION: A; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 742 words


Let's get a few things straight about the delay in confirming Loretta Lynch as
attorney general. It's outrageous. It also has nothing to do with her race or
gender.

Contriving prejudice where none exists demeans the importance of fighting
discrimination. And it demeans those who drop such ugly hints.

To wit, Illinois Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin, who complained that "the first
African-American woman nominated to be attorney general is asked to sit in the
back of the bus when it comes to the Senate calendar" - this after Senate
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell held her nomination hostage to action on a
stalled human trafficking bill.

Oh, please. I'm not in the habit of agreeing with Rich Lowry of National Review,
but opposing Lynch is no more race-based than Durbin's own opposition to the
nomination of Condoleezza Rice as secretary of state.

That's not to say that lawmakers are bias-free. This is impossible to prove, but
to watch Attorney General Eric Holder testify before Congress makes me think
that, at times, he is treated with less respect than if he were white.

But relations between Holder and congressional Republicans are badly frayed; it
is in those fraught moments of tension that prejudices, perhaps subconscious,
emerge. There was no such atmosphere during the Lynch hearings.

Same with gender. Hillary Clinton raised the subject last week, tweeting,
"Congressional trifecta against women today: ... Blocking great nominee, 1st
African American woman AG, for longer than any AG in 30 years."

Please, again. I'd like to see one smidgen of evidence that Lynch's gender is
working against her.

So the Lynch delay is about ideology. But not her ideology - President Barack
Obama's. And the Justice Department's. The case against Lynch is the case
against the president's executive actions on immigration, and the fact that
Lynch said she agreed with the Justice Department's analysis of their legality.

Which raises the question: How could Republican senators reasonably expect Lynch
to take a different view? How could they expect Obama to name any nominee who
differed? If they can't, what is the point - other than as a vehicle for
expressing pique - of opposing Lynch?

There's a legitimate argument about whether the president's actions went too
far. I don't blame Republicans for chafing at them, or being frustrated at their
inability to do much in response.

Holding up spending bills in a fit of temper over Obama's immigration moves is
bad for the country and self-destructive. The courts represent an unlikely
avenue of relief. So the Lynch nomination offers one tempting way for
Republicans to vent frustration with what they view as executive overreach.

"The Senate shouldn't confirm any attorney-general nominee, from whatever party,
of whatever race, ethnicity, or gender identification, who believes the
president can rewrite the nation's laws at will," Lowry wrote in National
Review, blithely overstating Lynch's (and Obama's) position.

Lowry acknowledged that the ironic result of his approach would be to leave the
much-reviled Holder in place. "But there's no helping that," he added. "The
principle that would be upheld is the Senate not giving its imprimatur to an
attorney general who thinks its lawmaking role is optional."

What about the principle of the Senate deciding that its confirming role is
optional? If senators have a serious problem with the president's selection for
a particular job - if they believe the nominee lacks experience, is
temperamentally unsuited, or is ideologically too far outside the mainstream -
they have the constitutional right to reject the choice.

But that's not Republicans' beef with Lynch. Their beef with Lynch is that she
is Obama's nominee and shares his views.

In the end, whenever that finally comes, Lynch appears to have enough Republican
support to squeeze through - perhaps with Vice President Biden casting the
deciding vote. This lets Republicans have their tantrum without being
responsible for the logical consequences of their position.

Last week, McConnell refused to bring up Lynch's nomination while the Senate was
stalemated over a human trafficking bill and abortion politics. This week the
Senate is busying itself debating a budget that will never be put in place. Then
it takes two weeks off.

By which point Lynch's nomination will have languished for more than five
months. Enough. It's long past time for the Senate to do its job, however
grudgingly.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Ruth Marcus is a columnist for the Washington Post. Her email address is
ruthmarcus@washpost.com Editor's note: Dana Milbank will return next week.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              58 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                            March 26, 2015 Thursday
                                  1ST Edition

SECTION: Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 747 words


Let's get a few things straight about the delay in confirming Loretta Lynch as
attorney general. It's outrageous. It also has nothing to do with her race or
gender.

Contriving prejudice where none exists demeans the importance of fighting
discrimination. And it demeans those who drop such ugly hints.

To wit, Illinois Democratic Sen. Dick Durbin, who complained that "the first
African-American woman nominated to be attorney general is asked to sit in the
back of the bus when it comes to the Senate calendar" - this after Senate
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell held her nomination hostage to action on a
stalled human trafficking bill.

Oh, please. I'm not in the habit of agreeing with Rich Lowry of National Review,
but opposing Lynch is no more race-based than Durbin's own opposition to the
nomination of Condoleezza Rice as secretary of state.

That's not to say that lawmakers are bias-free. This is impossible to prove, but
to watch Attorney General Eric Holder testify before Congress makes me think
that, at times, he is treated with less respect than if he were white.

But relations between Holder and congressional Republicans are badly frayed; it
is in those fraught moments of tension that prejudices, perhaps subconscious,
emerge. There was no such atmosphere during the Lynch hearings,

Same with gender. Hillary Clinton raised the subject last week, tweeting,
"Congressional trifecta against women today: ... Blocking great nominee, 1st
African American woman AG, for longer than any AG in 30 years."

Please, again. I'd like to see one smidgen of evidence that Lynch's gender is
working against her.

So the Lynch delay is about ideology. But not her ideology - President Obama's.
And the Justice Department's. The case against Lynch is the case against the
president's executive actions on immigration, and the fact that Lynch said she
agreed with the Justice Department's analysis of their legality.

Which raises the question: How could Republican senators reasonably expect Lynch
to take a different view? How could they expect Obama to name any nominee who
differed? If they can't, what is the point - other than as a vehicle for
expressing pique - of opposing Lynch?

There's a legitimate argument about whether the president's actions went too
far. I don't blame Republicans for chafing at them, or being frustrated at their
inability to do much in response.

Holding up spending bills in a fit of temper over Obama's immigration moves is
bad for the country and self-destructive. The courts represent an unlikely
avenue of relief. So the Lynch nomination offers one tempting way for
Republicans to vent frustration with what they view as executive overreach.

"The Senate shouldn't confirm any attorney-general nominee, from whatever party,
of whatever race, ethnicity, or gender identification, who believes the
president can rewrite the nation's laws at will," Lowry wrote in National
Review, blithely overstating Lynch's (and Obama's) position.

Lowry acknowledged that the ironic result of his approach would be to leave the
much-reviled Holder in place. "But there's no helping that," he added. "The
principle that would be upheld is the Senate not giving its imprimatur to an
attorney general who thinks its lawmaking role is optional."

What about the principle of the Senate deciding that its confirming role is
optional? If senators have a serious problem with the president's selection for
a particular job - if they believe the nominee lacks experience, is
temperamentally unsuited, or is ideologically too far outside the mainstream -
they have the constitutional right to reject the choice.

But that's not Republicans' beef with Lynch. Their beef with Lynch is that she
is Obama's nominee and shares his views.

In the end, whenever that finally comes, Lynch appears to have enough Republican
support to squeeze through - perhaps with Vice President Biden casting the
deciding vote. This lets Republicans have their tantrum without being
responsible for the logical consequences of their position.

Last week, McConnell refused to bring up Lynch's nomination while the Senate was
stalemated over a human trafficking bill and abortion politics. This week the
Senate is busying itself debating a budget that will never be put in place. Then
it takes two weeks off.

By which point Lynch's nomination will have languished for more than five
months. Enough. It's long past time for the Senate to do its job, however
grudgingly.

Ruth Marcus is a columnist for The Washington Post.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           November 4, 2015 Wednesday
                               WED FINAL Edition

The Open Forum Letters to the Editor

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 21A

LENGTH: 546 words


Uplifting vs. tearing down

Last Thursday night I attended Arvada West High School's fall choir concert. The
singers, my granddaughter among them, entertained with songs from around the
world. What a fine program! The kids learn a wide variety of music, the teachers
develop their musicality, and the audience is enriched.

While listening, I recalled the previous night's Republican presidential debate
and its predecessors involving both parties. The contrast staggered: uplifting
vs. tearing down. It's really sad how candidates demean their opponents in
either party, sometimes demonizing them as if subhuman.

I realize voters must know the candidates, and candidates must show their wares.
But their destructive methods demean us all. The dignity shown by those kids
shames the debaters.

If only a concert's magnificence could inspire politicians to elevate
themselves. Maybe fantasy, but I'd feel better about how we pick our leaders. In
the meantime, bring on the choirs I like them a lot better.

John Hill, Arvada

How you can support troops

Magnets, bumper stickers or license plates saying "we support our troops" don't
demonstrate your appreciation. And shining green lights in the night doesn't
show your support either; it sells light bulbs. America, your "heroes" can't get
jobs, treatment for PTSD, or the health and dental benefits we were promised.

If you really appreciate our service, prove it. Stop re electing those fiscally
irresponsible officials who've cut our benefits to help balance their budget.
Hire combat veterans to protect our schools and borders. Devote more designated
parking for wounded veterans. Businesses give seniors discounts, so why not
veterans? Do something for veterans in your neighborhood like raking leaves or
shoveling snow. Support the Wounded Warrior Project. Put flowers on the graves
of veterans at a national cemetery and not just on Memorial Day or Veterans Day.

Make your appreciation commensurate with the sacrifice we've made.

Joe Aiello, Littleton

Let's hear it for U.S. women at World Gymnastics Championships

Re: "Biles lands her 3rd straight gymnastics title," Oct. 30 sports brief.

As a former gymnastics national champion and a recipient of the Colorado
Sportswoman of the Year award, I was disappointed with your lack of coverage of
the recent World Gymnastics Championships. In fairness, you did have a blurb on
the second page of the sports section, but there were no pictures and no
commentary.

America's Simone Biles won her third consecutive world all around championship
title. Additionally, Gabby Douglas is the first woman since 1981 to earn a medal
in a world championship after having won the Olympics.

The American team dominated. These are superb athletes. They exhibit everything
that's great in sports: mastery, grace, power, skill and zen like calm under
pressure. The unbelievable individual performances were almost overshadowed by
the entire U.S. team, which won its third consecutive world title.

I understand Aaron Rodgers recently came to town, Tom Brady is playing at a
level maybe never seen before, and this is Peyton Manning's swan song. But for
one day could the Denver Post sports section highlight women's gymnastics?
Women's sports in America is thriving please highlight that.

Karen Beer Cannon, Golden

LOAD-DATE: November 07, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              March 5, 2017 Sunday
                              SUN PERSPECT Edition

The Open Forum

SECTION: PERSPECT; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 825 words


Re: "Irked attendees face off with cardboard cutout," Feb. 25 news story.

On Feb. 24, I joined 1,575 Coloradans at a town hall with Sen. Cory Gardner, who
declined to attend. It was organized by citizen groups because Coloradans have a
desire to have our real concerns acknowledged by our elected officials.
Unfortunately, Gardner has repeatedly declined to do so.

I recognize the current political climate is intense. But Gardner should still
engage his constituents in meaningful ways. Being an elected official is not
supposed to be comfortable. It is the job of our officials to answer tough
questions. I believe Coloradans can ask these questions in a courteous manner,
as evidenced by the respectful tone of the Jan. 24 town hall.

Civic participation should be encouraged. It is a cornerstone of our democracy.
Sen. Gardner, your constituents are waiting for you to recognize this.

Suzie Brundage, Thornton

* * *

Cory Gardner is damned if he appears at town halls and damned if he doesn't. If
he appears, the mob shouts and demeans and ridicules. If he doesn't appear, the
mob shouts and demeans and ridicules. It is a lose lose situation. What has
happened to respect? It's a lost meaning to those on the left. Rule for
radicals: The end justifies the means. Very sad.

Kay Robbins, Denver

* * *

Many of us were deeply disappointed that Cory Gardner chose to hold no in person
town hall meeting in Denver during the congressional recess. Yes, it is tough to
face a large group of people who strongly disagree with your actions, but Sen.
Gardner works for all Coloradans and must show his respect for this fact by
meeting with those with whom he may disagree.

In discussing "constituency," the U.S. Senate website states, "The one state two
senator formula means that all senators represent constituencies that are more
heterogeneous than the districts represented by most House members. As a result,
senators must accommodate a larger range of interests and pressures in their
representational roles."

So far Gardner has demonstrated no such accommodation, voting on strict partisan
lines to dismantle freedoms and supports for those most vulnerable, including
women, children and immigrants. Come home and talk with us, Sen. Gardner!

Sharon Kermiet, Denver

* * *

Sen. Gardner must decide if he represents his constituents or his party. His
refusal to respond to phone, e mail and requests for town meetings is pathetic.

Senator, grow a backbone and be a "profile in courage." Coloradans will reward
your leadership. The Affordable Care Act must be fixed and improved, not
replaced. Air and water must be protected, not sacrificed on the altar of fossil
fuel profits. Tax cuts for the wealthy only increase their wealth while
endangering critical safety nets for everyone else. The internet must remain
open and unrestricted.

Stand up to the narcissist in the White House and break ranks with your party to
support your constituents. Demand to see Donald Trump's tax returns (hold him to
his promise to release them after the "audit"). Demand that he and his advisers
divest from all their holdings. Show some moral courage, Senator. We are
watching and will hold you accountable.

Stuart Zeiger, Denver

* * *

Wow! The Democrats must be hard up for conversation, talking to cardboard
cutouts. It probably wasn't as much fun for them as it would have been to berate
Republican members of Congress, but I guess they do what they have to do. During
the next four years, I am sure they can dream up many more stunts to attract
attention and try to derail the Trump administration.

For those of us who recognize that an essential part of the democratic process
is to let those who won an election govern, we won't attract attention by
staging stunts, calling names, marching in protests or doing things the more
extreme elements of the far left do, like burning, looting and beating up
people. We will support our members of Congress and our president, hoping they
accomplish good things for our country. If they don't, guess what? We can vote
against them in the next election. That's the democratic process.

John Dellinger, Aurora

* * *

I laughed out loud at the picture in Sunday's Denver Post of a constituent
asking questions of a cardboard cutout of Sen. Cory Gardner because I know from
personal experience that there is no real difference between asking Gardner a
question and speaking to an inanimate object in neither case do you get an
answer.

After Gardner sent out a weekly e mail update on Feb. 12 telling Coloradans that
he believes the nomination process for Supreme Court nominees should be "fair,
thorough, and expedient," I sent an e mail asking him to explain his sudden
change of heart given that mere months ago he believed no such thing.

Thus far neither the human senator nor the cardboard Cory have deemed my
question worth answering, leading me to believe that there is nothing more to
his statement than bald faced hypocrisy. Sad!

Lawrence Jones, Conifer

LOAD-DATE: March 08, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2017 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Tribune Regional News

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 26, 2015 Monday

Texas May Join Movement to Make Hunting and Fishing a Constitutional Right

BYLINE: J.B. Wogan, Governing

SECTION: NATIONAL POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 335 words


Oct. 26--In November, Texas voters will decide whether to codify the right to
hunt, fish and harvest wildlife in the state's consitution. The amendment,
officially titled Proposition 6, would also designate hunting and fishing as the
preferred methods for controlling and managing wildlife.

The ballot measure pits the National Rifle Association (NRA) against People for
the Ethical Treatment of Animals (PETA). Aside from animal rights groups who
object to hunting as a "bloody pastime," some critics have questioned the need
to affirm the right to hunt and fish in the state constitution. Texas state Rep.
Roland Gutierrez complained that "our constitution isn't a toy" and an
unnecessary amendment "demeans the document and it demeans us."

Supporters of the measure, including the NRA, acknowledge that no one has tried
to curb the right to hunt and fish in Texas. Instead, they justify the amendment
as a safeguard against future threats by anti-hunting groups.

As of March, 18 states included the right to hunt and fish in their
constitutions. All but one (Vermont) added the right some time since 1996. In
most cases, state voters have approved the amendment. This year, legislators in
at least nine states debated bills to add a constitutional right to hunt and
fish.

To reach the ballot, a bill required approval in both legislative chambers. In
the state Senate, it passed 27-3. In the state House, it passed 111-1. Gutierrez
was one of 25 lawmakers who chose a middle path, recording that they were
present but not voting.

Initially, the Texas Municipal League warned that the bill would lead to
constitutional challenges of city ordinances related to gun control. The final
version of the measure, however, says the amendment does not affect any
authority the legislature grants to cities to regulate firearms in the interest
of public safety.

J.B. Wogan  --  Staff Writer

jwogan@governing.com  --  @jbwogan

___ (c)2015 Governing Visit Governing at www.governing.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151026-1GV-Texas-May-Join-Movement-to-Make-Hunting-and-Fishing-a-Constitutiona
l-Right-1026-20151026

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1GV


                      Copyright 2015 Tribune Regional News


                              62 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             March 24, 2014 Monday

Alta ask court to toss snowboarders' lawsuit

BYLINE: By Erin Alberty The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 536 words


Alta ski resort has asked a federal judge to dismiss a lawsuit filed by
snowboarders seeking access to the mountain, arguing that the snowboarders'
claim of a rights violation "demeans the Constitution itself."

The snow sports advocacy group Wasatch Equality in January joined four boarders
in suing Alta, claiming its no-snowboards policy is the result of hostile
attitudes toward snowboarders and violates boarders' constitutional rights under
the 14th Amendment.

"It demeans the Constitution to suggest that the amendment that protected the
interests of former slaves during Reconstruction and James Meredith and the
Little Rock Nine must be expanded to protect the interests of those who engage
in a particularized winter sport," Alta's attorney's wrote in Friday's brief.
"There is no authority holding that the zone of interest created by the
Fourteenth Amendment protects those who stand sideways on snowboards."

They also argued that Alta is a private resort operating on federal land, so its
rules don't amount to state action.

"The permit and the plan [approved by the U.S. Forest Service] are utterly
silent on Alta's business decision regarding the use of snowboards," Alta's
attorneys wrote. "The decision about permissible equipment at Alta was made by
Alta, not the Forest Service."

Even if the snowboarding ban were a government policy, Alta argued, it is not a
result of animus but rather of business motives. Alta points to claims in the
snowboarders' complaint that the snowboarding ban conforms to Alta's attempt to
cater to a skier-only market and "maintain a skiing culture." Alta's attorneys
also argue that snowboarders have a "blind spot" due to traveling sideways down
the mountain, which poses safety concerns.

The ban also keeps snowboarders off Alta's "long, high mountain traverses, which
are difficult on a snowboard," attorneys wrote. "It is not irrational for state
actors to determine that some winter sports equipment is more suitable than
others on certain terrain."

Alta's attorneys did not address whether snowboarders actually are subject to
hostility from the resort or its patrons, but they argued that snowboarders are
not marginalized by unpopularity.

"Those who snowboard can hardly claim they represent the kind of politically
unpopular community that the Constitution was designed to protect," attorneys
wrote.

Snowboarders Rick Alden, Drew Hicken, Richard Varga and snowboarding pro Bjorn
Leines filed the lawsuit Jan. 15.

On Jan. 12, a group of snowboarders, including Alden, Hicken and Varga, bought
tickets at Alta and tried to ride the Collins lift with their boards; instead
ski patrol escorted them away, the lawsuit claims. When Alden got onto a lift
using a split board -- a snowboard that separates down the middle for
cross-country travel and reattaches for downhill travel -- patrollers
intercepted him at the top of the lift.

Meanwhile, an array of ski equipment was allowed, including one mono-ski.

The lawsuit noted that three resorts in North America ban snowboarding: Alta,
Deer Valley and Mad River Glen in Vermont. But only Alta is on public lands.

The ban "excludes snowboarders from use and enjoyment of the public land on
which Alta operates," the lawsuit claimed.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Idaho Falls Post Register

                            July 29, 2015 Wednesday

Guest column: Immoral and un-American

BYLINE: Robert Hemsley, Writer

LENGTH: 512 words

DATELINE: Idaho Falls, ID


Verbal attacks on immigrants, the poor, the sick and the disabled by candidates
for public office demeans us all, writes Robert Hemsley.

By Robert Hemsley

There is something immoral and un-American about recent attacks on immigrants
and minorities.

Presidential candidates assert they will "take our country back." But from whom
will they take the country back? Gays, immigrants, minorities, Muslims?

Immigration policy should be discussed and debated in our country. Donald Trump,
however, is not discussing policy in his campaign speeches, but is utilizing
racist rhetoric to demean an entire group of people.

Immigrants come to America for economic opportunity and religious freedom, but
Trump vilifies Mexicans and asserts their motives are to rape and kill. We are a
nation of immigrants but Trump dismisses our shared experiences and common
dreams, and dehumanizes those seeking a better future.

Glenn Beck complained recently about churches providing refuge for immigrants.
Mormon leaders have met with President Obama and expressed a desire for
immigration reform. But Beck, a Mormon, wrote on Facebook, "our church needs to
reposition its foundations."

I always believed our religious foundation was a love for God and our neighbors.
Many of Beck's followers responded to his post by complaining that Mormon
missionaries are teaching "illegal immigrants."

When I was a Mormon missionary, years ago, I never realized an American passport
was necessary to enter the Kingdom of God. It is ironic that many who claim
religious freedom for themselves want to deny it for others.

Huck Finn, in the classic American novel of manhood and morality, contrasts the
tender spirituality of his guardian, Widow Douglas, with the harsh religion of
her sister, Miss Watson.

"Sometimes the widow would take me one side and talk about Providence in a way
to make a body's mouth water; but maybe next day Miss Watson would take hold and
knock it all down again. I judged I could see that there was two Providences,
and a poor chap would stand considerable show with the widow's Providence, but
if Miss Watson's got him there warn't no help for him anymore."

Religion is increasingly injected into our political campaigns, and yet there is
a decreasing lack of personal compassion. During the last presidential election,
a gay soldier was booed during a debate, voters shouted that the uninsured
should die rather than receive medical treatment and Rick Santorum declared John
Kennedy's speech on toleration made him "sick."

In this election minorities are demeaned as rapists and killers while many
citizens defend an enemy flag that exemplifies bondage and oppression.

Trump's attack on POWs demonstrates hatred has no boundaries. Prejudice and
discrimination are justified in a country divided by "winners and losers."

Can the poor, the sick, the disabled and the disenfranchised expect equality in
Trump's America? America symbolizes a "light on a hill" for the world. But
hatred brings only darkness.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Post Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             August 5, 2008 Tuesday

American voters should beware the 'McNasty' in McCain

BYLINE: JONATHAN ZIMMERMAN, Professor of history and education at New York
University

SECTION: COMMENT; BULLIES IN HIGH PLACES; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 769 words


In November of 1986, the Arizona Republican Party held an election night
celebration at a Phoenix hotel to toast its victorious candidates. The marquee
attraction was a two-term congressman named John McCain, who won the Senate seat
vacated by GOP icon Barry Goldwater.

Mr. McCain delivered a rousing speech and then retired to his suite at the
hotel, where he watched a replay of the address on television. But someone had
failed to erect the speaking platform high enough for the 5-foot-9 senator, so
only part of his face was visible on TV.

That unfortunate someone was Robert Wexler, the 20-something head of Arizona's
Young Republicans and the chief choreographer of the evening's events. A livid
McCain went back downstairs to look for Mr. Wexler, confronting him in the hotel
ballroom.

"I told you we needed a stage," Mr. McCain screamed at the young man, jabbing a
finger in Mr. Wexler's chest. "You incompetent little [expletive]. When I tell
you to do something, you do it."

John McCain's biography is full of episodes like this. As far back as high
school, peers nicknamed him "McNasty." He's been known to fling f-bombs at
fellow lawmakers when he doesn't get his way. And in a 2006 poll, Capitol Hill
staffers ranked him as the Senator with the "second hottest temper," after
Alaska's Ted Stevens.

Should we care? I think we should. The most important measure of a human being
is the way he or she treats other people, especially those under his or her
power. By many accounts, Mr. McCain degrades and demeans them. And there's no
excuse for it.

He's not the only one, of course. In Congress, abusive behaviour toward
underlings is eminently bipartisan. Remember Cynthia McKinney, the ultra-liberal
Georgia representative who allegedly struck a Capitol police officer when he
tried to stop her at a security checkpoint?

Ms. McKinney eventually got voted out of office, but most of Congress's bullies
are still going strong. Consider four-term representative Anthony Weiner, a
rising Democratic star and a leading candidate to replace Michael Bloomberg next
year as mayor of New York. When staffers don't measure up to his standards, Mr.
Weiner reportedly throws telephones and kicks furniture.

No wonder Mr. Weiner has experienced more office turnover than any other
representative in his state's delegation. Since early 2007 alone, Weiner has had
three different chiefs of staff. Roughly half of his 20-odd employees have
served for less than a year.

We've all met people like Anthony Weiner; some of us have worked for people like
them, too. You don't want a boss who degrades, harangues and humiliates you. So
why would you vote for one?

Here you might reply that public officials are elected to, well, serve the
public. So if their arrogant and domineering style gets staffers to work harder,
it's good for all of us.

Let's leave aside the question of whether this style actually produces better
results. Even if it did - and I have my doubts - it would still be wrong. Our
lawmakers do more than simply make laws; they're supposed to represent us, in
every sense of the word. By electing officials who demean employees, we also
demean ourselves.

How much does personal virtue matter in a public office? During the impeachment
of U.S. president Bill Clinton, some of my liberal friends told me that it
didn't matter at all. The president's extramarital affairs bore no relation to
his public duties, so the public should just butt out.

Really? Let's suppose, then, that a president struck his wife instead of simply
cheating on her. Would one still deem his personal behaviour irrelevant?

I don't think one would. And that's because our leaders - more than anybody else
- serve as symbols of all of us; they embody our deepest beliefs, values and
principles. We would never elect people who did physical harm to those under
their charge. But we continue to elect verbal and emotional bullies, who can do
just as much damage.

And that brings us back to John McCain. During the 2000 GOP primaries,
operatives for George W. Bush whispered that Mr. McCain's notorious temper made
him a dangerous choice for president: After all, no one wants a madman with his
finger on the nuclear button.

That's absurd. There is no reason to question Mr. McCain's good judgment, which
he has honed over many years of public service. But there is every reason to
question his behaviour, especially toward subordinates, which speaks badly of
his basic values - and of the voters'. If Americans don't want bullies in their
schools and workplaces, then they shouldn't vote to put one in the White House.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                              June 6, 2010 Sunday

Thousands celebrate gay rights advances in Salt Lake parade

BYLINE: Paul Koepp Deseret News

LENGTH: 415 words


SALT LAKE CITY ? There was an air of celebration as thousands of attendees of
the Utah Pride Festival gathered Sunday in the heart of a city that has banned
discrimination against gays in housing and employment. The festival's third and
final day featured a raucous parade that wound through downtown to the Salt Lake
City-County Building, where the City Council unanimously passed the anti-bias
ordinances in November.

"I think there's a celebratory mood because we're honoring our history and
looking forward to the future," said Valerie Larabee, executive director of the
Utah Pride Center. "In all of the conversations that have happened since Prop. 8
in California, we've gone from being very frustrated to having very productive
dialogues in the state of Utah, and people are very excited about that."
Anti-discrimination measures, like the Salt Lake one that received an
endorsement from The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (Mormon), have
also passed in the past year in Logan, West Valley City and Park City and are
under consideration in several other places. Legislators decided not to take
statewide action in this year's session, and Gov. Gary Herbert has expressed his
preference to tackle the issue at the local level. Pride Center spokesman
Michael Westley told The Associated Press that attendance this year appeared to
be more than the record of 20,000 set in 2009. Sunday's parade saw many
participants dancing along to booming music and enjoying a hot, clear day in a
minimum of clothing. The crowd held its loudest applause for a float backing
marriage equality, with a male couple and a female couple dressed in wedding
attire. Other floats promoted adoption by same-sex couples and other gay-rights
causes. Dozens of people at the tail end of the procession carried a giant
rainbow flag stretching half a block. "God said love everyone. No exceptions,"
read one parade sign. Another proclaimed, "Those who demean gays demean
themselves." A handful of demonstrators at the corner of 100 South and State
Street held signs telling parade attendees to "fear God" and "read the Bible."
Several Democratic candidates for various political offices took part in the
parade, including Salt Lake County Mayor Peter Corroon, who is running for
governor. The parade's grand marshal was theater character Sister Dottie S.
Dixon, a Mormon mom ? portrayed by Charles Lynn Frost ? who has to come to terms
with her son coming out of the closet. e-mail: pkoepp@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              66 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            April 19, 2007 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Arar recalls fine first impression of Canada; He visited country when he was a
teen

BYLINE: Alexandra Zabjek and Jim Farrell, The Edmonton Journal

SECTION: CITYPLUS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 736  words

DATELINE: EDMONTON


EDMONTON - Maher Arar was blindfolded when his Jordanian handlers told him in
2002 that he was not being driven to Syria, but rather to an airport where he
would be put on a plane bound for Montreal.

"I believed them," he told a packed house at the Winspear Centre on Wednesday
night. "I wanted to believe that a miracle would happen."

Most Canadians know how Arar's story turned out. He spent more than 10 months in
a tiny Syrian jail after being detained at a New York City airport and sent to
the Middle East. He was tortured in Syria and did not return to Canada until
October 2003. After admitting the RCMP fed incorrect information to U.S.
authorities, the Canadian government paid him $10.5 million in compensation.

The audience at the Winspear got a personal look at Arar, who began his speech
for the University of Alberta's 11th annual Political Science Distinguished
Lecture by saying, "My talk wouldn't be complete if I didn't tell you a bit
about myself as a human being."

Arar recalled that as teenager, after a visit to Canada, he walked through the
streets of Damascus wearing a shirt with a maple leaf on it.

"Canada, to me, represented a land of dreams," he said.

Arar detailed an ordeal that took him from New York to Syria, sometimes
eliciting gasps of shock from the audience and sometimes bitter laughter.

In his speech, he acknowledged that the will of the Canadian people prompted
Justice Dennis O'Connor's inquiry that eventually cleared his name. He said he
couldn't imagine such an inquiry happening in the United States.

However, Arar warned Canadians not to be complacent about the country's need to
balance civil liberties and national security. He called for the government to
accept all the recommendations from O'Connor's two reports.

He said Canada must stand firm against the use of torture.

"Torture does not save lives," he said. "It demeans us and it demeans our
civilized values."

Interviewed Wednesday a few hours before his speech, Arar described his 10
months of torture and imprisonment in Syria and talked about how it changed his
life.

"I was going to cancel my speech tonight," he said at one point. "I had so much
post-traumatic stress, but I don't tell people about that."

Arar's story has been told many times. Because of a passing acquaintance with a
man the U.S. labelled as a possible terrorist, Arar was detained and
interrogated in New York City's John F. Kennedy airport while on his way home
from a southern vacation. Twelve days later he was chained, shackled and flown
to his native Syria, where torture was expected to elicit answers his U.S.
interrogators couldn't get.

During his afternoon interview, Arar appeared chipper and upbeat, but a brief
stammer occasionally stalled the flow of his words. He was asked whether he
takes medication for post-traumatic stress.

"I resist medication," he said. "I have been seeing a psychologist ... and a
psychiatrist at times. I may change my mind about the medication if the
cognitive ways don't work."

Potential conflicts between the Muslim and the non-Muslim world continue to
swirl around Arar and his family. In recent weeks, activists in Canada's Muslim
community have turned their ire on sports bodies that attempt to keep Muslim
girls from wearing the traditional hijab during tournaments.

Arar's 10-year-old daughter has begun to wear the hijab.

"That is a concern to me as she grows up and starts to play sports," Arar says.
"I have always believed there is a way to improve our relationship with others.
That is a matter of education. It is a matter of understanding. I believe there
is always a way to compromise, always a way to reach a middle point."

Arar and his family moved to Kamloops after his wife landed a teaching job in
the local college. He is working on a PhD from the University of Ottawa,
commuting between Kamloops and Ottawa.

"The people of Kamloops have been very supportive. At school, there has not been
a single incident and the principal, the teachers and the kids have been
wonderful to my children."

But nationally, Canada is still trying to adjust to the new post-9-11 reality,
Arar said. It is still trying to find a balance between the fight against
terrorism and the need to protect human rights.

"The threat of terrorism is real," he said. "We cannot deny that. But at the
same time we must find a balance and protect our human rights."

azabjek@thejournal.canwest.com

jfarrell@thejournal.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Larry Wong, The Journal; Maher Arar gave a talk on civil liberties
and national security on Wednesday. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              June 10, 2016 Friday

Use of term 'illegal alien' stirs heated debate in Congress

BYLINE: Uriel J. Garcia, The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 724 words


June 10--U.S. Rep. Ben Ray Luján, D-Santa Fe, joined a group of Hispanic
Democrats on Thursday in a battle against congressional Republicans who want the
Library of Congress to use the term "illegal aliens" when referring to
undocumented immigrants.

The Library of Congress in March proposed to stop using the words "alien" and
"illegal aliens" in its subject headings. Its staff proposed to replace them
with words such as noncitizens or unauthorized immigrants.

But Republicans in the House of Representatives added language to a pending
budget bill that would mandate continued use of the terms.

In a debate Thursday on the House floor, Rep. Tom Graves, R-Ga., said his
proposal is not meant to demean anyone but to keep the library consistent with
American immigration law, which refers to undocumented immigrants as illegal
aliens.

Democrats criticized Republicans, linking their support of the term "illegal
aliens" to Donald Trump, the likely Republican presidential nominee. Democrats
and some Republicans have criticized Trump for his harsh words about Mexican
immigrants, as well as for his more recent claim that an American-born federal
judge with Mexican parents could not be fair in a case involving a business that
was called Trump University.

"In a week that saw House Republicans defend Trump's racist comments about
federal Judge Gonzalo Curiel, it is disappointing, but not surprising, that they
are now taking unprecedented steps in order to preserve an offensive term that
has no place in our discourse," Luján said.

A day earlier, Republicans killed an alternative proposal, co-sponsored by
Democratic Reps. Joaquin Castro of Texas and Michelle Lujan Grisham of
Albuquerque, that would have replaced the term "illegal alien" with
"undocumented foreign national."

Lujan Grisham has said the term "illegal alien" is unnecessary in this day and
age. "Worse, we've seen how these terms are used to demean and devalue human
beings for political purposes."

Castro said that Republicans used the budget bill to politicize the debate.

"It's inappropriate that Republicans are using a funding bill to legislate, and
it's discouraging that they are so adamantly supporting the use of harmful
language," Castro said Thursday in a statement of his own.

A spokeswoman for Rep. Steve Pearce of Hobbs, the lone Republican in the New
Mexico congressional delegation, did not respond to questions from The New
Mexican asking what Pearce's stance was.

Though the Library of Congress said in its March announcement that the term
"illegal alien" had taken on a pejorative meaning, it wants to change the term
because "alien" could be confused with the word for a being from another planet.

Some congressional Republicans defended Trump's comments, and others criticized
what Trump said but remained his supporters. For instance,Rep. Paul Ryan of
Wisconsin, the speaker of the House, said he would continue to support Trump for
president but regarded Trump's comment about the judge to be "racist."

Republican Gov. Susana Martinez, whose paternal grandparents came to the U.S.
from Mexico in the early 1900s, told The Associated Press on Thursday through a
spokesman that she "strongly disagrees with some of Mr. Trump's rhetoric and
positions, including his comments about a federal judge."

In Martinez's first campaign and term, she referred to undocumented immigrants
as "illegal aliens." More recently, she has referred to them as "illegal
immigrants," a term that advocacy groups also say is dehumanizing.

In 2006, former Gov. Bill Richardson, a Democrat, used the term "illegal alien"
when referring to people committing crime at the U.S.-Mexico border.

In this year's legislative session in New Mexico, a debate similar to the one in
Congress occurred, but it was brief.

Republican Sens. Sander Rue and Mark Moores of Albuquerque referred to
immigrants as "aliens" during a debate on a law that allows undocumented
immigrants who live in New Mexico to obtain driver's licenses.

Sen. Howie Morales, D-Silver City, responded: "Never, ever should a human being
be referred to as an alien."

Contact Uriel Garcia at 505-986-3062 or ugarcia@sfnewmexican.com Follow him on
Twitter @ujohnnyg.

___ (c)2016 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160610-SF-Use-of-term-illegal-alien-stirs-heated-debate-in-Congress-0610-20160
610

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2016 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                              68 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            August 8, 2007 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

Media's misogyny demeans all of society

BYLINE: JAMILLAH KARIM, AMY CAIAZZA; For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 15A

LENGTH: 784 words


A talented athlete is grabbed at a track meet, and dozens of men assault her
with sexual slurs and lewd innuendos. Who wouldn't be outraged by such a blatant
violation of an athlete's dignity?

Well, the perpetrator of this outrage wasn't a kidnapper. He was a blogger, who
grabbed not the talented athlete herself --- high school pole vaulter Allison
Stokke --- but her photograph. And she was assaulted verbally not by dozens of
men, but by hundreds of thousands.

Such is the sanitized violence of the Internet.

A year-old picture of Stokke idly adjusting her hair at a track meet in New York
had been plastered across the Internet. The picture, taken by a track and field
journalist and posted as part of a report on a track Web site, was sent to
blogger Matt Ufford in an e-mail from one of his readers. A three-minute video
of Stokke standing against a wall at another meet had been posted on YouTube and
viewed 150,000 times. After that, these images raced around the world, calling
down a deluge of electronic obscenities on the young track star.

Where does a young male blogger get the idea that women are primarily around for
the pleasure of men, to be demeaned and treated as live meat?

In our society, he is taught it daily in a massive and pervasive media campaign
that both demeans women and deadens men's sensitivity to them. From advertising
to commercial music to the commercialized Internet, the disrespect of women,
their bodies and their humanity --- in short, the commodification of half the
human race --- is where the money is.

It is far from benign. It is an overpowering invitation to violence, and it
targets highly impressionable, not yet mature young men who are trying to come
to grips with their emerging sexuality.

The impact on young women is powerful and powerfully demoralizing. The two of
us, one a professor at a historically black women's college, one a political
scientist at a women's research organization, interact every day with bright,
amazing women who should not have to live surrounded by cruelly distorted images
and language that demean and devalue them. But they do. Stokke's experience is
most young women's experience writ large: totally unwittingly, a young woman
becomes the object of leering. Trying to prove herself as an athlete, she is
turned into a thing.

As appalling as her experience is, it is far from unique. Every day from coast
to coast, buses traverse cities with half-naked women on their sides.
Twenty-four hours a day, music videos portray women as trophies for male
musicians. Prominent, strong women are sexualized in the media: even Nancy
Pelosi and Condoleezza Rice are routinely subjected to sexual assessments on the
Internet and in print media.

And what messages do young men get --- if not that women are primarily there to
fulfill their sexual fantasies and that men are expected to possess and dominate
them? That women are commodities to be utilized?

Why should we as a society allow the most powerful tools of public education ---
the media, the Internet --- to be dominated by the proponents of this violence
against women? Why do we not demand that these tools of public education promote
mutual respect among people, women as well as men?

We are hopeful, because we witness firsthand the small but insistent actions by
young women to challenge violence and misogynistic images. They ask their
boyfriends, their husbands, their brothers to stop consuming these images
uncritically. They speak out, insisting that we recognize that viewing and
forwarding demeaning images of women-as-things contributes to the problem. They
call on their schools and their churches to counter the highly sexual content of
commercial mass media with positive images of women's strength.

None of this, however, lets business, media and politicians off the hook.
Mass-media and entertainment executives should monitor the image of women that
they distribute --- and take swift action against inappropriate content,
certainly swifter than MSNBC did with radio personality Don Imus. Businesses
should pull their advertising dollars from outlets that demean women, starting
with MTV. Policy-makers should explore serious options for regulating the
Internet, including the application of harassment laws for distributing the kind
of virtual violence perpetrated against Stokke.

Treating women as objects is not just "boys being boys." It is boys being taught
to demean women, to possess and dominate women, and to expose women to the
constant threat of violence.

* Dr. Jamillah Karim (top) is an assistant professor of religion at Spelman
College in Atlanta. Dr. Amy Caiazza is director of Democracy and Society
Programs at the Institute for Women's Policy Research.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Dr. Jamillah Karim (top) is an assistant professor of religion
at Spelman College in Atlanta. /ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: Dr. Amy Caiazza is director of Democracy and Society Programs at the
Institute for Women's Policy Research./ImageData* ImageData*
Graphic: JON KRAUSE / NewsArt/ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2007 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              69 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 19, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Speech Code of the Month: University of Central Missouri

LENGTH: 879  words

DATELINE: Washington


Foundation for Individual Rights in Education has issued the following news
release:

FIRE announces its Speech Code of the Month for November 2014: the University of
Central Missouri.

While restrictive speech codes are on the decline nationwide, the University of
Central Missouri (UCM) adopted several new, unconstitutional speech codes last
year--a move that earned UCM FIRE's worst, "red light," rating for severely
restricting students' free speech rights.

One of those new policies is found in the "Student Rights and Responsibilities"
section of UCM's Guide to Good Decision-Making (PDF). Pursuant to the "Right to
Non-Discrimination, Equal Access, and Fair Treatment" (PDF), students can face
unspecified consequences for constitutionally protected speech if someone else
finds it subjectively "hateful" or "demeaning":

In some cases, lively debate can lead to disagreement and misunderstanding. We
expect students to develop the skills to handle such disagreements with respect
and civility. ... Students who engage in rhetoric or actions that demean
individuals or groups are not well suited to the academic environment. Such
behavior is antithetical to learning and may actually compromise the educational
opportunities of others. Consequently, for the greater good of the learning
community, individuals who engage in hateful rhetoric or discriminatory
behaviors may be held accountable in a manner consistent with their rights as
citizens under state and federal law.

This policy is bound to have disastrous consequences for free and open debate on
campus. Indeed, the policy actually cites "lively debate" as a context in which
a violation might occur!

It is fine for a university to encourage civil debate. Indeed, most people will
quickly learn on their own that civil, reasoned argument is usually the most
effective--after all, it is difficult to convince someone of your side of an
argument if you have insulted and demeaned them in the process. But there will
also be times when tensions are high and passions are inflamed, and students
need to know that their university will protect their right to speak in heated
and emotional ways about the issues that matter most to them.

The Israeli-Palestinian conflict provides a good context for understanding how
policies like UCM's can lead directly to censorship of protected political
speech. Just look, for example, at the case of Professor Steven Salaita. Earlier
this year, the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (UIUC) revoked its
offer of a tenured professorship to Salaita after Salaita posted a series of
controversial Israel-related tweets to his personal Twitter account (for
example: "At this point, if Netanyahu appeared on TV with a necklace made from
the teeth of Palestinian children, would anybody be surprised? #Gaza").

Several weeks after that decision, UIUC Chancellor Phyllis Wise publicly
addressed the Salaita controversy. Her message paid lip service to the
importance of unfettered debate, but she then wrote--as though Salaita's speech
was not part of unfettered debate:

What we cannot and will not tolerate at the University of Illinois are personal
and disrespectful words or actions that demean and abuse either viewpoints
themselves or those who express them.

Chancellor Wise went on to emphasize that faculty members must be able to debate
in a "civil, thoughtful and mutually respectful manner."

Chancellor Wise's words are remarkably similar to the language of the UCM
policy; both reference the need for civility and respect, as well as a ban on
words that "demean." A UCM student wishing to speak passionately about the
Israeli-Palestinian conflict, therefore, would rightly be concerned that the
university might decide that he or she is "not well suited to the academic
environment" and that he or she would be "held accountable" in whatever way the
university saw fit.

UCM is a public university, legally bound to uphold its students' First
Amendment rights. It cannot limit debate on campus to only that which it judges
appropriately civil and respectful. Rather, it must allow its students to engage
in the full range of constitutionally protected speech and expression, which
includes a great deal of speech that some might find hateful or demeaning. Given
the pressure to censor that universities often come under from students
themselves, it is not hard to understand why so many colleges and universities
fear controversy these days. But giving in to demands for censorship only
emboldens those calling for censorship to demand ever-greater restrictions on
speech.

For these reasons, UCM is our November 2014 Speech Code of the Month. If you
believe that your college's or university's policy should be a Speech Code of
the Month, please email speechcodes@thefire.org with a link to the policy and a
brief description of why you think attention should be drawn to this code. If
you are a current college student or faculty member interested in free speech,
consider joining FIRE's Student Network, an organization of college faculty
members and students dedicated to advancing individual liberties on their
campuses.

Schools: University of Central Missouri

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 18, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Speech Code of the Month: University of Central Missouri

LENGTH: 879  words

DATELINE: Washington


Foundation for Individual Rights in Education has issued the following news
release:

FIRE announces its Speech Code of the Month for November 2014: the University of
Central Missouri.

While restrictive speech codes are on the decline nationwide, the University of
Central Missouri (UCM) adopted several new, unconstitutional speech codes last
year--a move that earned UCM FIRE's worst, "red light," rating for severely
restricting students' free speech rights.

One of those new policies is found in the "Student Rights and Responsibilities"
section of UCM's Guide to Good Decision-Making (PDF). Pursuant to the "Right to
Non-Discrimination, Equal Access, and Fair Treatment" (PDF), students can face
unspecified consequences for constitutionally protected speech if someone else
finds it subjectively "hateful" or "demeaning":

In some cases, lively debate can lead to disagreement and misunderstanding. We
expect students to develop the skills to handle such disagreements with respect
and civility. ... Students who engage in rhetoric or actions that demean
individuals or groups are not well suited to the academic environment. Such
behavior is antithetical to learning and may actually compromise the educational
opportunities of others. Consequently, for the greater good of the learning
community, individuals who engage in hateful rhetoric or discriminatory
behaviors may be held accountable in a manner consistent with their rights as
citizens under state and federal law.

This policy is bound to have disastrous consequences for free and open debate on
campus. Indeed, the policy actually cites "lively debate" as a context in which
a violation might occur!

It is fine for a university to encourage civil debate. Indeed, most people will
quickly learn on their own that civil, reasoned argument is usually the most
effective--after all, it is difficult to convince someone of your side of an
argument if you have insulted and demeaned them in the process. But there will
also be times when tensions are high and passions are inflamed, and students
need to know that their university will protect their right to speak in heated
and emotional ways about the issues that matter most to them.

The Israeli-Palestinian conflict provides a good context for understanding how
policies like UCM's can lead directly to censorship of protected political
speech. Just look, for example, at the case of Professor Steven Salaita. Earlier
this year, the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (UIUC) revoked its
offer of a tenured professorship to Salaita after Salaita posted a series of
controversial Israel-related tweets to his personal Twitter account (for
example: "At this point, if Netanyahu appeared on TV with a necklace made from
the teeth of Palestinian children, would anybody be surprised? #Gaza").

Several weeks after that decision, UIUC Chancellor Phyllis Wise publicly
addressed the Salaita controversy. Her message paid lip service to the
importance of unfettered debate, but she then wrote--as though Salaita's speech
was not part of unfettered debate:

What we cannot and will not tolerate at the University of Illinois are personal
and disrespectful words or actions that demean and abuse either viewpoints
themselves or those who express them.

Chancellor Wise went on to emphasize that faculty members must be able to debate
in a "civil, thoughtful and mutually respectful manner."

Chancellor Wise's words are remarkably similar to the language of the UCM
policy; both reference the need for civility and respect, as well as a ban on
words that "demean." A UCM student wishing to speak passionately about the
Israeli-Palestinian conflict, therefore, would rightly be concerned that the
university might decide that he or she is "not well suited to the academic
environment" and that he or she would be "held accountable" in whatever way the
university saw fit.

UCM is a public university, legally bound to uphold its students' First
Amendment rights. It cannot limit debate on campus to only that which it judges
appropriately civil and respectful. Rather, it must allow its students to engage
in the full range of constitutionally protected speech and expression, which
includes a great deal of speech that some might find hateful or demeaning. Given
the pressure to censor that universities often come under from students
themselves, it is not hard to understand why so many colleges and universities
fear controversy these days. But giving in to demands for censorship only
emboldens those calling for censorship to demand ever-greater restrictions on
speech.

For these reasons, UCM is our November 2014 Speech Code of the Month. If you
believe that your college's or university's policy should be a Speech Code of
the Month, please email speechcodes@thefire.org with a link to the policy and a
brief description of why you think attention should be drawn to this code. If
you are a current college student or faculty member interested in free speech,
consider joining FIRE's Student Network, an organization of college faculty
members and students dedicated to advancing individual liberties on their
campuses.

Schools: University of Central Missouri

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 17, 2014 Monday

Washington: Speech Code of the Month: University of Central Missouri

LENGTH: 879  words

DATELINE: Washington


Foundation for Individual Rights in Education has issued the following news
release:

FIRE announces its Speech Code of the Month for November 2014: the University of
Central Missouri.

While restrictive speech codes are on the decline nationwide, the University of
Central Missouri (UCM) adopted several new, unconstitutional speech codes last
year--a move that earned UCM FIRE's worst, "red light," rating for severely
restricting students' free speech rights.

One of those new policies is found in the "Student Rights and Responsibilities"
section of UCM's Guide to Good Decision-Making (PDF). Pursuant to the "Right to
Non-Discrimination, Equal Access, and Fair Treatment" (PDF), students can face
unspecified consequences for constitutionally protected speech if someone else
finds it subjectively "hateful" or "demeaning":

In some cases, lively debate can lead to disagreement and misunderstanding. We
expect students to develop the skills to handle such disagreements with respect
and civility. ... Students who engage in rhetoric or actions that demean
individuals or groups are not well suited to the academic environment. Such
behavior is antithetical to learning and may actually compromise the educational
opportunities of others. Consequently, for the greater good of the learning
community, individuals who engage in hateful rhetoric or discriminatory
behaviors may be held accountable in a manner consistent with their rights as
citizens under state and federal law.

This policy is bound to have disastrous consequences for free and open debate on
campus. Indeed, the policy actually cites "lively debate" as a context in which
a violation might occur!

It is fine for a university to encourage civil debate. Indeed, most people will
quickly learn on their own that civil, reasoned argument is usually the most
effective--after all, it is difficult to convince someone of your side of an
argument if you have insulted and demeaned them in the process. But there will
also be times when tensions are high and passions are inflamed, and students
need to know that their university will protect their right to speak in heated
and emotional ways about the issues that matter most to them.

The Israeli-Palestinian conflict provides a good context for understanding how
policies like UCM's can lead directly to censorship of protected political
speech. Just look, for example, at the case of Professor Steven Salaita. Earlier
this year, the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (UIUC) revoked its
offer of a tenured professorship to Salaita after Salaita posted a series of
controversial Israel-related tweets to his personal Twitter account (for
example: "At this point, if Netanyahu appeared on TV with a necklace made from
the teeth of Palestinian children, would anybody be surprised? #Gaza").

Several weeks after that decision, UIUC Chancellor Phyllis Wise publicly
addressed the Salaita controversy. Her message paid lip service to the
importance of unfettered debate, but she then wrote--as though Salaita's speech
was not part of unfettered debate:

What we cannot and will not tolerate at the University of Illinois are personal
and disrespectful words or actions that demean and abuse either viewpoints
themselves or those who express them.

Chancellor Wise went on to emphasize that faculty members must be able to debate
in a "civil, thoughtful and mutually respectful manner."

Chancellor Wise's words are remarkably similar to the language of the UCM
policy; both reference the need for civility and respect, as well as a ban on
words that "demean." A UCM student wishing to speak passionately about the
Israeli-Palestinian conflict, therefore, would rightly be concerned that the
university might decide that he or she is "not well suited to the academic
environment" and that he or she would be "held accountable" in whatever way the
university saw fit.

UCM is a public university, legally bound to uphold its students' First
Amendment rights. It cannot limit debate on campus to only that which it judges
appropriately civil and respectful. Rather, it must allow its students to engage
in the full range of constitutionally protected speech and expression, which
includes a great deal of speech that some might find hateful or demeaning. Given
the pressure to censor that universities often come under from students
themselves, it is not hard to understand why so many colleges and universities
fear controversy these days. But giving in to demands for censorship only
emboldens those calling for censorship to demand ever-greater restrictions on
speech.

For these reasons, UCM is our November 2014 Speech Code of the Month. If you
believe that your college's or university's policy should be a Speech Code of
the Month, please email speechcodes@thefire.org with a link to the policy and a
brief description of why you think attention should be drawn to this code. If
you are a current college student or faculty member interested in free speech,
consider joining FIRE's Student Network, an organization of college faculty
members and students dedicated to advancing individual liberties on their
campuses.

Schools: University of Central Missouri

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 15, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Speech Code of the Month: University of Central Missouri

LENGTH: 879  words

DATELINE: Washington


Foundation for Individual Rights in Education has issued the following news
release:

FIRE announces its Speech Code of the Month for November 2014: the University of
Central Missouri.

While restrictive speech codes are on the decline nationwide, the University of
Central Missouri (UCM) adopted several new, unconstitutional speech codes last
year--a move that earned UCM FIRE's worst, "red light," rating for severely
restricting students' free speech rights.

One of those new policies is found in the "Student Rights and Responsibilities"
section of UCM's Guide to Good Decision-Making (PDF). Pursuant to the "Right to
Non-Discrimination, Equal Access, and Fair Treatment" (PDF), students can face
unspecified consequences for constitutionally protected speech if someone else
finds it subjectively "hateful" or "demeaning":

In some cases, lively debate can lead to disagreement and misunderstanding. We
expect students to develop the skills to handle such disagreements with respect
and civility. ... Students who engage in rhetoric or actions that demean
individuals or groups are not well suited to the academic environment. Such
behavior is antithetical to learning and may actually compromise the educational
opportunities of others. Consequently, for the greater good of the learning
community, individuals who engage in hateful rhetoric or discriminatory
behaviors may be held accountable in a manner consistent with their rights as
citizens under state and federal law.

This policy is bound to have disastrous consequences for free and open debate on
campus. Indeed, the policy actually cites "lively debate" as a context in which
a violation might occur!

It is fine for a university to encourage civil debate. Indeed, most people will
quickly learn on their own that civil, reasoned argument is usually the most
effective--after all, it is difficult to convince someone of your side of an
argument if you have insulted and demeaned them in the process. But there will
also be times when tensions are high and passions are inflamed, and students
need to know that their university will protect their right to speak in heated
and emotional ways about the issues that matter most to them.

The Israeli-Palestinian conflict provides a good context for understanding how
policies like UCM's can lead directly to censorship of protected political
speech. Just look, for example, at the case of Professor Steven Salaita. Earlier
this year, the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (UIUC) revoked its
offer of a tenured professorship to Salaita after Salaita posted a series of
controversial Israel-related tweets to his personal Twitter account (for
example: "At this point, if Netanyahu appeared on TV with a necklace made from
the teeth of Palestinian children, would anybody be surprised? #Gaza").

Several weeks after that decision, UIUC Chancellor Phyllis Wise publicly
addressed the Salaita controversy. Her message paid lip service to the
importance of unfettered debate, but she then wrote--as though Salaita's speech
was not part of unfettered debate:

What we cannot and will not tolerate at the University of Illinois are personal
and disrespectful words or actions that demean and abuse either viewpoints
themselves or those who express them.

Chancellor Wise went on to emphasize that faculty members must be able to debate
in a "civil, thoughtful and mutually respectful manner."

Chancellor Wise's words are remarkably similar to the language of the UCM
policy; both reference the need for civility and respect, as well as a ban on
words that "demean." A UCM student wishing to speak passionately about the
Israeli-Palestinian conflict, therefore, would rightly be concerned that the
university might decide that he or she is "not well suited to the academic
environment" and that he or she would be "held accountable" in whatever way the
university saw fit.

UCM is a public university, legally bound to uphold its students' First
Amendment rights. It cannot limit debate on campus to only that which it judges
appropriately civil and respectful. Rather, it must allow its students to engage
in the full range of constitutionally protected speech and expression, which
includes a great deal of speech that some might find hateful or demeaning. Given
the pressure to censor that universities often come under from students
themselves, it is not hard to understand why so many colleges and universities
fear controversy these days. But giving in to demands for censorship only
emboldens those calling for censorship to demand ever-greater restrictions on
speech.

For these reasons, UCM is our November 2014 Speech Code of the Month. If you
believe that your college's or university's policy should be a Speech Code of
the Month, please email speechcodes@thefire.org with a link to the policy and a
brief description of why you think attention should be drawn to this code. If
you are a current college student or faculty member interested in free speech,
consider joining FIRE's Student Network, an organization of college faculty
members and students dedicated to advancing individual liberties on their
campuses.

Schools: University of Central Missouri

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 14, 2014 Friday

Washington: Speech Code of the Month: University of Central Missouri

LENGTH: 879  words

DATELINE: Washington


Foundation for Individual Rights in Education has issued the following news
release:

FIRE announces its Speech Code of the Month for November 2014: the University of
Central Missouri.

While restrictive speech codes are on the decline nationwide, the University of
Central Missouri (UCM) adopted several new, unconstitutional speech codes last
year--a move that earned UCM FIRE's worst, "red light," rating for severely
restricting students' free speech rights.

One of those new policies is found in the "Student Rights and Responsibilities"
section of UCM's Guide to Good Decision-Making (PDF). Pursuant to the "Right to
Non-Discrimination, Equal Access, and Fair Treatment" (PDF), students can face
unspecified consequences for constitutionally protected speech if someone else
finds it subjectively "hateful" or "demeaning":

In some cases, lively debate can lead to disagreement and misunderstanding. We
expect students to develop the skills to handle such disagreements with respect
and civility. ... Students who engage in rhetoric or actions that demean
individuals or groups are not well suited to the academic environment. Such
behavior is antithetical to learning and may actually compromise the educational
opportunities of others. Consequently, for the greater good of the learning
community, individuals who engage in hateful rhetoric or discriminatory
behaviors may be held accountable in a manner consistent with their rights as
citizens under state and federal law.

This policy is bound to have disastrous consequences for free and open debate on
campus. Indeed, the policy actually cites "lively debate" as a context in which
a violation might occur!

It is fine for a university to encourage civil debate. Indeed, most people will
quickly learn on their own that civil, reasoned argument is usually the most
effective--after all, it is difficult to convince someone of your side of an
argument if you have insulted and demeaned them in the process. But there will
also be times when tensions are high and passions are inflamed, and students
need to know that their university will protect their right to speak in heated
and emotional ways about the issues that matter most to them.

The Israeli-Palestinian conflict provides a good context for understanding how
policies like UCM's can lead directly to censorship of protected political
speech. Just look, for example, at the case of Professor Steven Salaita. Earlier
this year, the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (UIUC) revoked its
offer of a tenured professorship to Salaita after Salaita posted a series of
controversial Israel-related tweets to his personal Twitter account (for
example: "At this point, if Netanyahu appeared on TV with a necklace made from
the teeth of Palestinian children, would anybody be surprised? #Gaza").

Several weeks after that decision, UIUC Chancellor Phyllis Wise publicly
addressed the Salaita controversy. Her message paid lip service to the
importance of unfettered debate, but she then wrote--as though Salaita's speech
was not part of unfettered debate:

What we cannot and will not tolerate at the University of Illinois are personal
and disrespectful words or actions that demean and abuse either viewpoints
themselves or those who express them.

Chancellor Wise went on to emphasize that faculty members must be able to debate
in a "civil, thoughtful and mutually respectful manner."

Chancellor Wise's words are remarkably similar to the language of the UCM
policy; both reference the need for civility and respect, as well as a ban on
words that "demean." A UCM student wishing to speak passionately about the
Israeli-Palestinian conflict, therefore, would rightly be concerned that the
university might decide that he or she is "not well suited to the academic
environment" and that he or she would be "held accountable" in whatever way the
university saw fit.

UCM is a public university, legally bound to uphold its students' First
Amendment rights. It cannot limit debate on campus to only that which it judges
appropriately civil and respectful. Rather, it must allow its students to engage
in the full range of constitutionally protected speech and expression, which
includes a great deal of speech that some might find hateful or demeaning. Given
the pressure to censor that universities often come under from students
themselves, it is not hard to understand why so many colleges and universities
fear controversy these days. But giving in to demands for censorship only
emboldens those calling for censorship to demand ever-greater restrictions on
speech.

For these reasons, UCM is our November 2014 Speech Code of the Month. If you
believe that your college's or university's policy should be a Speech Code of
the Month, please email speechcodes@thefire.org with a link to the policy and a
brief description of why you think attention should be drawn to this code. If
you are a current college student or faculty member interested in free speech,
consider joining FIRE's Student Network, an organization of college faculty
members and students dedicated to advancing individual liberties on their
campuses.

Schools: University of Central Missouri

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 13, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Speech Code of the Month: University of Central Missouri

LENGTH: 879  words

DATELINE: Washington


Foundation for Individual Rights in Education has issued the following news
release:

FIRE announces its Speech Code of the Month for November 2014: the University of
Central Missouri.

While restrictive speech codes are on the decline nationwide, the University of
Central Missouri (UCM) adopted several new, unconstitutional speech codes last
year--a move that earned UCM FIRE's worst, "red light," rating for severely
restricting students' free speech rights.

One of those new policies is found in the "Student Rights and Responsibilities"
section of UCM's Guide to Good Decision-Making (PDF). Pursuant to the "Right to
Non-Discrimination, Equal Access, and Fair Treatment" (PDF), students can face
unspecified consequences for constitutionally protected speech if someone else
finds it subjectively "hateful" or "demeaning":

In some cases, lively debate can lead to disagreement and misunderstanding. We
expect students to develop the skills to handle such disagreements with respect
and civility. ... Students who engage in rhetoric or actions that demean
individuals or groups are not well suited to the academic environment. Such
behavior is antithetical to learning and may actually compromise the educational
opportunities of others. Consequently, for the greater good of the learning
community, individuals who engage in hateful rhetoric or discriminatory
behaviors may be held accountable in a manner consistent with their rights as
citizens under state and federal law.

This policy is bound to have disastrous consequences for free and open debate on
campus. Indeed, the policy actually cites "lively debate" as a context in which
a violation might occur!

It is fine for a university to encourage civil debate. Indeed, most people will
quickly learn on their own that civil, reasoned argument is usually the most
effective--after all, it is difficult to convince someone of your side of an
argument if you have insulted and demeaned them in the process. But there will
also be times when tensions are high and passions are inflamed, and students
need to know that their university will protect their right to speak in heated
and emotional ways about the issues that matter most to them.

The Israeli-Palestinian conflict provides a good context for understanding how
policies like UCM's can lead directly to censorship of protected political
speech. Just look, for example, at the case of Professor Steven Salaita. Earlier
this year, the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign (UIUC) revoked its
offer of a tenured professorship to Salaita after Salaita posted a series of
controversial Israel-related tweets to his personal Twitter account (for
example: "At this point, if Netanyahu appeared on TV with a necklace made from
the teeth of Palestinian children, would anybody be surprised? #Gaza").

Several weeks after that decision, UIUC Chancellor Phyllis Wise publicly
addressed the Salaita controversy. Her message paid lip service to the
importance of unfettered debate, but she then wrote--as though Salaita's speech
was not part of unfettered debate:

What we cannot and will not tolerate at the University of Illinois are personal
and disrespectful words or actions that demean and abuse either viewpoints
themselves or those who express them.

Chancellor Wise went on to emphasize that faculty members must be able to debate
in a "civil, thoughtful and mutually respectful manner."

Chancellor Wise's words are remarkably similar to the language of the UCM
policy; both reference the need for civility and respect, as well as a ban on
words that "demean." A UCM student wishing to speak passionately about the
Israeli-Palestinian conflict, therefore, would rightly be concerned that the
university might decide that he or she is "not well suited to the academic
environment" and that he or she would be "held accountable" in whatever way the
university saw fit.

UCM is a public university, legally bound to uphold its students' First
Amendment rights. It cannot limit debate on campus to only that which it judges
appropriately civil and respectful. Rather, it must allow its students to engage
in the full range of constitutionally protected speech and expression, which
includes a great deal of speech that some might find hateful or demeaning. Given
the pressure to censor that universities often come under from students
themselves, it is not hard to understand why so many colleges and universities
fear controversy these days. But giving in to demands for censorship only
emboldens those calling for censorship to demand ever-greater restrictions on
speech.

For these reasons, UCM is our November 2014 Speech Code of the Month. If you
believe that your college's or university's policy should be a Speech Code of
the Month, please email speechcodes@thefire.org with a link to the policy and a
brief description of why you think attention should be drawn to this code. If
you are a current college student or faculty member interested in free speech,
consider joining FIRE's Student Network, an organization of college faculty
members and students dedicated to advancing individual liberties on their
campuses.

Schools: University of Central Missouri

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             March 23, 2012 Friday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

GREEN MACHINE Via Verde in the Bronx sets the bar for affordable-housing
complexes worldwide

BYLINE: BY JASON SHEFTELL DAILY NEWS REAL ESTATE CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: BEST PLACES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1349 words


If you don't think real estate in the South Bronx can get the blood moving and
excite the soul, spend some time at Via Verde, a mammoth income-regulated
housing complex near the Hub at 704 Brook Ave. at 156th St.

It also gets the money flowing. Group after group and couple after couple who
tour the $100 million project with over 40,000 square feet of usable green roof
and garden space put 5% down on two-bedroom homes starting at $146,032. Of 71
coop units, only 26 remain. Some went in a -lottery. Others are going as fast as
you can say "open house."

The award-winning Via Verde is known around the world as one of the finest
projects of its kind, combining green design with affordability to spur urban
renewal. But let's forget urban renewal. It demeans the people who live around
this great neighborhood and own businesses here. (Yes, the Hub, with its fashion
retail, furniture stores and boxing gym is great). It also demeans the people
who plan on moving in here. This project is about opportunity, home ownership
and securing a future for your family in New York City. It's urban survival, not
renewal.

John Valverde works up the street. He directs a green career center for the
non-profit Osborne Association. The focus is training out-of-work and
low-skilled people for employment in the eco-friendly construction and energy
efficiency trades. He's placed hundreds of workers at local construction sites.
Valverde, married to an architect from Costa Rica, will move into Via Verde this
summer.

"Yes, this is a transformation for this neighborhood, but it's more than that,"
says Valverde, now living in Ozone Park, Queens. "It's a commitment to
sustainability and the difference architecture and vision can make in the lives
of people who live here and near here. Via Verde is the future of how we all
should live. I want to be able to live well in New York for a long time. We can
do it here."

Designed by London and New York-based Grimshaw in partnership with Dattner
Architects, the project is a lesson in ingenuity. You can virtually climb to the
building's seventh floor in a semi-circle via a string of outdoor green roofs.
You walk up an -amphitheatre overlooking a children's playground. Then you pass
a small evergreen farm before passing an orchard of apple and peach trees.
Turning the corner, organic food boxes to be shared by residents overlook a
baseball field and Manhattan skyline on one side and the sheer size of Via Verde
on the other.

Still climbing, another straightaway leads up a wired outdoor stairwell past
solar panels that provide electricity to all common spaces in the building. A
series of trestles and a green roof garden lead to the seventh floor fitness
center, another amenity. The point here is that Via Verde is designed as an
-energy-efficient model and a way to inspire health in a housing community.

Developed by Jonathan Rose Companies and Phipps Housing, which won the right to
build the site after winning a contest sponsored by the New York City Department
of Housing Preservation, the New York chapter of the American Institure of
Architects, and the State Energy Research and Development Authority, Via Verde
also has a 20-story rental tower and 9,500 square feet of retail set aside for a
Montefiore Medical Center.

"This is the next generation of green affordable housing," says Paul Freitag,
managing director of development for Jonathan Rose Companies. "We think urban
architecture and development needs to focus on health and efficiency. Via Verde
does mean 'Green Way.' This is the way we need to build, live and think. The
design and sales success says this isn't just a guess or a trend anymore. It's a
fact."

Inside the building, eco-friendly homes have cross-ventilation, low VOC-paints,
bamboo cabinets, hardwood floors, simple porcelain tile, solar shading for each
window, energy-saving appliances and efficient mechanical systems. All units
come with built-in work stations, dishwashers and washer/dryers. One line of
duplex two-bedroom, 1½ bath homes has balconies, open kitchens and smart lines
on the stairwell. A few remain for $179,000. In the West Village, homes less
practical, eco-advanced and architecturally stunning list for $1.5 million-plus.

The full variety of homes originally available at Via Verde includes work-live
townhouses, mid-rise, and high-rise units. From the rental building's 20th floor
common roof space, you can survey the south, north and central Bronx, inspecting
the variety of housing projects over the years that attempted to improve the
urban condition. Some worked. Some failed. Via Verde hopes to define the new way
of building and living.

"This lives up to its expectations of being a global model for affordable
housing," says Michael Wadman, vice president of Phipps Houses, the New York
area's largest and oldest non-profit devoted to the affordable housing sector.
"The borough president, -Ruben Diaz Jr., said it best: 'Once the Bronx was
burning, now we're planting gardens in the sky.' We're excited to see this done,
but just as excited to see the community in action when the place is filled."

On a sunny but cold Saturday in March, Via Verde drew at least 100 house
hunters. Some had already put down a deposit. They were returning to check the
construction progress. Others were working with agents Eleanor Vernon and Stacey
Bond to complete their applications and purchase packages, which include past
tax documents, pay stubs and credit reports. With monthly maintenance and a
mortgage, buyers of the two-bedrooms for $146,000 can expect to pay around
$1,580 total. One-bedroom owners will pay less. Income qualifications cannot be
less than $54,200 per household or more than $145,250.

Bronx-native Michael Reed runs sales at the development. A 20-year veteran of
selling affordable housing, Reed has a big smile and positive but matter-of-fact
delivery that is refreshing from a real estate sales professional. Potential
buyers respond to him as well as Via Verde's one-of-a-kind design. A former bond
trader, Reed finds daily fulfillment in working the affordable home sector.

"Here I was on Wall St., watching billions of dollars move around every day," he
says. "Then I would come home to the Bronx, where I was born, and see people
living in terrible conditions. I wanted to do something about it, something
where I could make a difference."

Working the condo and co-op circuit, Reed has put thousands of first-time buyers
into their homes.

"The big sell here is the price," says Reed walking three generations of a
family through the complex. "That's why people are here. The location, design
and green thing seal the deal."

Josie Bisono bought a ground-floor three-bedroom. Living in Harlem, Bisono went
to high school in the Bronx. She took three friends to see her new home.

"When I first asked people about this neighborhood, they were like, 'I don't
know, moving there from Manhattan?'" says Bisono, smirking playfully at the
friend with her now who said that. "It's gorgeous, though, and close to the
subway. I like the industrial look."

Anytime I've walked it, the Melrose neighborhood and the Hub teem with people.
Street vendors joke with pedestrians as they walk by. Urban clothing stores
blast music. Around the corner, not two blocks away, Via Verde stands tall,
rising like a stadium or giant emblem of a neighborhood on the up-and-up. That's
what it is. This is not social experimentation. It's a place to live, at a fair
price, for hardworking people. Silver in the sun, lit up at night as it will be
when full, Via Verde is not a symbol of gentrification or hope, it's good
building and smart thinking.

"This will be a real residential community," says Reed. "It cracks me up when
people come out and put money down and then say, 'Wait, I'm moving back to the
Bronx.' But now they say it with pride. There is something very good about
that."

YOU SHOULD KNOW

What: Via Verde, viaverdenyc.com, a groundbreaking affordable housing complex in
the Bronx, recognized globally for design and green-building.

Why: Price and community. Homes start at $134,000. Call 718-585-5111.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Via Verde stands tall, glistening in the South Bronx sun ENID ALVAREZ
DAILY NEWS Left, a rendering of complex shows the -succession of green roofs.
Below, a walk to the gym shows the scale of the project. Right and far right,
balconies and sun blockers; a closeup of the photo-voltaic panels Broker Mike
Reed (l.)shows prospects around A spacious living room in a two-bedroom duplex
in Via Verde has picture windows with views Buyers Maria Soto and John Valverde
and agent Stacey Bond GEIMSHAW, ENID ALVAREZ DAILY NEWS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Daily News, L.P.


                              76 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              June 27, 2003 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

THE SUPREME COURT: HOMOSEXUAL RIGHTS;
JUSTICES, 6-3, LEGALIZE GAY SEXUAL CONDUCT IN SWEEPING REVERSAL OF COURT'S '86
RULING

BYLINE:  By LINDA GREENHOUSE

SECTION: Section A; Column 6; National Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1503 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 26


The Supreme Court issued a sweeping declaration of constitutional liberty for
gay men and lesbians today, overruling a Texas sodomy law in the broadest
possible terms and effectively apologizing for a contrary 1986 decision that the
majority said "demeans the lives of homosexual persons." The vote was 6 to 3.

Gays are "entitled to respect for their private lives," Justice Anthony M.
Kennedy said for the court. "The state cannot demean their existence or control
their destiny by making their private sexual conduct a crime."

Justice Kennedy said further that "adults may choose to enter upon this
relationship in the confines of their homes and their own private lives and
still retain their dignity as free persons." Excerpts, Pages A18-19.

While the result had been widely anticipated since the court agreed in December
to hear an appeal brought by two Houston men who were prosecuted for having sex
in their home, few people on either side of the case expected a decision of such
scope from a court that only 17 years ago, in Bowers v. Hardwick, had dismissed
the same constitutional argument as "facetious." The court overturned that
precedent today.

In a scathing dissent, Justice Antonin Scalia accused the court of having "taken
sides in the culture war" and having "largely signed on to the so-called
homosexual agenda." He said that the decision "effectively decrees the end of
all morals legislation" and made same-sex marriage, which the majority opinion
did not discuss, a logical if not inevitable next step. Chief Justice William H.
Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas signed Justice Scalia's dissent.

While some gay rights lawyers said that there were still abundant legal
obstacles to establishing a right either to gay marriage or to military service
by gay soldiers, there was no doubt that the decision had profound legal and
political implications. A conservative Supreme Court has now identified the gay
rights cause as a basic civil rights issue.

Ruth Harlow, legal director of the Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund and
the lead counsel for the two men, John G. Lawrence and Tyron Garner, called the
decision "historic and transformative." Suzanne Goldberg, a professor at Rutgers
Law School who had represented the men in the Texas courts, said that the
decision would affect "every kind of case" involving gay people, including
employment, child custody and visitation, and adoption.

"It removes the reflexive assumption of gay people's inferiority," Professor
Goldberg said. "Bowers took away the humanity of gay people, and this decision
gives it back."

The vote to overturn Bowers v. Hardwick was 5 to 4, with Justice Kennedy joined
by Justices John Paul Stevens, David H. Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen
G. Breyer.

"Bowers was not correct when it was decided, and it is not correct today,"
Justice Kennedy said. "Its continuance as precedent demeans the lives of
homosexual persons."

Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, who was part of the 5-to-4 majority in Bowers v.
Hardwick, did not join Justice Kennedy in overruling it. But she provided the
sixth vote for overturning the Texas sodomy law in a forcefully written separate
opinion that attacked the law on equal protection grounds because it made
"deviate sexual intercourse" -- oral or anal sex -- a crime only between
same-sex couples and not for heterosexuals.

"A law branding one class of persons as criminal solely based on the state's
moral disapproval of that class and the conduct association with that class runs
contrary to the values of the Constitution and the Equal Protection Clause,"
Justice O'Connor said.

Texas was one of only four states -- Kansas, Oklahoma and Missouri are the
others -- to apply a criminal sodomy law exclusively to same-sex partners. An
additional nine states -- Alabama, Florida, Idaho, Louisiana, Mississippi, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Utah and Virginia -- have criminal sodomy laws on
their books that in theory, if not in practice, apply to opposite-sex couples as
well. As a result of the majority's broad declaration today that the government
cannot make this kind of private sexual choice a crime, all those laws are now
invalid.

Twenty-five states had such laws at the time the court decided Bowers v.
Hardwick. The Georgia sodomy law the court upheld in that case was overturned by
a state court ruling in 1998. Some of the other state laws have been repealed
and others invalidated by state courts.

In the Texas case, Mr. Lawrence and Mr. Garner were discovered by the Houston
police while having sex in Mr. Lawrence's apartment. The police entered through
an unlocked door after receiving a report from a neighbor of a "weapons
disturbance" in the apartment. The neighbor was later convicted of filing a
false report.

The men were held in jail overnight. They later pleaded no contest, preserving
their right to appeal, and were each fined $200. The Texas state courts rejected
their constitutional challenge to the law.

Asked today for the Bush administration's reaction to the ruling, Ari Fleischer,
the White House press secretary, noted that the administration had not filed a
brief in the case. "And now this is a state matter," he said. In fact, the
decision today, Lawrence v. Texas, No. 02-102, took what had been a
state-by-state matter and pronounced a binding national constitutional
principle.

The delicacy of the moment for the White House was apparent. Groups representing
the socially conservative side of the Republican Party reacted to the decision
with alarm and fury. On the other hand, important libertarian groups had
supported the challenge to the Texas law. Justice Thomas, who is often in
sympathy with libertarian arguments, wrote a brief separate dissenting opinion
today with a nod in that direction.

He said he would vote to repeal the law if he were a member of the Texas
Legislature. "Punishing someone for expressing his sexual preference through
noncommercial consensual conduct with another adult does not appear to be a
worthy way to expend valuable law enforcement resources," Justice Thomas said,
but added that he could not overturn the law as a judge because he did not see a
constitutional basis for doing so.

Charles Francis, co-chairman of the Republican Unity Coalition, a group of gay
and heterosexual Republicans seeking to defuse the issue within the party, said
today, "I hope the giant middle of our party can look at this decision not as a
threat but as a breakthrough for human understanding." The group includes
prominent Republicans like former President Gerald R. Ford, David Rockefeller
and Alan K. Simpson, the former senator from Wyoming, who is its honorary
chairman. No member of the Bush administration has joined the group, Mr. Francis
said.

As the court concluded its term today, the absence of any sign of a retirement
meant that the issue was not likely to surface in judicial politics anytime
soon. There was a tense and ultimately humorous moment in the courtroom this
morning when, after the announcements of decisions, Chief Justice Rehnquist
brought the term to a close with his customary words of thanks to the court
staff.

"The court today notes the retirement," he then said drily as those in the
audience caught their breath, "of librarian Shelley Dowling." A collective sigh
and audible chuckles followed as the marshal, Pamela Talkin, banged her gavel
and the nine justices left the bench, all of them evidently planning to return
when the court meets on Sept. 8 for arguments in the campaign finance case.

Earlier, as Justice Kennedy was reading excerpts from his decision, the mood in
the courtroom went from enormous tension and then -- on the part of the numerous
gay and lesbian lawyers seated in the bar section -- to visible relief. By the
time he referred to the dignity and respect to which he said gays were entitled,
several were weeping, silently but openly.

The majority opinion was notable in many respects: its critical dissection of a
recent precedent; its use of a decision by the European Court of Human Rights,
supporting gay rights, to show that the court under Bowers v. Hardwick was out
of step with other Western countries; and its many citations to the court's
privacy precedents, including the abortion rights cases.

The citations to Roe v. Wade and Planned Parenthood v. Casey appeared
particularly to inflame Justice Scalia. If Bowers v. Hardwick merited
overruling, he said, so too did Roe v. Wade. He also said that laws against
bigamy, adultery, prostitution, bestiality and obscenity were now susceptible to
challenges.

The majority opinion did not precisely respond to that prediction, noting
instead that the right claimed by Mr. Lawrence and Mr. Garner did not involve
prostitution, public behavior, coercion or minors.

The fundamental debate on the court was over the meaning of the Constitution's
due process guarantee, which Justice Kennedy said was sufficiently expansive so
that "persons in every generation can invoke its principles in their own search
for greater freedom."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Tyron Garner, left, and John G. Lawrence, right, who won their
appeal, are greeted by a supporter at a rally. (Erich Schlegel/The Dallas
Morning News, via Associated Press)(pg. A1); Ruth Harlow, lead counsel for the
two men challenging the Texas sodomy law, and Bill Hohengarten, another member
of the legal team. (Doug Mills/The New York Times)(pg. A19) Chart: "ON THE
BOOKS: Legislating Sexual Behavior"Prior to yesterdays Supreme Court ruling, 13
states had sodomy laws. (Source: Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund)(pg.
A19) Map of United States highlighting states where law applied only to partners
of same sex and states where law applied to partners of same sex and opposite
sex. (pg. A19)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              77 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           September 24, 2006 Sunday

Why the 'U' shouldn't present 'The Pope and the Witch' play

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 11B

LENGTH: 541 words


I am writing in response to the Pioneer Press' editorial "Play is no threat to
Catholic Church" (Sept. 20).

The editorial argues from two premises:

a. free speech is good, and

b. the Catholic Church is big enough to take it.

Before moving on to what I believe are issues that are more critical, let's look
at those. Free speech, used responsibly, is good! There are laws against slander
and libel. The Supreme Court says one may not shout "fire" in a crowded theater.
So who gets to say what is responsible? Well, in a sense we all, collectively,
do. Our community standards generally do not approve of ridicule and mockery
against one group of people. Even if, under the law of the land, one has a
"right" to do it, that does not make it "right."

Second, the Church is "big enough" to take it. That may be. It did, after all,
survive the first few hundred years of relentless persecution and attack. But
that does not make it fair game for any type of attack today.

The real and fundamental issues have to do with people and the character of the
University of Minnesota.

In my letter to Robert H. Bruininks, president of the university, I cited three
items of concern.

First, to go out of one's way to offend any segment of the population is wrong.
Certainly, reasoned and civil debate is OK. Intelligent disagreement with the
beliefs the Catholic Church promulgates is one thing, but to ridicule, demean or
demonize the people of the church for what they believe or teach is quite
another, and unacceptable. That is the gist of this play -- to demean and
demonize the pope and people of the church. This is Catholic bashing. It is a
slippery slope from sarcasm (somewhat OK) to ridicule and mockery (not OK). It
might not be as difficult to accept from a non-public-supported institution. It
is not good that the U produced this play. It is not worthy of the institution.

Second, what kind of message does it send to the U's students? The university
has an obligation to educate its students by example in the moral values of
respect and tolerance. Is ridicule of religious belief OK? Is ridicule of any
segment of society OK? Production of this play lends moral credence by the
university to the notion of intolerance.

Aside from what it teaches the students at the U, the play is ridicule. If the
play had been about ridicule of a person for being gay, would it have been
allowed? Hate speech, which triggers mindless action, has been the cause of
harassment and death of many homosexuals. If you think we have not arrived at
that state regarding Catholics, do not forget about the neo-Nazis and the like.
There are plenty of groups around that dislike/hate Catholics. I would think at
least the university would be liable for civil and perhaps criminal damages that
result from this kind of hate speech.

Lastly, why would the university not militate against it let alone allow it or.
even worse, participate in it. Like it or not, this place sets the values and
community standards for the next generation of leadership in Minnesota.

We have pressed and will continue to press the U not to produce this play (or
any similar gratuitous expression of ridicule against the Catholic Church).

Pat Phillips of Roseville is president of the Catholic Defense League.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                                November 9, 2016

Proper response on freedom of speech

LENGTH: 455  words


"The Department of Residential Life recognizes that students living in
residential communities have certain responsibilities in their relationship to
other community members and to their environment. These responsibilities
include: ... Avoid using the written or spoken word in a way that demeans,
defames, offends, slanders, or discriminates."

Those words, part of N. C. Central University's policy on "Community Living
Standards -- Rights and Responsibilities," caught the critical eye -- rightfully
-- of a national group that monitors what it sees as infringement on free speech
on college and university campuses.

And the university, to its credit, quickly excised the questionable language.

The operative statement that drew a "red light" rating from the Foundation for
Individual Rights in Education was the admonition to avoid "written or spoken
word" to demean, defame, and so on.

The policy undoubtedly was well intentioned, an effort to impose civility and
discourage insulting or damaging characterization of fellow students. It's
emblematic of the difficult terrain institutions of higher education navigate
these days as they ponder how to do that while retaining a university's
critically important and defining commitment to robust debate and unfettered
speech.

NCCU is far from alone in being called out by FAIR -- a press release from the
group last week grouped the university with 110 others it said are "clearly and
substantially restricting student and faculty speech on campus."

As it happens, our other local universities -- Duke University and the
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill -- are the only two in the state
that FAIR gives a "green light" for polices that "nominally protect free speech
on campus."

The "green light" designation, FAIR's website explains, means a "college or
university's policies do not seriously imperil speech." A "red light" indicates
an "institution has at least one policy that both clearly and substantially
restricts freedom of speech."

The NCCU policy is "an extraordinarily broad regulation that leaves students
vulnerable to punishment" for speech that "subjectively offends another
student," said Samantha Harris, FAIR's director of policy research.

Within days of the release, NCCU issued its statement pledging to remove the
wording at issue. Moreover, the school's Department of Residential Life will
"continue to review its standards and guidelines as we strive to protect and
uphold the First Amendment rights of our students ad employees."

We applaud NCCU's prompt and proper reaction to the assertion that it' policy
had strayed into the surely unintended area of hampering students' rights to
free expression, and welcome its continued review of it speech policies.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                          September 22, 2011 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Why Mr Jobsworth is so mean

BYLINE: Nick Collins

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 177 words


DISGRUNTLED middle managers and council clerks try to belittle others because of
a "toxic" combination of authority and a lack of status, scientists claim.

Having a job that comes with power but is not respected leads people to insult
and try to demean others, American researchers found.

The theory is that low status makes a person feel threatened, but having a
measure of authority frees them to act on their negative feelings without the
fear of repercussions.

The research could explain why some government clerks and middle-ranking bosses
appear to take pleasure in being rude and seeking to humiliate others.

Researchers carried out an experiment with students in which individuals were
given a high-ranking "idea producer" role or a low-status "worker" role. The
students were paired up in a business exercise and asked to select an activity
for their partner.

Those assigned low status roles were more likely to pick an activity which would
demean their partner, such as barking like a dog.

The research was carried out at the University of Southern California.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTLscot


                  Copyright 2011 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            February 2, 2015 Monday
                                  Main Edition

Readers write: Feb. 2

BYLINE: for the AJC

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 449 words


Recent executions demean Georgia

Two back-to-back executions have been carried out by the state in 2015. First,
Georgia executed Andrew Brannan --- the first execution in the U.S. this year
--- on Jan. 13 for the horrid shooting of a young deputy sheriff at a routine
traffic stop many years ago. Even so, two wrongs have never made a right.
Brannan suffered from long-term post-traumatic stress disorder as a result of
combat experiences in Vietnam, often having flashbacks and behavior issues. It
was established by several psychiatrists that he was "not in his right mind"
when he killed this officer.

On Tuesday, Georgia executed Warren Lee Hill for the killing of a fellow inmate
after Hill was already serving a life sentence for killing a girlfriend. Both of
Hill's killings were despicable, but numerous psychiatric and psychological
reviews documented his IQ at 70 --- low enough to exempt him from execution in
most states. Georgia has no comparable restrictions, and it has executed the
mentally incompetent for decades, as well as juveniles up until recently.

Undoubtedly, such barbaric, inhumane --- indeed, shameful --- executions are
likely to continue in Georgia. Still, the day will come when the executions of
mentally retarded and challenged people will be seen as a despicable practice
that only demean this state. EUGENE F. ELANDER, DAHLONEGA

Winning Hawks cure fan blues

The Hawks are proving that winning is the best cure for anything. It's just a
matter of time until new ownership will make us forget about the blunders of
Bruce Levenson and crew. Maybe Danny Ferry will be welcomed back. After all,
he's the one who got rid of dead weight and brought in players who pulled their
weight, as well as coach "Bud" and his excellent group of assistants. The Hawks
are winning because they're playing the way basketball was meant to be played,
and the fans are loving it. JERRY SCHWARTZ, ALPHARETTA

School bus drivers deserve insurance

Having lived in Georgia for a little over a year, I am no longer surprised by
the numerous instances of corruption and shenanigans by local and state
politicians, as continuously reported by the AJC. However, I must say the
reasoning used by Gov. Nathan Deal in his effort to eliminate state health
insurance for school bus drivers goes beyond the pale. Unfortunately, he didn't
say that since these part-time workers have access to health insurance, the
state should consider providing similar coverage to other part-time state
employees. I do, however, have one question: Do Georgia legislators have
state-provided insurance? If so, shouldn't Gov. Deal also propose eliminating
coverage for these part-time employees? NATHAN TINANOFF, MARIETTA

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2015 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              81 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Mercury (South Africa)

                              June 25, 2010 Friday
                                   E1 Edition

Determining the real victims of racism;
Victimhood is not a privileged, exclusive status to be protected from charlatans
like gays who want to gatecrash the club and 'demean' genuine victims

BYLINE:  PETER FABRICIUS

SECTION: Pg. 19

LENGTH: 686 words


South Africa's ambassador to the UN in Geneva, Jerry Mat-jila, made a most
revealing statement to the UN Human Rights Council last week on South Africa's
Youth Day, June 16.

The council was discussing a report of the special rapporteur on racism, Githu
Muigai, of Kenya, in which he stated that "the identity of each individual is
made up of a multitude of components, such as gender, age, nationality,
profession, sexual orientation, political opinion, religious affiliation and
social origin".

Later in the debate Matjila responded: "The special rapporteur seems to suggest
that sexual orientation is grounds for racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia
and related intolerance.

"This approach demeans the legitimate plight of the victims of racism and shifts
the focus."

Matjila added that at the 2001 World Conference Against Racism, Racial
Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance, "the victims of scourges"
had been clearly identified "after difficult and prolonged negotiations" and had
been clearly listed in the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action (DDPA).
Sexual orientation was not among them.

"South Africa disagrees with the inclusion of victims implicitly or explicitly
other than those listed in the DDPA," Matjila said.

Gay rights activists have expressed great dismay at these "offensive" remarks.
"No one advancing equality and non-discrimination in a truly inclusive manner
would ever suggest that recognising one group demeans another," one said.

Matjila evidently esteems the DDPA above his own country's constitution, which
clearly protects gays against discrimination, as the Constitutional Court has
confirmed.

Was this statement deliberate or just thoughtless? This is not the first time a
South African diplomat has left his constitution in his pocket on the issue of
sexual orientation.

South Africa's ambassador to the UN in New York, Dumisani Kumalo, refused to
support a French declaration in support of gay rights in 2007/2008, apparently
to avoid offending fellow African governments, many of which are rabidly
homophobic.

Was Matjila motivated by the same concern? South Africa routinely votes en bloc
with other African and Arab states on the UN Human Rights Council, sometimes
thereby taking softer positions on human rights than it does in other
international bodies such as the UN General Assembly.

The African-Arab bloc is mostly opposed to gay rights, so perhaps Matjila was
speaking "en bloc".

Yet even the DDPA did not explicitly exclude gays from protection against
discrimination, though it did not explicitly include them either - because of
the strong views largely of the African-Arab bloc.

Paragraph 2 of the Durban Declaration was deliberately drafted in inclusive
fashion to embrace not only race, but also "discrimination based on other
related grounds such as sex, language, religion, political or other opinion,
social origin, property, birth or other status". So Matjila could simply have
said nothing.

For an administration which has made a big claim to be a champion of South
Africa's domestic values and interests in its foreign policy, his statement was
especially strange. The really interesting aspect of his statement, though, is
what it reveals about the psychology of victimhood. One might have thought that
being a victim of discrimination was something you would want eventually to put
behind you, after due redress, of course.

But Matjila's statement suggests that he sees victimhood as a kind of
privileged, exclusive status which must be protected from charlatans like gays
who want to gatecrash the club and thereby "demean" genuine victims.

That is an extraordinarily narrow-minded and mean-spirited attitude.

By all means let us deny membership of the club to, say, not very bright
students crying intellectual discrimination because they are not given PhDs. But
gays do not seem to be clamouring for positive discrimination, such as
affirmative action contracts, which might reduce the common pool available to
"genuine" victims.

They just don't want to be discriminated against, which they clearly often are.
How does that hurt the victims of racism?

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NM


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              San Gabriel Valley Tribune (San Gabriel Valley, CA)

                            November 15, 2002 Friday

Venue shopping demeans us

LENGTH: 336 words


"ONE nation, under God [or not] with liberty and justice for all" [or so we'd
like to believe].

However, in the Mohammad/Malvo case, admittedly among the most heinous crime
sprees ever prosecuted, justice for all appears to have translated into "justice
within a jurisdiction most likely to result in the imposition of a death
penalty," which, according to Attorney General John Ashcroft, would definitely
not include Maryland [where the majority of these spree killings occurred], but
rather, Virginia, a state that has sent 86 souls to the death house over the
last 24 years, compared to a measly three courtesy of the state of Maryland.

While I have no quarrel with meting out the severest of penalties to these two
animals -- even death, should that be the law of the land -- it does seem to me
that the drafters of the Constitution and its Bill of Rights more likely had in
mind the nature of the crime, not where it was committed, when "justice for all"
became the law of the land.

"Venue-shopping" demeans both the integrity of the Constitution and the premise
that we are one nation committed to justice for all and equal protection under
the law, not the law of Maryland or the law of the District of Columbia, or of
Fairfax County or Falls Church!

Adding insult to insult, federal prosecutors have dropped capital murder charges
against the duo in Maryland [all 10 of 'em!] in order to clear the way for
Virginia to prosecute the two murders that occurred in that state. Other factors
favoring Virginia over Maryland in this venue-shopping exercise include, among
other things, the proficiency of individual prosecutors in obtaining death
penalty convictions, particularly in high-profile cases, and the political [of
all things!] ramifications of going with or against the grain of John Ashcroft
and the party in power.

Anyone looking for a good argument against the death penalty need look no
further than the absurdity of these shenanigans to make a case.Joan Terry
Pasadena

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

   Copyright 2002 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.


                              83 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             March 27, 2015 Friday
                                CA CHASE EDITION

NCAA should exit indy;
Concern laudable, but bold action needed to fight Indiana's anti-gay law

BYLINE: Nancy Armour

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 703 words


The NCAA should be applauded for swiftly and strongly expressing its disapproval
of Indiana's new law that cloaks discrimination in "religious freedom."

But it can't stop there.

It is too late to pull this year's Final Four from Indianapolis, given it is
next weekend and there's no other city that would have an arena and several
thousand hotel rooms available. But the NCAA can -- and should -- tell Indiana
lawmakers that their prejudice and mean-spiritedness have cost the state the
privilege of hosting any other collegiate sporting event.

The 2016 women's Final Four scheduled to be held in Indianapolis? Not anymore.

The early-round games for the men's tournament that Indianapolis is looking
forward to hosting in 2017? They'll be moved somewhere else.

The 2021 men's Final Four that was awarded to Indianapolis? That'll be going to
a more enlightened state, such as Minnesota.

Swimming, hockey, cross country, gymnastics, rowing, soccer, tennis -- Indiana
won't be seeing any of their championships anytime soon, either.

And in what would be the biggest threat of all, the NCAA ought to tell Gov. Mike
Pence and his lunatic-fringe lawmakers that it no longer feels at home in
Indiana and will look at moving its headquarters from Indianapolis to a state
where God-given diversity is something to be celebrated rather than feared.

"The NCAA national office and our members are deeply committed to providing an
inclusive environment for all our events," NCAA President Mark Emmert said in a
statement after Pence signed the law Thursday. "We are especially concerned
about how this legislation could affect our student-athletes and employees."

As well the NCAA -- and anyone else doing business in Indiana -- should be.

The law gives businesses the right to refuse service to gay and lesbian couples,
but it's really intended to allow the bigots and small-minded to discriminate
against people they fear and don't understand. Hard as Pence tries to spin it,
this was nothing more than appeasement for conservative groups still bitter over
their failure last year to add an amendment to the Indiana Constitution banning
same-sex marriage.

Conservatives like to play the religious freedom card at the mere suggestion
gays and lesbians -- or anyone they consider different -- deserve to be treated
with dignity and respect. You know, as all people should be.

Never mind that one of the founding principles in this country is the separation
of church and state, specifically included in the Constitution so no one could
use their faith as an excuse to bully or demean others. Or that these folks are
on the wrong side of history, with gay marriage legal in 37 states and the
Supreme Court expected to strike down remaining barriers this summer.

Discrimination, in any form, demeans us all, and the NCAA is right to be
concerned.

The NCAA already struggles to attract quality people for its top positions. The
hours are long, the work is often thankless and there's rarely a day that goes
by that the organization isn't being criticized for its decisions and policies.
Telling future employees they won't be welcome in the state where they'll be
living and working is only going to make hiring the right people harder.

Then there's the message this law sends to young people. According to The Trevor
Project, gay, lesbian and bisexual teens are four times more likely to attempt
suicide than heterosexual youths. A law like Indiana's tells these vulnerable
youth -- some of whom are NCAA athletes -- that they don't matter, that their
lives have less worth.

"We will work diligently to assure student-athletes competing in, and visitors
attending, next week's men's Final Four in Indianapolis are not impacted
negatively by this bill," Emmert said. "We intend to closely examine the
implications of this bill and how it might affect future events as well as our
workforce."

Indiana lawmakers naive enough to consider this an idle threat should talk to
their counterparts in South Carolina, which has been banned from hosting NCAA
championships since 2001 because the Confederate flag flies at the state
Capitol.

The NCAA is in the business of  athletics, not social justice. But some issues
are  too important to view from the sidelines.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Rick Osentoski, USA TODAY Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2015 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                            January 4, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Fox affiliate disowns adoption reality show;
Local station stands alone against 'Who's Your Daddy?'

BYLINE: TOM FOREMAN JR. Associated Press

SECTION: INSIDE FRONT; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 642  words


RALEIGH -- Raleigh-Durham's WRAZ-TV is once again taking a stand against what it
sees as offensive reality television, becoming the nation's only Fox affiliate
refusing to air Monday night's special "Who's Your Daddy?"

WRAZ general manager Tommy Schenck said the station had concerns from the moment
it heard the premise of the show, which offered a $100,000 prize if an adoptive
daughter could pick her birth father from a lineup.

"It's a reality show dealing with real people, and it's dealing with a subject
that is of high emotion, especially for people who have been touched by adoption
in some way," Schenck said in a telephone interview Monday.

He said the decision not to air the show was sealed after managers received an
advance copy last week. Their conclusion: "We just don't think adoption is a
game show."

The special features a woman and her birth father, who were both involved in
simultaneous searches for one another. He was one of eight potential dads
presented to her, and the woman won the money if she pinpointed him. If she was
wrong, the impostor whom she chose would win a prize.

Producers said the pretaped special was a "positive experience" for both the
woman and her father, and urged viewers not to prejudge it.

"The special was thoroughly vetted by our standards and practices department to
ensure that it was appropriate for broadcast," said Scott Grogin, Fox spokesman.
"However, any network affiliate that feels the programming may be inappropriate
for their individual market has the right to preempt the schedule.

This marks the fourth time WRAZ has pre-empted its network's reality
programming. It previously was the nation's only Fox affiliate to refuse to air
"Married by America," and it also decided against "Who Wants to Marry a
Multi-Millionaire" and "Temptation Island."

"We respect their decisions to produce programming that they think can generate
audience, but in turn, they respect our right and our obligation to serve our
loyal community," Schenck said.

Schenck said Fox does offer positive reality programming, pointing to "American
Idol" as an example. That show has been especially good for the Raleigh-Durham
market in the last two seasons; 2004 winner Fantasia Barrino is from nearby High
Point, and 2003 runner-up Clay Aiken is a Raleigh native. But Schenck said some
reality shows go too far.

"I think if a show cheapens or demeans an important, real-life issue, we're
going to be really concerned about it," Schenck said. "We want to be a good Fox
affiliate and a good partner with the network. We think we have been, but when
it's a reality show, and it cheapens and demeans real-life issues, we think that
crosses the line."

Schenck said adoption professionals as well as people who have had experience
with adoption urged the station not to air the Fox special, saying they were
deeply affected by the premise and thought it could be damaging. He said he
hasn't heard from anyone objecting to the decision not to air the show.

The National Council for Adoption has asked all Fox affiliates not to air the
reality special, which the council said "would exploit the sensitive emotions of
adoption."

WRAZ was the only station known to have responded by pulling the show.

"I think that was a very positive decision," said Michael Safley, president and
CEO of Raleigh's Methodist Home for Children. "I understand the need to find
biological parents, but I think there are better ways to find them than a game
show."

In place of "Who's Your Daddy?" WRAZ will broadcast a documentary, "I Have Roots
and Branches: Personal Reflections on Adoption," which Schenck said gives a
honest message about adoption.

"It's a beautiful film," Schenck said. "We were really moved by it."

The Fox Television Studios has filmed six separate "Who's Your Daddy?" shows,
but the network has not yet scheduled any of the others to air.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 The Durham Herald Co.


                              85 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 25, 2000, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Demeaning to All

SECTION: Section A; Page 24; Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 87 words



To the Editor:

Ruth Bayard Smith is right when she points out that shock radio frequently
demeans women ("Listen to the Radio and Get an Earful," Op-Ed, July 22).

But I would argue that such programming demeans men every bit as much as it does
women. When these talk-show hosts depict themselves as being "just regular guys"
and make blanket statements about "what guys like," they create a negative
stereotype that other men must carry with them as a burden.

KENNETH GREEN
Austin, Tex., July 22, 2000

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              86 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    FEBRUARY 24, 2004 Tuesday CITY-D EDITION

Suit: TV show demeans voodoo;
An advocacy group for African religions contends
that the Sci Fi Channel series degrades the religion.

BYLINE: Joseph A. Slobodzian INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS PHILADELPHIA & ITS SUBURBS; Pg. B04

LENGTH: 438 words


A Philadelphia-based advocacy group for African religions yesterday sued
Universal Studios and producers for cable's Sci Fi Channel, contending that a
forthcoming "reality series" demeans and misrepresents the voodoo religion.

The federal lawsuit filed by the National African Religion Congress Inc. against
Universal Studios Inc., USA Cable Entertainment, and House of Eleven Productions
seeks a court order requiring the producers of Mad Mad House to change their
advertising and programming.

"People already have negative feelings about this religion without a program
like this exacerbating things," said George Ware, president of the five-year-old
congress. The congress claims 4,500 members representing such religions as Akan,
the Orisa Tradition of Trinidad and Tobago, Ifa, Santeria-Yoruba, voodoo,
Candomble and Lucumi, including 500 in the tristate Philadelphia area.

In promotions in print and on cable, Sci Fi describes Mad Mad House, premiering
March 4, as a reality series in which "10 everyday people" move into a house run
by "five genuine practitioners of alternative lifestyles."

The "Alts" - a vampire, Wiccan, naturist, voodoo priestess and modern primitive
- put their 10 guests through "tolerance testing activities," one promotion
says, and then vote weekly to decide who is banished and who ultimately wins a
$100,000 prize.

The lawsuit contends that the program's voodoo priestess, Iya Ta'Shia Asanti, is
actually a priestess of "Yemoja in the Ifa tradition," a faith of the Yoruba
people of Africa.

Asanti does not dress as a voodoo priestess, the lawsuit continues, and a
commercial showing participants being placed into a pit and covered with animal
parts and entrails does not represent voodoo or Ifa.

A spokesman for producers Arthur Smith and Kent Weed in Los Angeles referred
questions to Universal's offices for the Sci Fi Channel in New York. Kat Stein,
a senior vice president for communications, said she could not comment on the
suit before consulting with the channel's lawyers.

The lawsuit contends that producers reached an agreement with Asanti only after
Gro Mambo Angela Novanyon, a recognized Haitian voodoo high priestess in
Philadelphia who founded the congress, refused to participate in Mad Mad House.

The lawsuit asks for a federal judge to require the producers of Mad Mad House
to properly identify Asanti as an Ifa, not a voodoo, priestess and prohibit them
from "airing any episode . . . that falsely portrays any practice of
African-based religions."

Contact staff writer Joseph A. Slobodzian at 215-854-2658 or
jslobodzian@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            April 17, 2014 Thursday

Attorney overstates number of federal judges who have sided with same-sex
marriage advocates since June 2013

LENGTH: 1555  words


For nearly a year, many federal judges have uniformly held that marriage is a
fundamental right for all, a pair of lawyers said April 8, 2014, during the
Civil Rights Summit at the Lyndon B. Johnson Presidential Library.
Attorney David Boies, speaking after Ted Olson aired a similar point, put it
this way: "Here you have more than 30 federal judges who have considered the
issue of gay and lesbian rights since last June. And every one of
them--appointed by Republicans, appointed by Democrats, appointed by all of the
last four or five presidents--in every area of the country, in Texas to Utah to
Ohio to Oklahoma to Michigan, north south east west, every political
affiliation, they've all ruled the same way. Every one of them has ruled that
marriage is a constitutional right and you cannot deprive individual citizens of
that right based on their sexual orientation."


We suspect Boies singled out judicial rulings since June 2013 because the U.S.
Supreme Court that month overturned the federal Defense of Marriage Act, which
had been enacted in 1996 to limit marriage, under federal law, to the union of
one man and one woman.
Writing for the 5-4 majority in U.S. v. Windsor, Supreme Court Justice Anthony
Kennedy said the law, known as DOMA, violated the core constitutional principle
that people are entitled to equal protection under the law. Kennedy said DOMA's
main purpose was to demean and stigmatize homosexuals, relegating them to
second-class status and humiliating the children they are raising. Kennedy
concluded there can be no legitimate government purpose for a law intended to
"disparage and to injure."
Did more than 30 federal judges subsequently hold marriage to be a right for
all?
After asking Boies' office for his backup information, we turned to Lambda
Legal, a gay rights group, for its analysis.
Spokesman Tom Warnke emailed us its compendium of pending "marriage equality"
cases. As of March 6, 2014, according to the breakdown, the marriage
restrictions of 28 states were at issue in 55 pending lawsuits--37 in federal
court and 18 in state court. Only seven states that don't currently provide for
"marriage equality" were lacking legal challenges, according to the document:
Alaska, Georgia, Indiana, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota and South Dakota.
By our read, the breakdown showed several federal judges siding with
gay-marriage proponents, though we didn't see the count getting as high as
30--or even 20.
Using the breakdown and news stories we found using the Nexis search tool, we
identified favorable rulings by district judges issued from December 2013
through February 2014 in Utah, Oklahoma, Virginia, Illinois, Texas, Kentucky,
Michigan and Ohio:

On Dec. 20, 2013, U.S. District Judge Robert J. Shelby of Utah said the state's
ban on gay marriage "conflicts with the United States Constitution's guarantees
of equal protection and due process under the law. The state's current laws deny
its gay and lesbian citizens their fundamental right to marry and, in so doing,
demean the dignity of these same-sex couples for no rational reason," the New
York Times reported in a news story posted online that day.
On Jan. 14, 2014, U.S. Senior Judge Terence Kern struck down Oklahoma's ban on
same-sex marriage, saying it "intentionally discriminates against same-sex
couples desiring an Oklahoma marriage license without a legally sufficient
justification," according to a news story posted online that day by the Daily
Oklahoman.
On Feb. 13, 2014, U.S. District Judge Arenda Wright Allen of Virginia held the
state's "marriage laws unconstitutionally deny Virginia's gay and lesbian
citizens the fundamental freedom to choose to marry," according to a USA Today
news story posted the next morning.
On Feb. 21, 2014, U.S. District Judge Sharon Johnson Coleman issued a decision
enabling Cook County couples to marry regardless of sexual orientation. In her
decision, according to a Chicago Tribune news story posted online that day,
Coleman said "there is no reason to delay further when no opposition has been
presented to this court and committed gay and lesbian couples have already
suffered from the denial of their fundamental right to marry."
On Feb. 26, 2014, U.S District Judge Orlando Garcia of San Antonio, an appointee
of Democratic President Bill Clinton, ruled unconstitutional the Texas ban on
gay marriage and issued an injunction barring Texas from enforcing its
prohibitions on same-sex couples marrying, the Austin American-Statesman said in
a news story posted that evening. "Without a rational relation to a legitimate
government purpose, state-imposed inequality can find no refuge in our United
States Constitution," Garcia held, though he stayed the ruling, enabling the 5th
Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans to weigh in before Texans attempted to
wed.
On Feb. 27, 2014, U.S. District Judge John G. Heyburn II of Kentucky threw out
part of Kentucky's marriage restrictions, formalizing his Feb. 12 ruling that
Kentucky's ban on same-sex marriages treated "gay and lesbian persons
differently in a way that demeans them," Fox News reported. "Same-sex couples
may change their names on official identifications and documents and obtain any
other benefits of a married couple in Kentucky," the story said, though the
"order doesn't affect a related lawsuit seeking to force the state to issue
marriage licenses to same-sex couples."

On March 21, 2014, U.S. Senior Judge Bernard Friedman of Michigan overturned the
state's voter-approved bar on gay marriages, saying in his ruling that the limit
violated the equal protection clause of the constitution.
The Statesman story on the Texas ruling said a judge had forced Ohio to
recognize out-of-state same-sex marriages on death certificates. And after that
story ran, U.S. District Judge Timothy Black of Ohio said April 4, 2014, that he
intended to order Ohio to recognize out-of-state gay marriages, a move that
strikes down part of the state's ban on gay marriages, the Associated Press
reported that day.Lynn Wardle, a Brigham Young University law professor who has
advocated that the Constitution leaves it to legislators to stipulate who may
marry, emailed us his March 2014 paper on the legal status of marriage around
the world, which brought to our attention two more rulings, one of them not to
any advocate's advantage.
In a Tennessee case--which gets us to nine federal judges supportive of the
legality of same-sex marriage since late 2013--U.S. District Judge Aleta Trauger
on March 14, 2014, granted a preliminary injunction against the state's same-sex
marriage ban in certain instances, the Tennessean newspaper reported that day.
"At this point, all signs indicate that, in the eyes of the United States
Constitution, the plaintiffs' marriages will be placed on an equal footing with
those of heterosexual couples and that proscriptions against same-sex marriage
will soon become a footnote in the annals of American history," Trauger wrote.

By phone, Wardle suggested there has been at least a speed bump among the
rulings in that a federal judge in Wisconsin declined to grant plaintiffs a
preliminary injunction against the state's bar on gay marriage, though he said
that doesn't signal she'll ultimately rule against the plaintiffs.
According to an undated web post by Lesbian/Gay Law Notes, published by the the
LGBT Bar Association of Greater New York, the Wisconsin judge, Barbara B. Crabb,
told plaintiffs that if they withdrew their motion for a preliminary injunction,
she would set an expedited trial schedule; they did and she did.
Our search yielded one ruling by a state appeals court arguably in the spirit of
Boies' claim. According to an Associated Press news story, New Mexico's Supreme
Court legalized gay marriage Dec. 19, 2013, by deeming the denial of marriage
licenses to gay and lesbian couples in violation of the state constitution's
"equal protection" clause.

Meantime, Wardle guided us to William C. Duncan, the Utah-based president of the
Marriage Law Foundation, which says it provides legal resources to defend and
protect marriage between a husband and wife.
By email, Duncan said he doesn't see how Boies' "more than 30" count of federal
judges ruling favorably for gay-marriage proponents since June 2013 factually
bears out. Duncan specularted that since then, more than 30 cases have been
filed challenging state marriage laws.
That's different than what Boies said, no? "Definitely," Duncan said.
We failed to connect with Boies while a spokeswoman for his law firm, Dawn
Schneider, suggested by email that his statement referred to much more than
marriage equality rulings. We sought elaboration and didn't hear back.
Our ruling
Boies said that since June 2013, every one of more than 30 federal judges who
have considered gay and lesbian rights "has ruled that marriage is a
constitutional right and you cannot deprive individual citizens of that right
based on their sexual orientation."
District judges have almost uniformly ruled for gay-marriage plaintiffs in this
timeframe, but Boies' count of such judges is considerably off.  We identified
nine federal district judges who have issued such rulings since last June.
We rate this claim, which has an element of truth, as Mostly False.
© 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            April 8, 2015 Wednesday

Respect for POTUS

LENGTH: 179 words


On April 3, President Obama visited Hill Air Force Base in Ogden. Although I do
not reside in Utah at present - I am a law student at the University of Arizona
- I grew up in Salt Lake City. I have a deep-rooted passion for that area. His
visit to my home state is an honor.

The local response during President Obama's visit disheartened me, the negative
and disrespectful social media posts in particular. I should be clear: I did not
vote for him in either presidential election, and I disagree with many of his
political positions. There is, however, a necessary respect that must accompany
the president of the United States. More than a political office, it is a symbol
of the people; to demean the one is to demean the whole. Too few understand
this. Perhaps Justice Antonin Scalia said it best: "It is hard to admit one's
political opponents are not monsters."

I, for one, am grateful for his visit. Now that I have moved away, I realize how
much Utah has become a part of me. It is a privilege to share it with the
president of the United States.

Brett Gilmore

Tucson, Ariz.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              89 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   May 31, 1996, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Bitter Debate, Then a Vote for Rejecting Same-Sex Marriages

BYLINE: By ADAM CLYMER

SECTION: Section A;  Page 18;  Column 1;  National Desk

LENGTH: 705 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 30


After intense debate about politics, morals, race and federalism, a House
subcommittee voted today to authorize states to refuse to accept same-sex
marriages from other states and to bar Federal recognition of such marriages
regarding taxes, pensions and benefits.

Subcommittee approval was a foregone conclusion for a bill that seems likely to
pass both Houses without vast opposition. But before eight Republicans voted for
it and four Democrats against, the Judiciary Subcommittee on the Constitution
heard an often passionate and sometimes bitter debate.

Representative Henry J. Hyde, the Illinois Republican who is chairman of the
full committee, said that he wished he had never heard of the issue, but that he
thought it was important because same-sex union "trivializes marriage and
demeans it." Such marriages, Mr. Hyde said, "condone public immorality."

Representative Barney Frank of Massachusetts, the senior Democrat on the
committee and a homosexual, asked Mr. Hyde repeatedly to explain: "How does
anything I do in which I express my feelings toward another demean the powerful
bond of love and emotion and respect of two other people?"

Mr. Frank argued that the Republican push on this subject, and President
Clinton's statement that he would sign it, were motivated simply by politics,
and that was leading Congress to infringe on both state and individuals' rights.

But Representative Martin Hoke, Republican of Ohio, accused Mr. Frank of a
"desperate attempt to politicize what is not a political issue."

And Mr. Hyde said, "This is a political act on the President's part."

Mr. Frank contended that the authority offered to states was unnecessary since
they could already refuse to recognize marriages that violated their own public
policy and several had passed laws barring same-sex marriages.

Mr. Hyde accused him of hypocrisy since his defense of states' rights had never
led him or other committee Democrats to oppose a section of the Voting Rights
Act that requires states to come to the Federal District Court here to seek
relief from its provisions.

Mr. Hyde shouted: "This Congress, dominated by the Democrats, didn't trust the
local U.S. district courts, didn't trust the local U.S. Courts of Appeals, and
certainly doesn't trust the local state courts. So don't tell me you are
concerned about the erosion of states' rights. Not so!"

Representative Melvin Watt, Democrat of North Carolina, shouted back: "The
gentleman is damn right that we didn't trust Southern racist judges at the time
the Voting Rights Act was put into effect to make these decisions. Damn right!"

"I just want the gentleman to know," Mr. Watt continued, "that I was black
before I was either Democrat or Republican. And I found both racist Democrats
and racist Republicans. And the fact that some of them were Democrats doesn't
make me feel a hell of a lot better, and some of them were Republicans doesn't
make me feel a hell of a lot better. If they were racists, they were racists."

Mr. Hoke argued that neither the authority for states not to recognize same-sex
marriages nor the bar on Federal recognition would prevent same-sex marriages
within a state if that state chose to consider them legal, as Hawaii seems ready
to do. Representative Robert W. Goodlatte, Republican of Virginia, said the bill
would just keep people in other states from having to subsidize such marriages.

The bill before the subcommittee is called the Defense of Marriage Act. After
Mr. Frank failed in a motion to eliminate the section dealing with Federal
benefits, Representative Patricia Schroeder, Democrat of Colorado, suggested
that if the committee was really concerned about defending marriage, it could
also deny Federal recognition to second marriages of people who have unresolved
property and support issues from a first marriage.

Representative F. James Sensenbrenner, Republican of Wisconsin, objected that
the denial of Federal recognition would mean a "second-class marriage" for some
people who remarry after divorce.

The legislation says that as far as the Federal Government is concerned, "the
word 'marriage' means only a legal union between one man and one woman as
husband and wife."

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              90 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

Want to marry into big bucks?: Despite its critics, show was a hit

SECTION: Art & Entertainment; D11

LENGTH: 527 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Johnna Hensley didn't see Who Wants to Marry a Multimillionaire? But she
couldn't avoid the controversy the TV show has generated.

''Somebody's always looking to get something for nothing, regardless of the
consequences, '' said Hensley, a registered nurse in Fayetteville, Ga., where
the Fox TV special has been a hot topic of discussion this week.

Whether they liked it or not, viewers flocked to Tuesday night's broadcast -
including, for the last half-hour, one-third of all women viewers between 18 and
34.

Some found the concept - women vying to marry a wealthy man they had never met -
demeaning to women and the institution of marriage.

''I think it's tremendously cynical,'' said Regan Batuello, a homemaker and
vintner in Cutchogue, N.Y. ''It doesn't demean womanhood, it demeans everyone.''

''We seem to have created some water-cooler talk,'' Fox Entertainment president
Doug Herzog said Thursday, savouring the phenomenal response.

''The people participated of their own free will,'' he added in the show's
defence.

And so did the viewers.

If you weren't among them, that's OK. You'll get another chance to behold the
whirlwind romance this Tuesday, when Fox repeats the show in an even brisker
one-hour version.

The encore even promises some previously unaired footage.

Who Wants to Marry a Multimillionaire? is Fox's non-violent twist on the reality
specials that have won the network big ratings and, often, sharp criticism.

Found Miss Right

Taped at a Las Vegas hotel, multi-millionaire Rick Rockwell, a 42-year-old with
condos in San Diego and Vancouver, found Miss Right from among 50 eligible
females vying for his nod in bathing suits and wedding gowns. Rockwell met,
chose and wed Darva Conger, a 34-year-old emergency-room nurse from Santa
Monica, Calif. , before the show's final fadeout.

As suspense built, so did the audience, according to Nielsen ratings figures.
Viewership grew from 10 million in the program's first half-hour to an enormous
22.8 million in the final half-hour. Then came the aftermath: discussion and
indignation from talk shows and op-ed columns.

''Whatever happened to working for a living and marrying for love?'' wondered
Ellen Fein and Sherrie Schneider, authors of the book The Rules, in an op-ed
piece Thursday in the New York Times.

Herzog was bothered by the criticism.

''It was a bit of an audacious idea, but we thought it was handled in a manner
that was appropriate,'' he said.

Who Wants to Marry a Multimillionaire? owes its existence to ABC's quiz
sensation Who Wants to be a Millionaire, which has set in motion other games and
''reality rivalry'' shows.

These include this summer's Big Brother, which will install volunteers in a home
equipped with two-dozen cameras and 59 microphones. On CBS, Survivor will pit 16
contestants against one another on a deserted island off Borneo. The winner gets
$1 million.

Meanwhile, Fox is planning its own real-life soap opera, High School, which
follows a suburban Chicago high-school class through the school year.

As for Who Wants to Marry a Multimillionaire?, its success almost guarantees a
sequel.


LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   July 7, 1995, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Grade Inflation Demeans Good Students

SECTION: Section A;  Page 24;  Column 4;  Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 177 words


To the Editor:

Congratulations to college administrators ("In a Change of Policy, and Heart,
Colleges Join Fight Against Inflated Grades," news article, July 4) who are
finally recognizing that grade inflation can only be curbed by policy supported
from the top.

In my years of teaching at Boston University's School of Management, I refused
to lie to students, and like it or not, B-plus or even B class averages are
lies. Grade inflation not only constitutes false promises to students whose work
is average or inferior, but it also demeans the accomplishments of students who
truly excel.

Professors award high grades most often, I believe, to avoid having to deal with
angry and self-righteous students and their parents. Over my strong objections
one semester, the chairman of my department changed a student's F (32 out of a
possible 105 points) to a passing grade. The justification? "Both of his parents
are lawyers."

That student now holds the same degree as his peers who earned it.

JANET W. WOHLBERG
Boston, July 4, 1995

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing.

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              92 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    July 25, 2001, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Male locker room has long way to go

BYLINE: Ian O'Connor

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C; Commentary

LENGTH: 642 words

Boys will be boys, men will be men and Hall of Fame centers will be Hall of Fame
centers. Such is the low testimony drifting like a toxic cloud out of an Atlanta
court, where a strip club owner faces federal racketeering, money laundering and
prostitution charges but where the proprietors of a Jurassic locker room culture
also must stand trial.

Enough star athletes are linked to the Gold Club case to mistake the proceedings
for the ESPYs. No jock is being charged. In fact, if other athletes follow
Patrick Ewing to the stand to confirm tales of sexual encounters with dancers
inside an allegedly mob-connected club, they would only be pleading guilty to
male entitlement, the guiding principle of sports' wobbly moral compass.


"If you live in a culture that demeans women," said Donna Lopiano, executive
director of the Women's Sports Foundation, "you will willingly participate in
activities that demean women."

Lopiano was an accomplished athlete, coach and athletic director whose crusade
for gender equality started when she was a Little League hopeful in Connecticut,
ejected from the premises by a progressive thinker who decided the Donnas
couldn't possibly play with the Donalds. "Thirty years ago the choices for women
were teacher, nurse, sex object and librarian," Lopiano said. "Now the choices
are athlete, doctor, astronaut and scientist."

But those 30 years haven't altered this cruel truth: Too many male athletes are
raised to see women as sexual trophies, objects to be despised, or both. I've
heard high school coaches call struggling players women. I've been on the
pregame bus when a coach "inspired" his team by suggesting victory would ensure
"getting lucky at the party," and he wasn't talking about two scoops of ice
cream instead of one.

"The coach brings most of his values to the players," Lopiano said. "If the
coach uses negative female terms or disparages women, the players will follow."

The list of athletes who have engaged in alleged sexual misconduct and domestic
violence reads longer than any collective bargaining agreement. We've seen
scandals in the military, in politics, in all corners of society. But to suggest
that sport doesn't field more than its share of sexual misdeeds is to suspend
reality.

This is hardly a modern-day phenomenon. "But I do believe there's hope for the
male locker room," Lopiano said. At the risk of sounding impossibly naive, I
believe Lopiano is right.

It might take a century or beyond, but the rise of the female athlete will
someday open eyes and broaden minds. More WNBAs and more WUSAs and more Venus
and Serena Williamses will change attitudes and shape actions. More Mia
Hamm-in-a-lather posters will go up in teenage bedrooms, and more Britney
Spears-in-a-lather posters will come down.

Life doesn't have to be a Vince McMahon production. Women play football now, and
girls wrestle boys. Fathers who send their daughters into athletic battle will
be less inclined, as coaches, to stir a boy's competitive soul by suggesting he
wear a skirt.

Thomas Sicignano, the former Gold Club manager airing so much dirty athletic
laundry, runs a youth basketball program in Brooklyn, N.Y. The kids could do
better. And it's a grand idea for Lisa Harrison of the WNBA's Mercury to skip
that Playboy shoot she was considering; there's no point in going backward here.


Young athletes need to see the most positive images of women. Then maybe the
residue of male entitlement that spreads like mildew on a locker room wall can
be wiped clean from the culture, leaving fewer tales like those told by
Orlando's latest attraction, Ewing, who shouldn't hold his breath waiting for
Disney's invitation to show in the mail.

---

Ian O'Connor also writes for The (Westchester County, N.Y.)  Journal News.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              93 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Hartford Courant

                            September 9, 2016 Friday
                               Statewide Edition

Don't Dampen Campus Debate

SECTION: OPINION; A; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 626  words


The Connecticut State Colleges and Universities system has announced the launch
of the #ihearyou campaign, "aimed at encouraging civil discussion and respectful
debate." Who would object to that? Everyone should, if it puts mollycoddling
above free expression of ideas.

"One of the primary purposes of higher education is to provide a safe campus
climate where ideas and opinions can be expressed freely," CSCU President Mark
Ojakian said in a release. That's a popular belief these days, but officials
should take care that unnecessary hand-wringing about "safe climates" doesn't
muzzle voices that are simply forceful, not offensive.

"Our role is to encourage vigorous civil debate on the difficult issues facing
our society, free of fear and personal attacks," Mr. Ojakian said. "We are a
system that greatly values academic freedom and freedom of expression, but this
freedom we hold so dear requires shared responsibility. We should not accept any
behavior that belittles or demeans one another."

Such explicit support of personal comfort over conflict risks dampening debate
and encouraging self-censorship on legitimate, although difficult, issues.

The real challenge for CSCU is to define "belittling and demeaning" as narrowly
as possible, so as to allow the possibility of hurt feelings without condoning
truly destructive language - and to teach the students to make those judgments
themselves, as resilient and tolerant members of society.

Personal discomfort is normal when preconceptions are challenged. A university
environment is exactly the right place for exploring those challenges, not
because it is a "safe climate" but because it can encourage young adults to hear
past the tenor of the debate and focus instead on the substance. It is, in
short, part of growing up.

The University of Chicago recently took the opposite tack from CSCU's when it
announced in a letter to students that it does "not condone the creation of
intellectual 'safe spaces' where individuals can retreat from ideas and
perspectives at odds with their own."

"You will find that we expect members of our community to be engaged in rigorous
debate, discussion and even disagreement. At times this may challenge you and
even cause discomfort."

And so it should.

The Chicago letter properly acknowledges, however, that harassment and threats
are out of bounds.

And Mr. Ojakian gets it right in his own letter to students when he writes: "The
ability to have conversations when there is fundamental disagreement and
emotions are high is a critical skill that will prepare you for the modern
world, no matter what your personal or professional goals are."

But in a separate letter to faculty and staff, he appears to be warning against
fiery argument: "College campuses are the place where debate needs to occur in a
respectful manner. We do not and will not accept discourse that belittles or
demeans those among us."

Although personal insults don't encourage free debate, neither does coddling of
those tender souls who believe they are entitled to a lifetime of uninterrupted
emotional support, and that simple disagreement is a personal attack.

As Justice William J. Brennan wrote in New York Times v. Sullivan, public
officials should expect "vehement, caustic, and sometimes unpleasantly sharp
attacks." That standard should apply to everyone who is committed to
"uninhibited, robust and wide-open" debate on public issues.

A university should be an intellectually dangerous, not safe, place. Robust
debate can be an emotionally grueling affair, as students and faculty wrestle
with strident opposition to beliefs they hold dear. Feelings can, and will, get
hurt.

But far better to learn to deal with name-calling than to squelch opinions
sometimes passionately expressed.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                             June 27, 2013 Thursday
                                 SOONER EDITION

SPLIT HIGH COURT BACKS GAY MARRIAGE IN 2 CASES JUSTICES PERMIT FEDERAL BENEFITS
AND PAVE WAY FOR CALIFORNIA TO LIFT BAN

BYLINE: Tracie Mauriello and Ann Rodgers, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 2000 words


WASHINGTON -- A divided U.S. Supreme Court on Wednesday handed down a pair of
landmark decisions that restore the right to gay marriage in California and
require the federal government to extend benefits to same-sex couples who wed in
states where it is legal.

The implications are sweeping for gay couples in 12 states and the District of
Columbia, but have little effect in Pennsylvania and 37 other states that don't
recognize same-sex marriage.

"Couples in those 38 states have the same legal status that they had yesterday.
They can't get married under state law, and they don't have the access to
federal benefits that hinge on marriage," said professor Doug NeJaime of Loyola
School of Law in Los Angeles.

Butler native Kelly Close knows that, but it didn't dampen her celebration on
the steps of the Supreme Court where she waved an American flag triumphantly.

"Today, a wrong was righted. I'm so proud of the Supreme Court for finally
matching up with the values of the country, and I'm so glad all my friends now
share equal rights," said Ms. Close, 21, who now lives in Washington, D.C.

"This is what we've been fighting for," said Ms. Close, who said she is straight
but has attended numerous gay pride events to support friends.

Wednesday's decisions fell short of opening the doors to gay marriage nationwide
and left in place a provision in the Defense of Marriage Act, or DOMA, that
allows a state not to recognize same-sex marriages from outside its borders.

It was a mixed result but a victory nonetheless for the boisterous crowd of
thousands gathered on the high court's steps.

The pair of 5-4 decisions disappointed others, including religious groups and
congressional Republicans who pledged to work to find other ways to protect
traditional marriage.

Bishop David Zubik of the Catholic Diocese of Pittsburgh said the rulings
undermine lifelong, heterosexual marriage as the foundation of society.

"I have grave concerns over the threats to religious liberty and the ability of
believers to express their faith in the public arena," he said, citing states in
which Catholic Charities stopped facilitating adoptions because they were
required to consider same-sex adoptive couples.

"While the Church does not in any way condone discrimination or prejudice
against any persons, what is at stake when marriage is redefined is the very
survival of the family: father, mother and especially children," he said.

Writing for the majority in United States v. Windsor, No. 12-307, Justice
Anthony Kennedy said drafters of DOMA sought "to impose a disadvantage, a
separate status, and so a stigma upon all who enter into same-sex marriages made
lawful by the unquestioned authority of the states."

He wrote, "DOMA instructs all federal officials, and indeed all persons with
whom same-sex couples interact, including their own children, that their
marriage is less worthy than the marriages of others." The four members of the
court's liberal wing, Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen Breyer, Sonia
Sotomayor and Elena Kagan, joined.

Justice Kennedy wrote that the 1993 federal law's purpose was to demean,
disparage, injure and stigmatize same-sex couples.

In a lengthy dissent, Justice Antonin Scalia disagreed.

"Favoring man-woman marriage no more 'demeans' and 'humiliates' other sexual
relationships than favoring our Constitution demeans and humiliates the
governmental systems of other countries," he said from the bench Wednesday.

Justice Scalia also blasted the majority for scarcely mentioning DOMA
supporters' arguments for upholding the law. In oral arguments in March, they
said procreation is the principle reason for marriage, and that gay couples
cannot have biological children together.

Justice Scalia said the decision creates more confusion than clarity because it
takes away DOMA's uniform federal definition of marriage.

He was joined by the court's more conservative members, Chief Justice John
Roberts and Justices Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito. They issued three
dissents, in all.

The California case was also decided by 5-4, but with a different and very
unusual alignment of justices. Chief Justice Roberts wrote the majority opinion
declining to rule on the constitutionality of Proposition 8. He was joined by
Justices Scalia, Ginsburg, Breyer and Kagan.

Chief Justice Roberts said the failure of officials in California to appeal the
trial court decision against them was the end of the matter. Proponents of
Proposition 8 had suffered only a "generalized grievance" when the ballot
initiative they had sponsored was struck down, the chief justice wrote, and they
were not entitled to represent the state's interests on appeal. The ruling in
the case, Hollingsworth v. Perry, No. 12-144, erased the appeals court's
decision striking down Proposition 8.

As a formal matter, the decision sent the case back to the appeals court, the
U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit, in San Francisco, "with instructions
to dismiss the appeal for lack of jurisdiction." That means the trial court's
decision stands.

Pittsburgh lawyer Brian C. Vertz, who specializes in family law, said same-sex
couples still "face the challenge of living a life in limbo, being legally
married in New York but not Pennsylvania."

It wouldn't be surprising, he said, if a conservative Congress or executive
agency adopted a narrow interpretation of the ruling that might deprive same-sex
couples of benefits because their marriage isn't recognized in the state where
they reside, or because there is some legitimate basis for withholding a
benefit.

Reaction was swift from advocates on both sides.

Austin R. Nimocks, senior counsel for Alliance Defending Freedom, said the court
got it wrong. It allowed states to force their definition of marriage on the
federal government, he lamented.

"The federal government should be able to define what marriages is for federal
law just as states need to be able to define what marriage is for state law," he
said.

Liberal groups in Pennsylvania, meanwhile, lauded the decision.

"The striking down of DOMA brings about a joyous day for loving, married couples
and their families," said Ted Martin, Equality Pennsylvania executive director,
in a statement. "While this is a day of celebration for legally married same-sex
couples, 37 states including Pennsylvania still treat gay and lesbian citizens
and their children as unequal and second class. But work to win the freedom to
marry here in the commonwealth will continue."

On the other side of the issue, Mr. Nimocks said his group's fight will
continue, too.

"The debate over marriage has just begun," he said. "The court's decision does
not silence the voices of Americans. Marriage -- the union of husband and wife
-- will remain timeless, universal and special, particularly because children
need mothers and fathers."

Brandon McGinley, Pittsburgh field director for the Pennsylvania Family
Institute, which opposes gay marriage, said he hopes Wednesday's rulings will
motivate Pennsylvanians to work to protect the state's definition of marriage,
but he doesn't want to see hostility over the issue.

Opponents of same-sex marriage "should take this in stride and always react with
charity and kindness," he said. "This is an issue that has not received the
respectful public dialogue that it deserves."

Meanwhile, Sen. Bob Casey, D-Pa., a devout Catholic from Scranton, said striking
down DOMA "was a critical step in strengthening equal rights for all."

He had been a longtime supporter of civil unions but, until recently, stopped
short of supporting same-sex marriage. That changed in March after oral
arguments in the DOMA and Proposition 8 cases when he announced his support for
same-sex marriage.

Rep. Bill Shuster, R-Blair, meanwhile, was disappointed.

"Today, a handful of activist judges attempted to destroy traditional marriage
and legislate from the bench," he said.

While many religious groups lamented the decisions, some churches and religious
leaders celebrated them.

"The unmistakable movement toward civil marriage equality in the states over the
past decade reflects the will of the people in those states to grant equal
rights and dignity under the law to all married couples and families," said
Episcopal Presiding Bishop Katharine Jefferts Schori. "At the same time, the
court's withholding of judgment on the ultimate constitutional question of
whether a state may ban same-sex marriage reflects the fact that this
conversation will continue to evolve in coming years."

But Michael Geer, the Pennsylvania Family Institute's president in Harrisburg,
said the legal logic of the California case should disturb even proponents of
same-sex marriage.

Voters had approved a ballot initiative banning same-sex marriage, but a lower
court struck it down. The state refused to defend the initiative, and the
Supreme Court ruled that a group of its supporters had no standing to defend the
law when state officials refused.

"This sets democracy and our system of government on its head," Mr. Geer said.
"The people have been completely disenfranchised. Whatever you may think about
the definition of marriage, this ruling should frighten Americans who think they
should have a voice in their government."

Meanwhile, the Pentagon already is preparing to implement the provisions of the
DOMA decision.

"The Department of Defense intends to make the same benefits available to all
military spouses -- regardless of sexual orientation -- as soon as possible.
That is now the law of the land, and it is the right thing to do," Defense
Secretary Chuck Hagel said Wednesday.

Back on the courthouse steps, Joseph Chmielewski of Upper Dublin, Pa., said the
country is a different place from the one he woke up in Wednesday morning.

"Up until this morning, if I got married any place in the country the federal
government didn't have to recognize it," said the 22-year-old. "Now there's
nothing different between me and all my straight friends."

He still can't get married in Pennsylvania, where gay marriage remains illegal,
but if he marries elsewhere, he and his husband would receive the same federal
benefits as married people.

Opponents of same-sex marriage were scarce Wednesday outside the court. One man
stood across the street with a colorful sign about sodomy and another unfurled a
banner reading "Marriage = 1 man + 1 woman."

Gwen Courtney, 70, of Fort Washington, Md., carried no sign but had plenty to
say to a group of pastors proclaiming their support of same-sex marriage.

"This is like brimstone. God is angry with people trying to change God's
constitution," she said. "I've cried on this. There are tears in my eyes seeing
ministers out here going against God."

In phone calls from Air Force One, President Barack Obama congratulated
plaintiffs in the cases and remarked that the decisions came down exactly 10
years after Lawrence v. Texas, when the court struck down laws making same-sex
relationships illegal.

Gay marriage currently is legal in 12 states and the District of Columbia. Now
that DOMA has been struck down, people married in those states will have the
same federal rights and responsibilities as opposite-sex married couples.

Under DOMA, same-sex spouses could not be buried together in veterans'
cemeteries, they had to follow complicated procedures to file taxes jointly, and
they were taxed on health benefits some employers provided through domestic
partner benefits.

Wednesday's ruling means they'll get those benefits and others now, but will
also have new responsibilities. For example, same-sex spouses' income will now
have to be included in calculations of federal financial aid, and assets of
same-sex spouses will need to be reported on financial disclosure forms required
of high-ranking federal officials.

Doma (5-4)

Majority: Stephen Breyer, Elena Kagan, Anthony Kennedy, Ruth Bader Ginsburg,
Sonia Sotomayor

Dissenting: John Roberts, Samuel Alito, Antonin Scalia, Clarence Thomas

Prop 8 (5-4)

Majority: Roberts, Breyer, Ginsburg, Kagan, Scalia

Dissenting: Alito, Kennedy, Sotomayor, Thomas

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: The New York Times contributed. Washington bureau chief Tracie Mauriello:
tmauriello@post-gazette.com, 703-996-9292 or on Twitter @pgPoliTweets. Ann
Rodgers: arodgers@post-gazette.com, 412-263-1416 or on Twitter @pgFaith./

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Samuel Alito DOMA: For Prop 8: For PHOTO: Stephen Breyer DOMA:
Against Prop 8: Against PHOTO: Ruth Bader Ginsburg DOMA: Against Prop 8: Against
PHOTO: Elena Kagan DOMA: Against Prop 8: Against PHOTO: Anthony Kennedy DOMA:
For Prop 8: For PHOTO: John Roberts DOMA: For Prop 8: For PHOTO: Antonin Scalia
DOMA: For Prop 8: Against PHOTO: Sonia Sotomayor DOMA: Against Prop 8: For
PHOTO: Clarence Thomas DOMA: For Prop 8: For PHOTO: DOMA (5-4) PHOTO: PROP 8
(5-4) PHOTO: MAJORITY: John Roberts, Samuel Alito, Anthony Kennedy, Antonin
Scalia, Clarence Thomas PHOTO: MAJORITY: Roberts, Alito, Kennedy, Sotomayor,
Thomas PHOTO: DISSENTING: Stephen Breyer, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Elena Kagan,
Sonia Sotomayor PHOTO: DISSENTING: Breyer, Ginsburg, Kagan, Kennedy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              95 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                              May 18, 2014 Sunday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

FA turns up heat on Scudamore to quit over emails

BYLINE: Jonathan Northcroft

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 451 words


RICHARD SCUDAMORE'S future as chief executive of the Premier League looked
increasingly uncertain last night after Heather Rabbatts, a member of the
Football Association board and the game's most senior female administrator,
urged him to consider his position.

Rabbatts said there was "growing evidence of a closed culture of sexism" in the
Premier League and demanded that steps be taken to improve an organisation that
appears to "demean women and discourage them from getting involved in taking up
administrative roles". Scudamore has faced criticism after the Sunday Mirror
printed email exchanges between him and a lawyer friend that contained language
derogatory towards women.

Last night, Rani Abraham, who leaked the messages after a brief period working
as his PA, said that she had felt "humiliated, belittled and disgusted" by their
content, which had been sent from the chief executive's Premier League email
account. "I felt I didn't want to see Richard if that was how he thought about
women," she said.

Scudamore, who yesterday attended the Rugby League Magic Weekend in Manchester
instead of the FA Cup final, has admitted that the emails were "an error of
judgment". The Premier League's audit and remuneration committee, headed by
Chelsea's chairman, Bruce Buck, meets tomorrow to consider disciplinary action
against him.

Yesterday Rabbatts stepped up the pressure. "No one can doubt the tremendous
achievements of the Premier League in creating one of the world's great
footballing competitions," she said. "But with that success and the interest it
generates come the obligation to behave responsibly and have in place proper
lines of accountability and good governance. Sadly, recent events appear to show
these things are currently lacking in the administration of the Premier League,
and indeed there is growing evidence of a closed culture of sexism, symbolised
in the email exchanges which have been made public. It is increasingly clear
that steps are needed as a matter of urgency to review governance at the Premier
League with a view to improving accountability and tackling a culture that
demeans women and seems to discourage their involvement in the game's
administration.

"These challenges go beyond the current situation of chief executive Richard
Scudamore. However, if the league are to move forward in a positive way, he and
they should give serious consideration to his position in the coming days."

Last week the England women's goalkeeper Rachel Brown-Finnis said that the
emails were an "insult to all women", Greg Dyke, the FA chairman, described them
as "unacceptable", while the Premier League's sponsor, Barclays, registered its
"deep disappointment".

ROD LIDDLE

PAGE 7

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Scudamore: under mounting pressure

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2014 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Telegraph (Australia)

                            March 28, 2012 Wednesday
                           2 - State Drop-in Edition

Kyle on air 2day but one more slip away from $40m disaster

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 355  words


HIS big mouth has got him into trouble more than once -- in future it could cost
Kyle Sandilands' radio station its licence.

2DayFM faces a strict licence condition after Sandilands was yesterday ruled to
have breached decency codes with a ``deeply derogatory and offensive'' verbal
attack on a female journalist.

CONTINUED PAGE 2

FROM PAGE 1

Sandilands lashed out after news.com.au deputy editor Alison Stephenson reviewed
his TV Show A Night With The Stars, saying: ``Some fat slag . . . has already
branded it a disaster'' before attacking her appearance.

The Australian Communications and Media Authority will now begin formal steps to
place new licence conditions on 2DayFM that will seriously regulate any language
used to refer to women.

Any future breaches could eventually lead to charges and fines and even
cancellation of 2DayFM's licence.

The station is Southern Cross Austereo's biggest-earning station, said to be
worth $40 million -- about 5 per cent of the company's estimated worth of $1
billion.

ACMA chief Chris Chapman said the new condition left little to no room for a
similar offence. If successful (pending an appeal), the proposed five-year
condition would require that all announcers cease airing any material that
``demeans or is reasonably likely to demean women or girls or any woman or girl
in particular''.

``It's 24 hours a day, seven days a week, 52 weeks a year for the next five
years. Right across the station, they will need to live to the code provision
that deals with broadcasting content material that is decent,'' Mr Chapman said.

Southern Cross Austereo said it regretted Sandilands' comments of November 22
last year but would fight ACMA. Boss Rhys Holleran argued the network had
already put in place measures including a 30-second ``dump button'' and a ``red
light'' warning system to alert announcers in dangerous territory.

``It is also relevant that, in a 10-year period in which 2DayFM has broadcast
87,000 hours of programming, it has breached the code only four times,'' Mr
Holleran said. Sandilands was in Los Angeles and unwilling to comment.

SYDNEY CONFIDENTIAL P22

KYLE GETS KID GLOVES P25

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTM


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Telegraph (Australia)

                            March 28, 2012 Wednesday
                               1 - State Edition

Kyle on air today but one more slip away from $40m disaster

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 356  words


HIS big mouth has got him into trouble more than once -- in future it could cost
Kyle Sandilands' radio station its licence.

2DayFM faces a strict licence condition after Sandilands was yesterday ruled to
have breached decency codes with a ``deeply derogatory and offensive'' verbal
attack on a female journalist.

CONTINUED PAGE 2

FROM PAGE 1

Sandilands lashed out after news.com.au deputy editor Alison Stephenson reviewed
his TV Show A Night With The Stars, saying: ``Some fat slag . . . has already
branded it a disaster'' before attacking her appearance.

The Australian Communications and Media Authority will now begin formal steps to
place new licence conditions on 2DayFM that will seriously regulate any language
used to refer to women.

Any future breaches could eventually lead to charges and fines and even
cancellation of 2DayFM's licence.

The station is Southern Cross Austereo's biggest-earning station, said to be
worth $40 million -- about 5 per cent of the company's estimated worth of $1
billion.

ACMA chief Chris Chapman said the new condition left little to no room for a
similar offence. If successful (pending an appeal), the proposed five-year
condition would require that all announcers cease airing any material that
``demeans or is reasonably likely to demean women or girls or any woman or girl
in particular''.

``It's 24 hours a day, seven days a week, 52 weeks a year for the next five
years. Right across the station, they will need to live to the code provision
that deals with broadcasting content material that is decent,'' Mr Chapman said.

Southern Cross Austereo said it regretted Sandilands' comments of November 22
last year but would fight ACMA. Boss Rhys Holleran argued the network had
already put in place a number of measures including a 30-second `dump button'
and a `red light' warning system to alert announcers in dangerous territory.

``It is also relevant that, in a 10-year period in which 2DayFM has broadcast
87,000 hours of programming, it has breached the code only four times,'' Mr
Holleran said. Sandilands was in Los Angeles and unwilling to comment.

SYDNEY CONFIDENTIAL P22

KYLE GETS KID GLOVES P25

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTM


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           September 25, 2009 Friday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

LAWMAKERS DEMEAN PROCESS OF GOVERNING

SECTION: NATIONAL; YOUR LETTERS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 1335 words


Special interest money piles up - Sept. 23, story

I never cease to be amazed at the sheer audacity of the members of the Florida
Legislature. Perhaps the Times could elucidate on several of the following
questions.

How can the Florida courts allow the legislative branch of our state government
to continuously build a better mousetrap in order to skirt the intent of our
election laws? Sen. Mike Haridopolos talks about the "price of doing business"
(I am reminded of the "pay to play" instincts of former Illinois Gov. Rod
Blagojevich). And he says that "I'm not going to leave my friends . . . out
there without protection," which smacks of a desperate quid pro quo atmosphere
in Tallahassee.

Moreover, former House Speaker John Thrasher has pledged to "repay a debt by
helping to create a winnable seat" for a colleague.

Can someone please tell me what happened to representative government founded in
republicanism for the benefit of the constituents of our districts? All this is
an attempt to circumvent the restrictions on political donations. And for the
record, both parties are guilty of this corruption of the process.

I guess if you live long enough you can boast of having seen it all. But this is
an insult to the idea of American exceptionalism and tarnishes the metaphor of
our shining city on a hill.

Come on guys, stick to policy and leave the politics at the door. You demean the
process when you obey the letter but not the spirit of the law.

C.J. Gerber, St. Petersburg

* * *

Control the money flow

I applaud the St. Petersburg Times for highlighting the egregious fundraising
tactic used by legislators to circumvent campaign finance limits. Caps on
campaign contributions are good public policy designed to even the playing field
for all candidates.

It is flat out wrong that special interest groups can funnel unlimited amounts
of cash to sham organizations commonly known as 527s. This practice creates an
inherent conflict of interest for legislators and only serves to obstruct our
elections process and influence votes.

That is why, for the fourth year in a row, I will be filing legislation that
will cap contributions to these shadowy political committees. Under my bill,
contributions will be capped at $500 - which is the same limit that is on all
other campaign donations.

We need to bring transparency and accountability back to the process by reining
in these unchecked contributions. I will continue to stand up for integrity and
accountability in our political process. I encourage my colleagues to do the
same.

State Sen. Charlie Justice, St. Petersburg

* * *

Governor exhorts everyone to give Sept. 20

Charlie Crist is taking care of his own business

How could I have been so wrong? Since he took the oath of office, I've seen
Charlie Crist become the most "do-nothing" governor in our state's history.

I then read that "the people's governor" has the capacity to phone more than 200
people and raise an average of $86,000 per day toward his next gig in
Washington. Talk about taking care of the people's business! If it weren't so
pathetic, I'd be impressed.

Bill O'Connell, Oldsmar

* * * Governor exhorts everyone to giveSept. 20, story

Making the money pitch

This story says that Charlie Crist tells people that "We are going to bring
change to Washington, the Florida way."

This seems to a part of his spiel to contributors in his quest to be elected
senator from Florida. A leaderless party is going to be led by this governor in
name only while everything gone wrong has not been his fault. Can someone
enlighten me as to why we would send him to represent us in Washington?

Money is a powerful tool and our memories are short. The past eight years should
have taught us something, but alas I fear the worst.

D.G. Murray, New Port Richey

* * *

Restore fairness rules

The insanity in our current discussion of issues of public importance can be
traced back to the 1987 striking down of Fairness Doctrine by the FCC.

I support a restoration of Fairness Doctrine rules to broadcasting and cable. An
American invention, Fairness fostered the responsible expression of opposing
views on issues of public importance, and it provided remedies for personal
attacks. Fairness served best practices in the information business.

Without the neutral mechanism of Fairness in play, polarization, disconnection,
attacks, amplified extremism (from both sides), and disinformation have become
the reality. The FCC's 1987 decision has led to an environment where opposing
voices are effectively shut down by program owners. Live debate is traded for
commentary on sound and video bites, which is debate removed.

The national fever is elevating beyond control, and we are an unhealthy nation
as a result. Responsible journalism practices are replaced with scorched-earth
tactics upon which there are no checks.

Fairness, by tradition, inspirits free speech, an effect contrary to the claims
of its detractors. The detractors don't honestly fear a loss of the right to
speak. They fear direct answer and meaningful checks on their attacks.

Robert Sugg, Tampa

* * *

Storms leave 9 dead in soaked SoutheastSept. 23, story

Painful, needless details

Once again, I am absolutely infuriated by what law enforcement and the media
have chosen to make public knowledge. This article states, "Authorities also
released a 15-minute 911 call of another storm victim's last moments" and then
goes on to give details.

This is outrageous! It amounts to nothing more than catering to those with a
morbid curiosity of another's tragedy. In addition, it further victimizes the
family and adds to their suffering.

It amazes me how often I read or watch the news, only to be told by the media or
law enforcement, personal details no one needs to know. Why does the exact
physical address of a victim of a violent crime need to be made public? Why does
the family of this poor woman have to suffer through hearing the tape of her
last 15 minutes on earth?

These details are traumatizing to the victims and their families and need to be
private, not "public knowledge." When is someone going to wake up and realize
this?

Juliette Beer, Clearwater

* * *

Judges to confer on runaway convertSept. 22, story

Were laws broken?

Conspicuously absent from Michael Kruse's article on Rifqa Bary's trip to
Orlando is any mention of the potential crime that may have taken place.

Blake and Beverly Lorenz had no right to harbor this juvenile under the guise of
protecting her from her parents. If they had concerns regarding Rifqa's safety
they should have reported those concerns to the authorities. Their evangelical
Christian point of view does not give them the right to take the law into their
own hands. Supporting Rifqa's desired conversion to Christianity does not
include hiding her whereabouts from her parents and from the law enforcement
personnel that were searching for her.

What they did was criminal and should be treated as such. Not doing so sets a
dangerous precedent for those who would lure such children away from their
families for less than honorable intentions

Bruce Caplan, Redington Beach

* * *

A way forward on cancer care - Sept. 14

Help those in clinical trials

I was struck by this article by Sen. Connie Mack and Jill Sumfest of Humana. As
a survivor of leukemia (AML) and the recipient of two allogeneic stem cell
transplants, I agree completely that patient access to clinical trials needs to
be expanded. Because of knowledge gained through clinical trials in the past, I
am alive today, and my two little girls still have their father to kiss them
good night.

If we are ever going to win the war on cancer then patients, doctors,
researchers and insurers need to work together to ensure that the most effective
treatments are available to the patients who need them. This includes clinical
trials. More than half the states have recognized the need to help cancer
patients with routine care costs while enrolled in clinical trials, and Florida
officials need to join them. Floridians deserve that much.

Richard J. Spayde Jr., Tierra Verde

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            November 23, 2012 Friday

Publisher axes film reviews over 'degenerate' Snow White

BYLINE: Laura Kane Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 553 words


Movies like Snow White and the Huntsman with fierce female heroines might be
booming at the box office, but a Niagara Falls, N.Y., publisher doesn't care to
see them in his newspaper.

Frank Parlato Jr., editor and publisher of the weekly Niagara Falls Reporter, is
at the centre of controversy after a freelance film critic said his reviews were
left out of the newspaper because they glorified movies with strong female
leads.

The critic's charges were published by Roger Ebert on the Chicago Sun-Times
website, along with an email written by Parlato in which he refuses to publish
"reviews of films where women are alpha and men are beta."

Michael Calleri, a longtime reviewer for the paper, had written to Parlato to
find out why his recent reviews were not being published, including one of Snow
White and the Huntsman, a twist on the classic fairy tale that has a
sword-wielding Snow White lead an army into battle.

Parlato replied the film promoted "the Hollywood agenda of glorifying degenerate
power women and promoting as natural the weakling, hyena-like men, cum eunuchs."

He encouraged Calleri to seek another publisher or to write reviews "where men
act like good strong men and have a heroic inspiring influence on young people
to build up their character." He adds: "I am not interested in supporting the
reversing of traditional gender roles."

Calleri's lengthy screed, clocking in at 3,200 words, is mostly a personal
diatribe against Parlato and his leadership of the Niagara Falls Reporter. The
movie critic writes that the publisher's "villainous treatment of strong women,
is so appalling, that it borders on being unbelievable," and notes that he has
already found a new gig, writing for Buffalo-based WNYMedia.net.

The post has exploded across the blogosphere and led feminist website Jezebel to
call the email "a sublime voyage through one man's inveterate misogyny."

Parlato swung back with a scathing editorial in which he stood by his email and
his right to publish whatever he likes.

"I might remind the reader that the email does not say I would not consider
reviews of films where men and women are both shown in an inspiring light. I am
simply not interested in films that demean men, or men of a particular race. I
am also equally uninterested in publishing reviews of films that demean women,"
he wrote.

In an interview with the Star, Parlato repeated that he did not support
"gender-bashing" of either sex.

"I'm in favour of strong men and strong women. I don't think that they have to
be in competition or one has to be belittled in order to elevate the other," he
said.

Parlato declined to name an example of a film that portrayed women as superior
to men, saying that he simply wasn't interested in Hollywood films.

"It is the right of Hollywood to market promiscuous sex, violence and profanity,
not only to adults but to adolescents," he said. "I operate a small newspaper in
Niagara Falls and it is my right not to review Hollywood movies."

Parlato purchased the Niagara Falls Reporter less than a year ago from founding
editor Mike Hudson. The free weekly has a reported circulation of about 22,000.

In July, the paper made national headlines for a sports column decrying the NHL
for "endorsing homosexuality" by supporting the "You Can Play" campaign. Parlato
stood by the article in an editorial.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2012 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              100 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            November 7, 2005 Monday
                              Correction Appended
                                 SOONER EDITION

ADMIRABLE 'GIRLCOTT' FITS ABERCROMBIE & FITCH TO A TEE

BYLINE: Ruth Ann Dailey

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. A-2

LENGTH: 723 words


To the local teenagers who launched a now-nationwide protest against the
perennially obnoxious products of Abercrombie & Fitch, I'd say, "You go, girls!"
except that phrase would be pretty lame, and these young women have set the
coolness bar quite high.

We've been a nation of protestors from the get-go, but over the decades few
naysayers have made their point in as fresh and hip a style as the young members
of the Allegheny County Girls as Grantmakers program. The two dozen girls are
calling for a "girl-cott" of shirts it deems offensive until the Ohio-based
retailer pulls them from its catalog and shelves. The protest, launched eight
days ago, has already landed its leaders on "The Today Show," "Hannity & Colmes"
and CNN.

A&F has pulled offensive products before, but only in response to adults'
concerns. A&F masterminds have marketed thong underwear to little girls, sold
T-shirts touting drunkenness to underage students and marketed clothing with
Asian slurs. They've published catalogs with photos of implicit teenage sex,
homosexual sex and group sex. They've also been hit with class-action suits for
discriminating against less attractive employees and for favoring young whites
in their hiring practices. You could fairly say that being offensive is their
business plan.

But now it's the kids saying that, and saying it well.

These young women are protesting shirts with messages emblazoned against the
chest such as, "Who needs brains when you have these?," "Do I Make You Look
Fat?" and "Blondes Are Adored, Brunettes Are Ignored."

If you imagine these shirts on real young women encountering one another in a
hallway or on a college campus, it becomes startlingly clear that in wearing
such slogans, girls demean themselves or demean each other. Why do that? The
price of $29.50 a shirt just adds insult to injury.

A look at A&F's online catalog, however, reveals that once again the company
doesn't care whom it offends; everyone is fair game. Some of the other "attitude
tees" for women take aim at men -- "You Were Never My Boyfriend" and "I'm Not
With Stupid Anymore" -- while "Explain to me again why I need a boyfriend" has
the cover of possibly being construed as a statement of female empowerment. The
pro-blonde slogans seem a natural, if pathetic, response to the enduring
popularity of dumb-blonde jokes.

The men's merchandise is worse. The "attitude tees" are vulgar, the "sex appeal"
tees are even nastier, and the "college" tees not only are jaw-droppingly dirty
but also frequently insult the shirt reader's mother.

It makes me wonder who in the world creates these products and how any
self-respecting woman or man could participate in the process, but A&F isn't
answering questions. Calls made and e-mails sent last week regarding numbers of
males and females in the company's design and marketing departments went
unanswered.

I'd also ask who buys this garbage, but the question more on point is, Why don't
respectable young men follow our local girls' lead and protest this stuff too?

The less visible but arguably most effective part of the protest is the e-mail
campaign. The girls have created a friend-to-friends chain-letter campaign that
stretches across the continent and urges others to join their "girlcott" -- to
respect themselves and each other by refusing to be some company's pawns.

While A&F repeatedly acts as though any publicity is good publicity and will
therefore claim that the protest actually helps them, I don't buy it: These
young women are rejecting a manufactured self-image to craft one for themselves.
They are not corporate tools.

As a former girl who's now old enough to be these free-thinkers' mother -- and
would be proud of it if I were -- I'd like to offer two caveats.

First, A&F's products are not a civil rights infringement, as one protest leader
claimed. They are offensive, obnoxious, crude, stupid, unimaginative, shallow
and sad, but they're not an infringement of anyone's rights. None of us has a
right not to be disgusted.

And second, don't set an unreasonably high standard for claiming victory.
Organizers announced they won't end their girlcott until A&F pulls this
merchandise from its shelves, but the best thing they can do is what they've
already done: They've persuaded an ever-growing number of their peers that
self-respect is cool. They've already won.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Ruth Ann Dailey can be reached at rdailey@post-gazette.com or
412-263-1733.

CORRECTION-DATE: November 8, 2005:# \ Retailer Abercrombie & Fitch agreed last
week to stop selling controversial T-shirts with messages that some people
thought were demeaning to young women



CORRECTION:  \ Retailer Abercrombie & Fitch agreed last week to stop selling
controversial T-shirts with messages that some people thought were demeaning to
young women. Ruth Ann Dailey's column yesterday on the issue neglected to
mention that the company had agreed to stop selling the shirts.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              101 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 8, 1995, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

DEATH PENALTY IN NEW YORK REINSTATED AFTER 18 YEARS; PATAKI SEES
JUSTICE SERVED

BYLINE: By JAMES DAO

SECTION: Section A; Page 1; Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1024 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, March 7


Gov. George E. Pataki fulfilled one of his central campaign vows today by
signing a death penalty bill into law, making New York the 38th state with
capital punishment.

Mr. Pataki used two pens that belonged to slain police officers in a
bill-signing ceremony with all the choreographed flourish of one of his stump
events. The relatives of seven murder victims joined dozens of lawmakers and
police union officials to watch the Republican Governor end an 18-year battle to
return the death penalty to New York State.

Using a gold Cross pen that once belonged to Officer Sean McDonald, and then a
black ball-point pen once owned by Officer Raymond R. Cannon Jr., Mr. Pataki
signed two copies of the bill as cameras whirred. Both men were New York City
police officers killed in the line of duty last year.

"Justice will now be served," Mr. Pataki said as their widows looked on.

Calling the bill "the most effective of its kind in the nation," Mr. Pataki said
he had no reservations about signing it. "It is a solemn moment because this is
something aimed at preventing tragedy," he said. "And we've seen too many
tragedies in the past."

The measure passed by a 94-52 vote in the Democratic-controlled Assembly at 4:37
this morning after nearly 12 hours of debate. It passed in the
Republican-controlled Senate by a 38-19 vote Monday evening after about four and
a half hours of debate.

The law takes effect Sept. 1, giving the state's district attorneys, most of
whom have never handled death penalty prosecutions, six months to prepare for
the enormous costs and technical problems of such cases. In some larger
counties, prosecutors have already begun training lawyers for capital
prosecution units.

Opponents have vowed to challenge the law's constitutionality in state courts
and to organize a statewide campaign to pressure lawmakers to repeal it. They
acknowledged it will be an uphill battle.

"Pataki has to understand it is not over," said Norman Siegel, executive
director of the New York Civil Liberties Union. "This will become a political
issue and he will have to deal with it."

The state's highest court declared New York's last death penalty law
unconstitutional in 1977. Every year since, the Legislature has approved death
penalty bills, only to have them vetoed by Democratic governors.

For Mr. Pataki, the signing not only consummated his first major achievement as
Governor, but also appeared to give him a political boost as he prepared for
difficult budget negotiations with the Assembly.

Asked about the contention by some opponents that the death penalty demeans the
state, Mr. Pataki recalled, as he often did in the campaign, the case of Aaron
Halberstam, a 16-year-old Hasidic student who was killed on the Brooklyn Bridge
last year and whose parents were in the audience.

"What demeans society is when Devorah and David Halberstam can't get justice for
their son who was killed by a terrorist because we don't have the death penalty
in this state," Mr. Pataki said. "What demeans society is when too many police
officers respond to a call risking their lives to protect us and we as a society
don't do everything in our power to protect them and save their lives. This bill
is going to save lives."

But former Gov. Mario M. Cuomo, who vetoed 12 death penalty bills before Mr.
Pataki defeated him last year, said of the new law: "This is a step back in what
should be a march constantly toward a higher level of civility and intelligence.
The argument that the death penalty will deter and reduce crimes has been
abandoned almost everywhere."

Of the 86 Republicans in the two houses who voted on the bill, only one, Senator
John J. Marchi of Staten Island, voted no. Democrats were more divided on the
issue, as 70 voted against the bill and 47 voted for it.

The law makes about 10 categories of murder punishable by death via lethal
injection. The broadest category covers intentional murders committed during
other violent crimes like rape, robbery or kidnapping. Other capital crimes
include serial and contract killings, the murder of judges, murders involving
torture, and the murder of police officers and prison guards who are on duty.

Pregnant women, the mentally incompetent and mentally retarded will be exempted
from execution. But the mentally retarded can be executed if they commit murder
while in prison.

A statewide office of experienced lawyers will be created to train, help choose
and oversee court-appointed defense lawyers for the poor. A fund will also be
established to help pay for the huge costs likely to be incurred by prosecutors.
To guard against racial bias, the bill will allow defense lawyers to interview
prospective jurors privately about race issues.

Many district attorneys said they would prepare for their first death penalty
cases by sending assistants for specialized training, consulting with
prosecutors in other states and recruiting experts in areas like mental
retardation and mental competence. Some said they would probably hire new staff
members, though possibly not until next year.

The Queens District Attorney, Richard A. Brown, who oversees 350 lawyers, said
he planned to write a guidebook to help his assistants determine which murders
are appropriate for the death penalty. In Chemung County, District Attorney
James Hayden, who has three full-time assistants, said he hoped to receive help
and training from the state and other prosecutors.

"This is going to present a tremendous challenge," he said.

With only 24 hours to prepare for today's ceremony, Mr. Pataki's aides called on
people whom the Governor had met or campaigned with last year. One of them,
Carol McCauliff, whose son, Thomas, was murdered last year, appeared in a Pataki
campaign commercial in which she accused Mr. Cuomo of not caring about crime.

Asked why she wanted the death penalty, Devorah Halberstam said: "I'm a mother
who's suffering every day. I have children at home who are suffering all the
time for the loss of their brother. No. 1, there has to be justice, and we talk
about deterrence after."


LOAD-DATE: May 19, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



CORRECTION-DATE: April 10, 1995, Monday
March 10, 1995, Friday

CORRECTION:
A front-page picture caption on Wednesday about Gov. George E. Pataki's signing
of death-penalty legislation misspelled the surname of a woman shown with the
Governor and referred incorrectly to her son, who was killed last year. The
woman, Carol McCauliff, is married to a state trooper, but their son, Thomas,
was not a trooper.An article on March 8 about Gov.  George E. Pataki's signing
the death penalty into law misstated the rela tionship between Carol McCauliff,
who attended the ceremony and had appeared in a campaign advertise ment for Mr.
Pataki, and the murder victim whom she discussed in the ad.  The victim, Thomas
McCauliff, was Mrs. McCauliff's stepson, not her son. The same error appeared on
Oct. 12, Oct. 20 and Oct. 28 of last year in articles that mentioned the ad, in
which Mrs. McCauliff criti cized Gov. Mario M. Cuomo's posi tions on crime.

The error was pointed out in a letter last month from the husband of Thomas
McCauliff's mother. Ef forts to contact all the parties in volved further
delayed this correc tion.



GRAPHIC: Graph: "BY THE NUMBERS: Murder in the Area"
Photos: Gov. George E. Pataki signing death penalty bill. From left are Laura
Cannon, a slain officer's widow; Assemblyman Eric Vitaliano; Carol McAuliffe,
mother of a slain trooper, and Speaker Sheldon Silver. (David Jennings for The
New York Times) (pg. A1); Assemblyman Anthony S. Seminerio, a Queens Democrat,
arguing in support of a death penalty bill early yesterday at the Capitol in
Albany. The Assembly passed the measure shortly after 4:30 A.M. (pg. B5)

Roughly 15 percent to 20 percent of murders and manslaughters in New York State
are defined as capital crime under the death penalty law. In 1993, the latest
year for which figures are available, there were a total of 2,386 murders in New
York State. Graph shows precentage of murders and manslaughters so defined in
the five boroughs of New York City, Nassau, Suffolk and Westchester counties,
and in the rest of the state. (Source: N.Y.S. Criminal Justice Services) (pg.
B5)

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              102 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                                 June 27, 2003

13 US states to change law after gay case ruling

BYLINE: By CONOR O'CLERY

SECTION: CITY EDITION; WORLD NEWS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 579 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Five years ago police burst into the Texas apartment of Mr John Geddes Lawrence
and found him having sex with Mr Tyron Garner. The police had been called by a
neighbour with a grudge who had falsely complained that a man was "going crazy"
in the apartment.

Mr Lawrence and Mr Garner were arrested and charged with violating Texas's
sodomy laws. They each had to pay a fine of $ 200 and spend a night in jail.

There was outrage in the American gay rights movement that two men were
convicted for what they did in the privacy of a bedroom.

The case was fought all the way to the Supreme Court which, in a ruling
yesterday that has major implications for the rights of gay people in the United
States, struck down the ban on gay sex, ruling that the Texas law was an
unconstitutional violation of privacy.

Such a law "demeans the lives of homosexual persons", said Justice Anthony M.
Kennedy, concluding that the two men "were entitled to respect for their private
lives".

"The state cannot demean their existence or control their destiny by making
their private sexual conduct a crime," he said.

Mr Kennedy rejected the argument of Texas that communities had a right to
promote their own standards of morality and defend the institutions of marriage
and family.

Texas officials said the state wanted a constitutional line drawn "at the
threshold of the marital bedroom", and some supporters of its case, many from
conservative religious groups, expressed concern that a ruling against Texas
could lead eventually to the acceptance of same sex marriages.

Thirteen US states will now have to scrap their anti-sodomy laws. As recently as
1960, all 50 states had such a law on their statute books but 37 had since
dropped them.

However, in Texas, Kansas, Oklahoma and Missouri, oral and anal sex between
same-sex couples is still an offence against the law, and in another nine states
- Alabama, Florida, Idaho, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South
Carolina, Utah and Virginia - consensual sodomy is banned for everyone.

The 6-3 Supreme Court decision reverses a ruling 17 years ago that states could
punish homosexuals for "deviant sex", though the law was rarely enacted.

States now may not criminalise the private behaviour of consenting adults in a
bedroom and Texas will have to invalidate its law banning "deviate sexual
intercourse with another individual of the same sex".

Justices John Paul Stevens, David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen Breyer
and Sandra Day O'Connor voted for the decision while the three most conservative
members of the Supreme Court, Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices
Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas, dissented.

In his minority report, Justice Scalia said: "The court has largely signed on to
the so-called homosexual agenda," and had "taken sides in the culture wars". The
Supreme Court also ruled 5-4 yesterday to strike down a 1994 California law that
allowed prosecutions for sex crimes committed in the distant past, saying that a
state cannot retroactively erase statutes of limitations.

This is a setback for many cases taken against priests for abuse against minors
decades ago. The ruling came in an appeal by a 72-year-old man charged with
molesting his daughters when they were children.

Justice Stephen Breyer said the constitution barred states from revising already
expired legal deadlines. The law has implications for charges in other areas,
such as terrorism.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2003 The Irish Times


                              103 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Standard-Speaker (Hazleton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 29, 2015 Tuesday

Former towing contractor sues city, officials

BYLINE: Maria Jacketti, Standard-Speaker, Hazleton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 731 words


Dec. 29--The City of Hazleton is confronting yet another lawsuit, with Facebook
playing a starring role in the case.

Cynthia DeLuca of DeLuca's Auto Repair and Towing, 191 N. Cedar St., Hazleton,
has filed a civil suit in the U.S. District Court for the Middle District of
Pennsylvania, with a jury trial demanded, against the City of Hazleton, the
Hazleton Police Department, former police Chief Frank DeAndrea and Mayor Joseph
Yannuzzi.

DeLuca is being represented by Kimberly D. Borland and David P. Tomaszewski of
Borland and Borland, Wilkes-Barre.

In mid-October a Luzerne County judge dismissed DeLuca's appeal to the city's
suspension of using her towing service.

According to court documents, the amount of money in controversy exceeds
$75,000.

Additionally the documents state that in a letter dated June 9, which was faxed
to DeLuca on the same day, "purported to suspend plaintiffs from towing vehicles
for the City of Hazleton for a period of three years."

Exhibit A presented in the court filing states the following:

"The specific reasons for the suspension under section six repeated conduct by
any employee of the towing service of a nature which, by means of the
relationship of service, has with the Department, tends to demean the public
image of the Department as follows:

"Facebook posting under your personal account have accused the Mayor of Hazleton
with being criminal and accepting bribes. This by means of the relationship of
DeLuca's Towing has with the City of Hazleton and the Hazleton Police
Department, tends to demean the public image of the Department."

Court documents claim that the purported suspension happened without prior
notice or a hearing and had no basis in fact.

Additionally, it claims that DeLuca was never granted a requested
post-deprivation hearing.

According to the documents, the business owner says that she was not responsible
for the Facebook posting but says rather that her account was hacked.

Documents also claim that suspension letters of the city that were made public
cast "plaintiffs in a notoriously negative light."

The document further states that the defendants should have known that the
postings were false but they acted with negligence.

Additionally, the complaint says that DeLuca openly supported Grace Cuozzo in
the Democratic primary for mayor of Hazleton.

It presents an interview that Yannuzzi did with the Times Leader after the
suspension in which DeLuca is mentioned as supporting Cuozzo.

The court papers further say that in late November, then DeAndrea went to
DeLuca's Auto Repair & Towing and informed DeLuca "that the reason the
Plantiff's towing rights were suspended was because of the Plaintiffs' political
support for Ms. Cuozzo, who was Defendant Yannuzzi's political opponent in the
May 2105 primary election for mayor."

"He never said that,"Yannuzzi said in response to the lawsuit Monday. "He just
went there to tell her that they would no longer be towing for the city."

The 21-page court document claims that DeLuca had engaged in constitutionally
protected speech and that her business' suspension was connected to her support
of Cuozzo.

Violations of her speech, association, liberty and political affiliation were
also articulated, saying that they caused DeLuca "severe emotional distress."

Moreover, the papers say that DeLuca has "suffered embarrassment, humiliation,
harm to reputation and emotional distress."

DeLuca and other unnamed plaintiffs are requesting that the court order towing
rights reinstated with the city. Additionally attorneys are requesting permanent
injunctions against the defendants preventing them from taking adverse actions
against the plaintiffs in regard to their free speech, association and political
affiliation.

In terms of monetary compensation, DeLuca is requesting payment of pre-judgment
interest, compensatory and consequential damages, as well as payment for
attorney's fees and additional costs connected with mounting the case.

Yannuzzi declined extensive comment on the case given that litigation is in
process, but said "There is insurance to cover this."

DeAndrea declined comment on the matter, stating "This is an active lawsuit and
so I am precluded from making any comment."

mjacketti@standardspeaker.com

___ (c)2015 the Standard-Speaker (Hazleton, Pa.) Visit the Standard-Speaker
(Hazleton, Pa.) at standardspeaker.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151229-ZX-Former-towing-contractor-sues-city-officials-1229-20151229

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZX


                        Copyright 2015 Standard-Speaker


                              104 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday
                                   1 Edition

Zoe for President campaign focuses on helping kids succeed

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 710 words


This month, YMCA of the USA and YMCA of El Paso launched Zoe for President, a
campaign to elect a 1-year-old girl as our nation's commander in chief in 2064.

The campaign highlights the potential the Y sees in all kids to grow up and
change the world if they're nurtured properly and supported along the way.
Through Y initiatives like child care, academic enrichment, mentorship, college
prep, job training and other programs, kids have the opportunities to succeed,
grow, and one day, maybe even become president.

The Y aims to impart the values of what it means to achieve - how hard work,
determination, perseverance and character can drive someone to success beyond
what they thought possible.

This is part of our annual giving campaign. Last year, we raised $180,000. This
year, we are hoping to raise $255,000. We gave out more than $433,000 in
scholarships.

Like all candidates, Zoe has her own campaign website, ZoeForPresident.net,
where users can donate to her campaign. There you can watch videos to learn her
stance on issues and shop for swag.

When users donate to Zoe's campaign, they are donating to their local Y and
supporting the programs and services that enable kids like Zoe to thrive from
childhood through retirement.

"While Zoe for President is a breath of fresh air during a heated campaign
cycle, every child - regardless of background - needs support and guidance to
reach their full potential," said Kevin Washington, president and CEO of YMCA of
the USA. "Zoe's campaign addresses actual issues that America's communities are
faced with each day, like access to early childhood education, safe space, meal
assistance, and the Y's role in solving the challenges head on."

Here are a few details on the Zoe for President campaign:

Q: Is Zoe a Republican or Democrat?

A: Zoe is neither a Republican, nor a Democrat. She is nonpartisan. She
represents the potential in all children to succeed if given the right
opportunities. Every day, in more than 10,000 communities, the Y is nurturing
young potential, developing future leaders and building stronger families.

Q: Where does Zoe stand on abortion, immigration, foreign policy and tax reform?

A: Zoe is not taking a position on these issues; she is focusing on the
importance of nurturing, encouraging and supporting our youth so that they can
grow to be active and effective citizens. She represents the potential in all
kids, if given the kinds of opportunities the Y provides.

Q: This can't be a serious campaign. Are you trying to demean the value of our
election process?

A: In no way does Zoe's campaign attempt to demean the election process. While
Zoe is fun and adorable, the issues she is raising are very important to our
nation's future and should be addressed by all the candidates running today and
in future elections. Zoe hopes to shed some light on today's issues and how they
may affect a child's future 60 years from now. If anything, Zoe is drawing
attention to the need for us all to take this election more seriously than ever,
because the current candidates are going to determine her future. Zoe is a
symbol for the potential in all of us to realize our dreams, if given the right
opportunities.

Q: If we support Zoe, what are we supporting?

A: By supporting Zoe, you're supporting the idea that all children should have
the opportunity to reach his or her full potential, and you're supporting the
Y's mission to make it happen through programs that nurture young minds, develop
future leaders and build stronger families.

Q: What is Zoe's connection to the Y?

A: Zoe was selected by the Y after careful thought and consideration as the
national representative of our best intentions for our children and all members
of our community. Her platform encourages and celebrates the kinds of programs
and support that the Y provides to all ages. She represents the potential the Y
sees in all children if given the right opportunities throughout their lives.

For a full list of YMCA programs that can help a kid like Zoe go from birth to
president, visit ZoeForPresident.net/issues.

For those interested in donating to the YMCA of El Paso, visit
ZoeForPresident.net or call 532-9622.

Bill Coon is president and CEO of the YMCA of El Paso; elpasoymca.org.

GET INVOLVED

YMCA OF EL PASO

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: elp


                          Copyright 2016 El Paso Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              105 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                   June 29, 2003 Sunday MORNING FINAL EDITION

WISDOM PREVAILS OVER SCALIA'S NONSENSE

BYLINE: MERCURY NEWS EDITORIAL

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 4P

LENGTH: 319 words


The U.S. Supreme Court's historic decision last week striking down sodomy laws
was not just about sex. It was an affirmation of the right of adult Americans --
including gays and lesbians -- to have consensual, intimate relationships free
from the prying eyes of government.

How far the court -- and the country -- have come since 1986, when 25 states had
anti-sodomy laws and the court upheld a Georgia law outlawing gay sex.

Today 13 states outlaw sodomy, and four target gays exclusively. In this
climate, Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote for the majority that a Texas law
prohibiting certain sexual practices between same-sex couples "demeans the lives
of homosexual persons" just as it would demean a married couple to say that
"marriage is simply about the right to have sexual intercourse."

In his dissent, Justice Antonin Scalia wrote that striking down sodomy laws
could speed the moral breakdown of the country -- a steady downward spiral into
incest, prostitution, adultery and bestiality. He said the decision represents
"a massive disruption of the current social order."

You have wonder: Where is Scalia living? Gays and lesbians live openly in
communities across the country, though they still encounter discrimination and
abuse. Even Justice Clarence Thomas, who thought the Texas law was
constitutional, called it "uncommonly silly."

Scalia fears this decision promotes the "homosexual agenda," specifically gay
marriage. On that matter, gays hope he is right, but many other legal obstacles
to gay marriage exist.

The decision should have other benefits for gay couples, however. For example,
their ability to adopt children won't be compromised in states where their
relationship has been considered criminal.

Many of the great civil rights decisions of the past caused "massive disruption
of the current social order." This one merely reflects that the social order has
evolved.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: JOANNE HOYOUNG LEE -- MERCURY NEWS
In San Francisco, Eric Rofes hugs gay, lesbian rights activist Beth Tepers,
celebrating the Supreme Court ruling.

                     Copyright 2003 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              106 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            October 28, 2002 Monday

Chronological age not the whole story

BYLINE: DAVID FORTH

LENGTH: 765 words


I remember being impressed, at 16, by Charles Lamb's observation: "Competence to
age is supplementary youth, a sorry supplement indeed, but I fear the best that
is to be had." Today, I suspect it has been a long wait for precious little, and
I would stress the "sorry" of Lamb's comment. Nevertheless, it might be
interesting to mix Shakespeare's seven ages of man with a bit of horse sense and
speculate about the ages that best fit a few aspects of our present situation. n
It's a pity that child abuse within the Roman Catholic Church has not been
better handled.

What the church itself does or does not do has no bearing on what society knows
should be done. An abusive priest poses the same danger to children as any other
pedophile, yet the barrage of social workers and law-enforcement persons that is
released against any other offender often fails against the priest. How long
will we stand by and watch this antiquated relic rumble across the modern
landscape like a monster from an old Japanese movie? The enormous power for good
that remains in the scholarship and humanitarianism of the Roman Catholic Church
is hidden beneath its centuries-old and long-discredited ability to operate
outside the rules of accepted government. Estimated age is about 800 years. n In
North Dakota, we are subject to as disgusting an example of political
campaigning as anyone can imagine. Earl Pomeroy and Rick Clayburgh are spending
enough money on television ads to do some real good among the disadvantaged of
the state. It is not possible for voters to separate truth from lies on either
side of this silly slanging match. It demeans the public that is subject to such
drivel. It demeans the contestants, who could not possibly have a low enough
opinion of voters to believe that anyone will be impressed. What we should think
of those who write this kind of "bull" is way beyond my comprehension. Yet, here
we are, forced to choose between two aspirers to high office whose images are
presented as two little boys facing off in a school yard, yelling abuse in words
they do not fully understand. Estimated age is not more than 8 years. n While we
think about political images, let's consider the president. He presents many
faces. Unchanged from his first moments in office are his non-stop efforts to
give outright gifts of money plus the benefit of legislation to his friends.
Whatever one may think of the morality of such actions, there is no denying that
it shows considerable maturity of both decision and application. He has also
created an image that demands agreement from the rest of the world, while at the
same time being ready to about-face for momentary advantage. Combinations of
aspects makes age equivalent somewhat difficult to figure. Are we dealing with a
40-year-old with a one-track mind, a precocious 10-year-old playing tricks with
a bright new toy, or just disguise? The fiscal difficulties now facing the world
suggest that no presidential image is performing as well as we would hope. n The
Middle East is close to chaos. Ariel Sharon of Israel rides rampant over a
captive Palestinian population, destroying homes and livelihoods. He expects
that enough brutality will impose his authoritarianism on the people who were
moved aside to allow formation of his state half a century ago. This action by
Sharon, while opposed by a significant part of his own people, is supported and
paid for by the combined contributions of United States individuals and the
government of this country. The resulting humanitarian problems are compounded
by the rift between cultures that we now see across the world. In simplified
terms, the division can be seen as between Wahabi Mohammedanism and
Judeo-Christianity. What is surprising is that the two sects are so similar. The
first arose about 1800 as an authoritarian, fundamentalist offshoot of a great
religion, and finally came to power in 1925, when the House of Saud was
recognized as owner of Arabia. The second arose in Europe and the United States
just before 1900 as an authoritarian, fundamentalist offshoot of two great
religions, and finally came to power in Palestine in 1945 and in the United
States in 2000 through skilled manipulation of democratic political practice.
Leaders of all parts of this confrontation exhibit absolute confidence in their
own ability and the rightness of their own actions. When opposed, they claim
unqualified love and support. It seems to me those are exactly the
characteristics of 2-year-olds. (David Forth is a retired livestock manager from
Wing. His column on alternate Mondays.)

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2002 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              107 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 3, 2012 Saturday

Merrill calls for changes in Connecticut voting laws

BYLINE: JC Reindl, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 973 words


March 03--HARTFORD -- Secretary of the State Denise Merrill on Friday introduced
to state legislators a three-part package of proposals for changes in the
state's voting law, including a new push for Election Day voter registration in
the hopes of getting more people to vote.

"When one in three eligible voters in our state does not even bother to register
to vote, that tells me we have a crisis of low voter participation," Merrill, a
Democrat and former House majority leader, said in announcing the legislation.

Another proposal would put a question on the November ballot to amend part of
the state constitution concerning absentee voting. The amendment would clear the
way for future legislation to allow early voting, mail-in voting or "no excuse"
absentee ballots for any eligible voter -- not just for those who can't get to
the polls.

A third measure would increase the criminal penalty for voter intimidation and
interference to a Class D felony, punishable by up to five years imprisonment.
It also would establish new penalty guidelines for vote-tampering crimes.

All three proposals are backed by Democratic Gov. Dannel P. Malloy.

During Friday's public hearing, Lt. Gov. Nancy Wyman told members of the
Government Administration and Elections Committee that the legislation would
expand voter participation at a time when other states are tightening
requirements.

"Many states are taking steps to put obstacles in the way of citizens," said
Wyman, a Democrat. "Here in Connecticut we're doing just the opposite."

Republican-majority legislatures in states including Indiana, Texas and
Wisconsin recently passed measures that require voters to present photo
identification at the polls.

Proponents of such laws say they prevent voter fraud. But Democrats claim the
additional requirements suppress participation among low-income groups and
minorities, who are more likely to vote Democratic.

Connecticut requires a pre-printed form of identification at the polls, such as
a utility bill, bank statement, paycheck or government document that shows the
voter's name and either address, signature or photograph.

Eight states and the District of Columbia allow Election Day voter registration.

The General Assembly in 2003 approved Election Day registration, but it was
vetoed by then-Gov. John G. Rowland, a Republican, who expressed concerns about
potential fraud.

A version of the legislation passed the state's House of Representatives in
2009, but went no further.

Chris Healy, former chairman of the Connecticut Republican Party, testified
Friday that allowing Election Day registration, in addition to inviting fraud
and confusion, would "demean the value of voting."

"I'm concerned that the more we make this an exercise in expediency, we sort of
demean the whole process," Healy told legislators. "When you turn 18, you should
go down and register. If you don't do that, and you don't take the time to
understand what this country is all about, then shame on you," he said.

Merrill claims that Election Day registration actually would deter fraud,
because would-be voters must appear in person, prove who they are and have their
names cross-referenced to ensure that they haven't already cast a vote.

Under existing law, in-person voter registration is allowed until noon on the
day before a primary, and up to seven days before an election.

Healy says that is plenty of time: "You can get up off the couch and go down and
fill it out."

But State Sen. Gayle Slossberg, D-Milford, elections committee co-chairwoman,
said that if the ability exists to register people on Election Day, there is no
good reason not to.

"Nowadays, there are a lot of people who don't pay attention to elections until
it's very close to the election," Slossberg said. "Why are we disenfranchising
them? They should have the right to vote."

The League of Women Voters of Connecticut also testified in favor of same-day
registration.

Sixty-six percent of eligible citizens in Connecticut cast a vote in the 2008
presidential election, according to a Secretary of the State report. The
national average was 62 percent. In states that offer Election Day registration,
turnout was 69 percent.

Merrill also released Friday the final report of her Election Performance Task
Force, which studied ways to improve the state's electoral system.

The report asserts that young adults, minorities and low-income populations
likely would benefit the most from Election Day registration.

If the legislation passes, Merrill said, same-day registration could be enacted
in time for the 2013 municipal elections.

The same bill also would create an online voter registration system for eligible
voters with a Connecticut driver's license. Merrill emphasized that no voting
would occur online, and such an arrangement would supplement, rather than
replace, the existing registration system.

Voter registration currently takes place through the mail or in person at a
local registrar of voters.

Mail-in registration forms are available online on the secretary of the state's
website and also can be picked up and dropped off at Department of Motor
Vehicles offices.

Only three classes of Connecticut voters are now allowed to vote via absentee
ballot: the ill or disabled, those traveling out-of-town and individuals under a
religious obligation that forbids such activity.

The proposed constitutional amendment would eliminate those restrictions and
empower the legislature to craft laws to expand the use of absentee ballots.
Thirty-two states have "no excuse" absentee voting, according to the task force
report .

A minimum of three-quarters of both legislative chambers must support the bill
to get the amendment question on the fall ballot.

j.reindl@theday.com

___ (c)2012 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120303-NL-Merrill-calls-for-changes-in-Connecticut-voting-laws-0303-20120303

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2012 The Day


                              108 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 6, 2014 Thursday

New York: County's Office of the Disabled Helps Spread the Word to End the Word

LENGTH: 535  words

DATELINE: Albany


Erie County, The State of New York has issued the following news release:

Erie County Office for the Disabled was joined by numerous other agencies in a
Community Involvement Day at the Central Library in downtown Buffalo as part of
an annual national effort to "Spread the Word to End the Word". The event
brought parents, teachers, and students together in an effort to raise societal
consciousness about the dehumanizing effects of the word "retard(ed)",
encouraging all  people to pledge to stop using the word, and also called
attention to the many forms of physical, verbal, and cyber bullying and the need
to eradicate them.

"Efforts like this Community Involvement Day help to bring people together to
realize how hurtful and destructive language can be, and how bullying of any
kind is always wrong," said Erie County Executive Mark C. Poloncarz.  "The
r-word or any cruel language only demeans and divides people. When we join
together and pledge to stop using that language and to stop bullying wherever we
see it, we are reaffirming that we want to live in a community that is
respectful, caring, and inclusive. I want to thank the Office for the Disabled
and their partners for once again leading the way and spotlighting this issue."

The "Spread the Word" campaign was created by youth with and without
intellectual disabilities who participated in the Special Olympics Global Youth
Activation Summit at the 2009 Special Olympics Winter Games, and is intended to
engage school organizations and communities to rally and pledge their support.
While the effort's annual day of awareness is held on the first Wednesday of
March, communities and schools interested in participating can do so year-round
through pledge drives, youth rallies, and online engagement.

Open to families and students from elementary through high school and from
across Erie County, highlights of Community Involvement Day included an
anti-bullying discussion facilitated by Joseph Chudoba, Domestic Violence
Advocate for the Erie County Sheriff's Office; a panel discussion on the effects
of bullying on people moderated by Brie Kishel, Program & Operations Manager for
the University at Buffalo's Alberti Center for Bullying Prevention; a colorful
and expressive poster contest; and a reading from the play "Always October",
which was written and performed by individuals with disabilities.

"Today's event provides a great opportunity for community advocates to assemble
and educate the public about language that is hurtful, not to one specific
group, but to all people," said Frank Cammarata, Executive Director of the Erie
County Office for the Disabled. "We are providing awareness to the entire county
that the r-word is hurtful as well as so many other words meant to demean, and
needs to be considered before being spoken. Harmful language, bullying, and
other negative behaviors hurt and have long-lasting effects, so it is essential
that we 'spread the word' as far as possible."

Sponsors for Community Involvement Day include the Erie County Office for the
Disabled, Self-Advocates of NYS ("SANYS"), the Buffalo & Erie County Public
Library, and People, Inc.

For further information please visit: http://www2.erie.gov/

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              109 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 18, 1993, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

THE SEXES;
This Proposal Is for Status Quo

BYLINE: By Elizabeth Kaye

SECTION: Section 9; Page 7; Column 1; Styles of The Times

LENGTH: 1461 words


POPULAR entertainments being what they are, attempts to analyze a movie these
days may produce the uneasy sense that you are critiquing a cartoon. Still,
Hollywood cartoons can impinge on a nerve, activating reservoirs of shame and
secret longing, tapping into inadmissible impulses, in the process providing a
release for moral and sexual anxiety in much the way that horror movies are said
to release other types of tension. Consider "Fatal Attraction," "Pretty Woman,"
"Basic Instinct" and, with an opening-week gross of $25 million, the current
leading box-office attraction, "Indecent Proposal," a film that begins in the
soft focus of a Kotex ad, and goes on to prove that nothing is sacred.

The picture's evocative title instantly telegraphs the link it draws between sex
and money, the two issues that even the most sanguine individuals are least
sanguine about. This combination is examined through a premise that is as bogus
as it is intriguing: can a middle-class marriage survive after a devoted wife
sells herself for an evening to a stunning-but-lonely billionaire winsomely
played by a guarded-yet-tender Robert Redford? Or, to recycle the question Erich
Segal posited more than 25 years ago, does being in love really mean never
having to say you're sorry?

Yet, because the other leading characters are numbingly bland, as portrayed by
Demi Moore and Woody Harrelson, and because the potentially explosive subject
matter is dealt with so fancifully, the most astonishing aspect of this picture
is that it has made so many people of such varying views so apoplectic.

Last week, a local Manhattan news show interviewed Dr. Ruth Westheimer, who
categorically stated that the picture cheapens love. Newspaper reporters
interviewed Patricia Ireland and Susan Faludi, who categorically stated that the
picture demeans women. One station conducted man-on-the-street interviews with
men who stated categorically that the picture demeans them.

In The New York Post, society columnist William Norwich reported that the
English author Barbara Cartland, "has gone ballistic."

"The whole idea is absolutely disgusting, degrading and vulgar," Mr. Norwich
quoted Ms. Cartland as saying, "and no woman with any pretensions to being
decent would do it."

"This movie," said a woman I know, "is a man's fantasy of a woman's fantasy."

The proliferation of that fantasy is more widespread than you might suspect, as
can be gleaned from results of a poll aired on the Oprah Winfrey show on which
the film's premise was discussed. "If you were offered a million dollars," women
were asked, "would you break your marriage vows and sleep with a stranger?"
Fifty-five percent said yes.

To men, the delicate matter of whether to relinquish their wife to raise money
they cannot earn seemingly provoked such overwhelming feelings that most
retreated into the cliches that mask real emotion.

"I'd do it in a minute," one man told Ms. Winfrey, "they can touch her
physically, but they can't touch her spiritually."

"I would have to say yes," agreed another man. "I love her, but afterwards I
could still love her, and we'd have the money."

In case you were wondering how its theme plays out, the film's main characters,
Diana and David (Miss Moore and Mr. Harrelson) are avatars from an equally
bromide-ridden America, a smug and comfortable world where there is an answer
for every question and no one questions any answers. In this world, David
believes "a life without risk is like no life at all."

Displaying her habit for being bowled over by shopworn verities, Diana dreamily
intones, "Someone once said, 'If you want something very badly, set it free, if
it comes back to you, it's yours forever.' "

In Diana and David's sturdy, no-frills America, pocketbooks are eschewed for
knapsacks, underwear is white cotton and shirts are well-worn denim. David
snacks on the good-old-American peanut butter and banana sandwiches that
fattened Elvis Presley. Yet, Diana and David are not squares. Their sex life is
heated and virtually incessant. Their intimacy permits Diana to engage David in
earnest talks about their finances while she sits on the toilet.

David is an architect. Diana is a real estate agent who finds the property on
which David can build the dream house that will establish his reputation, though
it turns out that, unlike Mr. Blandings, he can't afford it. The recession has
inhibited their grasping the American dream through the hard work and vision
that traditionally help obtain it. They borrow $5,000 and go to Las Vegas, Nev.,
to parlay it into the $50,000 they desperately need, thus partaking in the
ultimate American dream, which is to get something for nothing.

In Las Vegas, Diana beguiles the billionaire John Gage by surreptitiously
helping herself to a large handful of free Godiva chocolates, (read: innocent)
and then trying on a $5,000 black dress that is elegant with just a hint of
bondage (read: sexy). Still, Diana evinces her stubborn Calvinist streak when
John tries to buy her the dress.

"You've earned it," he tells her.

"No, I haven't," she replies. "The dress is for sale. I'm not."

Sadly, like most of what Diana claims, this is not the case.

And when John offers David a million dollars for one night with Diana, she
replies with characteristic originality, "You can't buy people."

"That's naive, Diana," John says, in the best line of the picture, "I buy people
every day."

John is curiously self-effacing for a man able to amass a billion dollars. "The
night would come and go," he tells the couple when they initially and
emphatically refuse his offer, "but the money would last a lifetime."

In any case, you see what is upsetting about this picture: it nudges you to
reassess cherished illusions that the vows you make cannot be broken, that the
principles you adopt cannot be compromised, that you cannot be bought for a
million dollars. And the audience giggles and twitters nervously when the next
scene reveals David in bed, sleeplessly staring at the ceiling, eyes as round,
blue and blank as newly laid robin's eggs. They laugh because it is obvious that
he is thinking that the deal might be worth it.

Just like people in real life, movie characters want it both ways, although,
unlike in real life, getting it both ways does not seem to pose much of an
obstacle.

"Fatal Attraction" hedged its bets by dividing the classic madonna/ whore into
two people. The particular cleverness of a movie like "Pretty Woman" or
"Indecent Proposal" is that they contain the tension of madonna and whore in a
single individual. Not that there is much tension, this being Hollywood. In
"Pretty Woman," the madonna was barely a whore, while "Indecent Proposal's"
whore is a tad too earthy to really be a madonna. Nonetheless, this fusion
enabled the pretty woman to be both a prostitute and an innocent, while enabling
Diana to be both a bad girl and a self-sacrificing martyr.

But sacrifice, or so women are always told, is meant to be its own reward. So
perhaps what ultimately upsets people about "Indecent Proposal" is not that
Diana spends the night with John, but that she enjoys it. The idea that a woman
can enjoy sex without love makes people nervous.

In the Chinese film "Raise the Red Lantern," the most likable woman is the one
who least likes being a concubine. But now, we have Diana, dressed by John for
their rendezvous in a Mandarin-style sheath, after he has already pleased her
with a sexy dress in a big red box tied with bright red ribbon, like a child's
vision of a really good present. You don't have to be pre-pubescent to harbor
the fantasy of being Daddy's little girl.

The future of the woman's movement depends on women disliking their current
position, which means that nothing subverts feminism more than the possibility
that there are perks in being infantalized and in victimization. The secret
appeal of the victimized status is precisely what Adrian Lyne, the director of
"Indecent Proposal," has capitalized on since he made "Nine-and-a-Half Weeks"
and "Fatal Attraction." The degree to which women enjoy being victims is the
degree to which their progress is impeded, which means that progress depends on
denying that this enjoyment is possible.

"I hate you," Diana later tells John.

"No," he says, "you want to hate me."

By the end of the movie, David and Diana have ventured far from the good,
predictable America where children of all ages eat peanut butter and banana
sandwiches, only to arrive there once again, ready to embark on the life they
planned initially. Which brings us to the most disturbing aspect of this
picture: it's strange ability to demonstrate that nothing is more difficult to
become than the person you always claimed to be.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: "I hate you," Diana (Demi Moore) tells Gage (Robert Redford).
"No," he says, "you want to hate me." Diana and David (Woody Harrelson), who
agree she should sleep with another man for $1 million. (Photographs by David
James)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              110 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 20, 2015 Friday

New Jersey: Mazzeo, Andrzejczak, Lagana & Mukherji Bill to Create "NJ Stolen
Valor Act" to Crack Down on Those Who Falsely Impersonate Veterans & Active Duty
Military Advances

LENGTH: 776  words

DATELINE: Trenton


New Jersey Assembly Majority Office has issued the following news release:

The Assembly panel on military affairs released legislation on Thursday
sponsored by Assembly Democrats Vince Mazzeo, Bob Andrzejczak, Joseph Lagana and
Raj Mukherji to crack down on individuals who demean members of the U.S. Armed
Forces by falsely impersonating veterans or active duty military in order to try
and receive various perks.

The bill was inspired by recent reports of a growing trend in which veterans and
active-duty troops record people they believe are faking military service, often
times to try and receive various perks, and post the results on social media. In
one of the most recent videos, which has received nearly five million hits on
YouTube, a veteran at the Oxford Valley Mall in Pennsylvania questions a man in
army fatigues who claims to have served in Afghanistan and Iraq as a member of
the elite Army Rangers, but clearly appears unfamiliar with proper military
protocol.

"Anyone who attempts to obtain any financial benefit or perks by knowingly lying
about their military or veteran status really stoops to a new low," said Mazzeo
(D-Atlantic). "These examples of Stolen Valor demean those who have served in
the military and those who have sacrificed and lost their lives in defense of
our nation. It is my hope that this legislation and its harsh penalties will
help dissuade anyone from continuing this heinous practice."

The bill, designated the "New Jersey Stolen Valor Act," seeks to crack down on
these imposters by making it a crime of the third degree, with a mandatory
minimum fine of $1,000, to knowingly misrepresent oneself as a veteran or member
of the military for the purpose of obtaining money, property or another benefit
by wearing the uniform or any medal or insignia authorized for use by the
members or veterans of the United Armed Forces or the organized militia.

"Every soldier earns each and every stripe or promotion with hard work and
dedication to their country," said Andrzejczak (D-Cape May, Atlantic,
Cumberland). "To impersonate a veteran and benefit from the service and
sacrifice of real military men and woman is disgraceful. It deserves punishment
to the fullest extent of the law."

"The invaluable experience and knowledge of military men and women cannot be
easily duplicated," said Lagana (D-Bergen, Passaic). "There should be a penalty
those who try to impersonate them and take advantage of military perks and
benefits offered in New Jersey."

"Service men and women put their lives on the line in the most dangerous of
situations to protect our freedoms here and abroad," said Mukherji (D-Hudson).
"Impersonation of a soldier is nothing to take lightly. Men and women have
earned their status as members of the U.S. Armed Force and must be given the
respect and honor they deserve for their service."

Currently, state law makes it a crime of the fourth degree to knowingly present
oneself as a veteran or a member of the military with the intent to deceive, but
not necessarily for the purpose of obtaining any kind of benefit, by wearing a
military uniform or medal or insignia.

Additionally, this bill would make false statements regarding oneself as a
recipient of any decoration or medal of the U.S. Armed Forces or organized
militia for the purpose of obtaining money, property or another benefit a crime
of the third degree, with a mandatory minimum fine of $1,000.
State law does not presently prohibit false statements about military or veteran
status.

Federal law prohibits both the unauthorized wearing of a military uniform or any
distinctive part thereof and false statements as to receipt of military
decorations or medals for the purpose of obtaining money, property, or some
other tangible benefit.

Any fines collected under this bill would be dedicated to the Military
Dependents Scholarship Fund, which would be established by legislation (A-2489)
which was approved by the General Assembly in July and is pending in the Senate.
The fund would provide college scholarships to the spouses and children of those
killed, missing in action or disabled in the Post 9/11 Operation Noble Eagle,
Operation Enduring Freedom, Operation Iraqi Freedom, or Operation New Dawn.

Until this fund is established, any fines collected under this bill would be
dedicated to the "NJ National Guard State Family Readiness Council Fund," to
provide assistance to New Jersey National Guard members and their families
affected by extended deployment during Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation
Iraqi Freedom.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              111 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 27, 2015 Friday

New Jersey: Assembly Oks Mazzeo, Andrzejczak, Lagana, Mukherji, Tucker & Garcia
Bill to Create "NJ Stolen Valor Act" to Crack Down on Those Who Falsely
Impersonate Veterans & Active Duty Military

LENGTH: 842  words

DATELINE: Trenton


New Jersey Assembly Majority Office has issued the following news release:

The General Assembly approved legislation on Thursday sponsored by Assembly
Democrats Vince Mazzeo, Bob Andrzejczak, Joseph Lagana, Raj Mukherji, Cleopatra
Tucker and Carmelo G. Garcia to crack down on individuals who demean members of
the U.S. Armed Forces by falsely impersonating veterans or active duty military
in order to try and receive various perks.

The bill was inspired by recent reports of a growing trend in which veterans and
active-duty troops record people they believe are faking military service, often
times to try and receive various perks, and post the results on social media. In
one of the most recent videos, which has received nearly five million hits on
YouTube, a veteran at the Oxford Valley Mall in Pennsylvania questions a man in
army fatigues who claims to have served in Afghanistan and Iraq as a member of
the elite Army Rangers, but clearly appears unfamiliar with proper military
protocol.

"Anyone who attempts to obtain any financial benefit or perks by knowingly lying
about their military or veteran status really stoops to a new low," said Mazzeo
(D-Atlantic). "These examples of Stolen Valor demean those who have served in
the military and those who have sacrificed and lost their lives in defense of
our nation. It is my hope that this legislation and its harsh penalties will
help dissuade anyone from continuing this heinous practice."

The bill, designated the "New Jersey Stolen Valor Act," seeks to crack down on
these imposters by making it a crime of the third degree, with a mandatory
minimum fine of $1,000, to knowingly misrepresent oneself as a veteran or member
of the military for the purpose of obtaining money, property or another benefit
by wearing the uniform or any medal or insignia authorized for use by the
members or veterans of the United Armed Forces or the organized militia.

"Every soldier earns each and every stripe or promotion with hard work and
dedication to their country," said Andrzejczak (D-Cape May, Atlantic,
Cumberland). "To impersonate a veteran and benefit from the service and
sacrifice of real military men and woman is disgraceful. It deserves punishment
to the fullest extent of the law."

Currently, state law makes it a crime of the fourth degree to knowingly present
oneself as a veteran or a member of the military with the intent to deceive, but
not necessarily for the purpose of obtaining any kind of benefit, by wearing a
military uniform or medal or insignia.

"The invaluable experience and knowledge of military men and women cannot be
easily duplicated," said Lagana (D-Bergen, Passaic). "There should be a penalty
those who try to impersonate them and take advantage of military perks and
benefits offered in New Jersey."

"Service men and women put their lives on the line in the most dangerous of
situations to protect our freedoms here and abroad," said Mukherji (D-Hudson).
"Impersonation of a soldier is nothing to take lightly. Men and women have
earned their status as members of the U.S. Armed Force and must be given the
respect and honor they deserve for their service."

Additionally, this bill would make false statements regarding oneself as a
recipient of any decoration or medal of the U.S. Armed Forces or organized
militia for the purpose of obtaining money, property or another benefit a crime
of the third degree, with a mandatory minimum fine of $1,000.
State law does not presently prohibit false statements about military or veteran
status.

Federal law prohibits both the unauthorized wearing of a military uniform or any
distinctive part thereof and false statements as to receipt of military
decorations or medals for the purpose of obtaining money, property, or some
other tangible benefit.

"Impersonating a military officer in order to take advantage of special benefits
is a despicable act and it should be a crime in New Jersey," said Tucker
(D-Essex).

"Individuals who impersonate the military are mocking the sacrifices made by
real service men and women," said Garcia (D-Hudson). "The bill makes it clear
that this behavior will not be tolerated in New Jersey."

Any fines collected under this bill would be dedicated to the Military
Dependents Scholarship Fund, which would be established by legislation (A-2489)
which was approved by the General Assembly in July and is pending in the Senate.
The fund would provide college scholarships to the spouses and children of those
killed, missing in action or disabled in the Post 9/11 Operation Noble Eagle,
Operation Enduring Freedom, Operation Iraqi Freedom, or Operation New Dawn.

Until this fund is established, any fines collected under this bill would be
dedicated to the "NJ National Guard State Family Readiness Council Fund," to
provide assistance to New Jersey National Guard members and their families
affected by extended deployment during Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation
Iraqi Freedom.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              112 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                              July 1, 2013 Monday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Just Another Wacky Week In Post-Constitutional U.S.

BYLINE: MARK STEYN

SECTION: ISSUES & INSIGHTS; VIEWPOINT; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 1350 words


Wednesday, June 26, 2013 -- just another day in a constitutional republic of
limited government by citizen representatives:

First thing in the morning, Gregory Roseman, deputy director of acquisitions
(whatever that means), became the second IRS official to take the Fifth
Amendment, after he was questioned about awarding the largest contract in IRS
history, totaling some half-a-billion dollars, to his close friend Braulio
Castillo, who qualified under a federal "set-aside" program favoring
disadvantaged groups -- in this case, disabled veterans.

For the purposes of federal contracting, Mr. Castillo is a "disabled veteran"
because he twisted his ankle during a football game at the U.S. Military Academy
prep school 27 years ago. How he overcame this crippling disability to win a
half-billion-dollar IRS contract is the heartwarming stuff of an inspiring
Lifetime TV movie.

Later in the day, Sen. John Hoeven, Republican of North Dakota and alleged
author of the Corker-Hoeven Amendment to the immigration bill, went on Hugh
Hewitt's radio show and, in a remarkable interview, revealed to the world that
he had absolutely no idea what was in the legislation he "wrote."

Rachel Jeantel, the endearingly disastrous star witness at the George Zimmerman
trial, excused her inability to comprehend the letter she'd supposedly written
to Trayvon Martin's parents on the grounds that "I don't read cursive." Sen.
Hoeven doesn't read legislative. For example, Section 5(b)(1):

"Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the
Secretary shall establish a strategy, to be known as the "Southern Border
Fencing Strategy' . . . ."

On the other hand, Section 5(b)(5):

"Notwithstanding paragraph (1), nothing in this subsection shall require the
Secretary to install fencing . . . ."

Asked to reconcile these two paragraphs, Hoeven explained that, "when I read
through that with my lawyer," the guy said relax, don't worry about it. (I
paraphrase, but barely.)

So Hoeven and 67 other senators went ahead the following day and approved the
usual bazillion-page we-have-to-pass-it-to-find-out-what's-in-it omnibus bill,
cooked up in the backrooms, released late on a Friday afternoon and passed in
nothing flat after Sen. Harry Reid decreed there's no need for further debate --
not that anything recognizable to any genuine legislature as "debate" ever
occurs in "the world's greatest deliberative body."

Say what you like about George III, but the Tea Act was about tea. The so-called
"comprehensive immigration reform" is so comprehensive it includes special deals
for Nevada casinos and the recategorization of the Alaskan fish processing
industry as a "cultural exchange" program, because the more leaping salmon we
have the harder it is for Mexicans to get across the Bering Strait.

While we're bringing millions of Undocumented-Americans "out of the shadows,"
why don't we try bringing Washington's decadent and diseased law-making out of
the shadows?

Just when you thought the day couldn't get any more momentous, the Supreme Court
weighed in on same-sex marriage. When less-advanced societies wish to introduce
gay marriage, the people's elected representatives assemble in parliament and
pass a law. That's how they did it in the Netherlands, Belgium, Spain, Norway,
Sweden, Portugal, etc.

But one shudders to contemplate what would result were the legislative class to
attempt "comprehensive marriage reform," complete with tax breaks for Maine
lobstermen's au pairs and the hiring of 20,000 new IRS agents to verify business
expenses for page boys from disparate-impact groups.

So instead it fell to five out of nine judges, which means it fell to Anthony
Kennedy, because he's the guy who swings both ways. Thus, Supreme Intergalactic
Emperor Anthony gets to decide the issue for 300 million people.

As Spider-Man's Uncle Ben so famously says in every remake, with great power
comes great responsibility. Having assumed the power to redefine a societal
institution that predates the U.S. by thousands of years, Emperor Tony the
All-Wise had the responsibility at least to work up the semblance of a legal
argument.

Instead, he struck down the Defense of Marriage Act on the grounds that those
responsible for it were motivated by an "improper animus" against a "politically
unpopular group" they wished to "disparage," "demean" and "humiliate" as
"unworthy."

What stump-toothed knuckle-dragging inbred swamp-dwellers from which hellish
Bible Belt redoubt would do such a thing? Well, fortunately, we have their names
on the record: The DOMA legislators who were driven by their need to "harm" gay
people include notorious homophobe Democrats Chuck Schumer, Pat Leahy, Harry
Reid, Joe Biden and the virulent anti-gay hater who signed it into law, Bill
Clinton.

It's good to have President Clinton's animus against gays finally exposed by
Kennedy. There's a famous photograph of him taken round the time he signed DOMA,
at a big fundraiser wearing that black tie and wing-collar combo that always
made him look like the maître d' at a 19 th-century bordello.

He's receiving greetings from celebrity couple Ellen DeGeneres and Anne Heche,
who'd come out as gay the week before and, in the first flush of romance, can't
keep their hands off each other even with President Happy Pants trying to get a
piece of the action. For a man motivated only by a hateful need to harm gays,
he's doing a grand job of covering it up, looking like the guy who decided to
splash out for the two-girl special on the last night of the sales convention.

Nevertheless, reacting to the Supreme Court's decision, Clinton professed
himself delighted to have been struck down as a homophobe.

In his dissent, Justice Antonin Scalia wrote that "to defend traditional
marriage is not to condemn, demean or humiliate those who would prefer other
arrangements, any more than to defend the Constitution of the United States is
to condemn, demean or humiliate other constitutions." Indeed.

With this judgment, America's constitutional court demeans and humiliates only
its own. Of all the local variations through which same-sex marriage has been
legalized in the last decade, mostly legislative (France, Iceland) but
occasionally judicial (Canada, South Africa), the U.S. is unique in its
inability to jump on the western world's bandwagon du jour without first
declaring its current vice president, president pro tem of the Senate, majority
leader, chairman of the Senate Rules Committee, and prospective first First
Gentleman raging gay-bashers. As the Paula Deens of orientation, maybe they
should all be canceled.

There is something deeply weird, not to say grubby and dishonest, about this. In
its imputation of motive to those who disagree with it, this opinion is more
disreputable than Roe v. Wade -- and with potentially unbounded application.

To return to the immigration bill, and all its assurances that those amnestied
will "go to the end of the line" and have to wait longer for full-blown green
cards and longer still for citizenship, do you seriously think any of that hooey
will survive its first encounter with a federal judge?

In much of the Southwest, you'd have jurisdictions with a majority of Hispanic
residents living under an elderly, disproportionately white voting roll. You can
cut-and-paste Kennedy's guff about "improper animus" toward "a group of people"
straight into the first immigration appeal, and a thousand more. And that's
supposing the administrative agencies pay any attention to the "safeguards" in
the first place.

As I say, just another day in the life of the republic: a corrupt bureaucracy
dispensing federal gravy to favored clients; a pseudo-legislature passing bills
unread by the people's representatives and uncomprehended by the men who claim
to have written them; and a co-regency of jurists torturing an 18 th-century
document in order to justify what other countries are at least honest enough to
recognize as an unprecedented novelty.

Whether or not, per Scalia, we should "condemn" the United States Constitution,
it might be time to put the poor wee thing out of its misery.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              113 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                            July 30, 2014 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Abbott: Traditional marriage best for state

BYLINE: Chuck Lindell American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 969 words


Back in court to defend Texas' ban on gay marriage, state Attorney General Greg
Abbott is arguing that the restriction is designed to promote responsible
procreation, not to demean same-sex couples - an argument that has already been
rejected by two federal appeals courts.

Nonetheless, Abbott relies heavily on the argument as Texas prepares to defend
the ban at the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, which is populated by judges
who are considered to be far more conservative than most other federal appeals
courts.

"By recognizing and encouraging the lifelong commitment between a man and woman
- even when they do not produce offspring - the state encourages others who will
procreate to enter into the marriage relationship," Abbott argued in the state's
first brief, filed late Monday at the New Orleans-based court.

Texas has a valid interest in promoting opposite-sex marriages that increase
"the likelihood that children will be born into stable environments where they
are raised by their mother and their father," said Abbott, the Republican
candidate for governor.

Such family structures are good for the children's well-being and good for the
state because they increase the likelihood that parents, not society, "will bear
the cost of raising these children," the brief said.

Neel Lane, a lawyer for two same-sex couples who have challenged the marriage
ban, said that argument carries no legal weight.

"The myth that the restrictions on same-sex marriage, which were passed fairly
recently, are to promote responsible procreation and child rearing is just a
fantasy. That's not true. It was passed to get political power and votes by
demonizing a discrete minority of citizens," Lane said Tuesday.

"If you think marriage is good for children, why would you deny it for same-sex
couples who have children?" he said. "This is just a repetition of the same
arguments that have lost before every federal court that has considered the
issue since (last summer)."

The legal landscape for marriage has changed since February, when U.S. District
Judge Orlando Garcia ruled that the Texas ban on same-sex marriage is
unconstitutional because it relegates gay couples to "second-tier status" and
demeans their dignity for no legitimate reason.

Garcia, who also tossed out Texas' ban on recognizing same-sex marriages legally
performed in other states, had been the fourth federal judge to make a similar
ruling since late 2013, following jurists in Utah, Oklahoma and Virginia.

Federal judges have since made similar rulings in 10 other states, while state
courts have invalidated same-sex marriage prohibitions in a half-dozen others.

While the Texas appeal continues, Garcia has allowed Texas to enforce its
same-sex marriage ban, which was enacted by the Legislature in 2003 and passed
as an amendment to the Texas Constitution by 76 percent of voters in 2005.

Abbott's appeals court brief argued that states, not unelected federal judges,
should decide the question on same-sex marriage.

"Ending the vigorous civic debate on same-sex marriage by forcing all 50 states
into a court-ordered, one-size-fits-all solution is not the resolution our
Constitution envisions," said the brief, which was signed by Solicitor General
Jonathan Mitchell, Abbott's top appellate lawyer.

"This case is not about whether Texas should recognize same-sex marriage. It is
about the question of who decides," the brief said. "Nationwide resolution of
the same-sex marriage question, if and when it takes place, should reflect the
hearts and minds of the people of the several states, not the will of the
federal courts."

The state's brief also argued that Garcia erred when he found that marriage was
a fundamental right for same-sex couples. The U.S. Supreme Court has forbidden
recognizing such rights unless they are deeply rooted in the nation's history
and tradition - and same-sex marriage is not, Abbott said.

"Quite the opposite: the view of marriage deeply rooted in our history and
tradition is that marriage can exist only between one man and one woman," he
said.

Contact Chuck Lindell

at 512-912-2569.

Twitter: @chucklindell

What's next for the Texas case
  The Texas lawsuit was filed by two same-sex couples, including Nicole
Dimetman and Cleopatra De Leon of Austin, who were married in Boston in 2009
and have a young son.
  After a U.S. district judge ruled in their favor in February, Texas appealed
to the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, which has moved at a slower pace than
 other appeals courts, denying the couples' request to expedite the case and
twice extending the deadline for Abbott's initial brief.
  The couples' brief is due in 30 days, and Abbott will have two additional
weeks to file a reply. The court will decide whether to schedule oral
arguments.
  The three-judge panel that will hear the appeal hasn't yet been revealed. Of
the 5th Circuit Court's 15 active judges, 10 were appointed by Republican
presidents, five by Democrats. Of eight semi-retired judges, five were named by
 Republicans, three by Democrats.


Legal challenges in other states
  *  Federal judges in 14 states, including Texas, have struck down bans on
same-sex marriage.
  *  Two federal appeals courts have upheld decisions tossing out the
gay-marriage bans, the most recent coming Monday when the 4th U.S. Circuit
Court of Appeals determined that Virginia's ban prohibited same-sex couples
"from participating fully in our society." The 10th U.S. Circuit Court of
Appeals had made similar rulings for Utah and Oklahoma.
  *  Utah will appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court, while Oklahoma and
gay-marriage opponents in Virginia are weighing their options.
  *  Two other circuit courts - the 6th and 7th - will hear arguments next
month on decisions that tossed out same-sex marriage bans in Kentucky,
Michigan, Ohio, Tennessee, Indiana and Wisconsin.


LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              114 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             April 20, 2009 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

LETTERS

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 647 words


LETTER OF THE DAY

'Never give in'

Thank you Tribune for your never ending fight for such worthy causes as Florida
Forever (Our Opinion, April 16).

As Winston Churchill so well said in the dark days of October, 1941, "Never give
in, never give in, never, never, never, never - in nothing great or small?" As
long as there are politicians politicking, developers developing and lawyers
eager to assist these evil doers in their never-ending attempts to destroy our
environment for their personal greed, taking advantage of any current situation
to help their cause, they will continue as they have through history in good
times and bad.

We depend on newspapers such as the Tribune to not let them get away with their
nefarious activity.

Never give in.

TOM LENFESTY SR.

Tampa

Ranks First Family

I have upgraded President Obama's rating from poor to fair because of the way he
handled the pirate situation.

Michelle gets an OK rating. His daughters get a beautiful and innocent rating,
and Bo, the dog, a fun rating.

I can't help but think had President Bush handled the pirate situation the exact
same way, the headline would have read "War-mongering cowboy murders three black
teenagers."

VONNIE DE RICO

Sun City Center

Debate-worthy letter

Yesterday, I told a sweet young lady at the St. Pete Times that I wasn't going
to renew my subscription. The news seemed to break her heart, but I had to do
it. It just wasn't worth the energy it took to carry the paper from the front
yard to the recycle bin.

I don't know who at the St. Pete Times decides which letters to print, but their
letters are always boring. St. Pete people are pretty exciting. It's hard to
believe that only boring people write to St. Pete's local newspaper.

Now, Trib letters like Daniel P. Quinn's "American pirates" (Letters, April 16)
get my attention. Thank you for having the guts to print letters that create
debate.

DEBBIE MOORE

Plant City

Demeans military

For the sake of context, I spent the majority of my adult life serving in the
U.S. military so people like Daniel P. Quinn can say what they want.

For him to call the 4,000 war dead in Iraq "pirates" is an affront to the
hundreds of thousands who have died to protect his right to free speech. His
comments are not only insulting, but also misinformed and blatantly wrong. The
men and women of the armed forces serve to carry out our nation's policies and
not some private agenda.

You can criticize the policy, but please do not demean the brave men and women
who serve and sacrifice for our nation.

I can only hope he represents a small (and sadly misinformed) group and not a
large one. The next time he writes a letter, goes to vote, protests or whatever,
he should first thank a veteran!

LYLE JAEGER

Riverview

Spouting nonsense

As outrageously insulting as Daniel P. Quinn's denigration of "4,000 American
pirates" killed in Iraq was to those who have put it all on the line for their
country, I fully support his right to spout such nonsense.

However, Quinn would do well to remember that ultimately, those 4,000 and
thousands more have sacrificed all to give him that right. On the other hand, it
is my right to state my opinion that he is undeserving of their sacrifice.

As John Stuart Mill put it, he is one of those "miserable creatures" that have
"no chance of being free unless made and kept so by the exertions of better men
than himself."

CHRIS TYLER

Odessa

JOIN THE DEBATE

The Tribune welcomes letters and e-mails from readers. Text should be original
and no longer than 150 words. By making a submission you agree the Tribune may
edit the letter for length and clarity and publish it in any medium. Please
include your name, address and daytime telephone number. Mail to P.O. Box 191,
Tampa, 33601-0191 or e-mail without attachments to tribletters@tampatrib.com

Copyright © 2009, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2009 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              115 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Chapel Hill Herald (Durham, NC)

                              July 16, 2004 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Polling technique demeans election

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 380  words


Whatever you call it -- negative push poll or innocuous research technique --
what the State Employees Association of North Carolina is doing is sleazy. It
demeans our electoral system, lowers the level of public debate and insults the
voters themselves.

SEANC leaders have commissioned polls in five legislative races across the
state. Those five races include the hotly contested one for House District 50,
which takes in northern Orange County and all of Caswell County. Since it's a
new seat, the four candidates, including apparent front-runners Bill Faison and
Barry Jacobs, are understandably trying to carve out any advantage they can
find, any edge that will set them apart.

As it has done elsewhere in the state, SEANC is clearly hoping to provide that
edge.

The association, which has endorsed Jacobs, commissioned a poll of 300 Democrats
and unaffiliated voters that asked, among other questions, what the respondents
thought of two statements critical of Faison. The Washington, D.C.-based polling
firm wanted to know from voters how persuasive the statements were in convincing
them not to vote for Faison.

One of the statements read to voters pointed out that Faison is a wealthy trial
attorney who has profited at the expense of doctors. Another notes that he isn't
the rural farmer he portrays himself as, and instead is an attorney living in a
large home.

SEANC denies that what it's doing is conducting a push poll, a technique that
masquerades as an unbiased public opinion survey but that is really designed to
smear a candidate's reputation. That would be unethical, a SEANC leader primly
says; what it's doing is just determining what are the best messages to use in
campaign materials supporting their candidate.

It's convoluted, unconvincing logic. What's sleazy in a telephone call is
equally sleazy in campaign materials.

SEANC can support any of its candidates by noting what they stand for, what
their opinions on the issues are, what their experiences have been.

It does not need to push up its choice by pushing down someone else. Jacobs
doesn't need help like that; Faison doesn't deserve treatment like that.

Negative campaigning, of any sort, should have no place in local political
races. It's very unfortunate that SEANC has introduced it here and elsewhere.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 The Durham Herald Co.


                              116 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                          November 18, 2009 Wednesday

Iran: Israel lobby routs Obama as dollar dies

LENGTH: 758  words

DATELINE: Pakistan


Pakistan, Nov. 18 -- It did not take the Israel Lobby long to make mincemeat out
of the Obama administration's "no new settlements" position. Israeli Prime
Minister Netanyahu is bragging about Israel's latest victory over the U.S.
government as Israel continues to build illegal settlements on occupied
Palestinian land.In May President Obama read the Israelis the riot act, telling
the Israeli government that he was serious about ending the Israeli conflict
with the Palestinians and that a lasting peace agreement required the Israeli
government to abandon all construction of new settlements in the occupied West
Bank.On November 10 Obama's White House chief of staff, Rahm Israel Emanuel,
surrendered for his boss at the annual conference of the United Jewish
Communities.

The ongoing Israeli settlements, he said, should not be a "distraction" to a
peace agreement.Allegedly, the U.S. is a superpower and Israel is a client
entity whose very existence depends entirely on U.S. military and economic aid
and diplomatic protection. Yet, in the real world it works the other way. Israel
is the superpower and the U.S. is its client state.This true fact is proved to
U.S. at least once every week and sometimes two or three times in one week. A
few days, ago the U.S. House of Representatives voted 344 to 36 in favor of
disavowing the UN report by the distinguished Jewish judge Richard Goldstone
that found that Israel had committed war crimes in its attack on the civilian
population in the Gaza Ghetto. The Israel Lobby demanded that the House
repudiate the fact-filled report, and the servile House did as its master
ordered.US Rep. Dennis Kucinich spoke to his colleagues for 2 minutes in an
effort to make them see that their vote against the Goldstone report would be a
great embarrassment to the U.S. government and demean the House in the eyes of
the world.But none of that matters when Israel gives its servants an order.

The U.S. House of Representatives preferred to demean itself and to embarrass
the U.S. Government rather than to cross the Israel Lobby.Retribution quickly
fell upon Kucinich for his 2 minute speech. On November 9, Kucinich was forced
to withdraw as the keynote speaker for the Palm Beach County (Florida)
Democratic Party's annual fundraising dinner. The Israel Lobby gave the
order-dump Kucinich or there's no money and no one is coming to the dinner.
County Commissioner Burt Aaronson called Kucinich "an absolute horror."Kucinich
is the rare Democrat who stands up for his party's principles, the working
class, and tried to get health care for those Americans the corporations have
thrown out on the street. But helping Americans doesn't count. Israel uber
alles.Meanwhile, the U.S. dollar continues to decline relative to other traded
currencies. Since spring, anyone could have made a double-digit rate of return
betting on most any currency against the U.S. dollar.

The International Monetary Fund (IMF) recently expressed concern that despite
the dollar's continuing slide, it might still be over-valued. The Federal
Reserve's low interest rate policy encourages speculators to use the dollar for
the "carry trade." Speculators, whether individuals or financial institutions
borrow dollars at rock bottom interest rates and use the almost free capital to
purchase higher yielding instruments in other countries. The demand for dollars
to finance the "carry trade" keeps the dollar higher than it would otherwise
be.Last year it was the Japanese Yen that was used for the "carry trade" due to
the practically zero Japanese interest rates. The next scare that unwinds the
"carry trade" will cause another big drop in financial asset values. This means
that the stock market is very volatile. It is based on speculation, not on
fundamentals.When the "carry trade" next unwinds, the demand for U.S. dollars to
pay off the loans will temporarily boost the dollar. But don't be fooled. The
large U.S. trade and budget deficits are the dollar's death warrant.When the
dollar finally goes, so will the government's ability to conduct wars of
aggression, underwrite Israel, finance its red ink and pay for imports. That's
when the printing press will really get going.Paul Craig Roberts
(paulcraigroberts@yahoo.com) was Assistant Secretary of the Treasury during
President Reagan's first term. He was Associate Editor of the Wall Street
Journal. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For
more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              117 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Marin Independent Journal (Marin, CA)

                              June 27, 2003 Friday

Supreme Court rejects state law barring gay sex

SECTION: NATION/WORLD

LENGTH: 802 words


http://media.mnginteractive.com

Members of the Alexander Hamilton Post of the Veterans of Foreign Wars, a gay
veterans association, sing the Star Spangled Banner as the U.S. flag is raised
in San Francisco's Castro District yesterday following the ruling on a Texas
sodomy law. AP photo New York Times

WASHINGTON - The Supreme Court issued a sweeping declaration of constitutional
liberty for gay men and lesbians yesterday, overruling a Texas sodomy law in the
broadest possible terms and effectively apologizing for a contrary 1986 decision
that the majority said "demeans the lives of homosexual persons." The vote was
6-3.

Gay people are "entitled to respect for their private lives," Justice Anthony M.
Kennedy said for the court. "The state cannot demean their existence or control
their destiny by making their private sexual conduct a crime."

Kennedy said "adults may choose to enter upon this relationship in the confines
of their homes and their own private lives and still retain their dignity as
free persons."

While the result had been widely anticipated since the court agreed in December
to hear an appeal brought by two Houston men who were prosecuted for having sex
in their home, few people on either side of the case expected a decision of such
scope from a court that only 17 years ago, in Bowers v. Hardwick, had dismissed
the same constitutional argument as "facetious." The court overturned that
precedent yesterday.

In a scathing dissent, Justice Antonin Scalia accused the court of having "taken
sides in the culture war" and having "largely signed on to the so-called
homosexual agenda." He said that the decision "effectively decrees the end of
all morals legislation" and made same-sex marriage, which the majority opinion
did not discuss, a logical if not inevitable next step. Chief Justice William H.
Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas signed Scalia's dissent.

While some gay rights lawyers said there were still legal obstacles to
establishing a right either to gay marriage or to military service by gay
soldiers, there was no doubt that the decision had profound legal and political
implications. A conservative Supreme Court has now identified the gay-rights
cause as a central concern of American citizenship.

Ruth Harlow, the legal director of the Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund
and lead counsel for the two men, John G. Lawrence and Tyron Garner, called the
decision "historic and transformative."

The vote to overturn Bowers v. Hardwick was 5-4, with Kennedy joined by Justices
John Paul Stevens, David H. Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Steph-en G. Breyer.

"Bowers was not correct when it was decided, and it is not correct today,"
Kennedy said. "Its continuance as precedent demeans the lives of homosexual
persons."

Justice Sandra Day O'Connor, who was part of the 5-4 majority in Bowers vs.
Hardwick, did not join Kennedy in overruling it. But she provided the sixth vote
for overturning the Texas sodomy law in a forcefully written separate opinion
that attacked the law on equal protection grounds because it made "deviate
sexual intercourse" - oral or anal sex - a crime only between same-sex couples
and not for heterosexuals.

"A law branding one class of persons as criminal solely based on the state's
moral disapproval of that class and the conduct association with that class runs
contrary to the values of the Constitution and the Equal Protection Clause,"
O'Connor said.

Texas was one of only four states - Kansas, Oklahoma and Missouri are the others
- to apply a criminal sod-omy law exclusively to same-sex partners. An
additional nine states - Alabama, Florida, Idaho, Louisiana, Mississippi, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Utah and Virginia - have criminal sodomy laws on their
books that in theory, if not in practice, apply to opposite-sex couples as well.
As a result of the majority's broad declaration yesterday that the government
cannot make this kind of private sexual choice a crime, all those laws are now
invalid.

Twenty-five states had such laws at the time the court decided Bowers vs.
Hardwick. The Georgia sodomy law the court upheld in that case was overturned by
a state court ruling in 1998. Some of the other state laws have been repealed,
and others invalidated by state courts.

In the Texas case, Law-rence and Garner were discovered by the Houston police
while having sex in Lawrence's apartment. The police entered through an unlocked
door after receiving a report from a neighbor of a "weapons disturbance" in the
apartment. The neighbor was later convicted of filing a false report.

The men were held in jail overnight. They later pleaded no contest, preserving
their right to appeal and were each fined $200. The Texas state courts rejected
their constitutional challenge to the law.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

    Copyright 2003 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication


                              118 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            November 13, 2006 Monday
                                  Main Edition

READERS WRITE

BYLINE: BILL MCNEW, JOAN B. NUNNELLY, GEOFF RESNIK, GYAN CHANDRA, CYNTHIA PARKS,
KORI NEVILLE, KIMBERLEIGH BUCHANAN, JAMES MICHAEL TORCIVIA, GARY KOLAR; For the
Journal-Constitution

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 1195 words


Incendiary ad: Responses to ''Ad was factually correct, wasn't a race-based
appeal,'' Equal Time, Nov. 10

Lewis' column only digs a deeper hole

U.S. Rep. John Lewis' (D-Ga.) self-serving response to the criticism of an ad
that attacked Republican candidates for the Fulton County Commission further
compounds his egregious participation in such a despicable campaign stunt. I
doubt that any member of the Fulton commission can have a great deal of
influence over the dismantling of the Great Society and the New Deal.

Lewis, Atlanta Mayor Shirley Franklin and former U.N. Ambassador Andrew Young
are held in high esteem by the majority of both black and white races, and for
them to be involved in anything this low only diminishes their hard-earned
reputations.

Shame on you, Mr. Lewis, for the first act. Shame, shame for not being man
enough to admit an obvious mistake.

BILL McNEW, Fayetteville

Representative's actions demean his legacy

Shame on John Lewis for the scurrilous remarks he made in the ad for John Eaves
and for his defense of the same in his Equal Time column.

Lewis says the ad "makes no mention of race," but when he says in the ad, "We
face the most dangerous situation we ever have," there is no misunderstanding of
who the "we" is.

Lewis implies that Lee Morris is a neoconservative; not true. Furthermore,
Lewis' contention that "the vote controls everything a person does" continues
the culture-of-victimization idea that people have no autonomy and belies his
own record of service to civil rights.

I can admire my representative for much that he has done in the past, but that
ad and his defense of it demean his legacy. How disappointing.

JOAN B. NUNNELLY, East Point

Facts don't support outlandish claims

With all due respect, Congressman John Lewis, you have become like the aging
athlete whose time has long since passed and he doesn't know when to retire. For
you to claim that your radio ad for Democrat John Eaves was factually correct is
an insult to anyone with a brain.

You attempt to back up your line "Your very life may depend upon it" by
reminding us of what happened to poor blacks in New Orleans during Hurricane
Katrina. Based on that reasoning, we should all vote for Republicans, since the
state and local governments in Louisiana are all held by Democrats. The ad in
which you spoke was for a local government election, so by all accounts we
should have voted for the Republican.

Sir, you did great things during the civil rights movement, but now you are
starting to take your cause back 40 years. I am insulted by your demeaning of my
party and your unwillingness to apologize. You talk of unity, and yet all you do
is preach hate.

GEOFF RESNIK, Acworth

Rumsfeld, FEMA ex-chief have common trait: Failure

It took 30 lost Republican seats in Congress and not 3,000 dead soldiers to
finally make President Bush realize that Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld
was not doing a "fantastic" job.

Lone soldiers fighting a war in Iraq had as much of a chance of succeeding under
Rumsfeld as Hurricane Katrina victims had of escaping the floodwaters in New
Orleans. No surprise, then, that Rumsfeld and the Federal Emergency Management
Agency's ex-chief Michael Brown have two things in common: Both had their boss's
irrational confidence and both ended up destroying the essence of what they were
sworn to protect --- one a city and the other a nation.

GYAN CHANDRA, Atlanta

Cooking hosts deal with real world

I enjoyed Karen Heller's slightly bitter (tumeric or star anise?) critique of
cooking show hosts Rachael Ray, Sandra Lee and Paula Deen ("Food show hosts'
shtick hard to digest," @issue, Nov. 9). It was "dee-lish," as Rachel would say,
to see anything besides politics discussed in the opinion section.

Heller, however, misses the big point. Ray, Lee and Deen don't purport to be
haute cuisine chefs. These are family cooks, preparing home meals in the real
world on real budgets. They are accessible, their advice is practical, and they
inject a little glamour and humor into the duty, and sometimes drudgery, of
feeding our families. If that's "dumbed down," then call me a dummy.

Most of us don't have infinite time, an unlimited budget, a state-of-the-art
kitchen or kids who will eat something containing more than two ingredients.
Give us a break, Heller. We don't all aspire to sous-chefdom.

CYNTHIA PARKS, Marietta

Short-term gain not worth longer environmental pain

The editorial on the LS Power facility proposed in Early County brings to light
a constant dilemma in strategic planning --- immediate benefit vs. long-term
negative impact ("Early coal plant not worth trade-off," Editorial, Nov. 9).

This question, in different forms, is raised every day, and it seems that most
of the time people choose the immediate benefit and let others worry about the
long-term impact of their actions.

Well, these shortsighted choices have caught up with us. Our air is getting
dirtier, our water is being consumed at an all-time high and it holds more
mercury than at any other point in history, and our actions have affected the
global climate.

It is time for our local governments to protect Georgia. Challenge the energy
industry to provide clean sources of renewable energy and stop polluting our
environment.

KORI NEVILLE, Smyrna

Megaministers: Responses to ''Piety, not power, what counts ,'' @issue, Nov. 10

Even a fallen pastor needs to hear news about God's love

"Shut up and preach?" A colleague [the Rev. Ted Haggard] has lost his ministry,
a church is devastated, and all a fellow pastor can say is "shut up and preach"?

As a Christian pastor, here is what I preach. I preach the good news that God's
love is for everyone. In our church --- and I believe in God's heart ---
"everyone" includes people who are gay and lesbian.

What might Ted Haggard's life look like now had the pastors of his youth
preached about God's love for all people, including homosexuals like him? Had he
learned to love himself as God loves him, perhaps he would not have felt the
need to sneak around with a prostitute. Perhaps he would not have felt compelled
to lie. Perhaps this gifted pastor might also have the freedom this Sunday to
"shut up and preach."

The Rev. KIMBERLEIGH BUCHANAN

Buchanan, who lives in Woodstock, is pastor at Pilgrimage United Church of
Christ in Marietta

Tending to the flock takes priority

Jim Street's "Piety, not power" said what had to be said. For too long, the
intrusive grandstanding of evangelical megapreachers has gone unchallenged and
untempered. I regret, however, that in the end he stepped on his own point.
Rather than calling for our spiritual guides to "shut up and preach," he might
better have called upon them to "shut up and minister."

JAMES MICHAEL TORCIVIA, Sandy Springs

'Do your job' is good advice

Never in my 60 years of living did I ever think I would agree with a Christian
minister about anything, but I have to reverse that after reading the Rev. Jim
Street's "do your job" piece. I really don't care what ministers do, but
Street's advice applies to nearly everyone, especially police officers, teachers
and others in the public spotlight. Do your job, and the world will be a better
place.

GARY KOLAR, Atlanta

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Knight Ridder TribuneRachael Ray's popularity now extends beyond
the Food Network to a syndicated talk show.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letters

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              119 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                           November 2, 2006 Thursday
                                  ROP Edition

Attack on Delahunt demeans Coast Guard

BYLINE:

BOB SHERIDAN

SECTION: Editorial; pg. ONE6

LENGTH: 126 words


I find it offensive that someone would question Congressman Bill Delahunt's
veteran status after he dutifully served as a member of the Coast Guard Reserve
from 1963-1971. Making such a claim demeans the importance of the Coast Guard
and the thousands of lives they have saved at sea.

Disregarding the Coast Guard in the post-9/11 era is particularly disturbing.
I'm sure that the residents along our very own Boston Harbor would agree that
the Coast Guard's contributions are an essential part of our national safety as
vital and volatile commodities such as liquefied natural gas routinely arrive at
our ports without incident.

Moreover, the importance and patriotism of our reserve units have been
underscored in the ongoing global conflicts.

Hingham

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Patriot Ledger


                              120 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                              July 1, 2013 Monday
                                  EIBD EDITION

Just Another Wacky Week In Post-Constitutional U.S. IRS Implosion Sets Stage For
ObamaCare Options

BYLINE: MARK STEYN ** Uhler** Ferrara

SECTION: A; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 2542 words


Wednesday, June 26, 2013 -- just another day in a constitutional republic of
limited government by citizen representatives:

First thing in the morning, Gregory Roseman, deputy director of acquisitions
(whatever that means), became the second IRS official to take the Fifth
Amendment, after he was questioned about awarding the largest contract in IRS
history, totaling some half-a-billion dollars, to his close friend Braulio
Castillo, who qualified under a federal "set-aside" program favoring
disadvantaged groups -- in this case, disabled veterans.

For the purposes of federal contracting, Mr. Castillo is a "disabled veteran"
because he twisted his ankle during a football game at the U.S. Military Academy
prep school 27 years ago. How he overcame this crippling disability to win a
half-billion-dollar IRS contract is the heartwarming stuff of an inspiring
Lifetime TV movie.

Later in the day, Sen. John Hoeven, Republican of North Dakota and alleged
author of the Corker-Hoeven Amendment to the immigration bill, went on Hugh
Hewitt's radio show and, in a remarkable interview, revealed to the world that
he had absolutely no idea what was in the legislation he "wrote."

Rachel Jeantel, the endearingly disastrous star witness at the George Zimmerman
trial, excused her inability to comprehend the letter she'd supposedly written
to Trayvon Martin's parents on the grounds that "I don't read cursive." Sen.
Hoeven doesn't read legislative. For example, Section 5(b)(1):

"Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the
Secretary shall establish a strategy, to be known as the "Southern Border
Fencing Strategy' . . . ."

On the other hand, Section 5(b)(5):

"Notwithstanding paragraph (1), nothing in this subsection shall require the
Secretary to install fencing . . . ."

Asked to reconcile these two paragraphs, Hoeven explained that, "when I read
through that with my lawyer," the guy said relax, don't worry about it. (I
paraphrase, but barely.)

So Hoeven and 67 other senators went ahead the following day and approved the
usual bazillion-page we-have-to-pass-it-to-find-out-what's-in-it omnibus bill,
cooked up in the backrooms, released late on a Friday afternoon and passed in
nothing flat after Sen. Harry Reid decreed there's no need for further debate --
not that anything recognizable to any genuine legislature as "debate" ever
occurs in "the world's greatest deliberative body."

Say what you like about George III, but the Tea Act was about tea. The so-called
"comprehensive immigration reform" is so comprehensive it includes special deals
for Nevada casinos and the recategorization of the Alaskan fish processing
industry as a "cultural exchange" program, because the more leaping salmon we
have the harder it is for Mexicans to get across the Bering Strait.

While we're bringing millions of Undocumented-Americans "out of the shadows,"
why don't we try bringing Washington's decadent and diseased law-making out of
the shadows?

Just when you thought the day couldn't get any more momentous, the Supreme Court
weighed in on same-sex marriage. When less-advanced societies wish to introduce
gay marriage, the people's elected representatives assemble in parliament and
pass a law. That's how they did it in the Netherlands, Belgium, Spain, Norway,
Sweden, Portugal, etc.

But one shudders to contemplate what would result were the legislative class to
attempt "comprehensive marriage reform," complete with tax breaks for Maine
lobstermen's au pairs and the hiring of 20,000 new IRS agents to verify business
expenses for page boys from disparate-impact groups.

So instead it fell to five out of nine judges, which means it fell to Anthony
Kennedy, because he's the guy who swings both ways. Thus, Supreme Intergalactic
Emperor Anthony gets to decide the issue for 300 million people.

As Spider-Man's Uncle Ben so famously says in every remake, with great power
comes great responsibility. Having assumed the power to redefine a societal
institution that predates the U.S. by thousands of years, Emperor Tony the
All-Wise had the responsibility at least to work up the semblance of a legal
argument.

Instead, he struck down the Defense of Marriage Act on the grounds that those
responsible for it were motivated by an "improper animus" against a "politically
unpopular group" they wished to "disparage," "demean" and "humiliate" as
"unworthy."

What stump-toothed knuckle-dragging inbred swamp-dwellers from which hellish
Bible Belt redoubt would do such a thing? Well, fortunately, we have their names
on the record: The DOMA legislators who were driven by their need to "harm" gay
people include notorious homophobe Democrats Chuck Schumer, Pat Leahy, Harry
Reid, Joe Biden and the virulent anti-gay hater who signed it into law, Bill
Clinton.

It's good to have President Clinton's animus against gays finally exposed by
Kennedy. There's a famous photograph of him taken round the time he signed DOMA,
at a big fundraiser wearing that black tie and wing-collar combo that always
made him look like the maître d' at a 19 th-century bordello.

He's receiving greetings from celebrity couple Ellen DeGeneres and Anne Heche,
who'd come out as gay the week before and, in the first flush of romance, can't
keep their hands off each other even with President Happy Pants trying to get a
piece of the action. For a man motivated only by a hateful need to harm gays,
he's doing a grand job of covering it up, looking like the guy who decided to
splash out for the two-girl special on the last night of the sales convention.

Nevertheless, reacting to the Supreme Court's decision, Clinton professed
himself delighted to have been struck down as a homophobe.

In his dissent, Justice Antonin Scalia wrote that "to defend traditional
marriage is not to condemn, demean or humiliate those who would prefer other
arrangements, any more than to defend the Constitution of the United States is
to condemn, demean or humiliate other constitutions." Indeed.

With this judgment, America's constitutional court demeans and humiliates only
its own. Of all the local variations through which same-sex marriage has been
legalized in the last decade, mostly legislative (France, Iceland) but
occasionally judicial (Canada, South Africa), the U.S. is unique in its
inability to jump on the western world's bandwagon du jour without first
declaring its current vice president, president pro tem of the Senate, majority
leader, chairman of the Senate Rules Committee, and prospective first First
Gentleman raging gay-bashers. As the Paula Deens of orientation, maybe they
should all be canceled.

There is something deeply weird, not to say grubby and dishonest, about this. In
its imputation of motive to those who disagree with it, this opinion is more
disreputable than Roe v. Wade -- and with potentially unbounded application.

To return to the immigration bill, and all its assurances that those amnestied
will "go to the end of the line" and have to wait longer for full-blown green
cards and longer still for citizenship, do you seriously think any of that hooey
will survive its first encounter with a federal judge?

In much of the Southwest, you'd have jurisdictions with a majority of Hispanic
residents living under an elderly, disproportionately white voting roll. You can
cut-and-paste Kennedy's guff about "improper animus" toward "a group of people"
straight into the first immigration appeal, and a thousand more. And that's
supposing the administrative agencies pay any attention to the "safeguards" in
the first place.

As I say, just another day in the life of the republic: a corrupt bureaucracy
dispensing federal gravy to favored clients; a pseudo-legislature passing bills
unread by the people's representatives and uncomprehended by the men who claim
to have written them; and a co-regency of jurists torturing an 18 th-century
document in order to justify what other countries are at least honest enough to
recognize as an unprecedented novelty.

Whether or not, per Scalia, we should "condemn" the United States Constitution,
it might be time to put the poor wee thing out of its misery.

The sudden one-year delay in Obama-Care's employer mandate is an admission by
the Obama administration that its flagship domestic policy initiative will not
be functional even by 2014, despite four years of lead time from passage of the
legislation.

Nor will the health care exchanges be ready in most of the country, so the
individual mandate should be delayed as well. Ditto that for the taxes to fund
ObamaCare.

The IRS scandal has created a further chokepoint to force the reconsideration of
Obama-Care. If House Republicans stand firm and refuse to fund any expansion of
the IRS to administer ObamaCare, the public will support them in any
confrontation with Obama.

Thousands of new IRS agents and employees costing billions will be needed to
determine and verify eligibility for the ObamaCare tax credits for the purchase
of health insurance. They are also needed to enforce the employer mandate, if it
ever becomes effective, requiring employers of more than 50 full-time workers to
buy certain health insurance for their workers.

They will also enforce the individual mandate requiring every individual without
employer insurance to purchase the health insurance mandated by the federal
government. This includes verifying that the insurance purchased by employers
and individuals meets federal requirements, including designated benefits.

Without those new IRS resources Obama-Care will cause even more chaos, which we
predict will include increasing the number of uninsured, rather than achieving
universal coverage.

That's because both employers and individuals will scramble to avoid the
mandate, and many, especially healthy younger adults, will rely on the
regulations requiring insurers to sell to them no matter how sick they become,
at the same price as for those not sick.

The chaos will also include the soaring health insurance premiums we are already
seeing because of the guaranteed issue and community rating regulations and all
the additional required "free" benefits. That will further increase the number
of uninsured.

Lower Incomes, Higher Unemployment

ObamaCare -- and the uncertainty that surrounds it -- will exacerbate declining
real incomes and persistent high unemployment among middle-class working people
as employers reduce millions to part-time employment, and restrict employment
altogether, to evade ObamaCare.

This is part of the reason for the delay in the employer mandate, but a one-year
delay is not a fix. Rising health insurance premiums are another form of
"taxation," burdening further an economy still in recession.

The ObamaCare chaos will further restrict access to health care in the form of
$716 billion in Medicare cuts, and the limits on health care access contained in
health insurance offered on the ObamaCare exchanges (attempting to keep costs
down).

Such chaos will increasingly force congressional Democrats to consider
alternatives to ObamaCare. House Republicans should take advantage of that by
targeting some of the most politically vulnerable components of ObamaCare,
namely:

VPassing a bill prohibiting ObamaCare from denying health care to anyone based
on age.

VRepealing the Medicare cuts contained in ObamaCare. Medicare's chief actuary
says those cuts will cause chaos as a result of closed hospitals and other
facilities and denials of health care for seniors.

VRepealing the ObamaCare Independent Payment Advisory Board (IPAB), which has
the authority to adopt further cuts to Medicare without congressional approval.

VAlso voting to repeal the unpopular Obama-Care medical device tax and the
counterproductive $100 billion a year tax on health insurance (which would also
increase the uninsured).

VRepealing as well the ObamaCare slush fund that smuggles billions of taxpayer
dollars to left-wing, "progressive," Obama political activists ostensibly to
help explain how to navigate ObamaCare, but actually to help further build a
national political machine, effectively taking the Chicago political machine
national.

VVoting to give Obama his one-year delay in the employer mandate, along with a
one-year delay in the individual mandate, and the rest of the ObamaCare taxes.
Or maybe they should just vote to delay the whole thing to 2017, after the next
presidential election.

These actions are not intended to "fix" Obama-Care, which is not fixable, but
only to further highlight what is wrong with it and challenge Democrats to
abandon it. These actions will build the momentum for what ultimately needs to
be done: House approval of a full Republican alternative to ObamaCare.

Such an alternative should draw upon the proposal from NCPA President John
Goodman, president of the National Center for Policy Analysis (John Goodman and
Peter Ferrara, "Health Care for All Without the Affordable Care Act," NCPA Issue
Brief No. 116, October 17, 2012), which assures universal health care, with no
individual mandate, and no employer mandate, at a savings of $2 trillion over
current law.

All-Inclusive Safety Net

The proposal offers a safety-net approach for essential health care, catching
all those in need. That safety net includes sending the federal financing for
Medicaid back to the states through fixed, finite block grants, along with
complete authority to use that money for essential health coverage for the poor.
That approach worked spectacularly in the 1996 welfare reforms of the old Aid to
Families with Dependent Children (AFDC) program.

For the uninsured who have pre-existing conditions, the plan provides for
high-risk pools, where the uninsured would pay the premiums according to their
ability (means-tested), and taxpayers would otherwise subsidize their coverage.

The plan also provides for the insured to buy health status insurance, so if
they get sick and want to change insurers to those better suited to treat their
illness, their insurer would cover any additional premiums charged by the new
insurer to do so.

That would help create a market where insurers would compete to cover the sick.
The plan provides as well for guaranteed renewability, so those with insurance
can keep it as long as they continue to pay the same standard premiums as
others.

Consistent with its "patient power" theme, the plan makes the tax preference for
health insurance equal for everyone, whether their employer provides their
health insurance or not, with an equal, refundable, tax credit for health
insurance and/or out-of-pocket medical expenses for everyone.

That would create real, cost-conscious consumers of health care services. For
those who do not use the credit to get health insurance, the unclaimed funds
would be sent to a safety-net institution in their community.

House passage of such a popular alternative to ObamaCare would transform the
debate, putting conservatives and Republicans on the offensive, rather than the
defensive.

is president and founder of the National Tax Limitation Committee and National
Tax Limitation Foundation.

is director of entitlement and budget policy for the Heartland Institute, a
senior fellow at the National Center for Policy Analysis and senior policy
adviser to the National Tax Limitation Foundation on entitlement reform and the
federal budget.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              121 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      January 25, 2004 Sunday Home Edition
                              Correction Appended

LETTERS

BYLINE: CATHERINE BOOTH SHEALY, FELICIA DAVIS, KELVIN SIMS, JIM CODDINGTON,
PHILLIP ST. JAMES, ROY M. COLLINS, TIM MCNALLY, RONALD R. TALLON, CHRIS CLEO
CREECH, JOHN M.W. WOODY JR., JESSICA GRANER, CHARLES CHEVES, CHARLES SLAUGHTER,
PERRY BRICKMAN, SHAUL LAVAN, JERRY SCHULL, TRACY VANCE, JAMES HILL, JUDY MATRE

SOURCE: For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 2206 words


Blacks and crime: Responses to Cynthia Tucker's column "Black violence demeans
race," @issue, Jan. 18

Leaders care only about themselves

Cynthia Tucker writes truthfully about the statistics on black men and crime.

One sad part of all this is that such crime demeans the responsible black
doctors, co-workers, caring citizens and friends who have contributed so much to
my life and to others. As to why so-called black leaders seem unconcerned about
crime problems, that is not hard to figure --- they, like publicity and money
mongers of all races --- seek the spotlight for personal gain alone. Altruism is
left to people such as Colin Powell, Condoleezza Rice, numerous military people
and thousands of others who work for the good of all people. It isn't a racial
thing but a moral American thing for them.

I do not agree with Tucker's political observations, but I find her honesty
refreshing.

CATHERINE BOOTH SHEALY, Atlanta

Lowery relentless in tackling issue

Contrary to Cynthia Tucker's portrayal, the Joseph E. Lowery Institute brought
together judges, district attorneys, elected officials and the public to explore
the status of the criminal justice system. Intensely discussed were proposed
legislative initiatives, funding options and criminal justice reform.

Lowery consistently implores the black community to "turn to each other and not
on each other," and he addressed black-on-black crime while speaking at Ebenezer
Baptist Church last Thursday. Even the governor credits Lowery with being out
front on indigent defense. At the national level, he has advanced criminal
justice as one of the highest priorities for the black community going into the
2004 presidential elections.

Since Tucker is well aware of Lowery's work, especially in Georgia, her column
prompts me to question both her analysis and her motives.

FELICIA DAVIS, Jonesboro

Don't criticize; offer context, solutions

Cynthia Tucker's column was a nice try, but it failed to rise to the occasion.

As an African-American male, I know the bare statistics; I'm pummeled with them
every day as people seek to define me with them. We needed context and
solutions.

Tucker shouldn't allow her feud with the handlers of "Little B" to cloud her
thinking and feel we don't know what's going on.

KELVIN SIMS, Decatur

Black America is in deep denial

Cynthia Tucker has come out of the closet on black violence, correctly pointing
out that Kweisi Mfume and the Rev. Jesse Jackson have done nothing to stop the
carnage. Conservative blacks such as Thomas Sowell, Larry Elder and Shelby
Steele have been making her point for years, only to be labeled Uncle Toms.

Underneath the myriad of self-inflicted problems in black America, from
education to fatherless children to murder, is a deep and pervasive culture of
denial. Anyone (especially a nonblack person) who speaks openly about these
taboo subjects is accused of racism or using "harmful racial stereotypes."

JIM CODDINGTON, Kennesaw

Odds in society against black men

Cynthia Tucker misses the point: Most black males no longer believe in
cooperating with America's need for law and order, or in the American Dream.

This society purposely sabotages black males. They endure this every time they
go to substandard schools, are followed by security in a mall or store, drive
down a street and are stopped for nothing at all, or choose and use their own
pain-reducing drugs without supervision or permission.

Most of America wants blacks to keep away from troubling them, much as it wants
homeless folks to remain invisible. Impossible. Telling black males to simply
join those who hate and destroy them is weak and will never work.

PHILLIP ST. JAMES, Honolulu

Sale, use of drugs spawn other crimes

Our prisons are full of black men not because they do drugs or sell drugs, but
because they rob convenience stores, burglarize homes and businesses, and rob
and kill people to support their drug dependency or business. It's not so much
that they're "doing drugs" as what they are doing to do drugs. I would wager
that for most drug charges there are attached other criminal charges.

The problem, as Cynthia Tucker points out, is not bigotry --- it is one of black
men committing disproportionate numbers of criminal acts and getting caught and
prosecuted. As we celebrate the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.'s nonviolent legacy
this month, it might be appropriate for the black community at large to look
inward for solutions.

ROY M. COLLINS, Cumming

King would have fought the problem

In a courageous column, Cynthia Tucker spoke to all the residents of our city
and state --- black, white and Hispanic. She pushed aside leaders who make a
living on racial victimization and corporate extortion.

I believe the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. would have attacked the problems
pointed out by Tucker. I don't think he would shun any president in fighting for
positive change.

TIM McNALLY, Atlanta

Druid Hills Golf Club: Responses to Colin Campbell's column, "Golf club should
take head out of the sand," Metro, Jan. 18

Wiser course: not joining

If I were a member of a club and were denied rights that were guaranteed by its
rules, then I might sue. If I joined knowing what the rules were, I don't think
I could rationalize suing to make everyone else change to suit me.

I feel sorry for the members of Druid Hills Golf Club. I would bet that 90
percent or more of them would not care to change their rule. Why should they, if
they don't want to? The club belongs to them, and the policy should be
determined according to the rules in their constitution, not the complaint of 1
percent of the membership. The parties to the suit should just start their own
club.

RONALD R. TALLON, Lawrenceville

Retorts merely mask homophobia

I'd like to address two common points cited by those against the Druid Hills
Golf Club allowing same-sex partners the same rights as members' spouses:

* "Let them start their own club." This is basically the separate but equal
argument, but it wouldn't be equal. This club is an Atlanta institution where
membership allows a certain amount of business access, networking and social
status. A separate club, no matter how nice, would render its members
second-class citizens.

* "They knew the rules when they joined." No one seems to want to apply this
same argument to the club itself. A club doing business within the city limits
is under a certain amount of city scrutiny and must obey its laws. They've
always known that.

These arguments are thinly veiled attempts at justifying homophobia.

CHRIS CLEO CREECH, Atlanta

Faith-based initiatives: Responses to the editorial "Church, state don't sit
well in same pew," @issue, Jan. 18

Liberals afraid, but of what?

One would rather face a rabid dog than an open-minded, progressive,
compassionate liberal who opposes faith-based initiatives. The mere mention of
the words brings about a reaction in liberals that would make Pavlov proud.

The fact is, faith-based groups would be far more successful; but liberals
cannot bear the thought of government not being in control. It makes me wonder
--- what do liberals fear most, faith or initiative?

JOHN M.W. WOODY JR., White Plains

There's no need to panic

The editorial indicates that the situation has been blown out of proportion.

I agree that there should definitely be separation of church and state, but if
the Georgia Constitution is amended to resemble the U.S. Constitution, nonprofit
organizations could receive state money and be able to further their good and
compassionate works.

I support missionary work, but not forcing people to convert to Christianity or
to have some sort of religious belief.

JESSICA GRANER, Newnan

Faith-based initiatives: Responses to the Equal Time article "A chance to erase
evidence of bigotry," @issue, Jan. 18

Those who explain seek to convert

Deborah Ausburn writes that state-funded groups shouldn't require religious
belief in exchange for services, but she suggests that such groups should be
allowed "to explain their beliefs to clients."

What would be the purpose of explaining their beliefs if not to convert? How can
the state regulate and police the church-client relationship so as to avoid a
quid pro quo exchange of service for belief? It cannot be done.

CHARLES CHEVES, Blairsville

Erasing bigotry not the real goal

If the intent of the proposed constitutional amendment was to rid the state of
its legacy of bigotry, then it would be reasonable to expect the state Senate to
pass the measure submitted by state Sen. Mary Squires (D-Norcross) that would
have simply removed the Blaine amendment from the state constitution. That
measure was defeated 47-6.

I submit that the intent of the governor's proposal is to pave the way for
school vouchers in Georgia; allow lucrative state contracts to be awarded to
religious institutions that may require conversion prior to the receipt of
services; and permit religious institutions receiving state funds to base hiring
and firing decisions solely upon religious beliefs.

CHARLES SLAUGHTER, Cumming

Middle East: Responses to Thomas Friedman's column "Israeli land grab undercuts
U.S. policy in Arab World," @issue, Jan. 18

Policy isn't nuts, Friedman is

Thomas Friedman, who says U.S. policy in the Middle East is insane, has lived
with and dined with the Arabs so long that he thinks and talks like them.

He says Zionism is a just cause, but "Israel needs to get out of the way"
because the Arab-Muslim world is winning the population race and needs more
room. Yet he states that, no matter what, Israel will still be despised. The
Arabs won't embrace Israel, he says. But they will like America more.

I ask: Who is insane?

PERRY BRICKMAN, Atlanta

Chance for peace is nil with Arafat

Thomas Friedman has forgotten that Yasser Arafat rewarded President Clinton's
efforts with war, and President Bush's Aqaba Accords by destroying Abu Mazen's
premiership. The sad reality is that Arafat will kill any peace initiative, as
he still aims to destroy Israel.

If the United States forces Israel to retreat unilaterally to the 1967 lines, it
will be interpreted as rewarding terror. In addition, Arafat would accelerate
attacks. Until Arafat is gone, peace is a goner.

SHAUL LAVAN, Atlanta

President Bush: Give tax benefits to U.S. producers

This sounds like more feel-good verbiage --- all words and no action ("Bush plan
aims to strengthen American manufacturing," Business, Jan. 17).

As long as U.S. manufacturing and technical jobs continue to move across borders
in the name of lowering costs to corporations, the American public's buying
power will continue to spiral down. Jobs will be lost, and manufacturing and
technical expertise will be lost.

Corporations that move jobs across borders should not realize the same tax
benefits as those that supply U.S. jobs. The corporate tax structure should be
directly linked to U.S. jobs creation. And all products should be labeled as to
their U.S. content. American consumers have a right to know.

JERRY SCHULL, Marietta

Safe from terror, not from hunger

It's the economy, stupid --- part two: I hate to admit that I voted for
President Bush; three years later, it is apparent he just doesn't get it. In his
State of the Union address, he barely spoke to the unemployed middle class as he
focused on Iraq. The jobs are not coming; they're now in India and China.

Fool me once, shame on me --- but I won't be fooled again. I pray that a valid
Democratic candidate emerges, but regardless, I will not vote for Bush. Being
safe from terrorism doesn't mean much when families are losing their homes and
starving in the United States.

TRACY VANCE, Marietta

He's cleaned up Clinton's messes

The Democratic hate machine cries louder and louder the more our country enjoys
robust growth, prosperity and security. Why? Because President Bush, a
Republican, has provided it.

He fixed the economy, he's winning the war, and he's cleaning up corporate
greed, all three being the cornerstone of President Clinton's legacy. This
president has done a stellar job by being decisive, moral and exact in fixing
the wake of destruction left behind by the Clinton administration.

The more this president succeeds, the louder you will hear the leftists cry.
What this illustrates is the pettiness of their attempts to attack a strong and
widely supported leader who is finally becoming recognized as one of the great
modern, visionary presidents.

JAMES HILL, Canton

Think for yourself, don't look to Hollywood

I cannot fathom why anyone would look to the entertainment world, or any other
world, for political influence ("Stars on the stump," @issue, Jan. 18).

One should investigate the candidates for themselves and make an educated
decision on whom to support. Now, after researching, one may seek political
conversation with friends, family, co-workers, etc. Or, if you are friends with
Martin Sheen, Madonna, Carole King, etc., then by all means take their views
into consideration.

Let's think for ourselves in choosing the person to lead our country.

JUDY MATRE, Atlanta

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: January 28, 2004 Wednesday

CORRECTION: The middle name of Catherine Boone Shealy was wrong in a letter to
the editor she wrote in the Sunday @issue section.

TYPE: Letters

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              122 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                    The Sunday Telegraph (Sydney, Australia)

                              July 7, 1996, Sunday

States urged to ban betting on Olympics

BYLINE: JOHN LARKIN

LENGTH: 404 words


STATE governments have been told they should ban Olympic betting because it will
demean the spirit of the Games and pit "Australian against Australian". And the
Australian Olympic Committee has warned Premier Bob Carr it will call in the
powerful International Olympic Committee if NSW backs down on a pledge to ban
Games bets.

The AOC has written to all State and Territory governments urging them to
prohibit Olympic betting at both Atlanta and Sydney to maintain the "good name"
of the Olympic movement.

AOC president John Coates told The Sunday Telegraph betting on Olympic events
would divide the nation, pitting countrymen and women against each other.

"It would certainly demean the Games and it would be terrible if our nation was
divided in support of Daniel Kowalski or Kieren Perkins because people had bet
against one of them," Mr Coates said.

He was speaking from Athens, in Georgia, where Australia's Olympic athletes are
making final preparations for Atlanta.

"You'd have a questionmark over form reversals at the Olympics.

People would ask whether races had been thrown," he said.

"It would also put extra pressure on the athletes."

In response to the AOC's request, NSW said it had decided to prohibit Olympic
betting to protect "the status, prestige and traditions of the Olympic games".
Acting Premier Dr Andrew Refshauge wrote to the AOC that sports betting
legislation before Parliament would not allow wagers on the Atlanta or the
Sydney Games.

At the moment residents of all other States will be able to bet on the Games.

The manager of Alice Springs betting agency Centrebet, Gerard Daffy, said the
AOC's antibetting call was "outdated". "They must be dreaming. We've got our own
rules over here and we don't see anything wrong with Olympic betting."

The AOC wrote to other governments this year, securing informal agreement from
South Australia that Olympics bets would be prohibited in that State.

The Victorian and Queensland governments replied they were seriously considering
the issue. Victoria has since said it will allow Games wagering.

Western Australia said it had already approved Olympic betting, but the AOC's
request would be discussed this month.

The ACT and the Northern Territory rejected the AOC's pleas, confirming that
betting will be permitted on Olympic events.

Tasmania replied that Olympic betting must be endorsed at ministerial level.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: STE

                   Copyright 1996 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              123 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                             June 27, 2003, Friday

GAY SEX BAN STRUCK DOWN BY JUSTICES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 232 words


The US Supreme Court struck down a ban on gay sex yesterday, ruling that the law
was an unconstitutional violation of privacy.

The 6-3 ruling reverses course from a ruling 17 years ago that states could
punish homosexuals for what such laws called deviant sex.

Laws forbidding homosexual sex, once universal, now are rare. Those on the books
are rarely enforced but underpin other kinds of discrimination, lawyers for two
Texas men had argued to the court.

The law 'demeans the lives of homosexual persons,' Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote
for the majority. 'The state cannot demean their existence or control their
destiny by making their private sexual conduct a crime,' he said.

Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas
dissented.

'The court has largely signed on to the so-called homosexual agenda,' Scalia
wrote for the three.

'The court has taken sides in the culture war,' Scalia said, adding he has
'nothing against homosexuals'. The two men at the heart of the case, John
Lawrence and Tyron Garner, were each fined pounds 120 and spent a night in jail
for the misdemeanour sex charge in 1998.

The case began when a neighbour with a grudge faked a distress call to police,
saying a man was 'going crazy' in Lawrence's apartment. Police went to the
apartment, pushed open the door and found the two men having sex.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2003 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                              124 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                             June 27, 2003, Friday

GAY SEX BAN STRUCK DOWN BY JUSTICES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 232 words


The US Supreme Court struck down a ban on gay sex yesterday, ruling that the law
was an unconstitutional violation of privacy.

The 6-3 ruling reverses course from a ruling 17 years ago that states could
punish homosexuals for what such laws called deviant sex.

Laws forbidding homosexual sex, once universal, now are rare. Those on the books
are rarely enforced but underpin other kinds of discrimination, lawyers for two
Texas men had argued to the court.

The law 'demeans the lives of homosexual persons,' Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote
for the majority. 'The state cannot demean their existence or control their
destiny by making their private sexual conduct a crime,' he said.

Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas
dissented.

'The court has largely signed on to the so-called homosexual agenda,' Scalia
wrote for the three.

'The court has taken sides in the culture war,' Scalia said, adding he has
'nothing against homosexuals'. The two men at the heart of the case, John
Lawrence and Tyron Garner, were each fined pounds 120 and spent a night in jail
for the misdemeanour sex charge in 1998.

The case began when a neighbour with a grudge faked a distress call to police,
saying a man was 'going crazy' in Lawrence's apartment. Police went to the
apartment, pushed open the door and found the two men having sex.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2003 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                              125 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 15, 1984, Monday, Late City Final Edition

RELATIONSHIPS;
WOMEN AND THEIR SECRETARIES

BYLINE: By Margot Slade

SECTION: Section A; Page 16, Column 1; Style Desk

LENGTH: 743 words


SECRETARIES can be an executive's best friend, or worst

enemy. ''Good executives know enough to beware the secretarial underground,''
says Virginia E. Schein, a consultant to business and management and associate
professor of psychology at Baruch College of the City University of New York.
''They can make or break their bosses, succor or sabotage them.''

When both executive and secretary are female, according to Dr. Schein and others
who have studied women in management, the extremes of this relationship seem to
be the norm. ''There is the potential for a female boss to have unusually
productive dealings with her secretary, since she may be less likely to demean
the role of another woman and more likely to give that woman respect and
responsibility,'' Dr. Schein said. ''But there is also the potential for
unusually unproductive dealings, since a female boss may be so insecure, so
afraid of being identified with her secretary as 'one of the girls,' that she
will go out of her way to demean that role.''

''I commonly see disasters or roaring successes,'' says Dr. Kathleen V. Shea, a
psychologist practicing in the northern suburbs of Chicago and author of a
seminal study on the psychological health of women who are executives.

As Dr. Shea put it: ''What gets people to the top - picking more apples than
anyone else - is not what keeps them there, which is building relationships so
that people want you picking more apples than anyone else.'' The problem, she
said, is that ''no one tells women in management that they need to be high-task-
and high-relationship-oriented, and that relationship building must start with
their secretaries.''

Moreover, learning need not translate into doing. ''Women managers are often so
busy being better than everyone else that they tend to let slide any effort to
be woman-friendly,'' says Denise McLaughlin, a first vice president at the J.
Henry Schroder Bank and Trust Company in New York. ''I know that I have to work
on being nice.''

Even then, success is not assured. There can be, for example, the age-
advancement gap. Mrs. McLaughlin recalled confronting a secretary 30 years older
than she who said, ''If you were hired when I was hired, you would be a
secretary, too.''

Then, there can be the value gap. ''I've had secretaries who viewed their work
as a job, something they did to earn money, while I viewed my work as a
career,'' said Mary C. Farrell, a vice president at the brokerage company Paine
Webber. ''We did not share the same aggressiveness, the same ambition, the same
sense of urgency. The first time you encounter this lack of shared values, it
can lead to frustration.''

It can also lead to conflict, according to John H. Woodyard, a senior consulting
psychologist for Rohrer, Hibler & Replogle Inc., management consultants.
Resolving the conflict takes insight on both sides and, sometimes, outside help.
''Values must be separated from behaviors,'' Dr. Woodyard said. ''A woman
executive cannot expect her secretary to share her goals, but she can expect a
certain level of performance.''

Promoting such performance means getting a secretary to understand and support
her boss's needs and goals, although she may not share them. ''A woman executive
should want the secretary to take an interest in her success and to take on some
responsibility for that success,'' Dr. Shea said.

Psychologists and management consultants agree that women who are executives
must gain enough confidence in themselves that they can disclose something of
their outside- the-office lives, as did Mrs. McLaughlin, who revealed that her
newborn baby was running her ragged. ''It was the great equalizer,'' she said.
''I became a woman with whom my secretary could empathize.''

Sensitivity to the woman who is the secretary is another requisite for a
productive relationship. ''Women managers should learn who the secretary is,
what her workload is like, what demands are being made on her,'' Dr. Shea said.

The straightforward approach can sometimes help. ''When a secretary is older
than her female boss and is irked by the disparity between their positions in
the company,'' Dr. Woodyard said, ''it may clear the air if the boss admits to
her face, 'You're right, but we can't change the situation.' ''

Said Dr. Schein: ''Women managers and women secretaries should develop a
relationship that works for the two of them, but it should also be a working
relationship.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: drawing

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              126 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                           January 8, 2014 Wednesday

LENGTH: 483 words


COMMUNICATING

Buy a stamp

I enjoyed reading Joella Brown's latest letter to the editor, published Dec. 12
in The Topeka Capital-Journal, about checking her mailbox for Christmas cards
but receiving fewer because some friends communicate only by email these days.

I agree with Joella and believe people are still worth the price of a card, an
envelope and a stamp. I have been writing letters since I was in elementary
school and now am 56 years old. I still buy stationery at Hallmark several times
a year. I did send Christmas cards this year. I even tried looking Joella up in
the telephone book to see if I could find her name and address.

I kid around when I send letters by telling people I am punishing them by making
them read another of my boring letters, but I have gotten responses from some of
them saying it was nice to receive something in the mail besides bills. And it
does not have to be anyone's birthday or an event to send a letter.

MARIJO MASTROIANNI, Topeka

LAW ENFORCEMENT

Procedures suspect

Indian diplomat Devyani Khobragade was arrested by law enforcement authorities
for alleged crimes. The manner in which the arrest was effected has drawn
outrage from some and expression of regret by Secretary of State John Kerry. The
diplomat was strip-searched, including a cavity search, and placed in a cell
with others described as drug addicts and prostitutes.

To defend their actions, law enforcement officials offer they followed standard
procedures in the arrest process. To further buttress their position that the
diplomat was not mistreated, we were told she was accorded privileges not
normally provided to persons under arrest. For example, the diplomat was allowed
to use the telephone for a lengthy period of time to make arrangements for her
children while she was being held.

Law enforcement can't have it both ways. They can't defend their actions by
saying they followed standard procedures and then claim they provided special
treatment to the diplomat.

Has law enforcement adopted practices that are too heavy- handed and have as a
purpose something other than officer safety and the requirements needed to take
suspects into custody? Are the practices meant to demean and humiliate so as to
make suspects much more easily manipulated in the criminal justice system? Must
practices that demean and humiliate be standard in all cases?

A cherished principle of the American criminal justice system is suspects are
presumed innocent.

It is difficult to reconcile the treatment of the diplomat with that
presumption. Her treatment is defensible if we presume her to be guilty or that
she was carrying contraband in her body cavity while taking her children to
school.

Law enforcement officials must tailor practices that take into account the
presumption of innocence, the safety of suspects and officers and the
requirements for humane treatment.

MICHAEL LEE KOBE, Palestine, Texas

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              127 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    January 11, 1983, Tuesday, Final Edition

The Gifts Come In Several Sizes; All Of Them Fit

BYLINE: BOB LEVEY

SECTION: Style; Bob Levey's Washington; C14

LENGTH: 1027 words


As our annual fund-raising effort on behalf of Children's Hospital heads for the
last lap, we are discovering, as always, that groups of all sizes make
contributions of all sizes. Today, a look at the small, the medium and the
large:

FROM $10 TO Marj Skinner Productions of Chevy Chase contributed $10, all of it
in gratitude for the safe return of the founder's wedding ring, which she lost
at Bethesda's Crown Books during a day of "frantic Christmas shopping."

Marj notes that "if everyone who has experienced the return of a lost item would
donate 10 percent of the item's cash value to Children's Hospital, that would be
a Christmas story with an even happier ending."

A nice idea, Marj. I've put it right at the front of my 1983-84 Children's
Hospital file. I'll start nagging everyone about it in 10 months, when we begin
our drive anew.

A $25 donation arrived from Manchester House Antiques of Silver Spring, and its
chief cook and bottle washer, Lesta K. Doerfler. Lesta is an old bridge buddy,
and she guesses that her $25 "should cover my entry fees for 1982 had we played
bridge. However, since we didn't, both you and Children's Hospital are ahead."

You demean yourself, Lesta. But your gift hardly demeans the kids. May all your
finesses succeed in 1983.

The Burke Sharks of the National Capital Soccer League donated $30 to our
campaign, and challenged other teams in its league, as well as the Washington
Area Girls Soccer League, to equal or surpass it. Thanks to coach Don Cavanaugh
for forwarding the gift and making the challenge.

Our $32 contribution comes from the clerical staff at the Mass Mutual-Levin
Agency in Bethesda. Thanks, insurers.

FROM $50 TO Right at half a hundred were five groups -- C.A.C.I. of Arlington,
the management of Fletcher's Boat House in Northwest, Capital Video Center of
Tysons Corner, the United States Independent Telephone Association and the
Arlington Young Democrats.

As Michael J. Stoil of the Young Dems notes, "civic responsibility doesn't end
at the voting booth." A bunch of sick kids up on Michigan Avenue are glad you
feel that way, Mike. Thanks to you, and the rest of the "50 Club."

Marine Air Supply Co., Inc., of Kensington donated $62, and the Gay Community
Center of the District of Columbia gave $67. Thanks to both.

There were two $70 donors -- the Wanderlust Travel Club of Northwest, and the
staff of the Aspen Hill branch of Chevy Chase Savings and Loan Inc.

The bank folks had a special reason for giving this year. The sister of one of
their coworkers nearly died early in December, but Children's saved her. In
gratitude, the Aspen Hillers kicked into a kitty what they would normally have
spent on Christmas gifts for each other. It's a decision that will pay
dividends, you might say.

Last in this category: a $79 gift from the office staff of Capitol Hill
Management Co. of Chevy Chase. Thank you very much.

FROM $100 UP: Leading off the list in the upper reaches are three $100 donations
-- from the employes of the Fleet Management Division of the Prince George's
County government, the employes of VIP Systems Typesetting Company in Alexandria
and the "Ladies of the Children's Department" at the Lord and Taylor store in
Falls Church. Much appreciated, all of you.

Lucille McCheney was determined to put together a gift to the hospital this year
from among her office mates at the Administration for Children, Youth and
Families at the Department of Health and Human Services. She went the delicious
route to do it.

"I invested $5 in popcorn, oil and bags," she writes, "and provided popcorn to
my coworkers for three weeks during the hours of 2 to 4 p.m. Everyone made a
'free will' contribution to Children's Hospital each time they took some . . . "
The result? A check for $105.45. May your taste for popcorn never flag, HHSers.

Two gifts of $106 graced the mailbox: the first from the Fairfax City Police
Association ($2 from each of the group's 53 members), the second from employes
of Kaiser-Georgetown Community Health Plan Inc. of Springfield, who bought 106
$1 chances on a holiday wreath. Thanks to both organizations.

The Nuclear Effects Simulation Technology Branch at Harry Diamond Laboratories
in White Oak contributed $120, and the employes of R. H. Nicholson & Company of
Falls Church gave $140. Meanwhile, the members and staff of the American
Alliance for Health, Physical Education, Recreation and Dance of Reston
contributed $180, and the employes of William E. Miller Furniture Co. of Capitol
Hill kicked in $180. We're grateful to all of you.

Instead of exchanging gifts and cards, the employes of the Printouts and Control
Validation section of Data Assembly at the National Geographic Membership Center
in Gaithersburg passed the hat for the hospital. The contents: $204. Meanwhile,
through its annual book fair, the Association of American Foreign Service Women
collected $250 for the hospital. Good work!

Couriers toiling for Dash of Arlington put together a $315 contribution. A
$364.35 gift was given by the staff of RAILINC Corp. -- the 10th consecutive
year that outfit has made a holiday gift to the hospital. And Court 1643 of the
Independent Order of Foresters contributed $400 to the kids. Much obliged to all
three groups.

Speaking of consecutive giving streaks, the staff of the Transportation Research
Board at the National Academy of Sciences rang up a 16th consecutive annual
gift. This year's was the handsome sum of $539. And for the fourth year in a
row, the staff of W. J. Schafer and Associates Inc., of Arlington raised funds
for the kids instead of investing in cards and gifts for each other. Their total
was $835, which is worthy, indeed.

Finally, two groups that broke into four figures: Communications Workers of
America Local No. 2108 ($1,164.50) and the American Council of Life Insurance,
headquartered in Northwest ($1,517). To the dozens of people at both
organizations who made those numbers possible, sincere thanks.

To contribute to the campaign:

Make a check or money order payable to Children's Hospital and mail it to Bob
Levey, The Washington Post, Washington, D.C. 20071.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                              128 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            March 8, 1995, Wednesday

A LIFE FOR A LIFE, STATE DECREES

BYLINE: BY DENENE MILLNER AND MICHAEL FINNEGAN

SECTION: News Pg.  5

LENGTH: 518 words

ALBANY  Gov. Pataki returned the death penalty to New York yesterday and
immortalized two slain New York City cops by using their pens to sign the bill.

As Janet McDonald and Laura Cannon stood with him, Pataki first took a gold
Cross pen that belonged to slain Bronx cop Sean McDonald into his left hand to
sign "George."

Then, for "Pataki," he picked up a black Bic ballpoint that Brooklyn cop Ray
Cannon was carrying in his patrol book when he was shot.

After the ceremony, he returned the pens to the young widows.

"Ray would have been proud," said Laura Cannon, who was a newlywed when her
26-year-old husband was shot during a bike store burglary.

A tearful Janet McDonald said it was a long time coming. Her husband, also 26,
was shot in the head in March 1994 while arresting a robbery suspect in the
Bronx. Just last week, one of the men charged with killing him was sentenced to
25 years to life in prison.

"We're all victims here . . . lives have been shorter because of senseless
killings," she said.

Under the new law, which takes effect Sept. 1, cop killers could be sentenced to
death. Also facing possible execution could be killers of judges and prison
guards, contract killers, murderers who torture their victims and killers who
commit murder in the course of a robbery, rape, burglary, arson or a prison
escape.

The ceremony was heavy with symbolism and came just hours after a pre-dawn vote
in the Assembly to restore capital punishment for the first time in 18 years.

"For too many years, too many New Yorkers have lived in fear of crime," Pataki
said. "This law alone won't stop crime, but is an important step in the right
direction."

Pataki's signing of the bill on his 66th day in office is certain to go down in
history as one of his most significant acts as governor. To mark the occasion,
he packed scores of cops, prosecutors, politicians and relatives of murder
victims into the ceremonial Court of Appeals room in the Capitol.

Also with Pataki were Devorah and David Halberstam, whose son Ari, 16, died from
bullet wounds he suffered last year while crossing the Brooklyn Bridge in a van
with other Hasidic students.

New York's first Republican governor in 20 years said he had "no reservations at
all" about clearing the way for executions by lethal injection.

"This bill is going to save lives," Pataki said. "It is going to be a
deterrent."

The death penalty bill passed in the state Senate, 38 to 19, Monday night after
41/2 hours of debate. The Assembly's nearly 12 hours of debate ended yesterday
at 4:38 a.m. when the measure passed, 94 to 52.

Pataki said former Gov. Mario Cuomo was mistaken in arguing that capital
punishment demeans society.

"What demeans society," Pataki said, "is when Devorah and David Halberstam can't
get justice for their son who was killed by a terrorist if we don't have a death
penalty in this state.

"What demeans society is when too many police officers respond to a call,
risking their lives to protect us, and we as a society don't do everything in
our power to protect them and save their lives."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1995 Daily News, L.P.


                              129 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             May 21, 2005 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

IT'S WRONG TO DEMEAN VET WHO SPAT AT JANE FONDA

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 116 words


Michael Smith of Kansas City, Mo., was not moaning over the lack of a parade, as
the writer of the letter "Vet who spat at Fonda forgot lessons of Vietnam" (May
11) speculates.

It was obvious that this writer was never in Vietnam. Mr.

Smith's action while waiting in a book-signing line, however crude, did not
compare with Jane Fonda's action with the enemy, and the beatings and agony she
caused. Those men did not pick the time or the place; neither did my husband or
the thousands of others who served. So, unless the writer was in that position,
and only if he served in combat, does he have the right to demean this man.
Don't sit in judgment of those who were there.

EFFIE W. PITTS

West Palm Beach

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Letters to the Editor

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2005 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.


                              130 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 19, 1997, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

'Civil' Death Penalty Demeans All Americans

SECTION: Section 4; Page 14; Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 162 words



To the Editor:

"Executions Spread From South, Become Part of U.S. Landscape" (front page, Oct.
14) includes a quote from Gov. Roy Romer of Colorado supporting the execution of
Gary Davis, a convicted murderer and rapist. Governor Romer said, "I care more
about a society that has to have rules and laws that keep us civil."

Civil? My dictionary defines civilized as "having advanced culture" and "polite,
well-bred, refined." Mr. Romer knows better. He opposed the death penalty until
the early 1970's, as you report, and changed his tune when voters upheld it in a
referendum in 1974.

The escalating use of state killings demeans all of us. The news media assert
that public opinion is in favor of the death penalty by large margins, but it
ignores the fact that studies have shown that when the question is asked if one
favors the death penalty over life without parole, the numbers become almost
even.

HARVEY ISAAK
Bronxville, N.Y., Oct. 14, 1997

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              131 of 998 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                          November 23, 2005 Wednesday
                                National Edition

Florida Supreme Court puts bite on lawyers' pit bull advertisement

BYLINE: Financial Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST: LEGAL POST; Pg. FP9

LENGTH: 107  words


The Florida Supreme Court leashed a pair of "pit bulls" last week -- that is,
pit bull lawyers. The small Fort Lauderdale firm had been running a TV ad that
featured a pit bull in a spiked leather collar and the phone number "PIT-BULL."
The seven justices unanimously held the commercial demeans the legal profession.
(Some people would undoubtedly argue it demeans pit bulls.) Chief Justice
Barbara Pariente wrote that if the court approved pit bull ads, "images of
sharks, wolves, crocodiles and piranhas could follow." The lawyers, John Pape
and Marc Chandler, were reprimanded -- and ordered to attend a Florida bar
workshop on advertising.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White
Photo: A pit bull.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2005 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              132 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                          September 24, 2005 Saturday
                                Montreal Edition

Hazing a cruel ritual where everyone loses: 'It only takes a few guys' to go
wrong; Experts say degrading initiations fail totally in their stated goal of
building team spirit

BYLINE: WILLIAM MARSDEN, The Gazette

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 997  words


Hockey players at the University of Vermont forced rookies to walk around naked
holding each other's testicles.

Football players at Mephan High School in New York sodomized three rookies with
broomsticks, golf balls and pine cones.

German army recruits were tortured with electric shocks.

U.S. marines tied up recruits and beat them. In Russia, over a period of just
six months, 25 military recruits were killed and 60 committed suicide during
prolonged hazing rituals.

These are only a fraction of the hazing incidents that have been revealed over
the last few years.

Designed to demean and humiliate, they are not much different from the hazing
last month at McGill University. Here a rookie football player quit the team,
claiming he had been sodomized by veterans wielding a broomstick which they
called Dr. Broom.

The event has seared the reputation of one of Canada's oldest and most respected
schools, whose football tradition goes back more than a century.

Questions raised include how hazing became part of the football culture at
McGill, how veterans could subject their team mates to such brutal and
humiliating rituals and how to stop it.

Experts say hazing in any form is a cruel and humiliating initiation ritual that
is too often ingrained in the military and sport cultures of almost every
society.

Both are cultures that often operate outside society's accepted rules and
regulations. Actions and attitudes that are unacceptable and even illegal in
society - fighting, intimidation, uttering threats - become part of the fabric
of the often violent sports and military lives.

They also agree that hazing totally fails in its stated goal of creating team
spirit and cementing the bonds between players.

Even apparently innocent hazings can, over time, develop into rituals that
demean and dehumanize people, they say.

Joe Gervais, the life skills co-ordinator at the University of Vermont, said
that justifying hazing as a team-building ritual is simply a "rationalization
for the exercise of power dynamics."

"It's a way to return new members to grub status by putting the first-year guys
in their place."

The University of Vermont hazing incident came to light when a student, who was
a rookie hockey goalie, sued the university.

The university hired outside counsel to investigate the incident. When the team
conspired to lie about it, the school shut the hockey program for a year. The
life-skills job was created, and Gervais now teaches a mandatory course to all
first-year athletes that includes the subject of hazing.

Jay Johnson, a sports sociologist writing his doctorate on hazing at the
University of Toronto, said hazing "provides an opportunity to perpetuate a
hierarchical structure within the team. ... So if you look at it as a cycle, it
educates the newer members on how they can achieve the power and how they can
utilize the power. As rookies, they essentially have no power. They have been
stripped of their identity."

He said it often becomes a self-perpetuating ritual that gets crueler as time
passes.

Once players are in the system, he says, they become part of this culture.

"They then can utilize that knowledge to construct or add to the entry ritual of
the next year coming in or the year after. They have the whole year to devise
new ways to enhance the ritual. All it really takes is one or two individuals to
say, 'Hey, let's try this, let's try a broom.' "

Veterans who played football at McGill in the 1960s and 1970s said it was never
a part of the school tradition when they played football.

Men like Wade Kenny and Skip Kerner, who also played hockey at McGill, said they
never experienced hazing and roundly condemned the practice. Both men blame the
team's coaches, who they believe must have known about the hazing. They both
called for their resignations. Kerner said McGill should cancel the season.
"They should clean house and start over, get rid of the coaching staff. The
students shouldn't have to take the rap."

So if hazing didn't happen 30 years ago at McGill, why now?

"It only takes a few guys to start changing the culture," Johnson said. "And
then it becomes cyclical and the attitude is, 'they did it to me, so I'll do it
to them.' "

Wayne Halliday, a sports psychologist at the Universite de Montreal who advises
sports teams on how best to create a positive spirit within the team, said
hazing is often more violent and sexual in violent sports such as hockey and
football, where proving your manhood is viewed as important.

Johnson said that's why initiations often take on a homophobic and violent
nature.

And once hazing has become entrenched, it takes much more than just a
zero-tolerance policy or a warning from the coach to excise it.

"You have to make it socially unacceptable," Gervais said. He noted the state of
Vermont has outlawed it and imposes fines of up to $2,000 for anybody who
participates or simply is a bystander.

"A zero-tolerance policy in and of itself is not enough to eliminate some of the
more problematic issues of hazing," Johnson said. "You have to have a forum that
educates players and coaches and in some cases administrators, too, because
these are individuals who are all part of the cycle. They are former athletes
themselves. They probably have gone through some type of hazing ritual.

"There needs to be an education proponent that lays it out clearly what is
acceptable, what's unacceptable. And it has to be a constant, because every year
you've got incoming students."

Both Halliday and Johnson said it's also important to have a positive
replacement for the hazing, such as a canoe trip or cooperative games that put
the whole team on an equal level and take players into an area outside their
sport.

"You want the player to grow as an athlete, as a human being and you want the
team to grow," Halliday said. "And fourth, you want the sport to grow."

Gervais said hazing hurts everybody. It teaches the wrong values and "creates
dissension and resentment among players."

wmarsden@thegazette.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              133 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 2, 1989, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

LETTERLINE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 678 words


Tenn.: 'Vile-smelling' politics
Regarding Lee Atwater's column on David Duke: Duke has made a living in the past
out of making vile-smelling, vast generalizations about groups of people he
doesn't like. He specialized in lies and hate. In the past year, Atwater, as
George Bush's verbal hatchet man, made a living propagating hateful lies and
vile-smelling, vast generalizations about groups of people he doesn't like. A
skunk is still a skunk no matter what direction the spray is headed. Ken Carman
Nashville

Ohio: When savings are loaned
If we really believe in capitalism and free enterprise, we will just pay the
depositors what is left in the FSLIC, allow the sick S&Ls to die, and let the
imprudent depositors suffer their losses. Panic runs on S&Ls could be avoided by
nationwide education on capital-to-asset solvency ratios and a federal
requirement that all S&Ls publish their daily ratio, possibly posting it in
their windows instead of FSLIC stickers. Isn't that what depositors should have
been checking all along? Ramond G. Becks Lakewood

Wash.: Don't surrender rights
A few years ago, the three major U.S. television networks refused to show Death
of a Princess after receiving pressure from Saudi Arabia. Now three major U.S.
book distributors have been intimidated into not distributing Salman Rushdie's
book, The Satanic Verses, by Iran and the ayatollah. What's happening,
Americans? When people with different views don't like a show or a book and
threaten us either economically, as Saudi Arabia did, or violently, as Iran is
doing, do we give up our basic American rights? Bruce Stewart Bellevue

S.C.: Western civilization?
Iran's behavior toward the publication of The Satanic Verses seems to have
shocked the ''civilized'' Western world. But think for a moment what this
civilized Western world must look like to our Eastern brothers. Rampant crime,
abortion, materialism and humanistic values which advance the idea that the
individual is his own god. In short, there is nothing sacred in the West. It may
be acceptable to the West to demean the name of God and morality. But it's the
height of arrogance for us to believe that it's OK to demean the beliefs and the
God who is so respected in the Eastern world. The Rev. Edward D. Lofton Cheraw

W.Va.: Build hard runway
As one who has flown to Antarctica five times, I can appreciate the interest in
replacing the ski ways at McMurdo station with a permanent, hard-surface runway.
Presently, they use a sea ice ski way from late August through mid-December for
wheeled landings. This enables C-141 Starlifters to land.By mid-December, the
sea ice begins to melt and operations are moved to Willams ''Willy'' Field, a
permanent ice ski way. However, this ski way is not hard enough for wheeled
landings, so from mid-December onward, only ski-equipped C-130s and twin otters
can land. Willy Field closes in late February, and there are normally no flights
to the ice till opening in late August. A permanent, hard-surface runway might
stay open year round. Neil Conant Elkins

N.M.: Sticking up for liberty
Regarding obscene bumper stickers: Once again, my libertarian taste is insulted
by mindless bigotry flowing from the mouths of people who have nothing better to
do than dictate to me about my personal taste. They're probably the same people
who have those stupid Garfield things in their windows, which I don't like, but
that's their business.By the way, do these people who object to the bumper
stickers know that there are homeless and starving people in the world who
deserve their attention? Ritche Stewart Albuquerque

Pa.: Thompson's bad message
It is disheartening to consider the emotional damage done to the kids who
listened to Oklahoma quarterback Charles Thompson tell kids that he was
successful because he said ''no to drugs,'' and then learned that he was
arrested and charged with selling 17 grams of cocaine. Your recent article
quoted young Lacy Hargrove as saying, ''He came to my school and he lied to me
... I guess you just have to learn not to trust anybody.'' How very sad that
that had to happen. Thompson has succeeded in making an already great and
difficult challenge even more so. S. Raymond Dodson Jr., executive director
Juniata Valley Tri-County Drug and Alcohol Abuse Commission Lewistown

Wis.: Wise up on Milwaukee
I would like to request that in the future, when you have a business travel
section, you give Milwaukee a more investigative reporter. I was appalled at the
lack of information your staff had about Milwaukee, and I'm not even a native
Wisconsinite. The article had a survey that listed Milwaukee Airport as the
third best by 8% of the businesspeople surveyed. And yet none of the hotels were
even listed, although Milwaukee has a Hyatt Regency, a brand-new Wyndham,
Sheraton, Embassy Suites, Holiday Inns, Ramada Inns, etc. Then there were no
restaurants listed either, when one of the favorite pastimes in Milwaukee is
eating. Milwaukee is full of so many varieties of ethnic eating places, it's
really a shame that they were overlooked. Marilyn M. Dietz Burlington

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Inquiry; Letterline

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                              134 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                     April 25, 2001 Wednesday Final Edition

Stop running lame joke about secretary: It demeans administrative professionals
and the managers they support

SOURCE: Freelance

BYLINE: Ann Landers

SECTION: Living; Advice; Pg. E4

LENGTH: 376 words

Dear Ann Landers: Several times over the years, you have printed a story called
Why I Fired My Secretary. As an administrative professional and someone who has
fought her entire career to obtain professional recognition, it disturbs me that
you insist on running that lame joke in your column. Not only is it degrading to
secretaries and administrative professionals, but it also demeans the managers
whom these professionals support.

Today is no longer called "Secretary's Day." It is now known as Administrative
Professionals Day and has been observed since 1952 as a way for businesses to
promote professional excellence and recognize office staff for their workplace
contributions. Administrative professionals today have become the information
managers of the office, handling responsibilities ranging from integrating
software applications and desktop publishing to project management and meeting
facilitation.

The International Association of Administrative Professionals and many of its
700 chapters hold various educational and networking events during this week.
Administrative professionals comprise a wide range of office staff and hold
titles such as administrative assistant, information co-ordinator, executive
secretary, office manager, communications co-ordinator and so on.

Please, Ann, tell your readers about the importance of Administrative
Professionals Week. Today's office staff demonstrates expanded skills and
knowledge, and they deserve to be recognized for their talent and hard work. --
Linda Hall, CPS, President, IAAP, San Jose, Calif., Chapter

Dear Linda Hall: Thank you for your gentle comeuppance. Why I Fired My Secretary
is one of the more popular pieces I have printed, and my readers frequently ask
me to repeat it. I doubt that anyone believes it reflects an authentic
boss-secretary situation.

However, you are right to point out that today's office staff is tremendously
important. Few employers could manage without the dedication and expertise of
the administrative professionals who support and maintain their offices. On
behalf of all of them, I applaud your efforts to recognize their hard work.

Readers may write to Ann Landers, c/o The Journal, Marketing Dept., Box 2421,
Edmonton, T5J 2S6.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Column

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              135 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                              May 15, 2006 Monday

Editorial demeans Christians

LENGTH: 89 words


For time immemorial, the Christian cross has been the symbol of Christianity.
That cross, with three equal upper arms and a descending arm of twice their
length, represents the death and resurrection of Jesus Christ.

For the Deseret Morning News (May 13) to suggest that the Christian cross is no
longer sacred and is now secular is to degrade that symbol. To suggest it is now
in the same class as a Christmas tree or the avoidance of the number "13" is to
demean those who revere the Christian cross. Brian M. Barnard Salt Lake City

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              136 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 17, 1994, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Beyond Super Mario

SECTION: Section 7;  Page 31;  Column 3;  Book Review Desk

LENGTH: 276 words


To the Editor:

I don't agree with Bernard Sharratt's caveat, in his otherwise thoughtful review
of "Microsoft Art Gallery: The Collection of the National Gallery, London"
(March 6), that children might not want to attend art galleries because they
would find them disappointing after hyperspace or that they would find all art
reduced to cultural information. The great popular dissemination of art books
and classical records in postwar America did not demean art and music, but
created larger audiences for them. The CD-ROM disk speaks to the masses of
children who are already interactive computer literati and opens up a world for
them that is different from the Super Mario game world to which most of them are
already addicted. The most highly motivated children will want to go to the
National Gallery after using the CD-ROM anyway. They can use the disk to do
papers in high school and college. The least motivated and least able to visit
the world of cultural treasures will have an access, through their school CD-ROM
equipment, that they never had before.

By making the Bible available, Gutenberg did not demean the Good Book. This is
an information revolution on an epoch-making scale and is to be welcomed. At the
dawn of the age of television, one might well have made the comment that one
preferred theater, and that might have been true; but, after all, it was
irrelevant because television was here to stay. The same is true for CD-ROM. We
can only applaud those who use it for the highest ends rather than solely for
X-rated thrills in cyberspace, a use that is already well under way.

DIANE WOLFF
Port Charlotte, Fla.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              137 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             May 12, 1994, Thursday

Legal defense fund may demean presidency itself

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section A; Page 12

LENGTH: 358 words


THE PRESIDENT FACES an ethics dilemma in the face of the lawsuit filed against
him for alleged sexual misconduct. But he should not take any action that would
tarnish the office of the presidency itself. It's impossible to totally separate
any president from the dignity and respect in which we hold the office. After
all, the president is commander in chief and leader of the Free World. That's
why it pains us to see the character of any president at issue.

Now, we are also faced with the demeaning question of how a president who is not
independently wealthy will pay legal defense fees likely to gobble up more than
his annual $ 200,000 salary.

Despite the dilemma, we oppose allowing public officials to create special funds
to pay for the legal defense of their personal actions. Which of us can do the
same? We think there are several options the president should reject in order
not to set a precedent that could tarnish and demean the office of the
presidency:

He should not consider constitutional immunity as a defense. Watergate confirmed
an important principle that should apply here as well - in our democracy, no one
is above the law.

If he sets up a fund, he should reject outright the idea of keeping the names of
the donors secret.

He should, at a minimum, embrace the spirit of the important amendment to a
political reform measure likely to be approved by the Senate this week. It would
outlaw individual lobbyist or PAC contributions to the legal defense fund of
anyone in Congress or the executive branch.

While it is also an unhealthy situation for the president to be indebted to a
law firm, we think it is worse for him to be indebted to influence peddlers. One
suggestion is that the Democratic Party pick up some of the tab. That avenue, at
least, would remove the fund from the presidency.

All of the agonizing over defense fund options leads us back to our original
principle. The president ought not to create such a fund. More important than
the possibility of long-term debt, politics or high office is personal
integrity. And more important yet is preserving the integrity of the presidency
itself.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH941330097

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              138 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                              June 25, 2010 Friday
                                   E1 Edition

Excluded from SA's elite club of victims;
Mean-spirited comment to UN Human Rights Council echoes African countries'
homophobia

SECTION: Pg. 18

LENGTH: 702 words


South Africa's ambassador to the UN in Geneva, Jerry Matjila, made a most
revealing statement to the UN Human Rights Council on Youth Day, June 16.

The council was discussing a report of the Special Rapporteur on Racism, Githu
Muigai from Kenya, in which he stated that "the identity of each individual is
made up of a multitude of components, such as gender, age, nationality,
profession, sexual orientation, political opinion, religious affiliation and
social origin".

Later in the debate Matjila responded: "The Special Rapporteur seems to suggest
that sexual orientation is a grounds for racism, racial discrimination,
xenophobia and related intolerance.

"This approach demeans the legitimate plight of the victims of racism and shifts
the focus."

Matjila added that at the World Conference against Racism, Racial
Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance in 2001, "the victims of
scourges" had been clearly identified "after difficult and prolonged
negotiations" and clearly listed in the Durban Declaration and Programme of
Action (DDPA). Sexual orientation was not among them.

"South Africa disagrees with the inclusion of victims, implicitly or explicitly,
other than those listed in the DDPA," Matjila said.

Gay rights activists have expressed dismay at these "offensive" remarks. "No one
advancing equality and non-discrimination in a truly inclusive manner would ever
suggest that recognising one group 'demeans' another," one said.

Matjila evidently esteems the DDPA above his own country's constitution, which
clearly protects gay people against discrimination, as the Constitutional Court
has confirmed.

Was this statement deliberate or just thoughtless?

This is not the first time that a South African diplomat has left his
constitution in his pocket on the issue of sexual orientation.

South Africa's ambassador to the UN in New York, Dumisani Kumalo, refused to
support a French declaration in support of gay rights in 2007/08, apparently to
avoid offending fellow African governments, many of which are rabidly
homophobic.

Was Matjila motivated by the same concern? South Africa routinely votes en bloc
with other African and Arab states on the UN Human Rights Council - sometimes
thereby taking softer positions on human rights than it does in other
international bodies such as the UN General Assembly. The African-Arab bloc is
mostly opposed to gay rights, so perhaps Matjila was speaking "en bloc".

Yet even the DDPA did not explicitly exclude gay people from protection against
discrimination, though it did not explicitly include them either - because of
the strong views largely of the African-Arab bloc.

Paragraph 2 of the declaration was deliberately drafted in inclusive fashion to
embrace not only race, but also "discrimination based on other related grounds
such as sex, language, religion, political or other opinion, social origin,
property, birth or other status".

So Matjila could simply have said nothing. For an administration that has made a
big claim to be a champion of South Africa's domestic values and interests in
its foreign policy, this statement was especially strange.

The really interesting aspect of his statement, though, is what it reveals about
the psychology of victimhood.

One might have thought that being a victim of discrimination was something you
would want eventually to put behind you - after due redress, of course.

But Matjila's statement suggests that he sees victimhood as a kind of
privileged, exclusive status that must be protected from charlatans like gay
people, who want to gatecrash the club and thereby "demean" the genuine victims.

That is an extraordinarily narrow-minded and mean-spirited attitude.

By all means let us deny membership of the club to, say, not very bright
students crying intellectual discrimination because they are not given PhDs.

Or vertically challenged people suing for discrimination if they are not
included in the basketball team.

But gay people do not seem to be clamouring for positive discrimination, such as
affirmative action contracts, which might reduce the common pool available to
"genuine" victims.

They just don't want to be discriminated against, which they clearly often are.

How does that hurt the victims of racism?

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              139 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                              May 17, 2013 Friday

Lawyer wins restraining order against company over her dismissal

BYLINE: Mary Carolan

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 342 words


A derivatives lawyer with GE Financial Markets who made a complaint alleging
bullying and harassment by several senior managers has secured an interim High
Court order restraining her dismissal.

The "absolutely startling thing" is that Lorraine Morris has "no clue" why she
was dismissed, her counsel Richard Kean SC told Ms Justice Iseult O'Malley
yesterday. The procedure leading to her without warning dismissal was unfair and
flawed, he added.

The judge granted interim  orders, returnable to May 29th, restraining the
company  dismissing Ms Morris, purporting to terminate her employment contract.

Ms Morris, a mother of one of Sutton Park, Sutton  has sued the company over a
decision made last Monday, May 13th, dismissing her with three months paid
notice.

In an affidavit, Ms Morris said she is a derivatives lawyer with extensive
experience who is on the roll of solicitors in Ireland, England and Wales and a
member of the New York State Bar Association.

She took up employment with the company in September 2010 on the basis she was
being offered a secure, permanent and pensionable position and her employment
would not be terminated without good reason, she said.

Around July 2012, she reluctantly made a formal complaint under the company's
anti-bullying and harassment policy alleging she was subject by various named
individuals, including superiors, to a campaign of bullying and harassment
intended to undermine and demean her, she said.

Those individuals included Chinmay Trivedi, general manager of the defendant and
certain GE Corporate Treasury senior employees - Renuka Gupta, Valerie Nelson
and Peter Cooke, she said.

The alleged campaign against her was also clearly motivated by her decision, as
counsel, to distribute the company's anti-bullying policy to its leadership
team, she said. She also alleged an appraisal of her performance by her
superiors was unfair and a deliberate attempt to demean her. A fellow employee
had told her there was a concerted effort by certain individuals to manage her
out of the business, she said.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              140 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            July 14, 2004 Wednesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

BUSH GIVES RIGHT RSVP TO NAACP

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 744 words


You've been maligned as appealing to the "underside of American culture." You
and your political party "preach racial neutrality and practice racial
division." Your "idea of equal rights is the American flag and Confederate
swastika flying side by side."

You have "selected nominees from the Taliban wing of American politics, appeased
the wretched appetites of the extreme right wing and chosen cabinet officials
whose devotion to the Confederacy is nearly canine in its uncritical affection."

You have led your nation into a "war of occupation" that is based on "the crass
obstruction of the truth." Oh, and don't forget, you "want to write bigotry back
into the Constitution."

Let's face it, folks: If the chairman of an organization used his platform to
castigate you with that vehemence, would you make nice-nice? Not likely. Which
is why President Bush is this week conspicuous by his absence from the NAACP
convention in Philadelphia.

His foes say he has "dissed" the members and, by extension, all
African-Americans. Which is a libel. He is merely refusing to demean himself
with cheap favor-currying.

The quotes above come from speeches by NAACP Chairman Julian Bond, including an
address to the convention Sunday. Bond has hardly been ratcheting down the
rhetoric and is not alone among the NAACP hierarchy in being highly critical of
the President. He has every right to say, for example, that he was afraid Bush
would "announce he was going to repeal the 14th Amendment." But Bond & Co. then
must recognize that such over-the-top partisanship moves the NAACP a long way
from the mission of advancing the causes of civil rights and racial equality.

Bond's speech Sunday was nothing less than a call to dump Bush and elect Sen.
John Kerry over fundamental disagreements on issues as wide-ranging as tax
policy, the environment and the war in Iraq. Again, that's fine if the NAACP
desires to be a political advocacy organization along the stripes of Michael
Moore.

And Bush has every right to respond however he wants without being subjected to
holier-than-thou dudgeon. You don't demean someone and then expect him to show
up at your house with roses.

Said Bush the other day, "I would describe my relationship with the current
leadership [of the NAACP] as basically nonexistent." Which is the completely
justifiable reason his attendance at its convention is nonexistent.

Boys will be boys will be . . .

The guys who run Morgan Stanley dropped their machismo Monday to settle the
latest charges that Wall Street is a frat boy's paradise where success depends
on testosterone, not talent. The fellas went jelly-legged and coughed up $54
million as a jury - including eight women - filed into court to weigh whether
the firm had underpaid and refused to promote hundreds of female employees.

The settlement followed years of stonewalling, and Morgan Stanley refused in the
end to admit wrongdoing, as often happens when a financial giant writes a check
to clean up a mess. That's most unfortunate, because it's high time for Wall
Street executives to stop living in denial and recognize that they have not
exactly been welcoming to half the population. Ordering breast-shaped cakes and
conducting business in strip clubs can be off-putting, after all.

Bond seller Allison Schieffelin did a service by standing up to Morgan Stanley
in 2000 after she complained about being passed over for a promotion and wound
up fired. She won $12 million for herself, plus $40 million for perhaps hundreds
of other women and $2 million for anti-discrimination training. Morgan Stanley
will no doubt be changed for the better, but what about the rest of the
industry?

Case after case has revealed pernicious sexual discrimination. Male Smith Barney
staffers were charged with fondling women in a "Boom Boom Room." Merrill Lynch
paid out more than $100 million to hundreds of women. Gruntal & Co. forked over
$750,000 after women charged they were forced to run a gantlet of sexual taunts
and subjected to groping and demands for sex.

Such shenanigans are taking their toll. Women are becoming less of a presence on
Wall Street. According to the Securities Industry Association, women made up 37%
of the workforce in 2003 - down from 43% in 1999. During the same time, the
percentage of management positions filled by women declined from a paltry 21% to
17%.

For those numbers to start coming up, Wall Street's bad boys must figure out
that brokerage houses are not just for male bonding.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Daily News, L.P.


                              141 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              June 8, 2007 Friday
                                 THIRD EDITION

LETTERS FROM READERS

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. C8

LENGTH: 1577 words


Take the train: Slow or fast, it's the right answer now

One recent day, I collapsed into a business-class seat as the train left St.
Louis for Chicago in mid-afternoon. What a hectic day it had been. There is no
way I could have driven all those miles, especially with rainy weather, exhaust
odors, pokey traffic at both ends and dodging the roaring danger in between.
Fly? I wasn't up to the hassles of queues, frisking, squeezing, no food, no
elbow room, fuel odors and getting downtown once I reached Chicago. On the
train, I had a meal, pulled out a book, was lulled to sleep and awoke in Joliet
to wake up at my own pace as I watched the suburbs go by. Upon arrival. I was
fresh for my late-evening appointment.

In view of the above, I disagree with the guest editorial "Magic bullet is
blank" (May 31). I also disagree with it because driving is a personal rather
than a public form of transportation and because air travel is not affordable
for carriers or passengers unless large cities and significant distances are
involved.

I do agree with the editorial about rail transportation being environmentally
friendly, well-proven in other parts of the world and more needed than ever in
view of gas prices, threats to oil supplies, congested highway and air travel,
etc. But why insist that we have two-hour train trips between our Midwestern
cities or none at all? The editorial demeans ethanol in favor of hydrogen as
fuel, but we cannot wait. Unlike hydrogen-powered vehicles, very fast trains
already exist, as the editorial observes. But let's not demean rail travel until
bullet trains reach America. We need every environmentally friendly,
congestion-reducing option we can implement now. We should aim high, but we must
act in the meantime.

James Pakala | Manchester

Picking on old folks

Regarding "Man, 75, gets three-year sentence in fatal DWI wreck" (June 2): When
is the Post-Dispatch going to stop picking on the elderly? Every time something
happens and an elderly person is involved, his age makes the headline. Any fatal
accident is a tragedy, and the person who committed this crime should be
punished no matter what his age. But only when it's an elderly person does the
age make the headline. The largest percentage of fatal accidents are caused by
20- to 30-year-old drivers.

Let us be fair to all people. Either publish everyone's age or no one's. Picking
on any one group of people is called discrimination in this country.

Dolores L. Roberts | O'Fallon, Mo.

Investigate investigators

The article "Shannon's is cleared, but questions cloud inquiry" (June 1) raises
more questions than were uncovered by the purported investigation - apparently,
a rush to find a positive outcome to a sad situation. Pete Lobdell, the head of
the Missouri Division of Alcohol and Tobacco Control, called a press conference
to announce the findings. Why have a press conference before the inquiry is
concluded? Only a few witnesses were interviewed. The governor should talk with
Mr. Lobdell and check his credentials. The Missouri liquor officials have lost
their credibility as investigators after this rush to a conclusion.

Missouri does not need the Alcohol and Tobacco Control Division in an
investigative capacity. In all probability, this assignment should have gone to
professionals and not politicians. The Missouri Highway Patrol should complete
this investigation. Then it should investigate the investigators.

James O. Stever | Greenville, Ill.

Go Gemi-river-knights

The change in mascot names at the University of Missouri-St. Louis is
interesting. Mudcats replaces Rivermen. It never is easy to decide a mascot name
that is representative of the school and that conveys an aggressive, winning
attitude.

As a member of the second graduating class of UMSL, I recall how difficult it
was to name the campus and the mascot. In the years 1965 and 1966, as the campus
was changing from the Normandy Residence Center to a new member of the
University of Missouri system, several names for the campus were suggested: MIT
(Mizzou in Town), MUSL (Missouri University in St. Louis), SLUM (St. Louis
campus, University of Missouri). Fortunately, none of these was chosen. As for
mascot nam®es, the earliest was Cubs because the basketball team wore out-dated
uniforms from the Tigers teams of the Columbia campus. To address a name that
evoked a St. Louis identity, student committees formulated the following three
mascot names: Geminis, for the Gemini space capsule being built at the McDonnell
facility nearby; Rivermen, for the St. Louis steamboat river history and the
proximity of the campus to two major inland waterways; and Knights, to honor St.
Louis' knighted namesake, French King Louis IX. None of these names met with
thunderous applause, and the student committee then proposed the hybrid
Gemi-river-knights to resolve the controversy. Fortunately, someone in the
administration voted that one down, too, and Rivermen came to be.

Mudcats? It could be worse!

Stephen Webb | Bel-Nor

Step backward

As a citizen, the father of a daughter and a grandfather to two granddaughters,
I am appalled by the Supreme Court's terrible decision in Ledbetter v. Goodyear.
The narrow interpretation, as authored by Justice Antonin Scalia, of a deadline
of 180 days to file a complaint under the statute of limitations is a leap
backward for equal pay for equal work protection to women across the nation.
Especially since the decision doesn't allow for filing from the time of
"discovery of an injury (i.e. discrimination)." Bear in mind, too, that this
ruling could be a precedent for questions of race, religious belief and national
origin, not just gender.

In many corporations, salaries and compensation are considered confidential.
Many firms may punish or fire employees for sharing or inquiring about such
things. How could a reasonable person possibly argue that in such a secretive
environment an employee could discover concrete evidence within six months of
the first pay discrepancy against her?

Both parties in Congress should race to repair this injustice immediately with
clear and plain language immune to such mental gymnastics as Justice Scalia's.
To paraphrase former President Ronald Reagan: "Tear out this (plexi-) glass
ceiling, members of Congress!"

Rich Stanton | Shrewsbury

Talking like a pro

On June 1, I heard that President George W. Bush's right-hand man, Dan Bartlett,
announced his resignation. It was reported that he has worked with Mr. Bush for
14 years, since he was 22 years old. I heard he wanted to help out at home with
his three young children. Is that really his reason for quitting? Are there
other reasons? Can't handle the stress? The war? The economy? The president?

I figured that on June 2, I would find out more. I got the Post-Dispatch, and
there on the front page was a huge color picture of a skateboarding legend Tony
Hawk. Wow! It said that he did a benefit show for St. Louis Children's Hospital.
Well, that's good. But when I read the story on this "legend" ("At 39, Hawk's
still soaring - and cool"), there was not one mention of the hospital benefit.
That would have been the part of the story that interested me, but no such luck.

I searched page by page for the story about Mr. Bartlett. There it was, on page
22 in the digest "blurbs." I was very disappointed that I couldn't find out more
about this important news. But next time I run into a skateboarding kid
(hopefully not literally), I can talk about Mr. Hawk like a pro.

Maureen Canova-Potts | University City

Keeping America safe

Regarding "4 charged in alleged plot to blow up JFK airport" (June 3): One can
logically conclude that President George W. Bush's proactive and broad
surveillance of financial transactions is one of the reasons there has not been
another Sept. 11-type terrorist attack on our country. It is not, as some
contend, pure luck. As the noise level increases concerning so-called "privacy"
issues, "wiretap authorization" issues, "legality" issues, "profiling" issues,
ad nauseam, we can conclude that the safety of our country also is increasing
because of Mr. Bush's hands-on approach.

Bill Momeno | St. Charles

Gangs but not gays

Now I've heard it all. Our government has dropped its standards for recruiting
people into the military. Desperation in getting "qualified" people to sign up
is weakening our armed forces. We just can't find enough enlistees. The
solution? Well, just lower the entry requirements, of course! No longer is a
high school diploma required. We don't care if you have robbed or beaten someone
and are a convicted felon. Come on in!

Don't ask: about my criminal record. Don't tell: my fellow soldiers I'm a
convicted thief.

But by God, don't dare to "let in" an upstanding gay guy or gal with no criminal
record who wants to serve his or her country. That would cause dissent among the
troops.

We are very willing to allow someone without a moral compass to join up and
serve next to your son or daughter. Makes sense to me! Doesn't it to you?

Robert Boevingloh | Sullivan, Mo.

He got Libby'd

New phrase: To be Libby'd. Definition: To be indicted on politically motivated,
trumped-up charges and be convicted by a jury of your "peers" in Washington,
D.C.; used by Democrats to gain political advantage; will work only for
Democrats because they not only have the mainstream media supporting them but
actively participating in the political lynching; also is an example of the
media's lying and dishonesty.

Hal Wehrman | Manchester

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  YOUR VIEWS OPINION

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              142 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 29, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Princeton Open Campus Coalition Seeks to Revive \x91Interpersonal
and Intellectual Health' at Old Nassau

LENGTH: 949 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Foundation for Individual Rights in Education has issued the
following news release:



 I have written on numerous occasions over the years about the state of free
speech at my alma mater, Princeton University.



 During my own years at Princeton (I graduated in 1999, which suddenly sounds a
lot longer ago than it used to!), I found the climate for free speech to be
generally supportive. Over those four years, I learned and grew a great deal
from the many in-depth, no-holds-barred conversations I had with my diverse
group of friends at the university. It was an experience that helped instill in
me the belief that unfettered free speech is critical to the mission of any
university.





 Unfortunately, despite my own positive experience, not all is well for free
speech at Princeton. There have been some high notes recently, most notably a
successful faculty-led effort to adopt a version of the University of Chicago's
statement on free expression. But as is the case around the country, there has
also been hostility towards free speech expressed by Princeton students (you can
read here about my own disheartening experience speaking on a panel there last
year).



 And throughout it all, Princeton has maintained policies that impermissibly
restrict students' right to free speech on campus.



 FIRE has expressed its concerns with these policies for many years, but the
administration has remained defensive. When I wrote to then-President Shirley
Tilghman most recently in 2011, she defended Princeton's policies, noting that
they were "designed to protect the dignity and respect of each member of the
community," and that no one had expressed "concerns or complaints" about their
ability to speak freely on campus. But of course, this is precisely the nature
of the chilling effect of speech codes--you can't know whose speech is affected,
because many people simply stay quiet.



 Now, a student group called the Princeton Open Campus Coalition (POCC) has
joined the fight for speech code reform at Princeton. The POCC was formed last
fall in the wake of student protests on campus. In an open letter to this year's
entering class, the POCC referenced those protests and described itself as
follows:



     Throughout the ordeal, we discovered how harmful the protest had been to
interpersonal and intellectual health on campus. Students who approached the
protesters with honest questions were mocked and shooed away. Most students
feared disagreeing with the protest in public, lest they be branded racists or
otherwise slandered in front of classmates. We formed POCC to give students an
equal opportunity to be heard in a sustainable campus climate, without shutting
down controversial ideas or unpopular discussions. We believe in an open campus,
where we can listen to and challenge even the most uncomfortable ideas, judging
them against our best ideas in a supportive communal environment.



 On Monday, the POCC called on Princeton to revise its speech codes and earn a
"green light" rating from FIRE. The POCC specifically cited Princeton's ban on
verbal conduct that "demeans, intimidates, threatens, or injures another because
of personal characteristics or beliefs or their expression," stating that



     The term "demeans" is inherently subjective and grants a heckler's veto to
those who *feel* demeaned (i.e. offended) by someone's verbal actions. It is
especially worrisome that the policy prohibits demeaning statements based on the
expression of personal beliefs. For instance, repeatedly calling a supporter of
segregation a "bigot"--certainly a demeaning term--may violate the policy even
though the label is surely warranted.



 They are absolutely right on this point. In addition to that policy, Princeton
also maintains two other policies that earn a red light rating from FIRE. First,
the university prohibits not only sexual harassment but also a vague category of
conduct it calls "Inappropriate Conduct Related to Sex, Gender Identity, or
Gender Expression." This provision bans "unwelcome conduct" that may not rise to
the level of sexual harassment, such as "comments" that are "sexually
offensive." But if those comments do not rise to the level of severity and
pervasiveness necessary to constitute sexual harassment, they are protected
speech--which Princeton, having squarely committed itself to the protection of
free expression, must allow.



 Princeton's information technology usage policy, meanwhile, bans the
transmission of "inappropriate images, sounds or messages that are clearly
threatening, hostile, or harassing." While the prohibitions on threats and
harassment are fine, the ban on "hostile" messages is not. The university may
have been trying to get at conduct that creates a hostile environment (which,
incidentally, is already covered under the ban on harassment), but the effect of
a total ban on "hostile" messages is to give the university discretion to punish
any angry or uncivil communications sent electronically. And given the volume of
student speech and debate that takes place online, the impact of this
restriction is potentially quite significant.



 FIRE wholeheartedly supports the POCC's call for speech code reform at
Princeton. While the administration has not been receptive to these calls in the
past, perhaps there is reason to be hopeful in light of the university's recent
adoption of the Chicago Statement, which provides a renewed opportunity for the
university to deepen its commitment to free speech. We would of course be happy
to work with the administration on the necessary changes.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              143 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

Washington: Princeton Open Campus Coalition Seeks to Revive \x91Interpersonal
and Intellectual Health' at Old Nassau

LENGTH: 928 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Foundation for Individual Rights in Education has issued the
following news release:



 During my own years at Princeton (I graduated in 1999, which suddenly sounds a
lot longer ago than it used to!), I found the climate for free speech to be
generally supportive. Over those four years, I learned and grew a great deal
from the many in-depth, no-holds-barred conversations I had with my diverse
group of friends at the university. It was an experience that helped instill in
me the belief that unfettered free speech is critical to the mission of any
university.





 Unfortunately, despite my own positive experience, not all is well for free
speech at Princeton. There have been some high notes recently, most notably a
successful faculty-led effort to adopt a version of the University of Chicago's
statement on free expression. But as is the case around the country, there has
also been hostility towards free speech expressed by Princeton students (you can
read here about my own disheartening experience speaking on a panel there last
year).



 And throughout it all, Princeton has maintained policies that impermissibly
restrict students' right to free speech on campus.



 FIRE has expressed its concerns with these policies for many years, but the
administration has remained defensive. When I wrote to then-President Shirley
Tilghman most recently in 2011, she defended Princeton's policies, noting that
they were "designed to protect the dignity and respect of each member of the
community," and that no one had expressed "concerns or complaints" about their
ability to speak freely on campus. But of course, this is precisely the nature
of the chilling effect of speech codes--you can't know whose speech is affected,
because many people simply stay quiet.



 Now, a student group called the Princeton Open Campus Coalition (POCC) has
joined the fight for speech code reform at Princeton. The POCC was formed last
fall in the wake of student protests on campus. In an open letter to this year's
entering class, the POCC referenced those protests and described itself as
follows:



     Throughout the ordeal, we discovered how harmful the protest had been to
interpersonal and intellectual health on campus. Students who approached the
protesters with honest questions were mocked and shooed away. Most students
feared disagreeing with the protest in public, lest they be branded racists or
otherwise slandered in front of classmates. We formed POCC to give students an
equal opportunity to be heard in a sustainable campus climate, without shutting
down controversial ideas or unpopular discussions. We believe in an open campus,
where we can listen to and challenge even the most uncomfortable ideas, judging
them against our best ideas in a supportive communal environment.



 On Monday, the POCC called on Princeton to revise its speech codes and earn a
"green light" rating from FIRE. The POCC specifically cited Princeton's ban on
verbal conduct that "demeans, intimidates, threatens, or injures another because
of personal characteristics or beliefs or their expression," stating that



     The term "demeans" is inherently subjective and grants a heckler's veto to
those who *feel* demeaned (i.e. offended) by someone's verbal actions. It is
especially worrisome that the policy prohibits demeaning statements based on the
expression of personal beliefs. For instance, repeatedly calling a supporter of
segregation a "bigot"--certainly a demeaning term--may violate the policy even
though the label is surely warranted.



 They are absolutely right on this point. In addition to that policy, Princeton
also maintains two other policies that earn a red light rating from FIRE. First,
the university prohibits not only sexual harassment but also a vague category of
conduct it calls "Inappropriate Conduct Related to Sex, Gender Identity, or
Gender Expression." This provision bans "unwelcome conduct" that may not rise to
the level of sexual harassment, such as "comments" that are "sexually
offensive." But if those comments do not rise to the level of severity and
pervasiveness necessary to constitute sexual harassment, they are protected
speech--which Princeton, having squarely committed itself to the protection of
free expression, must allow.



 Princeton's information technology usage policy, meanwhile, bans the
transmission of "inappropriate images, sounds or messages that are clearly
threatening, hostile, or harassing." While the prohibitions on threats and
harassment are fine, the ban on "hostile" messages is not. The university may
have been trying to get at conduct that creates a hostile environment (which,
incidentally, is already covered under the ban on harassment), but the effect of
a total ban on "hostile" messages is to give the university discretion to punish
any angry or uncivil communications sent electronically. And given the volume of
student speech and debate that takes place online, the impact of this
restriction is potentially quite significant.



 FIRE wholeheartedly supports the POCC's call for speech code reform at
Princeton. While the administration has not been receptive to these calls in the
past, perhaps there is reason to be hopeful in light of the university's recent
adoption of the Chicago Statement, which provides a renewed opportunity for the
university to deepen its commitment to free speech. We would of course be happy
to work with the administration on the necessary changes.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              144 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Princeton Open Campus Coalition Seeks to Revive \x91Interpersonal
and Intellectual Health' at Old Nassau

LENGTH: 949 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Foundation for Individual Rights in Education has issued the
following news release:



 I have written on numerous occasions over the years about the state of free
speech at my alma mater, Princeton University.



 During my own years at Princeton (I graduated in 1999, which suddenly sounds a
lot longer ago than it used to!), I found the climate for free speech to be
generally supportive. Over those four years, I learned and grew a great deal
from the many in-depth, no-holds-barred conversations I had with my diverse
group of friends at the university. It was an experience that helped instill in
me the belief that unfettered free speech is critical to the mission of any
university.





 Unfortunately, despite my own positive experience, not all is well for free
speech at Princeton. There have been some high notes recently, most notably a
successful faculty-led effort to adopt a version of the University of Chicago's
statement on free expression. But as is the case around the country, there has
also been hostility towards free speech expressed by Princeton students (you can
read here about my own disheartening experience speaking on a panel there last
year).



 And throughout it all, Princeton has maintained policies that impermissibly
restrict students' right to free speech on campus.



 FIRE has expressed its concerns with these policies for many years, but the
administration has remained defensive. When I wrote to then-President Shirley
Tilghman most recently in 2011, she defended Princeton's policies, noting that
they were "designed to protect the dignity and respect of each member of the
community," and that no one had expressed "concerns or complaints" about their
ability to speak freely on campus. But of course, this is precisely the nature
of the chilling effect of speech codes--you can't know whose speech is affected,
because many people simply stay quiet.



 Now, a student group called the Princeton Open Campus Coalition (POCC) has
joined the fight for speech code reform at Princeton. The POCC was formed last
fall in the wake of student protests on campus. In an open letter to this year's
entering class, the POCC referenced those protests and described itself as
follows:



     Throughout the ordeal, we discovered how harmful the protest had been to
interpersonal and intellectual health on campus. Students who approached the
protesters with honest questions were mocked and shooed away. Most students
feared disagreeing with the protest in public, lest they be branded racists or
otherwise slandered in front of classmates. We formed POCC to give students an
equal opportunity to be heard in a sustainable campus climate, without shutting
down controversial ideas or unpopular discussions. We believe in an open campus,
where we can listen to and challenge even the most uncomfortable ideas, judging
them against our best ideas in a supportive communal environment.



 On Monday, the POCC called on Princeton to revise its speech codes and earn a
"green light" rating from FIRE. The POCC specifically cited Princeton's ban on
verbal conduct that "demeans, intimidates, threatens, or injures another because
of personal characteristics or beliefs or their expression," stating that



     The term "demeans" is inherently subjective and grants a heckler's veto to
those who *feel* demeaned (i.e. offended) by someone's verbal actions. It is
especially worrisome that the policy prohibits demeaning statements based on the
expression of personal beliefs. For instance, repeatedly calling a supporter of
segregation a "bigot"--certainly a demeaning term--may violate the policy even
though the label is surely warranted.



 They are absolutely right on this point. In addition to that policy, Princeton
also maintains two other policies that earn a red light rating from FIRE. First,
the university prohibits not only sexual harassment but also a vague category of
conduct it calls "Inappropriate Conduct Related to Sex, Gender Identity, or
Gender Expression." This provision bans "unwelcome conduct" that may not rise to
the level of sexual harassment, such as "comments" that are "sexually
offensive." But if those comments do not rise to the level of severity and
pervasiveness necessary to constitute sexual harassment, they are protected
speech--which Princeton, having squarely committed itself to the protection of
free expression, must allow.



 Princeton's information technology usage policy, meanwhile, bans the
transmission of "inappropriate images, sounds or messages that are clearly
threatening, hostile, or harassing." While the prohibitions on threats and
harassment are fine, the ban on "hostile" messages is not. The university may
have been trying to get at conduct that creates a hostile environment (which,
incidentally, is already covered under the ban on harassment), but the effect of
a total ban on "hostile" messages is to give the university discretion to punish
any angry or uncivil communications sent electronically. And given the volume of
student speech and debate that takes place online, the impact of this
restriction is potentially quite significant.



 FIRE wholeheartedly supports the POCC's call for speech code reform at
Princeton. While the administration has not been receptive to these calls in the
past, perhaps there is reason to be hopeful in light of the university's recent
adoption of the Chicago Statement, which provides a renewed opportunity for the
university to deepen its commitment to free speech. We would of course be happy
to work with the administration on the necessary changes.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              145 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              April 6, 2008 Sunday

'SEX AND THE SLUTTY' BLOWUP

BYLINE: Philip Recchia

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 187 words


Sarah Jessica Parker is the unwitting inspiration for a new X-rated blowup doll
whose packaging uses a look-alike model and references to Parker's character,
Carrie Bradshaw, in the hit HBO show "Sex and the City."

Plastered on the box is a picture of a wavy-haired model in a sequin minidress
holding a cosmopolitan. The labeling is in the same font as the "Sex and the
City" typography.

The doll retails online for about $20 and is the latest in a line of celebrity
blowups from Pipedream Products.

The Chatsworth, Calif., sex-toy company's Web site touts the doll with mock
laudatory newspaper reviews, like this one from "USGay Today": "From laptops to
lap dances, this high-class piece of a - - is gonna show you her Lower East
Side!"

"I would think HBO would make an effort to stop this on the basis of trademark
infringement," Brian Brokate, a Manhattan intellectual-property attorney, told
The Post.

"The courts don't look kindly on this type of thing, which demeans the show and
tarnishes the star's image," he added.

"Sex and the City: The Movie," starring Parker, 43, is due in theaters next
months.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SARAH JESSICA PARKER Doll "demeans" her.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              146 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                              July 3, 2009 Friday
                                 ONLINE EDITION

Punt, pass and pose

SECTION: BLOGS; Sports Ink

LENGTH: 90 words


News Sports Reporter Anna Kim profiles Wheatfield's Krystal Gray, a quarterback
for the New York Majesty in the Lingerie Football League, in Friday's Buffalo
News.

This league kicks off a 22-game regular season in September, featuring
seven-on-seven contact football between women dressed in bikini tops and shorts.

There's even talk of a team finding a home in Buffalo.

[Poll: What do you make of this?

Ladies Lingerie Football

I would support a team in Buffalo

This demeans football

I would watch it

What will they think of next?

This demeans women]

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Blog

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              147 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            January 13, 2017 Friday
                                   1 Edition

Women's group plans braids across border

BYLINE: By, María Cortés González

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 706 words


On the same morning that President-elect Donald Trump will be inaugurated, 50
women from El Paso and Juárez will stand united along the Paso del Norte Bridge.

The women, part of the Boundless Across Borders organization, will follow up
with a march Jan. 21 in El Paso as part of a national mobilization of women that
day.

According to the website womensmarch.com, a march in Washington, D.C., that day
is meant to send a message to the new government on its first day in office that
women's rights are human rights.

"We are deeply bonded with our sister city and as women we want to honor that
bond. On Jan. 20 at 7 a.m. as the presidential inauguration is under way, 50
women from both sides of the border will join one another at the El Paso
international bridge for braiding borders in response to the dangerous rhetoric
of the recent election," Sandra Paola Lopez said Thursday at Armijo Park, 705 E.
Seventh Ave.

The women, standing in pairs, plan to stand back to back and braid their hair or
scarves together and stand with hands linked together in silence until 9 a.m.

Xochitl R. Nicholson, one of the organizers, said the group is about a month old
but individually the women who make up the group have been concerned about
issues that demean women and their value a lot longer.

While he was running for office, Trump offended many in the Latin community by
saying that Mexico sent only its worst: criminals and rapists.

"I think when all the divisive rhetoric began to come in the national spotlight,
it resonated strongly with all of us and sort of put us on defense in more way
than one, not just as women but as mothers, as a person of color, as a woman who
works and take cares of her daughter," Nicholson said.

She added, "More than anything, it was just a spark to ignite a fire that was
already burning pretty strongly."

Nicholson said she believes the El Paso community is a good example of one that
is inclusive.

"It's not so much a battle, just a reminder that we need each other. ... We're
not convincing anybody of what's right, necessarily. It's more just reminding
people of what this community has stood for for a long time," she said.

In response to Trump's anti-immigrant sentiments, Lopez pointed out the
contributions of immigrants to the United States.

"Companies such as Google, eBay, Yahoo and Intel were started by immigrants. In
2011, 75 percent of all patents issued by the 10 top patent-producing
universities were to foreign-born inventors," she said. "The contributions of
immigrants throughout the history of the United States is broad and diverse."

Organizers said the women's march is inclusive and is open to people of all
walks of life and sexual orientation.

It will meet at Armijo Park in the Segundo Barrio and will end at San Jacinto
Plaza.

Nicholson said the march should be a historic moment in the lives of many women.

"It's a loud and clear megaphone to anyone who thinks they can speak in a way
that demeans us or oppresses or makes a choice that is only ours to make," she
said.

Angie Reza Tures said the group plans to have other events that encourage
dialogue and learning from one another in the future.

"We plan to do this by creating art together, providing free workshops in public
spaces offering opportunities to interact with one another and linking the
community to valuable resources that empower them because this is our future,"
she said.

El Paso Independent School District board member Susie Byrd also stood with the
women, saying that people need to speak out against government-proposed policies
that can be harmful to the El Paso community.

"We need to build coalitions to speak against those policies and encourage
another way to our community. It's not just the policies, but the rhetoric that
surrounds the policies that are most alarming and we are concerned about that.
... If the way you start a conversation is that all Mexicans are rapists, we
have a real problem. I don't think any good policies come out of that," she
said.

María Cortés González may be reached at 546-6150;mcortes@elpasotimes.com;
@EPTMaria on Twitter.

Make plans

Who: Boundless Across Borders

What: Women's March on the Border

When: Noon to 2 p.m. Jan. 21

Where: Armijo Park, 705 E. Seventh St.

Information: 238-0529

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: elp


                          Copyright 2017 El Paso Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              148 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            December 1, 2009 Tuesday

Lashing out doesn't help college image

BYLINE: Dianne Williamson

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 719 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


COLUMN: DIANNE WILLIAMSON

For the latest example of smart people doing dumb things, we introduce the
senior vice president of the College of the Holy Cross.

Frank Vellaccio is no slouch in the academic world, but he needs some real-life
lessons in diplomacy and simple politeness. For starters, you don't criticize
and demean a hard-working city official after a meeting designed to placate city
residents. And it's never a bright idea to heighten tensions and hard feelings
just as your boss is trying to defuse them.

But that's what Mr. Vellaccio did Nov. 23, when he inexplicably lashed out at
District 4 City Councilor Barbara Haller after the college president held a
nice, friendly meeting for neighborhood residents who have complained for years
about rowdy behavior of drunken students. President Michael C. McFarland readily
acknowledged that partying is a "stubborn problem" at Holy Cross and at colleges
around the county, and he assured neighbors that he takes their complaints
seriously.

After the meeting, Mr. Vellaccio went off message. In what he later dubbed a
"private conversation" that was nonetheless heard by plenty of people milling
about, he called Ms. Haller a "travesty," said the City Council was ineffective
on a broad range of issues, and indicated that the city and police are picking
on Holy Cross kids.

While Mr. Vellaccio did not reveal a motive for the alleged profiling of
privileged white students on St. James Hill, he managed to shock the unflappable
Ms. Haller with his rudeness. More importantly, he may have provided a troubling
glimpse into the arrogant attitude of Holy Cross administrators as they continue
to grapple with town versus gown conflicts.

The school has subsequently released a flaccid statement saying that the senior
vice president of the college wasn't speaking as the senior vice president of
the college. The statement said that the VP was frustrated, but nowhere did it
call his rant inappropriate. Also: "We regret it if Councilor Haller, as a guest
of the college, was treated rudely."

If? I wasn't there, but I did speak with Mr. Vellaccio last week and he didn't
deny the confrontation. He also said he didn't regret it.

"It was based on the growing frustration I have with the ineffectiveness of the
City Council, and with the constant picking on and harping on Holy Cross rather
than the good these students do in the community," said Mr. Vellaccio, a 36-year
city resident. "I thought I did it in a respectful way."

I'm thinking he has a weird concept of respect, because moments before his
confrontation with Ms. Haller, Mr. Vellaccio approached the spokesman for the
College Hill Civic Association.

"He came up to me, very friendly, and introduced himself," Ron Chiras said
yesterday. "Then he said, `I just want you to know, I think you're useless,' and
he walked away."

City Manager Michael O'Brien, meanwhile, said Mr. Vellaccio owes Ms. Haller an
apology.

"Nothing good comes from a war of words, name calling and bashing," Mr. O'Brien
said. "There are real quality of life problems on College Hill. The
out-of-control student house parties are a general rule and completely
unacceptable. We look to the college to set an example, take the lead and an
active role."

But Mr. Vellaccio said that while he's sympathetic to the neighbors, 2,700
students attend Holy Cross and can't be "locked up" in their rooms.

"These are our sons and daughters, not an elite group of drunks," he said. "We
have the kind of situation here where people buy a house near the airport and
try to stop the planes from flying in and out. You can't point to them as some
sort of evil troop set out to destroy the neighborhood."

But the neighbors don't want the students locked up - they just want them to
shut up, so they can get some sleep.

Mr. Chiras said he told a college administrator about Mr. Vellaccio's comment
and was told that Mr. Vellaccio loves Holy Cross and that two of his kids went
there.

That's swell. But if he's truly trying to help his beloved school, he should
start by apologizing for his unprofessional tirade. And he should stop advancing
the growing perception that the college on the hill has its nose in the air, and
could care less about its neighbors down below.

Contact Dianne Williamson via e-mail at dwilliamson@telegram.com

NAME: WORCESTER CITY COUNCIL

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: For the latest example of smart people doing dumb things, we introduce
the senior vice president of the College of the Holy Cross. Frank Vellaccio is
no slouch in the academic world, but he needs some real-life lessons in
diplomacy and simple politeness. For starters, you don't criticize and demean a
hard-working city official after a meeting designed to placate city residents.
And it's never a bright idea to heighten tensions and hard feelings just as your
boss is trying to defuse them.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              149 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                              May 16, 2004 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Veterans And The Presidency

SECTION: COMMENTARY; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 1018 words


Cherry-Picking Opinions

Whose idea was it to write a front page story about the relevance to voters,
especially vets, of the military service of presidential candidates?

Two veterans that were profiled as supporting Sen. John Kerry because of his
military record are seemingly from a demographic that votes Democratic 90
percent of the time.

One of them was quoted as saying, "I think, in the long run, it's important that
the president be a veteran." I'm curious to know if this particular vet voted
for the first George Bush -- a genuine World War II hero -- in 1992 and Sen. Bob
Dole -- a genuine World War II hero -- in 1996? Or did his vote go with the 90
percent that voted for Bill Clinton, a genuine military avoider.

This cherry-picking of opinions seems like an attempt to make the opinions come
out 50/50. Why not just do a scientific poll of vets and see what the results
are?

ROBERT G. OMARK

Tampa

Cover Both Sides

Regarding "Candidates' Roles In Vietnam Era Attract Scrutiny From Voters" (Front
Page, May 10):

I was very disappointed to see this article on the front page of your newspaper,
or any part of your paper for that matter. This is just another liberal movement
to discredit the president. Before Brad Smith submitted his interview with
Charles Byrd, he should have asked him if he voted for draft-dodging Bill
Clinton.

I thank Byrd for his service to our country, but I would think he would not try
to discredit a man who truly loves his country in favor of one who threw away
his military medals -- or did not, depending on who he is speaking to -- and who
stood on the same stage with Jane Fonda, who most veterans consider to be a
traitor.

LAWRENCE STEPHANY

Largo

Leaders In Uniform

As a three-tours-of-duty combat Marine Vietnam veteran, I must take issue with
your recent article, "Candidates' Roles In Vietnam Era Attract Scrutiny From
Voters."

First, we honor all veterans who have served in uniform. However, your
contention that a commander-in-chief needs to have served in uniform in order to
send others to fight and die for their country is to demean the outstanding
leadership of President Franklin Roosevelt, who never served.

Your criticism of the president for serving in the National Guard demeans the
service of my two sons who have both completed tours of duty in the Iraq theater
as part of the Florida National Guard. Record re-enlistment rates in all
branches of the armed services attest to the current confidence in our
commander-in-chief by those who now serve in the global war on terrorism.

Veterans understand that America needs resolute leadership during a time of war.
We are fortunate to have always experienced that leadership when we needed it
whether it was during the Revolution, the Civil War, World War II or now.
History dictates that you should never change leadership during a time of War.
We need that leadership now more than ever.

W.M. LUCHINGER

Tampa

Kept At Home

Every day I see the letters that say this person went (to Vietnam), that person
didn't. I hope your readership is aware that not everyone goes and that it takes
many more troops in the rear to support whomever is at the front.

I spent more than 20 years in and retired from the military with four years in
the Air Force and more than 16 years in the Coast Guard. In my case I
volunteered for Air Force commando training in 1962 when John F. Kennedy was
beefing up forces for action in Southeast Asia (Laos).

I was turned down because I was in a critical career field, the now obsolete
GAM-77 "Hound Dog" nuclear missile.

I left the Air Force in 1963. I joined the Coast Guard some years later. In late
1971 or early 1972 I volunteered for any ship going to, or any unit in,
Southeast Asia. I was turned down because I was teaching electronics and my
assignment officer said we needed people qualified to train Coast Guardsmen more
than we needed everyone who volunteered to go.

My point is everyone doesn't go for whatever reason. And some who go don't have
the adventures they relate later.

Not only do I know this to be true of my generation and, although I have the
greatest respect for the "Greatest Generation" (my father was wounded several
times, decorated for valor, captured and spent time in Stalag IV-B in Germany),
I guarantee some of those who claim World War II heroics didn't go farther than
Fort Dix or the equivalent, either.

I know someone at the VA who, though he won't betray the confidence placed in
him, says a few of the folks who come into his office have told the war stories
so often they've become their truth, but that "truth" is not borne out by the VA
data base.

This letter is not to cast aspersion on any veteran anywhere but to inform the
public that some of us who wanted to go were told we could not. But we could
have and were available.

WAYNE HAYS

Hudson

Need New President

I disagree with those who believe that asking for Secretary of Defense
Rumsfeld's resignation is partisan. I think it is a way to begin restoring our
reputation as a great nation with high ideals.

As the front page reflected on May 10, many veterans with combat experience
believe that our president and the staff making military decisions need to be
veterans with combat experience in times of war. The only person in the current
administration who fits this description is Colin Powell. Unfortunately, he is
not in control of the war, has been left out of important decisions, and he may
not stay on. Our nation turned tragedy into a great opportunity after Sept. 11,
but we have failed in subduing terrorism. Sickening acts committed by our own
troops are now viewed by the entire world. We talked the talk of freedom and
justice, but we didn't walk the walk. The photographs seen around the world will
be used as recruiting posters for more terrorists.

The danger to our troops and our country has increased. Homeland insecurity has
resulted.

Nothing short of a new administration will restore our honor, credibility and
respect with other nations. It is sad, but I fear it is true.

SUE GRIDLEY

Lutz

Copyright © 2004, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: LETTERS

GRAPHIC: PHOTO 2
The Associated Press/John F. Kerry Office John Kerry seen in this 1960s photo
receives a military decoration during the Vietnam War. The Associated
Press/George Bush Presidential Library George W. Bush in the Texas Air National
Guard, 1968-73, in this undated photo.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2004 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              150 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                           November 23, 2002 Saturday

NHL levies fines for criticizing refs: Islanders and Panthers head coaches fined
for comments that 'demean' the game

SOURCE: Canadian Press

SECTION: Sports; Pg. G3

LENGTH: 223 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK

NEW YORK -- The NHL sent a strong message Friday: it will not tolerate head
coaches criticizing the work of referees.

Peter Laviolette of the New York Islanders was fined $10,000 and Florida
Panthers coach Mike Keenan $5,000 for comments critical of the officiating.

Laviolette was fined $5,000 for his comments after a game in Florida on
Wednesday night and another $5,000 for what he said following a game last Dec.
12. At the time, the NHL laid a conditional fine on Laviolette but said it
wouldn't collect the $5,000 as long as he didn't criticize the refs again for a
full year.

Keenan got in trouble after an overtime loss against the Atlanta Thrashers on
Tuesday night.

The game "was finished by the official, unfortunately," Keenan was quoted as
saying, referring to a holding penalty in overtime to Florida's Ivan Majesky.
"The thing that is almost more aggravating than that call was the non-call of
the direct knee on [Olli] Jokinen."

The NHL won't let coaches get away with it this year.

"Comments criticizing the performance of our on-ice officials violate the
constitution and by-laws of our league and demean our great game," Colin
Campbell, the NHL's executive vice-president and director of hockey operations,
said in handing down the fines. "Such behaviour will not be tolerated."

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Sports

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              151 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 1, 1984, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

REAGAN'S HOUSING SECRETARY ASSAILS RACIAL QUOTAS

BYLINE: By GERALD M. BOYD

SECTION: Section A; Page 17, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 616 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 29


The Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, Samuel R. Pierce Jr., today
sharply denounced racial quotas, saying that those who demanded such a remedy ''
demean those they are purported to help.''

The remarks by Mr. Pierce were in a speech prepared for delivery tonight before
the Allegheny County Republican Party in Pittsburgh. Signaling the importance
attached to the address, officials of the department released a copy of the text
here.

Racial quotas have been opposed by the Administration, a position that had
created sharp disagreement with minority and civil rights groups. For the most
part, the Administration's posture has been offered through statements made by
President Reagan and officials in the Justice Department and Civil Rights
Commission.

Mr. Pierce, the Administration's highest-ranking black official, has been
largely silent on the issue of quotas. Officials in his department said Mr.
Pierce had written much of the address himself, and he had informed the White
House of the speech's contents early today.

Cites Affirmative Action


Mr. Pierce said the Administration, instead of supporting racial quotas calling
for numerical percentages, favored the use of affirmative action for those
disadvantaged by race, sex or in other ways.

Mr. Pierce, assailing critics of that approach, said: ''Those who demand a fixed
racial quota system demean those they purport to help. For what they are saying
is that minority citizens can't make it on their own.

''To our opponents, affirmative action means the creating of more racial
barriers. To us, affirmative action means the realization that black people,
like white people, don't want a crutch. Instead, they want an equal chance at
the starting line - so that each one of us, by ourselves, black or white, can
determine the finish line.''

Polls show broad resentment by blacks of Administration policies, but Mr. Pierce
said the Administration had ''tried to heal, not inflame.'' He said that had
meant the Government ''acting on behalf of, not against, the interest of its
people.''

'Opponents Don't Understand'


''Sadly, our opponents don't understand all this,'' he said. ''They feel, they
honestly think, that to help some Americans, you must hurt other Americans.''

In an attempt to draw a distinction between the Administration and the
Democratic Party, Mr. Pierce said every Democratic candidate now seeking the
party's Presidential nomination favored the use of quotas.

Although several White House officials said Mr. Pierce had informed them of the
prepared remarks, they said the speech did not represent an attempt by the
President's re-election campaign to create a more active election role for the
Secretary. To their knowledge, they said, Mr. Pierce had decided to deliver the
attack himself.

Court Action Threatened


WASHINGTON, Feb. 29 (UPI) - Representative Barney Frank, Democrat of
Massachusetts, briefly threatened today to go to court to force the chairman of
the Equal Opportunity Commission, Clarence Thomas, to testify on sex-based wage
discrimination.

Mr. Frank made the threat because Mr. Thomas bowed out of a planned appearance
before the Government Operations Subcommittee on Manpower and Housing.

''Apparently,'' said Mr. Frank, the chairman thinks the commission's policy ''is
indefensible.''

Mr. Thomas sent the panel his prepared testimony.

After the hearing, however, Mr. Frank returned a telephone call from Mr. Thomas
and said the commission chairman would testify next week. Mr. Frank had been
prepared, aides said, to ask the full Government Operations Committee to vote on
whether to issue a subpoena.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              152 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Nanaimo Daily News (British Columbia)

                             April 15, 2008 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Obama claims he's not a snob; Senator gets flack over comments on small-town
voters

BYLINE: Sheldon Alberts, Canwest News Service

SECTION: NATION & WORLD; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 1101  words


Does Barack Obama really think small-town Americans are a bunch of
Bible-thumping, immigrant-resenting, gun-toting rednecks who are bitter about
their lot in life?

The answer, Obama says, is a resounding no. And he's praying all those
God-fearing, blue-collar voters in Pennsylvania believe him.

"It may be that I chose my words badly. It wasn't the first time and it won't be
the last," Obama told a group of steelworkers Monday in Pittsburgh.

Obama's latest mea culpa came as his Democratic presidential rival, Hillary
Clinton, again cast the Illinois senator as a condescending snob over statements
he made last week to a group of well-heeled donors in California.

In his original remarks, Obama was describing his efforts to win the support of
predominantly white working-class voters who had suffered economically during
President George W. Bush's presidency.

"It's not surprising then that they get bitter, they cling to guns or religion
or antipathy to people who aren't like them or anti-immigrant sentiment or
anti-trade sentiment as a way to explain their frustrations," he said.

The comment has caused political headaches for Obama since it was first made
public on April 11.

Senator John McCain, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, on Monday
called Obama's comment "elitist" and said they had disparaged hard-working
Americans.

Obama defended his use of the word "bitter" to describe economically challenged
American voters, saying people are "angry and frustrated with their leaders for
not listening to them; for not fighting for them."

He said Clinton and McCain have badly distorted the intent of his remarks, and
that he never intended to demean small-town or rural values.

"I'm a person of deep faith, and my religion has sustained me through a lot in
my life," Obama told journalists in Washington later Monday.

"I represent a state with a large number of hunters and sportsmen, and I
understand how important these traditions are to families . . . And, contrary to
what my poor word choices may have implied or my opponents have suggested, I've
never believed that these traditions or people's faith has anything to do with
how much money they have."

The tempest is potentially damaging to Obama in Pennsylvania, where polls had
shown he was cutting into Clinton's lead ahead of the state's primary on April
22.

Obama, who has a 160-delegate lead over Clinton in Democratic race, is hoping a
win or strong showing in Pennsylvania will escalate pressure on the former first
lady to end her White House bid.

Both candidates have been wooing blue-collar male voters who make up a sizable
portion of the Democratic electorate in Pennsylvania. Obama made a now-infamous
visit last month to a bowling alley in Altoona, Pa. -- where he threw several
gutter balls -- and fed a baby calf milk from a bottle during a campaign stop at
a dairy farm.

For a fourth day in a row, Clinton sought to capitalize on Obama's rhetorical
stumble.

"I believe that people don't cling to religion -- they value their faith. You
don't cling to guns -- you enjoy hunting or collecting or sport shooting," said
Clinton, who addressed the Pittsburgh steelworkers just hours after Obama's
visit.

"I don't think he really gets it that people are looking for a president who
stands up for you and not looks down on you."

But even as Obama tried to make amends, he blasted Clinton and McCain for
accepting donations from corporate lobbyists whose power in Washington drowns
out concerns of ordinary voters.

"When I hear my opponents, both of whom have spent decades in Washington, saying
I'm out of touch, it's time to cut through their rhetoric and look at the
reality," he said.

Obama, a Harvard-educated lawyer, mocked efforts by the Yale-educated Clinton to
capitalize on his campaign blunder by portraying herself as a middle-American
populist.

The Illinois senator alluded to a weekend campaign event the former first lady
held at an Indiana pub, where she drank a shot of whiskey and chased it with a
swig of beer.

"Around election time, the candidates can't do enough for you," Obama said.
"They'll promise you anything, give you a long list of proposals and even come
around, with TV crews in tow, to throw back a shot and a beer."

Throughout their campaigns in Pennsylvania, both Obama and Clinton have revived
criticisms of the North American Free Trade Agreement.

- --

TRADING INSULTS

The gloves came off in the U.S. Democratic primary race last weekend, with
Hillary Clinton calling Barack Obama "elitist and out of touch" for saying that
embittered, small-town Americans loved guns and God, and disliked immigrants.

Obama fired back, sneering at Clinton's new-found support for gun owners: "She's
talking like she's Annie Oakley," the famed American sharpshooter, he said.

After months of polite campaigning, Clinton and Obama have finally embraced the
personal insult, one of the oldest moves in the political playbook. Even so,
their choice of words -- at this stage --remains exceptionally mild by the
standards of the game.

John Adams, the second U.S. president, called George Washington "illiterate,
unlearned and unread." Lyndon Johnson said of Gerald Ford: "He's a nice guy, but
he played too much football with his helmet off."

Even Abraham Lincoln used the personal put-down, once saying about an opponent:
"He can compress the most words into the smallest idea of any man I know."

The art of the epithet also has a long history in Canadian politics, starting in
1863, when questions were raised about Sir John A. Macdonald's fondness for
alcohol after he became ill and vomited during a campaign speech.

"I get sick," Macdonald replied, "not because of drink (but because) I am forced
to listen to the ranting of my honourable opponent."

In the decades since, the House of Commons' Hansard has recorded a panoply of
unparliamentary language, including the words "bitch," "bastard," "slut" and
"sleazebag," not to mention Pierre Trudeau's infamous "fuddle-duddle."

Reform MP Darrell Stinson once called Jean Charest, who was then Progressive
Conservative leader, a "chubby little sucker."

Former governor general Ray Hnatyshyn, when he was a Tory justice minister,
called Liberal rat-pack MP John Nunziata the "honourable member from
snakeville."

And John Crosbie loved provoking the ire of feminists, once calling Liberal MPs
Sheila Copps, Dawn Black, Mary Clancy and women's rights lobbyist Judy Rebick as
"the Four Horsewomen of the Apocalypse."

Sometimes politicians insult their own colleagues, as Jean Chretien did when he
called some caucus members "nervous nellies" for questioning his decision to go
to the polls.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: [Canwest News Service]; 'I'm a person of deep faith,' Barack Obama says,
adding that he never meant to demean small-town values. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Nanaimo Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              153 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly

                            April 1, 2015 Wednesday

MBTA ad policy upheld

BYLINE: Tom Egan

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 466  words


The 1st U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals has in a split decision rejected a
challenge to a Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority policy that restricts
the display of advertisements that "demean or disparage" individuals or groups.

The challenge was brought by plaintiff American Freedom Defense Initiative
(AFDI). After the MBTA allowed a nonprofit group, the Committee for Peace in
Israel and Palestine, to run an advertisement characterizing 4.7 million
Palestinians as refugees, AFDI submitted a series of ads using the term "savage.
"

The MBTA rejected the first of the series, but agreed to run a second AFDI ad
that read, "IN ANY WAR BETWEEN THE CIVILIZED MAN AND THOSE ENGAGED IN SAVAGE
ACTS, SUPPORT THE CIVILIZED MAN. DEFEAT VIOLENT JIHAD. SUPPORT ISRAEL. "

After a third proposal was rejected, the AFDI requested preliminary injunctive
relief, which was denied by U.S. District Court Judge Nathaniel M. Gorton.

"(T]he MBTA's advertising program is a nonpublic forum," Judge David J. Barron
wrote for the majority on appeal. "The MBTA may therefore restrict the content
of the advertisements it accepts for display so long as such restrictions are
not viewpoint-based and are reasonable in light of the purposes for which the
forum was established. "

The guideline "does not attempt to give one group an advantage over another in
the marketplace of ideas," Barron added. "The MBTA's guideline prohibiting
advertisements containing material that 'demeans or disparages' individuals or
groups is not invalid on its face. "

The majority concluded that "the MBTA has identified a distinction that is
unrelated to the viewpoint the ads express and instead relates directly to the
guideline's purpose: to screen out content that is demeaning or disparaging. "

Judge Norman H. Stahl dissented in part.

"By opening up its advertising facilities tocontroversial topics of the gravest
political issues of our day,the MBTA has created a designated public forum for
speech, not anonpublic forum," Stahl contended.

"By accepting the Committee for Peace advertisement but not AFDI's submission,
the MBTA allowed its riders access to one perspective on the Israeli-Palestinian
conflict, while denying them exposure to AFDI's perspective," Stahl asserted.
"Having accepted virtually all advertisements with an eye toward filling its
coffers, the MBTA's attempt to then limit submitted speech which some officials
deem unacceptable is violative of the First Amendment. "

The 60-page decision is American Freedom Defense Initiative, et al. v.
Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority, et al., Lawyers Weekly No.
01-076-15.

Click here to read the full text of the opinion.





http://www.masslawyersweekly.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from
this resource.

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              154 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       March 6, 1997 Thursday 2D EDITION

Doing the shuffle

BYLINE: Cal Thomas

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-07

LENGTH: 601 words

In responding to charges that he was solicitor-in-chief for the Clinton-Gore
re-election effort and twisted the arms of campaign contributors from his White
House office, Al Gore repeated a lawyer-like phrase six times: There is no
controlling legal authority or case that says there was any violation of law
whatsoever in the manner in which I asked people to contribute to our
re-election campaign.

At another point, Gore said he and the president are above the laws other
federal employees must follow, by which he means the Hatch Act, which governs
the political activities of those who draw a government paycheck. But this
sounds to the average person like Leona Helmsley's comment that only the little
people pay taxes, or Richard Nixon's that presidents are above some laws and,
besides, I am not a crook.

The Washington Post's Bob Woodward broke the story about Gore's fund-raising
role and quoted several donors as saying they felt they were being shaken down,
a phrase that usually means the donor will receive favorable or unfavorable
consideration on legislation in which he is interested depending on the size of
his gift. Gore's behavior was too much for several Democratic members of
Congress. Sen. Paul Wellstone of Minnesota and Sen. Robert Torricelli of New
Jersey termed Gore's efforts inappropriate. About the entire fund-raising
scandal now swirling around the White House, Rep. David Bonior of Michigan - and
the No. 2 Democrat in the House - said actions by President Clinton demeans the
White House and demeans the office.

New details concerning the first lady's fund-raising role have also come to
light. A confidential memo says Mrs. Clinton, to help her husband win
re-election, sought to steer information from a White House computer to a
Democratic Party data base for political purposes. The Los Angeles Times
reported that the 1994 memo, written by an administration official with close
ties to the president and first lady, recommended using White House personnel to
work with Democratic National Committee staff members to create an enhanced
central data base for the 1996 campaign. The memo has a handwritten notation
from Mrs. Clinton saying, This sounds promising. Please advise. HRC.

Rep. David McIntosh, an Indiana Republican, the chairman of the House oversight
subcommittee, called such a transfer of information from the White House to the
DNC illegal. In a statement, McIntosh said, It troubles me deeply that Mrs.
Clinton, who is a very bright lawyer, saw no problem with using taxpayer funds
to aid the political operations of the DNC.

What troubles me more deeply is that huge numbers of Americans seem to no longer
care about the veracity, character and ethical integrity of our leaders. Writing
in the Feb. 24 issue of Forbes magazine, Robert H. Nelson, professor in the
school of public affairs at the University of Maryland, makes a startling
assertion: If Clinton seems to lack principles, so what? Baby boomers no longer
expect government to set the moral tone for the nation.

Apparently Vice President Gore has been reading the same tea leaves and thinks
that if Clinton can play close to the ethical edge, and even go over it, then he
can, too, with no price to pay from an electorate that seems to have become
ethically obtuse. Given Gore's attempts to portray himself as squeaky clean, the
legal dance he's doing about his fund-raising role may soil the clean and leave
only the squeaky. Cal Thomas is the author of 'Uncommon Sense' and a commentator
for NPR and WTTG-TV in Washington, D.C. He writes for the Los Angeles Times
Syndicate.

LOAD-DATE: March 06, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 1997 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              155 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            October 4, 1994, Tuesday

VOLUNTEERISM IS ONE OF THE ANSWERS Public welfare vs. private charity in America

BYLINE: By William Raspberry

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section A; Page 18

LENGTH: 637 words


Chicago - The idea that welfare demeans those it would help didn't start with
Charles Murray's call for an end to public assistance. More than 150 years
before there was a Charles Murray, the French political observer Alexis de
Tocqueville was worrying about the deleterious effects of welfare.

"There is nothing which, generally speaking, elevates and sustains the human
spirit more than the idea of rights," Tocqueville wrote in a little-known 1835
"Memoir on Pauperism."

"But the right of the poor to obtain society's help is unique in that instead of
elevating the heart of the man who exercises it, it lowers him. From the moment
an indigent is inscribed on the poor list, he can certainly demand relief, but
what is the achievement of this right if not a notarized manifestation of
misery, of weakness, of misconduct on the part of its recipient. The more
extensive and the more secure ordinary rights are, the more honor they confer;
the more permanent and extended the right to relief is, the more it degrades."

I'm thinking about Tocqueville's memoir because I'm here for an awards luncheon
sponsored by the Points of Light Foundation. The half- dozen award winners are
corporations that have led the way in encouraging local volunteer programs. They
have funded volunteer centers. They have urged the involvement of their
corporate peers. They have created programs to encourage their employees to
devote serious time to volunteer community work.

But the reason I'm thinking of Tocqueville is that the Points of Light
Foundation (separate from and independent of the "Thousand Points of Light"
program of the Bush administration) seems to answer an intriguing question the
Frenchman raised: how to avoid simultaneously demeaning the poor and increasing
their ranks.

Tocqueville made a convincing case that public charity demeans in ways that
private charity does not - and not only for the reasons cited above. Private
charity establishes a bond - a sort of social contract between donor and
recipient, giving the latter both the incentive and the opportunity to even the
books. Public charity "strips the man of wealth of a part of his surplus" while
producing in the poor "no gratitude for a benefit which no one can refuse him
and which could not satisfy him in any case."

The principal trouble with private charity, however, is that it is too
haphazard. Private charity is more likely to provide one (well- publicized)
shoeless youngster with 30 pairs of shoes than 30 youngsters with a single pair
each. Public charity has no heart; private charity has no mind.

Tocqueville thought he knew a way out of the dilemma, and promised a subsequent
paper on the subject. It never came. What the Points of Light Foundation is
doing may come close to what Tocqueville had in mind. It combines the personal
satisfactions of private giving with the efficiency of public giving. By
establishing volunteer centers, it makes possible a much wider distribution of
the volunteer effort. It provides charity with organization, but without
bureaucracy.

I'd be careful, though, not to let the splendid notion behind the Points of
Light program lead anybody to suppose that we should do away with public
welfare, as Murray has proposed. There is a lot to be said for regularizing and
generalizing community charity.

There is a lot to be said for dispensing charity in ways that build community,
rather than set the haves against the have-nots. The problems are not just about
poverty. They are about the absence of relationships that work. That's something
welfare reformers should keep in mind. The point is not just to look after poor
people but to build communities capable of looking after themselves.

William Raspberry is syndicated by the Washington Post. His column appears in
the Journal occasionally.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942800185

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              156 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                        May 9, 2003 Friday Final Edition

Why should Jordan get free ride?: Legend's defenders ignore fact he failed to
build a winner

SOURCE: Washington Post

BYLINE: Sally Jenkins

SECTION: Sports; Pg. D5

LENGTH: 539 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON - Michael Jordan lost a job because his boss didn't like what he was
doing, a common career reversal -- but apparently it's not supposed to happen to
Michael Jordan.

Why? What exempts him from everyday setbacks?

The decision by Washington Wizards owner Abe Pollin not to rehire Jordan as
president of basketball operations couldn't possibly be the result of a failing
on Jordan's part. It must be something more sinister. It's everybody else's
fault, a conspiracy, a sandbagging, a political plot.

"Basically it was a very, very tough decision but I made the decision by myself
and I made it for what I thought was best for the franchise," Pollin said in a
phone interview Thursday.

"Now, I can take the heat. But I'm not going to get into any tit for tat with
anybody. That's not my style, never has been and never will be."

One of the more popular sentiments around town Thursday was that Jordan was
"exploited" by Pollin -- used for two seasons to put people in the seats and
then discarded. This inflammatory crack very conveniently shifts attention from
Jordan's actual performance as an executive.

To say that Jordan was "exploited" is not just to demean Pollin, but to demean
Jordan too, to suggest that the richest and most powerful athlete in modern
history, one who prides himself on his shrewdness, couldn't take care of himself
in a business deal. Frankly, if that's the case,

Jordan had no business running a team. It also ignores the pertinent fact that
Jordan's comeback as a player revived his flagging businesses and endorsements.

One reason Pollin let Jordan go was vividly illustrated on the front pages of
newspapers Thursday: photos showed Jordan spinning away from MCI Center in his
convertible. Note the tag on the Mercedes. Is it D.C.? Maryland? Virginia? No,
it's Illinois.

Pollin owes something to Jordan for filling seats? Yes. He owes him exactly what
he agreed to pay him. This is a business we're talking about here. People were
coming to see Michael, but the team was losing.

Jordan defenders say that at least he created buzz. But if Jordan's mere buzz is
so vital to the franchise and to the town, why doesn't the Smithsonian set up a
Michael Jordan diorama, like the ones for cavemen? Except he'd be live, shooting
baskets.

All Jordan had to do to keep his job was produce a winning team. Instead he
rebuilt the roster to no improvement, and was an agent of dissension.

Jordan lost and then subtly -- but habitually -- blamed others. Jordan
handpicked the team. If the players were deadbeats, who is accountable for that?

Jordan was in charge for 31/2 years and failed to produce a winning record. How
many chances is he supposed to get?

The Wizards' next move, Pollin says, is to fill the job "as quickly as
possible."

Jordan's replacement will lack the projection-sized image that Jordan cast and
no doubt appear dull by comparison. But just maybe the Wizards can find a
nuts-and-bolts bore who actually knows how to put the pieces of a team together,
who will eyeball talent, juggle salaries, stroke egos and do the tedious
briefcase work required to build a winning team. And if he can't get it done,
then he should take responsibility and gracefully move on.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: (Michael) Jordan

TYPE: Sports

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              157 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                      January 4, 2000, Tuesday, Edition 1

STUDY DEMEANS OLDER WOMEN

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 215 words



When my local breast-screening centre told me that it would no longer be
necessary for me to come in for my regular mammogram at my age (unless my
physician recommended it), my female doctor said that was nonsense and advised
me to request an appointment. I did and the mammogram was done. By the way, the
clinic had on record my family history of breast cancer.

Now I read in The Star (Mammograms for elderly questioned, Dec. 8) that a report
of the University of California in San Francisco says that mammograms for women
past the age of 69 may not be warranted. Professor Karla Kerlikowske found that
biennial mammograms of women from age 69 to 79 averted only 10.8 per cent of
breast cancer deaths.

Her study was based on computer model analysis tracing life expectancy of 10,
000 ''hypothetical women.'' As a real woman, I would like to know how many
individuals 10.8 per cent of 10,000 cases amounts to. Are our lives not of
value?

Furthermore, Kerlikowske demeans older women by saying that we ''may be bothered
by medical tests, office visits and waiting for test results.'' Not only is this
insulting, but can it possibly be posed as a reason for denying mammograms?

Older women are tired of being written off, ignored and disrespected.

Nina K. Herman


LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2000 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              158 of 998 DOCUMENTS

             Metropolitan News Enterprise (Los Angeles, California)

                           December 22, 2000, Friday

Boy Scouts Ruling Does Not Require Change in Judicial Ethics Rules, State
Supreme Court Says

BYLINE: By a MetNews Staff Writer

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 287 words


The U.S. Supreme Court's ruling upholding the right of the Boy Scouts of America
to exclude gays does not require a change in the judicial ethics code barring
membership in organizations that discriminate on the basis of sexual
orientation, state court officials said yesterday.

The action was in response to numerous inquiries, officials said.

Canon 2C of the Code of Judicial Ethics bars judges from joining groups that
practice "invidious discrimination on the basis of race, sex, religion, national
origin, or sexual orientation." It also states that as long as membership does
not violate Canon 4A, there is no bar to membership in a nonprofit youth
organization.

Canon 4A states that judges shall conduct all extrajudicial activities so that
they do not "cast reasonable doubt on the judge's capacity to act
impartially..., demean the judicial office..., [or] interfere with the proper
performance of judicial duties."

The bottom line, the state Supreme Court said, was that in deciding whether
membership in a nonprofit youth organization is permitted, the individual judge
must consider whether such membership "will cast reasonable doubt on his or her
impartiality, demean the judicial office, or in any other way interfere with the
proper performance of judicial duties."

The U.S. Supreme Court's decision in Boy Scouts of America v. Dale does not
require that the standard be altered, the state justices said.

The Los Angeles City Council recently moved to sever all ties with the Boy
Scouts because of the organization's policy and the high court ruling. The
Police Department is currently studying whether it may maintain a police
Explorer's program without running afoul of city policy.


LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 Metropolitan News Company


                              159 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            April 10, 2014 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

With hearing, marriage question one step closer to high court

BYLINE: Robert Barnes

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 1423 words


The nationwide legal battle over same-sex marriage escalates Thursday when a
federal appeals court reviews the first in a string of unanimous judicial
rulings that state bans on gay marriage cannot stand in the wake of last
summer's Supreme Court action.

A three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit in Denver
will be considering Utah's ban on same-sex marriage, which was struck down in
December by a federal district judge in Salt Lake City.

It is a review soon to be repeated around the country, the intermediate step in
returning a question to the Supreme Court that the justices avoided the first
time around - whether marriage is a fundamental right that under the
Constitution may not be denied to same-sex couples.

Both the speed with which the legal challenges are proceeding - pending appeals
court action in this case and in Virginia could tee up the issue in time for the
Supreme Court term that begins in October - and the change in public approval of
same-sex marriage have taken even gay rights groups by surprise.

Kate Kendell, executive director of the National Center for Lesbian Rights,
pronounced herself "really awestruck" at the change.

"It goes without saying we are in a quite amazing moment," she said.

Proponents of the traditional definition of marriage as between a man and woman
are looking to the coming appeals court reviews to blunt what Evan Wolfson,
founder of the organization Freedom to Marry, calls the "irrefutable momentum"
that the district court rulings have provided.

Ryan T. Anderson, a fellow at the Heritage Foundation, said he hopes the appeals
courts will recognize that states have played the leading role in defining
marriage and domestic relations and that such decisions should be left to the
people and their representatives.

"You can be for same-sex marriage, you can be against same-sex marriage,"
Anderson said. "But the Constitution doesn't settle that question."

U.S. District Judge Robert Shelby in Salt Lake City disagreed. In December, he
became the first judge to strike down a state ban after the Supreme Court's 5 to
4 decision in June that found part of the federal Defense of Marriage Act
unconstitutional.

The majority said the federal government cannot not deny federal benefits and
recognition to same-sex couples who were married in states where gay nuptials
are legal. The court said Congress's decision to define marriage as only between
a man and a woman had no rationale other than a discriminatory moral disapproval
of gay couples.

Shelby said the reasoning behind the court's decision compelled him to strike
down Utah's ban on gay marriage, which 66 percent of those voting added to the
state constitution in 2004.

"The State's current laws deny its gay and lesbian citizens their fundamental
right to marry and, in so doing, demean the dignity of these same-sex couples
for no rational reason," Shelby wrote.

Series of rulings

Since then, judges in Virginia, Oklahoma, Texas and Michigan have made similar
findings. Courts in Tennessee, Ohio and Kentucky have said those states must
recognize gay marriages performed elsewhere.

The Utah decision was a "game-changer," in the words of Peggy Tomsic, the
attorney representing the three couples who challenged the ban, not only because
it was first and in a deeply conservative state but because of what happened
next.

Shelby and then a panel of the 10th Circuit turned down Utah's request to put
the decision on hold while it was appealed. More than 1,200 couples were wed
before the Supreme Court approved Utah's stay request 17 days later.

The justices gave no reason for granting the stay and thus shed no more light on
the court's June decision in U.S. v. Windsor that has prompted the legal action.

That ruling provides arguments for both sides.

On one hand, the opinion written by Justice Anthony M. Kennedy and joined by the
court's four liberals noted that defining marriage is traditionally a power
reserved for the states.

On the other, the opinion dismissed Congress's arguments as to why the federal
government should recognize only traditional definitions of marriage. It said
the arguments were mostly window dressing for unlawful prejudice based on sexual
orientation.

To defend its law at the appeals court, Utah hired Gene C. Schaerr, an
experienced Washington appellate lawyer, who resigned from the law firm Winston
& Strawn to take on what he seemed to describe as a higher mission.

"I have accepted that position so that I can fulfill what I have come to see as
a religious and family duty: defending the constitutionality of traditional
marriage in the state where my church is headquartered and where most of my
family resides," Schaerr, who is Mormon, wrote in an e-mail reported by the Web
site Above the Law.

In the state's briefs, Schaerr writes that Shelby misread the key holding of the
Windsor  decision, which is that states hold the key to defining marriage.

Utah's choice of a "man-woman" model for marriage "is not intended to demean
other family structures, any more than giving an 'A' to some students demeans
others," according to the briefs.

He said the state's rationale for the decision is that Utah's interest in
marriage is providing the best environment for children, rather than "the novel
principle that marriage is whatever emotional bond any two (or more) people say
it is."

In enacting the constitutional amendment, according to the briefs, Utah voters
were expressing their "firm belief - also supported by sound social science -
that moms and dads are different, not interchangeable, and that the diversity of
having both a mom and a dad is the ideal parenting environment."

And the briefs noted that Utah's history, which included polygamy, gives it
special reason for its definition of marriage.

"To become a State, Utah had to adopt a virtually 'irrevocable' State
constitutional provision that 'forever prohibited' polygamous marriage and
thereby made adherence to monogamous marriage (at the time undoubtedly
understood as between one man and one woman) the only alternative," according to
the briefs.

Austin R. Nimocks, senior counsel at the Alliance Defending Freedom, a
conservative legal organization involved in many of the gay-marriage cases, said
he is hopeful that the appeals courts will take note of the history of state
definitions of marriages, not just the relatively recent moves to enshrine them
in state constitutions.

The amendments "did not change the substance of the laws," which have been
around in some cases for centuries, he said.

The parenting question

Tomsic and her clients' supporters - there are dozens of friends-of-the-court
briefs filed on both sides of the case - say opponents of gay marriage have
offered no new rationales.

The procreation argument already has been dismissed by the Supreme Court's
majority, they said. And the "sound social science" that purports to show those
raised in households headed by parents of the same sex do worse than others has
been discredited, they say.

One study often cited by opponents of same-sex marriage was trashed by a federal
judge in Michigan who held a trial on that state's ban. He called testimony by
the study's author "entirely unbelievable and not worthy of serious
consideration."

Same-sex marriage is legal in 17 states and the District of Columbia. The rest
of the states prohibit the marriages through state law or constitutional
amendments.

There are lawsuits challenging those restrictions in all but five states -
Alaska, Georgia, Montana, North Dakota and South Dakota. Appeals of judicial
decisions regarding the bans are pending in five of the circuit courts of
appeals into which the country is divided.

A randomly selected panel of three 10th Circuit judges will hear the Utah case
and, a week later, the appeal regarding Oklahoma. The U.S. Court of Appeals for
the 4th Circuit in Richmond is scheduled to hear arguments May 13 reviewing
Norfolk-based U.S. District Judge Arenda L. Wright Allen's decision striking
down Virginia's laws.

The veteran 10th Circuit panel consists of Judges Paul J. Kelly Jr., nominated
by President George H.W. Bush; Carlos F. Lucero, chosen by President Bill
Clinton; and Jerome A. Holmes, who was nominated by President George W. Bush.

The 10th Circuit's ruling would be binding in the states it covers: Colorado,
Kansas, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Utah and Wyoming.

But New Mexico will not be affected. Its highest court already took note of the
Windsor  decision and ruled unanimously that the state must allow gay marriages.

robert.barnes@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              160 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             June 19, 1992, Friday

Tinsel Town yawns as title languishes

BYLINE: Thomas Stinsonboxing; competition; las/vegas; forecasts

SECTION: SPORTS; Section H; Page 9

LENGTH: 640 words


Las Vegas - Out on Las Vegas Boulevard, the housewives from Fresno paddle around
the punks hawking the escort services while high above them, the three-story
marquee at Caesars Palace announces that George Burns and Freda Payne should
blow through town in a couple weeks, all of it a tender Norman Rockwell glimpse
of the enduring virtue of Tinsel Town.

Yet the subliminal message fairly screams from the scene. For within hours a
fight for the world heavyweight championship will be conducted on these very
premises, and if freaking Freda Payne makes the bright lights when baddest man
on the planet can't, what does that say for the beleaguered likes of Evander
Holyfield? It says that Caesars may have a fight it really doesn't need for a
public that really doesn't care. Ah, the sweet science.

Because Larry Holmes won't knock out Holyfield and surely Holyfield won't knock
out Holmes, the two will go the full 12 rounds tonight. Holyfield will win a
landslide decision and, much like the George Foreman experience, the audience
will walk out into the night, waxing poetic on the courage of two such fine men.
And then after a few days pass, we start to wonder why Holmes was ever up there,
why Holyfield didn't splatter him like Gallagher's cantaloupe, why? This was a
post-Foreman sensation also, and the funny taste it left is back.

This is all to explain the malaise attending this fight. People wait in lines
here to see a Neil Diamond impersonator, but the temporary stadium on Caesars
back lot is not sold out (though the promoters were beaming how the hotel's
guarantee had been met). The wagering public, which in this town would drop a
dime on which bag lady will first spit on the sidewalk, has similarly turned
away. Wagering is uncommonly light, most of the money going with Holmes because
5-1 on Holyfield isn't worth the expended calories.

"We were nip-and-tuck just to book the damn thing," said Robert Walker, who runs
the sports book over at the Stardust. "We were forced to book it, but I don't
think there's any electricity."

This the evil genius Bob Arum has blamed solely upon the media, and he took the
opportunity of the biggest pre-fight press conference to shame us all, evoking
the names of Westbrook Pegler and Damon Runyon in a five-minute fist-shaking.

"After all the drivel I've read that you guys have written," he bellowed, "I've
decided it was time to circumvent the media and go straight to the public."

He was working a tough room. So angered was Newsday's Wally Matthews, president
of National Boxing Writers Association, that he later placed hands upon Mr.
Arum, shaking the 61-year-old barrister so that he called out for security.
Unfortunately, this could be the week's most celebrated confrontation. Holmes
was in near hysteria when he found Matthews at the weigh-in and giggled, "Don't
you ever choke my promoter again."

It has been 20 months since Holyfield's promoter, the quite round Dan Duva,
declared to the world, "It will no longer be business as usual in the
heavyweight division," for his fighter just hours before had taken possession of
the precious belt. Don King was on the outside, fresh new faces were moving up
the rankings, and here was a humble champion who would place nothing above his
Lord.

But what happens tonight demeans Evander Holyfield, demeans the tortured
ex-champion Holmes and demeans - if that is possible anymore - the title, such
as it is. Holyfield says he never wanted to make this fight. Holmes says Ray
Mercer hits harder than Holyfield. Bob Arum blames the press. Freda Payne gets
the billboard. Pay-per-view gets us all.

"When it's all over," said Holyfield, considering his reputation, "they'll
appreciate me more than they do right now."

The hope is this is the end of his beginning, the fear that it is the beginning
of his end.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              161 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Western Daily Press

                                January 22, 1998

Murder triggers call for porn crackdown;
 PARTY-VIDEO MAN POUNCED ON INNOCENT MOTHER

BYLINE: Caroline Sigley

SECTION: Pg.17

LENGTH: 469 words


THE Government was urged last night to tighten restrictions on the availability
of hard-core pornography after an ex-soldier was jailed for murdering a woman in
a re-enactment of a violent sex video.

Stuart Hulse, aged 36, from Lowton, Greater Manchester, murdered 46- year-old
Shirley Brown after breaking into her home, Manchester Crown court heard.

Hulse, a private detective, had been at a party where the video showing ''sexual
perversion and abuse'' was played as other couples paired off to different
bedrooms.

But he was left alone, sexually aroused and frustrated - and the video provided
the ''trigger'' for the murder.

On his way home, Hulse sneaked into mother-of-one Mrs Brown's home in Lowton as
she brought in the milk. He attacked her, tying her hands and feet, gagging her
and subjecting her to a violent sex attack before strangling her with her own
tights.

Anthony Gee, prosecuting, told the court: ''Some parts of the film show acts
which bear similarity to what happened to Shirley Brown.''

Roderick Carus, defending, said Hulse had become ''inflamed'' by the video and
had lost the constraints of normal decent people.

Last night Tory MP Ann Winterton, called for urgent Government action to curb
the availability of hard-core porn films.

''This case gives the lie to those who claim, with supposed authority, that
violence on the media does not affect the behaviour of people who watch it.

Demeans

''This is a tragic case, and I hope lessons will be learned from it for the
future.

"I have always believed that hard-core pornography demeans and debases women and
children and is often extremely violent.

''The Government should introduce further measures immediately to curb its
circulation and availability,'' Mrs Winterton said.

Dee Warner, a spokesman for Mothers Against Murder and Aggression, renewed calls
for tighter controls and said James Ferman, the head of the British Board of
Film Classification, should resign.

Mr Ferman recently accused Home Secretary Jack Straw of playing to the
puritanical vote in cracking down on films containing sex and violence.

Miss Dee said: ''He seems completely out of touch. He thinks we are all uptight
and over-reacting.

''It is rubbish to suggest that watching such material doesn't affect people.

''This man may well have been inclined towards violence but the video seems to
have been a trigger.

''These kind of films should not necessarily be banned because it forces them
underground. But there should be tighter censorship and restrictions.

''Mr Ferman should resign and the whole board should have a shake-up.''

The issue of a link between films and violence was dismissed as unproven in a
Home Office report following the murder of Jamie Bulger by two young boys.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                      Copyright 1998 Bristol United Press


                              162 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           September 13, 2016 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Quiet for once: Trump restraint demonstrates new discipline

BYLINE:  Associated Press  Chuck Raasch of the Post-Dispatch contributed to this
report.

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 977 words


WASHINGTON - Hillary Clinton and her campaign scrambled Monday to head off
lasting damage from a brutal weekend, promising to release more of her medical
records after her bout of pneumonia and conceding they were too slow in
providing information on her condition.

"I just didn't think it was going to be that big a deal," the Democratic nominee
said late Monday in an interview with CNN when asked why she didn't immediately
tell voters about her recent diagnosis of pneumonia.

Democrats said Clinton's health incident alone is unlikely to fundamentally
alter the presidential race, but some said it adds to a growing sense of
uncertainty less than two months from Election Day. For many supporters,
Clinton's battle with Republican Donald Trump is worryingly close, raising
concerns not only about holding the White House but also retaking control of the
Senate.

"If you look at the way the last couple months have gone, it feels like the race
should be further apart," said Greg Haas, an Ohio-based Democratic strategist
and former county party chairman.

Clinton abruptly left a 9/11 anniversary event Sunday in New York and was seen
on video stumbling and being held up by aides. Clinton said Monday night she did
not faint, but did feel "dizzy and I did lose my balance for a minute."

"What happened yesterday was that I just was incredibly committed to being at
the memorial," Clinton told CNN. "I could feel how hot and humid it was. I felt
overheated. I decided that I did need to leave. As soon as I got into the
air-conditioned van, I cooled off, I got some water and very quickly I felt
better."

At the time, roughly 90 minutes passed before aides said Clinton left because
she was overheated. Several hours later, her doctor acknowledged she had been
diagnosed with pneumonia two days earlier.

"In retrospect, we could have handled it better," Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon
said Monday. He pledged to release "additional medical information" about
Clinton in the next few days.

Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Mo., who disclosed her own battle with breast cancer
earlier this year, defended Clinton's handling of the pneumonia diagnosis,
describing it as a side effect of Clinton's work ethic and a "bump" in her
campaign.

McCaskill said that "when you are working as hard as Hillary Clinton is used to
working, I think it is very hard for her to slow down."

Clinton spent Monday at her home in Chappaqua, N.Y., after canceling a
fundraising trip in California. It was unclear when she would return to the
campaign trail.

Trump, who is also promising to release new medical records this week, showed
surprising restraint regarding Clinton's health. He wished her well and did not
repeat questions he has raised about whether the former secretary of state has
the strength to be president.

'SLANDER' AND 'DEMEAN'

Trump did hammer Clinton for her assertion Friday night that half of his
supporters belong in a "basket of deplorables" and are racist, sexist,
homophobic or xenophobic. Clinton later said she regretted applying that
description to "half" of Trump's backers, but stuck by her assertion that the
GOP nominee has given a platform to "hateful views and voices."

Speaking in Maryland on Monday, Trump said he was shocked to hear Clinton
"attack, slander, smear and demean these wonderful, amazing people who are
supporting our campaign."

After a staff shake-up in August, Trump has largely abandoned the freewheeling
style of campaigning that energized his supporters but led to a string of
controversial comments about women, minorities and others. Trump's newfound
ability to stay on script has coincided with tightening in national polls and
surveys in some key swing states.

"The last few days feed into a sense of uncertainty," said Chris Kofinis, a
Democratic strategist. He said Clinton's rough weekend raises the stakes for the
first presidential debate on Sept. 26, which "will either finish Trump or, if he
does well, it will create a race."

Privately, some Republicans say Trump would be losing more convincingly to
another Democratic nominee. But Clinton's unpopularity rivals that of her
opponent, and she's been unable to do much to change the minds of Americans who
believe she is dishonest and secretive.

PRIVACY PENCHANT

Indeed, some Democrats said it wasn't Clinton's pneumonia diagnosis or even the
jarring video of her stumbling into a van that leaves them nervous. It was her
campaign's unwillingness to quickly level with the public about the situation.

"Antibiotics can take care of pneumonia," David Axelrod, a longtime adviser to
President Barack Obama, wrote on Twitter. "What's the cure for an unhealthy
penchant for privacy that repeatedly creates unnecessary problems?"

Clinton pushed back against that idea Monday night, telling CNN that "people
know more about me than almost anyone in public life."

"We're going to be releasing more information," she said. "I think it's fair to
say we've already met the disclosure of past presidential candidates."

To be sure, Clinton continues to have advantages over Trump as the race presses
into its final weeks.

Polls show Trump struggling with big swaths of the electorate, including women,
blacks, Hispanics and young people. His path to the 270 Electoral College votes
needed to win is narrow - he likely needs to carry Ohio, Florida, Pennsylvania
and North Carolina - while Clinton has numerous routes. Clinton's campaign is
also running a sophisticated voter targeting and turnout operation, led by
people involved in President Barack Obama's campaigns, while Trump is banking on
the Republican National Committee for his field operations.

Given those advantages, some Democrats say their biggest fear is complacency.

"It really says to me and other supporters of Hillary that we have to be
invested, and we're going to have to get out and work," said Missouri state Rep.
Margo McNeil, D-Florissant.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks to the National
Guard Association of the United States, Monday, Sept. 12, 2016, in Baltimore.
(AP Photo/Evan Vucci)  Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks to
the National Guard Association of the United States, Monday, Sept. 12, 2016, in
Baltimore. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci)  Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump
speaks to the National Guard Association of the United States, Monday, Sept. 12,
2016, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              163 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   November 5, 1987, Thursday, State Edition

Man who burned women is charged

SOURCE: Compiled from Wire Reports

SECTION: METRO AND STATE; STATE DIGEST; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 969 words

DATELINE: DEERFIELD BEACH; NORTH PORT; FERNANDINA BEACH; TALLAHASSEE



DEERFIELD BEACH - Formal charges of murder, robbery and arson were    filed
Wednesday against a store clerk accused of killing two women    co-workers by
dousing them with flammable liquid and setting them    afire. Robert Lavern
Henry, 29, was arrested Tuesday after one of the    victims, Janet Cox
Thermidor, 35, of Pompano Beach, identified him to    police shortly before she
died. Mrs. Thermidor was hit on the head with    a hammer before being fatally
burned, investigators said. Police found    her still on fire at the Cloth World
store. Henry also was charged with    murdering Phyllis M. Harris, 53, of
Deerfield Beach. Firefighters found    Mrs. Harris' burned body in the men's
restroom, bound hand to foot with    a cord.



 Mayoral race ends in tie vote    NORTH PORT - North Port Mayor Margaret Gentle
on Wednesday gave her    $ 2,100-a-year job to Frank Coulter, after the mayoral
election ended in    a tie and would have been settled by a coin toss. When the
ballots had    been counted and recounted, Gentle and Coulter each had 1,554
votes in    the election Tuesday. Gentle, a 67-year-old retired U.S. Army major
who    has been mayor for 14 years, showed up Wednesday morning for the final
settlement of the race. When the city attorney explained a tie vote    would
require the drawing of straws or the flipping of a coin, she said    she would
not participate and withdrew. "I think it would demean the    office. It would
demean the city and it would demean the voice of the    people," she said.



 Girl falsely accused boy, 11, of rape    FERNANDINA BEACH - An 8-year-old girl
has recanted her story of being    raped by an 11-year-old boy, said Assistant
State Attorney John Moran.

 The girl originally told Fernandina Beach police that she had been    raped by
the boy in his home on Oct. 11, and the boy was arrested.

 Moran said the girl apparently accused the boy out of spite. The boy's
mother said Tuesday that her son has been emotionally crushed by the
accusation. "Every kid in the neighborhood knows. He's been told by    kids he
plays with that he raped her," she said. The names of the    children were not
released because they are juveniles.



 Lottery director wins support    TALLAHASSEE - Rebecca Paul, director of
Florida's new lottery, won    commendations all around Wednesday after fielding
questions from    members of the House Regulated Industries Committee. She
promised to    have lottery tickets available by the Jan. 15 deadline the
Legislature    established. Her responses to a bevy of questions appeared to
quash the    potential of a bill that would reduce her $ 102,000 salary. The
bill,    filed by Rep. Charles Canady, D-Lakeland, was derailed and sent to a
sub-committee. "I won't support Canady's bill to reduce your salary,"    said
Rep. Ron Silver, D-North Miami Beach. "The governor did do one    thing right.
He appointed you." Said Rep. Edward J. Healey, D-West    Palm Beach, "I guess
you've been a big hit."



 Mann enters race against Smith    TALLAHASSEE - Former Democratic legislator
Frank Mann officially    announced Wednesday that he will run for secretary of
state in 1988 and    characterized incumbent Jim Smith as a backstabbing poor
loser. Mann,    46, was Steve Pajcic's running mate in their unsuccessful 1986
    gubernatorial campaign. The Pajcic-Mann team defeated Smith in the
Democratic runoff, but Smith abandoned his party's nominees and tacitly
supported Bob Martinez's campaign. Earlier this year Smith switched    parties,
and Martinez named him as his chief of staff for internal    affairs. Smith was
appointed to the Cabinet when George Firestone    resigned. "For his poor-loser,
sour-grapes role of backstabbing, Smith    was rewarded by being named chief of
staff for the governor and    subsequently secretary of state," Mann said.
"Treachery is never    forgotten by honest citizens."



 November named month for manatee    TALLAHASSEE - Gov. Bob Martinez and the
Cabinet are trying to bolster    manatee protection efforts as deaths of the
endangered mammal reach an    all-time high. The officials voted Tuesday to
designate November as    Manatee Awareness Month and urge boaters throughout
Florida to be    especially wary of the docile mammals. They also extended slow
speed    areas in Collier and Indian River counties. The Department of Natural
    Resources reported that 88 manatee deaths were confirmed in Florida
waters between Jan. 1 and Sept. 30, an all-time high. Thirty were    attributed
to boat or barge collisions.



 Election wrap-up    Miami Mayor Xavier Suarez will face former six-term Mayor
Maurice    Ferre in a runoff election next week. With all precincts reporting,
    Suarez had 19,330 votes, or 42.5 percent, and Ferre, had 14,692 votes,    or
32 percent of the ballots cast in Tuesday's election. ... In North    Port,
seven-term Mayor Marge Gentle stepped aside Wednesday after she    and political
newcomer Frank Coulter tied with 1,554 votes. Such ties,    according to Florida
statutes, must be broken by the flip of a coin or    the drawing of a straw, but
Ms. Gentle said she wouldn't demean the    highest office in the Gulf Coast city
of 9,000 by having it decided    that way. ... Four counties - Hendry, Lake,
Suwannee and DeSoto -    approved a 1-cent increase in the sales tax Tuesday.
Orange, Seminole    and Alachua counties rejected the tax.

 - Compiled from wire reports

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              164 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                              July 31, 2011 Sunday
                                 Sport Edition

Don't demean the noble profession of teaching

BYLINE: Lihle Z Mtshali

SECTION: OPINION & EDITORIAL

LENGTH: 727  words


Don't demean the noble profession of teaching

They never stop to ask what difference they will make in the world

I REMEMBER my grade 1 teacher vividly. Well, back then, in 1983, when I was
five-and-a-half and had just started boarding school in Harding, KwaZulu-Natal,
grade 1 was known as sub A.

I was in a Catholic school, and 90% of the teachers were sisters. Mean, scary
sisters too. But not Sister wakwa (sub) A, as the beautiful, tall woman who
taught me how to count and write my name was called. She was also nicknamed
Hhashi (horse) because she was a fast runner. Now that I think of it, that could
have also referred to how graceful and majestic she was. I remember her running
and laughing, holding up her habit just a bit, and her white veil flying behind
her.

She wasn't beautiful only on the outside, but was also very kind to us young
ones. She was exactly what you would think nuns and sisters should be like,
unlike the other ones in the school, who used to beat the living daylights out
of us for the smallest indiscretions.

I have been thinking about my first teacher because my niece, Nolwazi, who
recently graduated with a teaching degree, is in New York visiting me. She is 24
and passionate about education. She is qualified to teach two- to
nine-year-olds, kids who are in grade R to grade 3. It's so sweet to hear her
talk about how much she loves the little ones and impressive to see this modern,
trendy, young lady who wants nothing more than to instil a good educational
foundation in kids.

Last week, Nolwazi went out for a night on the town with some South African
girls her age who are based here. When she returned, she told me that two of the
girls had been belittling her because she was a teacher. She was hurt, and I was
angry.

"They kept saying, 'Why would you want to be a teacher? You'll never make any
money doing that,'" Nolwazi told me. She said they went on and on about her
career choice, even demanding to know how she could afford to be in New York on
holiday if she was a teacher. When she told them that the holiday was a
graduation gift from her parents, they kept quiet for a while, but the goading
did not stop completely.

They couldn't be bothered to hear that she wanted to teach because she values
education and because she believes that reaching children in their formative
years would give them a better chance later in life. They were still talking
about money when she asked them if they didn't remember their own primary school
teachers.

I don't know what these girls do for a living and whether the world would
consider them successful, but whatever they do to make the money they used to
buy the drinks they were guzzling while criticising my niece, I'm willing to bet
that they have been to school. It may not have been charm school, where they
would have been taught manners, but they would at least have gone to primary
school and had teachers who made a meaningful impact on their lives.

Despite the hard work they do, teachers are severely undervalued, and many young
people Nolwazi's age are only concerned about how much money they will make when
they start working.

They never stop to ask what difference they will make in the world and who they
could influence as they climb the corporate ladder. They only want to see
themselves driving a flashy car and strutting around town in expensive clothes.
That's okay, it doesn't really hurt anybody, as long as they don't put down
those who have different priorities.

There are a lot of people who could have been wonderful teachers, but they did
not choose to go in that direction because of society's pressure to chase riches
rather than make a difference. There is no shame in teaching; it is a noble
calling.

Part of the reason why society does not respect teachers is that governments
just don't value the profession. If they did, public school teachers, both in
New York and in SA, would be satisfied with their salaries, and SA would not
have a shortage of teachers, because the Department of Education would be
bending over backwards to keep educators happy and attract the younger
generation to take up teaching.

I am so proud of Nolwazi and all young educators for caring enough not to let
the love of money be their career guide. In the wise words of Dr Seuss: "Unless
someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It's
not."

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              165 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2016 Experian Information Solutions, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                         Experian Powered Business Data

                                December 7, 2016

                       FILE ESTABLISHED: November 1, 2002

                                  JAMES DEMEAN

                               1029 UNIVERSITY ST
                           CLARKSTON,  WA 99403-2544
                                 UNITED STATES

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: http://www.smartbusinessreports.com/Main.aspx?link=1009

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
EXPERIAN FILE NUMBER: 819483660

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: A1 - 5

YEARS IN BUSINESS: 32 - ACTUAL

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
OFFICERS:

     ·    JAMES DEMEAN, OWNER


* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY SIC:
7841 - Video Tape Rental
SECONDARY SIC:
7922 - Theatrical Producers & Services

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

SALES: USD 9,000 - ACTUAL

BUSINESS ANALYSIS:
TRADE PAYMENT EXPERIENCES:
(TRADE LINES WITH AN '*' ARE NEWLY REPORTED)
                                   RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                     HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
BUSINESS    DATE        LAST       CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
CATEGORY    REPTD       SALE            $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
ADVERTISNG  10/24/16    --             --        --   --   --   --   --   --
Payment Terms: VARIED
FINCL SVCS  10/03/16    --            900        --   --   --   --   --   --
Payment Terms: REVOLVE
WELDING     09/14/16    10/15          --        --   --   --   --   --   --
Payment Terms: NET 30

FOOTNOTES: + IN FIRST COLUMN INDICATES COMPANY IS PAYING FASTER THAN THE
INDUSTRY NORM;
- IN FIRST COLUMN INDICATES COMPANY IS PAYING SLOWER THAN THE INDUSTRY NORM;
= IN FIRST COLUMN INDICATES COMPANY PAYS THE SAME AS THE INDUSTRY NORM;
<,> SIGNS INDICATE TRUE HIGH CREDIT OR BALANCE IS < OR > AMOUNT SHOWN


ADDITIONAL PAYMENT EXPERIENCES:
(TRADE LINES WITH AN '*' ARE NEWLY REPORTED)
                                   RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                     HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
BUSINESS    DATE        LAST       CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
CATEGORY    REPTD       SALE            $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
ACCT SVCS   05/17/16    --          1,500       700   -- 100%   --   --   --
Payment Terms: VARIED
BLDG MATRL  08/16/15    02/07          --        --   --   --   --   --   --
Payment Terms: CREDIT
Comments: ACCTCLOSED
CRED CARD   10/28/16    --         16,400    16,400 100%   --   --   --   --
Payment Terms: REVOLVE
FINCL SVCS  08/01/14    02/06         800        --   --   --   --   --   --
Payment Terms: NET 30
Comments: ACCTCLOSED

TRADE PAYMENT TOTALS:
                                      RECENT    ------ ACCOUNT STATUS ------
                                        HIGH               -DAYS PAST DUE-
                                      CREDIT   BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
                                           $         $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
CONTINUOUSLY REPORTED: 3                 900        --   --   --   --   --   --
DBT: N/A
NEWLY REPORTED: --                        --        --   --   --   --   --   --
DBT: N/A
TRADE LINE TOTALS: 3                     900        --   --   --   --   --   --
DBT: N/A
HIGHEST CREDIT MEDIAN: USD 900

PAYMENT HISTORY - QUARTERLY AVERAGES:
                                      -DAYS PAST DUE-
                          BALANCE        1-  31-  61-
                DBT             $  CUR   30   60   90  91+
3RD-Q-16         --            --   --   --   --   --   --
2ND-Q-16         --            --   --   --   --   --   --
1ST-Q-16         --            --   --   --   --   --   --
4TH-Q-15         --           600 100%   --   --   --   --
3RD-Q-15         --            --   --   --   --   --   --

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016


                              166 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Wilson Daily Times (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 26, 2013 Friday

Senator's comment draws criticism

BYLINE: Janet Conner-Knox, The Wilson Daily Times, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 633 words


April 26--A Tweet from State Senator Angela Bryant is drawing some criticism
from Republican leaders in Nash County. And they demanded an apology.

Bryant, a Democrat, said in a Tweet "GOP political terrorism on poor along
marathon survival route with pressure cooker bombs; pay 4 drug tests, IDs,
criminal checks."

Nash County Republicans said Bryant used "harmful language."

"The Nash County Republican Party fully understands Sen. Bryant holds a
different viewpoint from the majority party in the Senate," said Nash County GOP
Chairman Mark Edwards. "This, however, gives her no license to use this type of
shameful, divisive and harmful language."

The Tweet was posted Tuesday morning.

Bryant later removed the Tweet and apologized for the statement.

Bryant said she regrets the comments she made, and said her comments were out of
her frustration with laws that unfairly target poor people.

"The Tweet that offended people was out of that frustration and was not intended
to minimize the suffering of the recent events in Boston or demean anyone,"
Bryant said in a phone interview Thursday evening. "It was an expression of
frustration of the piling on attacks to the poor."

Bryant said there is a laundry list of proposed laws that could be barriers for
poor people. She pointed to universal drug testing for Work First applicants and
recipients. Those who test positive will have to pay for treatment, even though
it is covered under Medicare, she said. Requiring voter identification, reducing
the number of Early Voting days, attempting to stop same day voter registration,
cutting locations open for Early Voting and requiring universal criminal checks
for public assistance programs, like food stamps, are also targeting poor
people, Bryant said.

Bryant said only the poor will have to submit to these tests to have access to
programs.

"This is not something for free -- this is about families who are at their most
vulnerable economic point, whether it's a lost job or a disability, mental
illness," Bryant said. "They are not in the middle class economy and these
programs are to help families avoid human suffering and extreme depravation for
children, which is hard for the overall community."

There is no evidence that poor people are more addicted to drugs than any other
group, she said. People in programs, like Work First, are already screened and
referred if they have a problem, Bryant said.

She also said 90 percent are drug free and that there is a structure and
strategy in place for those who are addicted.

Bryant said she disagrees with the hurdles being put in place.

"People would have to swear they are too poor to vote, or they would have to pay
for an ID," Bryant points out. "Also with fewer places to vote there will be a
need for transportation just to vote."

Bryant said employers will have potential employees take a drug test. To apply
for a program doesn't have anything to do with drugs, she said.

Bryant said the piling on of barriers for poor people and limiting health care
seems to demean, punish, stigmatize and blame them.

Bryant represents Nash, Wilson, Halifax, Vance and Warren counties. She was
appointed to the seat in January.

Gary Proffitt, Wilson County GOP chairman, said he is glad Bryant apologized.

"I'm impressed she called and apologized," Proffitt said.

On Thursday, the Nash County GOP issued their statement on the issue calling for
the apology.

"We always welcome the debate of different policies in the arena of ideas,"
Edwards said earlier Thursday. "These debates need to be held with respect and
dignity. Sen. Bryant's remarks are neither respectful nor dignified."

janet@wilsontimes.com -- 265-7847

___ (c)2013 The Wilson Daily Times (Wilson, N.C.) Visit The Wilson Daily Times
(Wilson, N.C.) at www.wilsontimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130426-ZW-Senator-s-comment-draws-criticism-0426-20130426

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZW


                     Copyright 2013 The Wilson Daily Times


                              167 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                October 10, 1998 Saturday MORNING FINAL EDITION

PROP. 9 WON'T PUT STATE BONDS AT RISK

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 1302 words


I take issue with the Mercury News' categorization of Proposition 9 (Opinion,
Sept. 27). Your editorial states that Proposition 9 "could well disrupt the
public bond market by canceling $6 billion in issued bonds." What your paper
states as a possibility is highly unlikely, according to the state legislative
analyst's office and three independent financialfirms.

As reported in the Sacramento Bee on Sept. 25, the state legislative analyst's
office (in the ballot pamphlet analysis) didn't include any mention of the
possibility that taxpayers would be left holding a $6 billion bag, because the
legislative analyst's office felt that this scenario couldn't occur.

Given the above evidence, I am left with this question: Why is the Mercury News
turning its back on California consumers and supporting the "no on 9" campaign?

-- Julia Brashares
San Francisco
Mercury News is anti-animal

JUDGING from your recent editorials, animals trying to avoid needless pain and
suffering should get as far away from the Mercury News as possible. Your
positions favoring cruel and tortuous leg-hold traps and horrible shooting
deaths for wild pigs and against protections for aging horses bound for
slaughter show a callous disregard for our innocent co-Earthlings.

The Mercury News position of "kill them first" leaves many of us wondering which
species is next on your hit list.

-- Walter Bremer
San Mateo
Unfair attacks on Menlo council

MANY in Menlo Park have expressed sadness over increasingly bizarre editorials
written about us in the Mercury News. We appreciate differences of opinion, but
baseless attacks don't demean us, they demean journalism.

For example, your editorial of Sept. 25 claims that Menlo Park has an
"anti-development" council majority. In fact, building is at or near historical
highs in Menlo Park. We have supported the mammoth University Circle project
though it may yet impact us greatly. And, as a council, we have made only six or
seven land-use decisions. No project was rejected. Only one was essentially
modified, and that was minor. How does this justify the label
"anti-development?" On land-use decisions, Bernie Valencia and Steve Schmidt
have identical voting records. How did Valencia escape being smeared like
Schmidt?

You say that Menlo Park has a weak, irresponsible regional presence, when under
the new majority, Menlo Park for the first time regularly attends all county
bodies -- including a new one, the Airport Roundtable. We even attempted to
expand the group across counties to include Palo Alto. Schmidt's impressive
appointments to regional bodies resulted from competitive elections among peers
in the county. No disrespect there. And Menlo Park recently initiated creation
of a new regional body to manage the San Francisquito Creek. Palo Alto quickly
joined, and Stanford supports it.

You defend incumbent Valencia who does not participate regionally and whose
chronic local absenteeism is so frequent (20 percent) and so persistent (four
years) that it attracted extensive local coverage.

Consider using the labels "irresponsible" and "excessive" for Valencia and the
other minority council member, Bob Burmeister, instead of the active,
functioning majority.

-- Paul Collacchi
Mayor Pro Tem, Menlo Park
Jellins and Valencia in Menlo Park

I hope Menlo Park voters are as tired as I am of the contention and pettiness on
the Menlo Park city council. Let's return common sense and practicality to our
city deliberations and stop wasting tax dollars on doomed litigation over Sand
Hill Road.

Vote for Nicholas Jellins and Bernie Valencia for council. The other candidates
support the same tired obstructionist ideas that have made Menlo Park the
laughingstock of the Peninsula.

-- Kathleen Much
Menlo Park
Prop. 10 paves way for black market

I do not smoke, but I'm opposed to the tobacco tax in Proposition 10. This
isjust one more step toward tobacco prohibition initiated by do-gooders who want
to protect people from themselves. Yesterday it was a ban on smoking in bars.
Today it is a huge tax increase. Tomorrow will bring bans on smoking in
individual residences and still more tax increases.

The Mercury News reports the additional 50-cent tax imposed by Proposition 10
would raise the average cost of cigarettes to $3.05 per pack. And don't forget
federal legislation, although stalled for now, will be back. The federal tax
will eventually pass, and that could raise the price an additional $1.10 to
$4.15 per pack.

At that point a huge unregulated black market for tobacco would develop.
Unscrupulous people would be able to avoid all taxes, severely undercut
legitimate retailers, and make a tidy profit.

-- Ken Cavagnaro
San Jose
Two critical votes on education

VOTE carefully. Proposition 8 (Page 1B, Sept. 13) is not what it appears to be.

Class-size reduction is already guaranteed in California. And we don't need more
state bureaucrats to oversee education, especially in the form of a Chief
Inspector of Schools who would be appointed, not elected, for a 10-year stint.

An important race for state superintendent of education has been almost
invisible. Incumbent Delaine Eastin, who is well-supported in her field, is
being challenged by Gloria Tuchman. What many people don't know is that Tuchman
is heavily funded from the far right.

Get informed and vote wisely. Decisions on these two items could affect all of
us for generations to come.

-- Nancy Faulstich
Santa Cruz
Don't give in to New Hampshire

I approve of your suggestion that states be grouped into regions during the
presidential primary election campaign (Opinion, Oct. 5) and that the order in
which these regions hold their primaries should rotate after each election
cycle.

However, I do not see the justification for allowing New Hampshire to continue
receiving special status and skewing the electoral process in its favor by
always holding its primary first. It is puzzling that other states acquiesce in
this arrogance.

California should schedule its primary election at least as early as New
Hampshire's and if a tit-for-tat struggle for the earliest primary ensues, fine.
Let's impose some short-term pain in the electoral process and then perhaps
Congress or the states will be motivated to make it fair for the long term.

-- Michael Simon
Los Altos
Kubby is good alternative

SOMETIMES, it seems that government today is about mastering, even herding the
population. How else to explain the refusal of various branches of government to
honor Proposition 215 on the one side of the political spectrum, and
Propositions 209 and 227 on the other?

From all the debate and campaign rhetoric I've heard so far, gubernatorial
candidates Gray Davis and Dan Lungren apparently believe that it is OK to compel
people to obey, and to spend their money, on behalf of a "good cause." Each
simply favors different causes. I'm not satisfied, and apparently I'm not alone
-- witness the recent Mercury News article declaring "Valley electorate not sold
on choices" (Page 1A, Oct. 2).

I'm relieved that we have another choice. Libertarian Steve Kubby realizes that
the person best suited to know what is best for you, and to make choices for
you, is you. Kubby pledges to work to reduce government's control of your life,
leaving most choices up to you, and your hard-earned wages in your pocket. He
has already demonstrated his commitment, as a leader of the successful
Proposition 215 campaign.

Despite being a serious candidate, Kubby is excluded from "official"
gubernatorial debates. So, before November's election, please visit his Website
at
www.kubby.com to judge Kubby's positions and proposals for yourself, and to
learn where you can meet with him.

-- James Merritt
Santa Cruz

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: OPINION
ELECTION '98

                     Copyright 1998 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              168 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                           October 18, 2007 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

At loggerheads over a logo;
A Maine Indian tribe says Cleveland's Chief Wahoo is demeaning, but the team has
no plans to change it.

BYLINE: ELBERT AULL Staff Writer Staff Writer Steve Solloway contributed to this
report.

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 757 words


Seven years ago, the Penobscot Indian Nation sent a message to the Cleveland
Indians: It's time to dump ''Chief Wahoo.''

Tribal leaders said the red-faced caricature that adorns the Major League
Baseball team's uniforms is a demeaning anachronism, more fitting for the days
of Cotton Clubs and blackface than the 21st century. They passed a resolution
that urged team officials to ''eliminate'' the logo.

The vote was of special significance to tribal leaders. The Cleveland franchise
traces its name to a Penobscot man, Louis F. Sockalexis, the first American
Indian to play in the big leagues - a man who overcame near-constant taunts to
shine on the baseball diamond during a short career in the late 1800s.

The resolution is dated Oct. 3, 2000. Penobscot leaders never received a
response from Cleveland's front office, and now the issue has come to the fore
again, as the Red Sox and Indians play tonight with an American League pennant
on the line.

''When I'm watching this series, there are a bunch of things going through my
mind,'' said Donna Loring, the Penobscot Nation's representative to the state
Legislature and a loyal Red Sox fan.

There's the logo, Loring said. But there's also the nickname ''Indians,'' which
honors a fellow Penobscot, she said.

Sockalexis was born on Indian Island and broke into baseball at the College of
the Holy Cross in Worcester, Mass.

He arrived in Cleveland in 1897, less than seven years after the Dakota Sioux
and U.S. 7th Cavalry squared off at Wounded Knee.

Sockalexis' arrival created such a stir that local newspapers jokingly dubbed
his team, the Cleveland Spiders, the ''Cleveland Indians.''

''Racism was accepted in journalism in that day,'' said Ed Rice of Orono, the
author of a book on Sockalexis. ''Sportswriters would write things like, 'He's
gonna be scalping people.' ''

Sockalexis batted .338, stole 16 bases and drove in 42 runs over 66 games that
season. He awed crowds by throwing out runners from the outfield.

But his season was cut short by an ankle injury that July, reportedly sustained
after jumping from the second-story window of a brothel.

Sockalexis, burdened by alcohol abuse and taunts from opposing players and fans,
played sparingly for Cleveland until 1899. He finished his baseball career in
the minors and returned to Maine, where he died of heart failure in 1913.

Two years later, Cleveland became the Indians permanently, after a string of
nicknames failed to stick.

Researchers debate whether there is enough evidence to conclude that Sockalexis
was the inspiration for the name change - the team maintains he was - but there
is much less debate over the origin of Chief Wahoo. The logo was conceived
decades after the 1915 name change and was never meant to resemble Sockalexis,
Rice said.

But the red face with buck teeth and a goofy smile strikes a nerve with
Penobscot leaders such as Loring, who believe it tarnishes the legacy of the
very man the team holds up as the inspiration for its nickname.

''That (logo) actually denigrated the contribution that Sockalexis made to the
team and to professional sports,'' she said.

The Penobscot council's resolution in 2000 asked the Indians to ''eliminate''
the Chief Wahoo logo and stated that ''Louis Sockalexis was a handsome, talented
and proud Penobscot Indian who is neither being recognized nor honored by the
cartoon mascot.''

Penobscot leaders sent the resolution to Cleveland's front office. Rice said he
handed the document to Bob DiBiasio, the team's vice president of public
relations, during a stop in Cleveland to promote his Sockalexis book.

The Penobscots never heard back. And it is unlikely they will hear anything
soon.

DiBiasio said Wednesday that team officials have no plans to open a dialogue on
Chief Wahoo with the tribe.

The team did develop a second logo, a script ''I'' meant to resemble a feather,
in response to concerns about Chief Wahoo, he said.

DiBiasio argues that the answer to whether the logo is demeaning lies in the
intent of the Cleveland organization rather than the varied perceptions of fans.

''We ask, if there is no intent to demean, can it be demeaning? We have no
intent to demean,'' he said.

Loring said she hopes the Cleveland Indians will someday work with Penobscots to
draw up a new, respectable emblem to replace Chief Wahoo.

''I see the name 'Indians' on their uniforms and I immediately think of
Sockalexis, and I think that's an honor,'' she said.

''I think of something else when I see that logo.''


Staff Writer Elbert Aull can be contacted at 791-6325 or at:

eaull@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos courtesy Baseball Hall of Fame Library, Cooperstown, N.Y.;
Associated Press
Clockwise from left: Louis F. Sockalexis during his playing days, Chief Wahoo
and some Cleveland Indians.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              169 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      May 6, 1993, Thursday, City Edition

Column demeans both museum and Holocaust

SECTION: EDITORIAL; LETTERS; Pg. 15A

LENGTH: 1868 words



Re: There is another message behind the Holocaust Museum.

What does Jacob Neusner tell us about the Holocaust Museum and the  Holocaust
itself in his column of May 1?

He begins by saying that "American Jewry's obsession with remembering the
catastrophe, to the near-exclusion of all else, comes to triumphant  conclusion"

 in the museum. He claims that "Holocaust memorials bear the  message that
Gentiles are not to be trusted" These incredible,  near-blasphemous statements,
and others equally bereft of even the hint of any  supporting argument except
for more of his assertions, fill the column.

For example, he tells us that the 1967 War led to "American Jewish  Holocaust
mania" He tells us about some of the deepest feelings of "an  entire generation"

 of American Jews without any hesitation, as if he was  telling us the truth. He
tells us that intermarried Jews choose "not to raise  another generation of
Jews," again claiming certain knowledge of exceedingly  complex phenomena that
continue to baffle social scientists, but not Neusner.

He pointedly ignores other meanings the museum symbolizes for other people.  For
example, it is an eloquent affirmation that the United States of America
recognizes the reality of the Holocaust; that, contrary to the ravings of  some,
it did happen. It says that we know a great deal about the Holocaust in  terms
of where and when and how it happened and to whom and by whom. It  presents us
with profoundly difficult questions: "Who and what is humankind  that we should
come to this?" With Elie Wiesel, we ask: "Why was God  silent?" The museum
demonstrates that the evidence for the reality of the  Holocaust, horrible as it
is, and any other representation of it, can never  enable us to know how
horrible it was to personally experience the Holocaust.  And it says much, much
more. But Neusner doesn't care about such matters.

His concern, rather, seems to be to paint a biased picture of American  Jewry
that conforms to his personal image of Jewish identity. In the process  he
demeans both the museum and the Holocaust itself. One would anticipate more
from a distinguished research professor.

Gilbert Kushner, Professor of Anthropology,

University of South Florida, Tampa

  Jacob Neusner asks what precisely Jews are trying to say by their  concerns
regarding the Holocaust and Israel. He then proceeds to provide his  answer
which is more provoking than provocative.

There are those of us in the Jewish community who are inclined to ask,  instead,
"What precisely is it that Neusner is trying to say?" Why is he  delivering a
harsh message which seems to undo the progress Jews and non-Jews  have made in
understanding and trusting each other? Why, pray tell, does he  choose this
precise time to deliver his questionable message?

Some may choose to respond cynically regarding Neusner's message. They may,
indeed, view him as one who seeks attention, or they may regard him as a
sophist, who is preoccupied with how he sounds to his audience.

On the other hand, it is necessary to rebut to some of his claims. First,  there
is no "American Jewish Holocaust mania." Despite the efforts of  anti-Semites to
rewrite history by denying the Holocaust, the Holocaust is a  reality for every
American Jew. Virtually every American Jew lost some  relative in the Holocaust.
For that matter, there are numerous survivors with  their concentration camp
brands in the Tampa Bay area.

The Holocaust is a significant part of the Jewish religion in its quest for
justice and humanity for all mankind. Elie Wiesel's plea for the Bosnian
Muslims at the U.S. Holocaust Museum's dedication provided eloquent proof.
Israel's providing refuge for Bosnian refugees was additional proof.

As for the role of Israel, certainly Neusner is aware of the central role  of
Israel and Jerusalem in Jewish prayer. We American Jews are Americans, and  we
need not vote to support Israel with our feet by migration. On the other  hand,
many American Jews, both religious and secular, support and wish Israel  well.
We take great pride in the scientific, medical and technological  contributions
Israel makes to the world. Certainly the angels need not weep!

Norman N. Gross, president, PRIMER,

(Promoting Responsibility in Middle East Reporting)

Palm Harbor

Jacob Neusner's column is an excellent example of intellectual obfuscation.

To place the remembrance of the genocidal annihilation of two-thirds of the
Jewish population of Europe in the disinformational phrasing of "a triumphant
conclusion," is to denigrate, vulgarize and dismiss with contempt the agony  of
all people who historically witnessed the most bestial, inhuman acts of
brutality visited upon the bodies and souls of other human beings.

That the Gentile world seems to ignore the 6-million to 7-million non-Jews  who
met the same fate can only be equated in the terms of ignoring the past  and
repeating its mistakes as seen in the "ethnic cleansing" by the  Serbians.

I have been sickened by the past and I am proud of all the efforts being  made
to protect us from the forces of evil stalking the world today.

I am proud of my ethos and my ethnicity as are obviously most, if not all,  of
those who profess to be Jewish.

As for Mr. Neusner, I suggest he go back to the Torah to discover just how
tough and how real-worldly Judaism is.

Bertram J. Miller, Beverly Hills

Sounds good, but will it work?

  It's not easy for me to say anything against young people getting a  college
education, but President Clinton's way of making it available goes  against
practicality. Making loans more available is okay, but these young  people
should have only one way to pay the money back: Make payments after  graduation
or have the money taken out of their wages.

This monkey-business of community service will be just another way for the
priority of the graduate to be "get a new car, stereo or some other luxury
item" and, again, the taxpayer gets hit for the bill.

It's getting easier year after year to get sick of government programs that
sound good but don't work.

Dean Franklin, Clearwater

Handling terrorists

  Re: The kidnapping of 18 Supreme Court justices of Costa Rica. Hooray  for the
little country of Costa Rica for showing the United States and other  countries
how to handle terrorists!

How wonderful that they promised the terrorists everything they wanted -   paid
them the ransom, provided them with a safe haven airplane escape, got  their
justices safely back - and then reneged on the deal and arrested the
kidnappers, hopefully for prison incarceration for 50 years or, preferably,
prompt execution.

In the United States, one cannot enforce a contract if it is enacted under
illegal duress. Therefore, to carry out an agreement forced by prison  convicts,
terrorists or kidnappers is in itself illegal as unenforceable by  our laws.

So, in the future, let us emulate the sensible Costa Ricans. Promise them
anything they want, get our victims back at little or no cost, then renege and
point to the legal unenforceability of the terms as justification for throwing
the animals into prison. Two or three episodes like this may convince future
terrorists that they can't trust any government's agreement, so why start the
exercise in the first place?

And, Attorney General Reno, think of the accolades and praise heaped on  your
head by both Republican and Democratic law-abiding people if you adopt  this
legal policy! The only objection I foresee is from the terrorists  themselves
and, possibly, the ACLU.

J. C. Clement, Tierra Verde

First-class treatment

Re: Mummy turns up empty-headed, April 30.

I can't begin to tell you how angry I was after reading this article.

There are so many people without any health benefits who need this kind of
attention but can't get it because they can't afford to pay for it, but yet
here is a mummy dead 3,000 years getting first-class medical treatment. Who's
paying for that?

I don't think it was the mummy who "didn't have much upstairs," but the  persons
who conducted the CAT scan.

Mary T. Ramsey, Port Richey

"Imagine the uproar'

Can you imagine the uproar if April 28 had been, "Take our Sons to Work  Day"?

Jim Snyder, St. Petersburg

24-screen theater

  Re: The 24-screen theater in downtown St. Petersburg.

We have now the Dome as a white elephant. Do we need a second one as a  downtown
24-screen theater?

Arda Unjian, St. Petersburg

Re: Your recent articles concerning a 24-screen theater complex for  downtown
St. Petersburg. I can visualize 10 or 15, but be realistic - 24! If  you've ever
been to Tyrone-6 or Crossroads-8 theaters you're lucky to have 10  people in the
audience. So, be realistic - 24?

As a resident who has called St. Petersburg home since the '40s I can  remember
when St. Petersburg had some beautiful "art deco" theaters downtown  as well as
shops and "activity" - but 24 theaters!

Mary E. May, St. Petersburg

Women are not breeders

Recently some writers have expressed their frustration at the anti-abortion
people who have no intention of financially helping pregnant women. Although
that is an important observation, I do not see it as the real issue. Even if a
person were to try to stop me from having an abortion by agreeing to pay my
bills and raise my baby, I would still probably have my abortion. Why? Because
at this point in my life, I do not want to bear a child for another person. If
I ever change my mind, it will be a decision based on my own personal feelings
and not from the intimidation, harassment or empty promises of others. I  resent
people trying to tell me that, because they have not been able to adopt  a baby
(read: they have not been able to adopt a white, healthy newborn baby),  it is
my responsibility to have one for them. Adoption is a wonderful thing if  all
parties are willing to participate. Although I empathize with childless  people,
I cannot advocate nor ignore the association that many are too willing  to make
between my pregnant sisters and breeders.

Lori J. Guevara, President, Students United

for Reproductive Freedom, Tampa

Straight helped

The St. Petersburg Times must really be pleased since they reported the  closing
of the Tampa Bay Straight program.

The Times has bashed, trashed and taken every opportunity to put Straight  in
the worst light, whenever it was possible.

I know, without a doubt, that my two sons would still be getting high, in  jail
or dead if it weren't for the Straight program and our involvement.

Unfortunately, in 1989, HRS moved in and destroyed the effective process of  the
program.

J. Hindman, Dunedin

Share your opinions

Letters for publication should be addressed to Letters to the Editor, P.O.  Box
1121, St. Petersburg, FL 33731. They must include the handwritten  signature and
address of the writer. Letters may be edited for clarity, taste  and length.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE CARTOON, Don Addis; Person lying in bed in hospital
burn unit covered in bandages. Sign at end of bed says, "MEDICAL CARE CUSTOMERS"

TYPE: LETTER

                            Times Publishing Company


                              170 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                              May 23, 2010 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

EVERYBODY'S COLUMN / Letters from our readers

SECTION: VIEWPOINTS; Pg. G5

LENGTH: 1677 words


Remark to Obama demeans all of us

Although I grew up in New England, I have now lived in Buffalo for many more
years than my birthplace and am very proud of, and fiercely loyal to, our great
city. My husband and I recently hosted college friends from Kentucky and
California, and they were quite astonished at the treasures we showed them: the
Basilica in Lackawanna, which rivals churches we've seen in Europe, Frank Lloyd
Wright architecture, Frederick Law Olmsted-designed parks, mansions on Delaware
Avenue, interesting shops and restaurants on Elmwood Avenue, canal history on
the waterfront and charming suburban villages.

I am distressed that they and the rest of the nation are now hearing on the
national news that President Obama came to Buffalo and was called a "hottie." It
was reported that he took it with good humor; I am having a hard time doing so.
I find it disrespectful and counterproductive, as it is my wish that the world
will see us as a classy city; a place that they would like to visit, or even
relocate to. I am not so much blaming Luann Haley for her flippant remark as I
am finding it unfortunate that the press chose to make this the biggest story of
Obama's visit to Buffalo. Call me overly sensitive, but I feel it demeans all of
us.

Doris Caputi

North Boston

***

'Hottie' comment was inappropriate

I thought all of the local television coverage of our president's visit was
excellent, from the time of his arrival to his departure -- it was exciting.
What a wonderful opportunity for Buffalo and for the people who were fortunate
to be able to meet and visit with him.

However, I did not feel it necessary to air, report and repeat the quip made by
the woman at Duff's -- "you're a hottie." This is downright offensive and
disrespectful to this distinguished and pleasant family man -- the president of
the United States, for goodness sake -- not a rock star.

And yet, two days later, the media were still focused on repeating this story.
It was the No. 1 countdown story on one channel's morning news. Enough already.
Isn't anyone else offended by this woman's actions? It's now national news. Is
this the best report that can come out of the president's visit to Buffalo? Now
I am not a prude and have a wonderful sense of humor, but I personally would
have used this line on someone at a more appropriate time -- like at a bar,
after a few drinks.

Linda S. LaPorte

Batavia

***

President deserves courtesy of respect

Respect is somewhat lacking in our society today. For someone to tell our
president that he is a "hottie, with a smokin' little body" oversteps the rules
of respect. The woman who made this statement, in public, to President Obama
should be very ashamed. Our president, whether at a state function or a local
restaurant, deserves the courtesy of respect. Nothing else.

Michael J. Lelonek

Clarence

***

Let's keep veterans in thoughts, prayers

After watching the epic HBO mini-series "The Pacific," I am left feeling a huge
thank you is owed to all veterans of the World War II generation. The pain,
suffering, death, carnage, disease and atrocities these men had to endure is
without equal. Producers Tom Hanks and Steven Spielberg showed war at its worst,
and the fact that these men came home, lived normal lives and became the fathers
and grandfathers that we know is truly remarkable. With Memorial Day fast
approaching, remember to keep all veterans in your thoughts and prayers, for the
freedoms we enjoy today were paid for with the lives of many.

Ronald Startek

Hamburg

***

Our nation's veterans have sacrificed much

Many thoughts run through my mind about the remembrance of our warriors' lives
lost in Iraq and Afghanistan but also in the wars I truly know about.

Many of us remember the Korean War and the loss of a whole generation of young
men and women. In the Vietnam War, we lost another generation of men and women.
Memories of them remain in the homes of those who lost loved ones.

Young people walk by some granite stone in a park and wonder what happened in
those wars. This history is taught very little. Maybe America is waking up to
the thought that respect should be given to those who sacrifice their lives for
our country. More than 50 million people died in World War II because a few
politicians thought it was the right thing to do.

I ask all readers to really think about whether we should have our young people
fighting for others who, after eight or nine years, still do not want us in
their country except for what we can do for them. Our country is falling apart,
with debt sustaining these wars, while we lose our sons' and daughters' lives to
ungrateful rulers.

Say a prayer for the men and women over there and God bless them all and bring
them home safely.

Earl Frampton

U.S. Navy, 1956-1962

USS Franklin Roosevelt

Eden

***

Expansion of slavery was key issue in war

This is in response to the May 10 letter related to the Civil War titled, "Issue
of states' rights was key reason for war." The writer stated that "the main
reason the war was fought was because of states' rights in regard to secession
and nullification." He acknowledged but downplayed the issue of slavery.

The issue that resulted in secession was not simply slavery versus states'
rights; rather, the crisis involved a dispute over the expansion of slavery in
the new territories. This topic was the essence of the Lincoln-Douglas debates
in 1858, and Lincoln's Cooper Union speech in 1860. To underscore that point, in
his first inaugural address, Lincoln said, "I have no purpose to interfere with
the institution of slavery in the states where it exists. I believe I have no
lawful right to do so."

States have rights: to tax, to educate, to license, etc., but many of these
rights have moral dimensions as in the case of gay marriage, abortion or
segregated schools. Consequently, the phrase "states' rights" cannot stand
alone. It must be viewed in some context, and in the case of the American Civil
War, that context was exclusively slavery.

David Gorlewski

Cheektowaga

***

Lincoln's objective was to save the Union

I was wondering how long it would take for the sanctimonious to wave their
fingers at the truthful assertion that states' rights were the underlying cause
of the American Civil War. The ink was not dry on the Constitution when
Americans began to argue over governmental power and where it should be
concentrated. The states' rights federal supremacy saga began as a philosophical
political debate that evolved into a military conflict that climaxed as the
American Civil War.

Abraham Lincoln's own words serve to support the analysis that the Civil War was
truly a conflict between the supporters of a federation, or a strong federal
government and the supporters of a confederation, those who wanted strong state
governments.

Lincoln, in a letter to Horace Greeley, wrote: "My paramount object in this
struggle is to save the Union, and is not either to save or to destroy slavery.
If I could save the Union without freeing any slave I would do it, and if I
could save it by freeing all the slaves I would do it; and if I could save it by
freeing some and leaving others alone I would also do that."

The states' rights construct in explaining the cause of the Civil War neither
defends slavery nor the treasonous act of secession; it is rather a rational
conclusion based on the historical record.

Patrick Braunscheidel

West Seneca

***

Officers must enforce our immigration laws

As I observe the hysteria developing around the country related to the Arizona
law allowing state and local police officers to determine the alien status of
persons detained for other law violations, I would like to give credit to the
police agencies in Western New York for the manner in which they work. As a
retired U.S. Border Patrol agent who spent the majority of my career here, I can
testify that, at one time or another, I was contacted by virtually every Western
New York department when officers encountered illegal aliens.

I never experienced police officers, deputy sheriffs or troopers from New York
and Pennsylvania who would allow illegals to remain at large, or a community
that insisted on providing sanctuary for illegals. Granted, we don't have the
pressures here of Southern border communities, but I cannot imagine the officers
I knew refusing to cooperate with the Border Patrol in the enforcement of
immigration law. I believe the current attacks on the Arizona law are a
precursor and excuse to attack the federal immigration law as racist and biased
later this year.

Dick Mauer

Angola

***

Reduce oil consumption by electrifying railroads

It was encouraging to see The News promoting the use of nuclear power in its May
10 editorial, "Nuclear power now." However, nuclear energy cannot directly
replace foreign oil as the editorial implies. Nuclear energy is used to generate
electricity and only a very small percentage of the oil used in the United
States is used to generate electricity. More than half of the oil is used for
transportation -- airplanes, automobiles, buses, railroad locomotives and
trucks.

Substituting electricity for oil in some of these uses is one way to reduce oil
consumption. All-electric automobiles are being developed. Railroad
electrification is another way to reduce oil consumption. Only a small
percentage of railroad tracks in the United States are currently electrified.
However, the cost of the electrical installation is very high.

In the 1960s, a study was made to electrify the New York Central Railroad
between New York and Chicago. Because railroads had difficulty raising capital,
the proposal was for the various electric utilities to install and own the
electrical installation. Nothing came of this study (the railroad would supply
the electric locomotives).

While I hesitate to suggest another government agency, would it be possible to
have an agency similar to the Rural Electrification Administration that would
finance and own the electrical installation? Capital costs would be lower and
property taxes on the electrical installation would be avoided.

Craig A. Woodworth

Town of Tonawanda

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sharon Cantillon/Buffalo News Tom Krahaus, left, watches as Joe Falsone
places flags on a memorial wreath at a Veterans Day observance in Buffalo. Derek
Gee/Buffalo News President Obama stopped at Duff's for some chicken wings during
his visit to Buffalo.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letters

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              171 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     January 1, 1989, Sunday, Final Edition

Biting the Hand That Governs;
We Demean the Bureaucracy, Then Cry About Uncivil Servicez

BYLINE: Graham Allison

SECTION: OUTLOOK; PAGE B5; INSIGHT

LENGTH: 798 words


SUPPOSE someone wanted to undermine the competence of a business, university or
public agency. He could cut the pay of its core professionals, demean the
institution, degrade the status and responsibilities of top-level managers,
deprive careerists of top jobs by filling them with outsiders more committed to
their own personal agenda than to the goals of the enterprise and discourage
able new people from joining the organization.

Since the late 1960s, that's exactly how we've treated the federal career civil
service. As inflation reduced pay, the past four presidents, Democratic and
Republican alike, denigrated the government in Washington. None was more
viscerally anti-government than Jimmy Carter. But, as usual, President Reagan
said it best: "Government is not the solution to our problems; government is the
problem."

Even so, Reagan has been presented with a historic opportunity. By approving the
pay increases recently recommended by the bipartisan Commission on Executive,
Legislative and Judicial Salaries, Reagan can begin to reverse two decades of
erosion in compensation and respect for those entrusted with our hardest public
choices.

The recommended 50 percent pay raise for Cabinet and sub-Cabinet members,
federal judges and congressmen will just about bring them back to 1969 levels of
pay, adjusted for inflation, at a total annual cost of only $ 77 million. But
the most important -- if least-discussed -- effect would be to allow the maximum
annual salaries paid to senior career officials to rise as well.

Over the past 20 years, these top officials have suffered a cut of more than one
third in real income. While congressmen have been able to supplement their
salaries with honoraria, career officials, executive-branch appointees and
judges have been forced to choose between lower living standards and abandoning
their careers. The numbers opting to leave have increased dramatically. The
average tenure of high-level government appointees has fallen to 18 months,
hardly long enough for someone to learn his job.

President Reagan can stop this erosion. But it will fall to President-elect Bush
to overcome two decades of neglect, if not of malign intent.

Successive administrations have shrunk opportunities for career civil servants
by placing political appointees above them three and four echelons deep, from
Cabinet secretary down to the level of bureau chief. Presidential appointments
have quadrupled in the past two decades to 500, and non-career positions in the
top grades have doubled to 700.

Recruiting efforts have done more to discourage than attract quality people. The
former associate director of the Office of Personnel Management, Terry Culler,
has argued the "best and brightest" should not serve in government at all, but
be encouraged to migrate to the private sector, our "true vehicle for
prosperity." Government should be "content to hire competent people, not the
best and most talented people," he said.

The message gets through. Applications for even the most prestigious entry slots
for new graduates, the Presidential Management Intern Program, have fallen from
1,000 a decade ago to 500 just this year. Meanwhile, applications for elite
White House fellowships, which offer citizens of all ages an opportunity to
serve in the executive branch, dropped from 2,000 to 800.

What would a coherent strategy to strengthen the competence of the career
service look like? First, President Reagan should approve, and Congress should
accept, the pay scales recommended by the Commission on Legislative, Executive
and Judicial Salaries.

Second, President-elect Bush and leaders in Congress should restore public pride
in jobs that guarantee our nation's security, freedom, rights and honor. No
president since John F. Kennedy has effectively sounded the call to public
service.

Third, the new administration should limit the number of political appointees,
resisting the temptation to reach so deeply into departments, and thereby
enhancing the status and responsibility of career civil servants.

Finally, we private citizens must recognize our stake in the competence and
performance of our government. The case is as obvious as it is neglected. In an
increasingly complex world, the demands for intelligence and craft in designing
limited but effective government actions rise steadily.

Democracy, it has been observed, is the form of governance in which citizens get
the government they deserve. This administration and the next must take every
opportunity to invest in excellence in government. If they -- and we -- fail,
government in the 1990s might just give us our due -- the bitter yield of our
indifference.  Graham Allison is dean of the John F. Kennedy School of
Government at Harvard University.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION, PETER HOEY

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS, ANALYSIS

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                              172 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           September 10, 1993 Friday

MIDDLE KINGDOM   How to name a gorilla: carefully

BYLINE: STEPHEN STRAUSS; GAM

LENGTH: 1246 words


GOING APE: Some zoos refuse to demean gorillas with names. Others prefer
Swahili. Dian Fossey called one Pablo. What to do, what to do?
BY STEPHEN STRAUSS
Science Reporter
 HOLLYWOOD may show you King Kong scaling the Empire State Building. But a
more realistic gorilla drama today would depict the angst that grips zoos
and scientists as they struggle to name their apes.

While naming captive animals was once left to the whims of keepers, now
it is fraught with political, racial and linguistic complications. That
great apes should be variously known as Mkubwa, Mary Lou, Winifred, Fern
and Kiume Kele (a.k.a. Kelly) reveals as much about the times we live in
as the trends in human names that boast Victoria one generation and Latoya
another.

To begin with, should the animals be given names at all? There is a
persistent argument from some quarters that bestowing names on gorillas -
and other zoo animals for that matter - is "speciesist," and thereby
demeans their wild nature.

Although the Pittsburgh Zoo allows its keepers to give names to its
animals, it won't tell the public what they are. "We're trying to preserve
their integrity as wild animals," said zoo spokeswoman Lillie Wilson.
"Also, keepers can have more influence with the animals if their names
aren't called out at random by members of the public."

Other zoos believe that the hidden names represents a false
distinction. "Most animals will have names, whether officially bestowed or
not," writes William Conway, director of the Bronx Zoo in New York. "And
they will have them in nature" - as a specific smell or call or facial
expression - "whether we comprehend them or not."

Mr. Conway worries that the zoo-going public will assume nameless
animals to be more like robots than living creatures. "Purism is a risky
business," he observes.

Scientists devoted to studying gorillas in the wild have been willing
to give them unflattering names without the slightest hesitation. George
Schaller, who spent time with gorillas in Zaire, called one Split Nose and
another Scabby One. Dian Fossey, who studied gorillas in Burundi, was more
anthropomorphic in calling the animals she befriended Uncle Bert or Pablo.

The Santa Barbara Zoo, which is on the no-name side of the name-the-
animals debate, has arrived at a curious compromise in this area. People
who give money to feed the animals are allowed to give them a name, but it
is only a temporary name. If they stop donating, someone else comes in and
gets to rename the creature.

One naming tradition with a long history is one in which a zoo holds a
contest asking the public to name a baby animal. It was a contest like
this in New York City that gave a gorilla the name Pattycake.

Public participation can sometimes backfire. In 1985, the Philadelphia
Daily News in conjunction with the Philadelphia Zoo held just such a
contest. The winning entry was Annaka, an Indonesian word meaning "their
son." Among the honourable mentions was the name Rodger King, later
revealed to be an entry from a murder defendant to honour the lawyer who
was prosecuting him.

A newspaper columnist then wrote: "King may now have to live with the
nickname Gorilla. Or perhaps Kong." The prosecutor, a black man named
Roger King, sued the newspaper company for $250,000. At the trial in 1991,
he told the jury: "I resent any reference that my father or mother is a
gorilla."

A private settlement was reached. The zoo hasn't held another name-the-
gorilla contest.

While Mr. King did not feel honoured, in some zoos gorillas take on the
names of big donors or political figures who helped secure public money
for the institutions. In Chicago, there is a gorilla named JoRayK, to
honour Ray Kroc, the late owner of the McDonald's restaurant chain, and
his wife Joan. Political influence can also be seen in Atlanta where
Willie B, the gorilla, was named for William B. Hartsfield, the mayor at
the time.

The dominant movement over the past decade or so has been to give the
animals African names. "It lends more dignity to them than calling them
Mike," says Marilyn Cole, a zookeeper at the Metro Toronto Zoo.

Besides sounding dignified, these names reflect where they are found in
the wild. Thus Arabian oryxes in San Diego have Arabic names, orangutans
have Indonesian names and Bengal tigers Indian names. The zoo's condor,
the first born in captivity, was called Molloko, a Chumash Indian word
meaning condor.

Sometimes the names derive from mountains or rivers and sometimes they
tell a story about the animal. San Diego has a gorilla named Kimba Kumba,
which are Swahili words for baptism. The animal was so named because his
mother gave birth to him in a zoo moat. And the Philadelphia Zoo named one
of its animals Uhuru, a Swahili word meaning freedom, because it was born
on the Fourth of July.

The tendency for North American zoos to give gorillas Swahili names
reflects a sense of romance more than it does geographical accuracy.
Gorillas are found in central and west Africa, where a welter of other
languages are spoken. So giving a Swahili name to a gorilla is the
equivalent of calling a polar bear Pedro because Spanish is spoken in
Mexico.

Zoo officials agree that such names are not geographically accurate;
expediency governs their choice. "Swahili is the most accessible African
language because you can find books and dictionaries in it," says Lisa
Stephens, an assistant curator with the National Zoo in Washington.

But not everyone is convinced that African names allow for greater
dignity. When the Philadelphia Zoo named one of its animals Chaka, after
the warrior chief Chaka Zulu, it received letters of protest from people
who thought that demeaned the tribal leader.

In any case, keepers often can't remember what the African names mean,
and the public often can't pronounce them, and so the linguistic dignity
seems to fall to the level of those Japanese jackets that are decorated
with English words printed in a meaningless order.

Despite all the formal naming, many of the animals are privately known
by pet names that reflect how their keepers feel about them. Rufus turns
into Ruf and sometimes Rufus Dufus. Magoti turns into The Little Maggot
and Makari into Mack because she looks like a truck.

In the end, trends and inside jokes and rewards for rich donors give
way to a more basic human quality. Since humans name the animals, the
final arbiter is often the same eccentricity people use in labelling their
own kind. "Sometimes it is done the way people name their kids," says the
Cincinnati Zoo's director of primates, Mike Dulaney. "It just sounds
right."

WHAT'S IN A NAME

Winifred: Born in Cincinnati on Oct. 17, 1990, as the Reds were facing  the
Oakland A's in the World Series. Name breaks down into Win if Red.  Tofuni: A
Swahili word for storm, given because its owner was born in  Philadelphia during
last February's big snow storm.  J.J.: Named after the Cincinnati Zoo's famed
director, Jungle Jack Hanna.  Binte Jua: Swahali for "daughter of sunshine." Her
father's name?  Sunshine.  Jomo: An African name given to a Toronto gorilla that
neatly acknowledges  her mother, Josephine.  Cora: Given to a Columbus, gorilla,
an acronym for Central Ohio Rare  Animal.  Emmy: Given by the Columbus zoo to
honour Mayor M. E. Sennesbrunner, it  prompted Columbus to name its gorillas for
entertainment awards. And thus  we now have Toni and Oscar.  Bebac: The name the
Lincoln Park Zoo in Chicago allowed big donors Beverly  and Barry Crown to
attach to "their" gorilla.  Justin: Born in Philadelphia just in time for
Christmas.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1993 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              173 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           November 10, 2016 Thursday
                                  Home Edition

LETTERS;
When to worry

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; Letters Desk; Part A; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 1339 words


Re "How did Trump do it?" editorial, Nov. 9

True, your conclusion: "Nevertheless, the campaign, and the candidate, played to
the worst in America, and it has left the electorate scarred."

On first reading, I read "scared." That the next president and his
administration will continue to appeal to prejudice against immigrants and
refugees, disrespect for women and suspicion of and disregard for political and
social institutions is enough to elicit fear, regardless of party.

The difficult task for President-elect Donald Trump will be to assure all
Americans that he truly values inclusion, respects women, supports the media and
honors established U.S. global relationships despite his campaign claims and
promises. In his first 100 days, if he carries out his threats to abolish the
Affordable Care Act, to overthrow environmental protections and government
regulations and to end U.S. involvement with our allies, our fears will be
justified, and the next four years will be a reign of terror.

Lenore Navarro Dowling

Los Angeles

::

Trump did it because there were a lot of people like me who:

* Thought he couldn't be any worse than George W. Bush or Barack Obama.

* Wanted Supreme Court justices we could trust.

* Were tired of being underestimated by people who think they know everything,
including how elections are going to turn out.

* Were tired of money going to undocumented immigrants.

* Were tired of a government that shows more concern for foreign nations than it
does for us.

* Were tired of a government that calls itself a democracy but pays no attention
to the needs of the governed.

Trump may not do anything for us, but at least we sent a very strong message to
Washington about who's in charge. It's a message it really needed to hear.

Jeanne Mount

Beverly Hills

::

I woke up Wednesday morning at 4 a.m., turned on the TV and was stunned, like
millions of others, to hear the most unexpected news in my long life of 102
years: Our new president will be Donald Trump.

I won't be around much longer, but I am fearful for our future. I have lived
through periods where many lives have been sacrificed for the many political and
economic gains we now enjoy. Trump has threatened to reverse many of them, and
with Republican control of both houses of Congress, it is not an idle threat.

So many lives have been sacrificed to make this great country admired and
respected throughout the world. My plea to President-elect Trump is this:
Please, let's keep it that way.

Morrie Markoff

Los Angeles

::

I am not a racist, and I don't respect anyone who is. I don't demean and
objectify women, and I don't respect those who do. I don't make fun of
handicapped people, and I don't respect those who do.

I honor people who risk their lives to protect my liberty, and I don't respect
those who refuse to do so. I don't tell people how ugly they are because they
disagree with me, and I don't respect those who do.

I don't hire workers and then refuse to pay them, and I don't respect those who
do. I don't bully others, and I don't respect those who do. I don't lie in order
to achieve my goals, and I don't respect those who do.

I don't have the impertinence to claim that I know more than people who are my
betters, and I don't respect those who do. I don't incite animosity, denigrate
diversity, refuse to pay my fair share, mock constitutional values, or believe
that my success or my popularity entitles me to demean others, and I don't
respect those who do.

I am astonished, disappointed and embarrassed to discover that I am not in the
majority.

April Van Bibber

Lytle Creek, Calif.

::

Now that the election is over, it is time to get on with the peaceful transfer
of power from President Obama to Trump.

I know the mere mention of Trump's name makes some people's blood boil; however,
what's done is done. Democracy thrives because we are a nation of laws.

Going forward, my wish is that those who voted for Hillary Clinton, Gary Johnson
or Jill Stein (or didn't vote at all) work within the system to make the U.S. a
more perfect union. The best way to get there is peacefully and thoughtfully. By
definition, this means no civil war in the streets and no more congressional
dysfunction.

It is clear to this sixty-something father of three the character of our
neighbors and fabric of this nation will be tested between now and inauguration
day on Jan. 20, which means there is one more vote to tally. I'm counting on
people's better angels to win out.

Denny Freidenrich

Laguna Beach

::

Clinton's stunning loss to Trump brings to mind a similarly narrow and
unexpected electoral loss suffered by then-Los Angeles Mayor Tom Bradley in
1982, when he ran for governor against George Deukmejian.

Most preelection polls pointed to Bradley besting Deukmejian. Had Bradley won,
he would have become California's first black governor. Instead, Deukmejian
prevailed.

Post-election analysis suggested that racial dynamics had come into play when
pollsters asked potential voters about their candidate preference, which gave
rise to the political term "the Bradley effect." I recall another, more apt term
mentioned in The Times: "ballot-booth bigotry."

To explain Clinton's unexpected defeat, I'd submit a more decisive factor:
Ballot-booth misogyny. What a shame.

Gary Dolgin

Santa Monica

--

'King' Obama deserves blame

Re "President Trump. Now what?" editorial, Nov. 9

There was one huge issue that clearly contributed to Trump's victory: President
Obama acted as if he was "king" of America. Hillary Clinton was simply more
Obama.

After the humiliating midterm election of 2014 in which Obama and his Democrats
lost huge numbers of seats in the House and Senate -- and sent a clear message
that Americans didn't like what the administration was doing -- the "king"
instead doubled down on his unpopular policies with executive orders and legal
actions and arrogantly ignored Congress.

Obama, Clinton and their Democrats are out of touch with mainstream Americans,
as this election clearly shows. It will be a pleasure watching Trump undo what
the "king" and his Democrats should never have done in the first place.

Hopefully Trump will work with Congress and not emulate the misguided arrogance
of "King" Obama.

Larry Hamlin

Dana Point

::

Trump's victory has been decades in the making.

The Democrats abandoned their constituency of working people in favor of the
professional class. A flawed establishment candidate took her traditional
constituency for granted and ran such a lackluster and overly nuanced campaign
that she outsmarted herself. Even Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) could not inspire
enough voters to carry her over the finish line.

In January we will have a Republican president and a Republican Congress, and
the promise of a Republican-inspired Supreme Court. One can hardly blame the
progressive wing of the Democratic Party from saying, "I told you so."

Ken Levy

Los Angeles

--

Industrial theft is nothing new

Re "Chinese spies in a field of dreams," Nov. 8

Tuesday's story about the representatives of a Chinese firm attempting to
smuggle genetically modified corn seeds out of the U.S. represents only the
latest twist in the long and disreputable saga of how emerging nations attempt
to gain ground on their older international competitors by subterfuge.

In the infancy of the Industrial Revolution, American businessmen sought to gain
ground on their European competitors by stealing the designs of mechanical
looms. The English and French passed laws in an attempt to stem the flow of
their technology to America, but in the end their efforts proved futile: America
would become the preeminent industrial power in the world.

The question is how much longer can we hold on to that title?

John Trask

Thousand Oaks

::

I doubt convicting one spy will dissuade China from economic espionage. Blocking
the importation of Chinese products might.

It's time for American companies to reevaluate using Chinese raw materials,
manufacturing and printing services. Why not simply limit how much can be
outsourced so at least some manufacturing can be done here?

Betsy Rothstein

Long Beach

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: SUPPORTERS OF Hillary Clinton listen to her speak on Wednesday
after conceding the election.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Brendan Smialowski AFP/Getty Images

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letters to the editor

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              174 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 26, 1982, Friday, Final Edition

Peck Suffers an Air-Bag Collision

BYLINE: By Peter Behr, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Business & Finance; D9

LENGTH: 528 words


Highway safety administrator Raymond Peck could have used an air bag yesterday
during a head-on collision with Rep. Adam Benjamin (D-Ind.), chairman of the
House appropriations subcommittee, who verbally threw Peck out of the room
midway through a hearing on Peck's budget.

Peck was attempting to explain various cost estimates for air bags, with
Benjamin becoming increasingly perplexed and frustrated at Peck's answers,
according to a tape recording of the hearing. The collision followed.

"I would like to submit for the record all we have on costs," Peck said.

"How are we going to believe what you submit for the record?" Benjamin asked.

Peck replied, "I think that question demeans the committee and the hearing, Mr.
Chairman, and I'm sorry."

"It doesn't demean the committee, Mr. Peck," Benjamin retorted. "I'm relying on
the truth. We don't take you under oath. You're trying to justify a budget. . .
."

At this apparent challenge to his truthfulness, Peck retorted, starting to stand
up: "May I please be sworn."

"No. You will not be sworn," said Benjamin. "You may be excused, though. This
hearing is adjourned."

The abrupt termination of the appropriations hearing left in doubt how the
budget for Peck's agency, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration,
will be set. Peck has asked for $81.6 million for fiscal 1983 for operations and
research, and the confrontation "certainly doesn't help them any," said one of
Benjamin's aides.

Benjamin, who left Washington yesterday afternoon, could not be contacted
directly for comment, but did issue a statement. He said he "felt Mr. Peck was
being evasive, less than candid and deliberately filibustered the committee.
There's something here that doesn't meet the eye."

Benjamin also said he had not decided whether to ask Peck to return to complete
his testimony, or whether to obtain further information in writing. "If there's
no cooperation, he feels the subcommittee will be able to write the NHTSA budget
themselves," Benjamin's spokesman said.

The top-ranking Republican on the subcommittee, Rep. Lawrence Coughlin (R-Pa.),
called the confrontation a "flash in the pan," describing it as simply a
communications problem. Peck and Benjamin got hung up on different estimates on
air bag costs, with Peck trying to explain the fine print behind the estimates,
Coughlin said.

Was Peck filibustering? "I didn't see that," Coughlin said. Maybe one or the
other was a little short on sleep, he suggested.

It was a bad ending to a tough week for the administrator, whose lengthy,
sometimes convoluted answers at other congressional hearings have been called
filibustering. At another House subcommittee hearing this week, Rep. James
Collins (R-Tex.), one of Peck's supporters, said Peck reminded him of the
politician who is asked the time and replies by describing how to build a clock.
Peck, a lawyer, says he merely is trying to be complete and exact. He also
strives at hearings to get his point across, and his answers aren't necessarily
the ones the Democratic subcommittee members have been looking for.

Neither Peck nor NHTSA had any comment about yesterday's flare-up.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1982 The Washington Post


                              175 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                            October 14, 2001 Sunday

Virden police try to make best of grave situation

SECTION: CITY/STATE; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 636 words


The problem is, that is a bit too much of an honor in some people's eyes. The
square also is where the town's memorials to World War I and World War II
soldiers stand. Some think burying a dog there will demean the stature of the
veterans memorials. Dan Reischauer, commander of Virden's Elmer E. Vance
American Legion Post 386, thinks the dog could be easily buried someplace else.
The city has two other parks, East Park and West Park, he says, and either of
those could be used instead.

Frank Totoraitis, another member of the post, referred to the war memorials in a
letter to the Virden Recorder. "You will need to bury Officer Mike," he wrote.
"Then why not in the West Park where there is ample room for him and any other
dogs following Mike?"

Virden Mayor Gary Neighbors said he and the council knew this would happen. The
vote to bury Officer Mike on the square was 6-1, with Gary Mottershaw casting
the dissenting vote. Mottershaw thought the council should get some public input
before deciding.

Mayor Neighbors told me that other options were considered. But a dog cannot be
buried in a cemetery for humans. The Illinois State Police has a cemetery for
police dogs, Neighbors said, but it is for ISP dogs only. Neighbors called Pet
Haven, which is near Camp Butler National Cemetery. But Neighbors said burial
there would cost the village at least $350. Besides, officials would prefer that
Officer Mike be buried in Virden.

"When you lose a pet, you bury it in your back yard," says Neighbors. "This is
our back yard. Officer Mike won't be buried anywhere near the veterans memorials
on the square. We voted to put him on the east side of the flagpole. That's
about 100 feet from the memorials."

Brad VanHuss is the Virden police officer who has responsibility for Officer
Mike. He says the dog has a couple of months to live. The dog is in no pain, but
when his condition deteriorates, Officer Mike will be put down.

Bill Ferry of Calvert and Ferry Funeral Home is donating a casket for the dog. A
vault will not be necessary. Village officials will ask for someone to donate a
small stone marker to place over the grave.

VanHuss, as expected, thinks the square is the proper place for Mike. VanHuss
does not foresee the square becoming crowded with police dog graves.

"This was a sickness he got while on duty," says VanHuss. "Police dogs we have
in the future will likely be retired due to old age, and they'll die after that.
This is different."

After having seen the square and the location where Officer Mike will be buried,
it seems to me that burying him by the flagpole is the right decision. That is
right next to the Virden Police Station, which is appropriate. If he were to be
buried in one of the other Virden parks, he would not be near the station.

The World War I soldiers and sailors memorial is huge. It straddles the park's
sidewalks like a big white arch. Atop it is a statue of a doughboy. It must be
25 feet high or more. The World War II memorial is next to it. It is stone and
about the size of an average grave marker. Neither memorial is near where
Officer Mike will be buried.

A small grave marker near the police station for Officer Mike won't demean the
veterans memorials any more than the huge World War I memorial demeans the
smaller World War II memorial.

This is just an odd situation that might never happen again. Human officers
don't die while serving on the Virden police force, much less dogs. I will bet
there won't be three dogs buried there in the next 50 years.

Officer Mike, from all accounts, was a good addition to the department. He did a
good job sniffing out drugs, made educational trips to area schools and once
tracked down a fugitive hiding in a farm field.

A small marker next to the police station seems appropriate.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: ON WEB SITE

TYPE: LOCAL. COLUMN

                   Copyright 2001 The State Journal-Register


                              176 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                           November 1, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Top judge to Oppal: 'You owe the judges of this court an apology': B.C. Supreme
Court chief angry at comments on working hours

BYLINE: Ian Mulgrew, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 689  words


B.C. Supreme Court Chief Justice Donald Brenner has criticized Attorney-General
Wally Oppal for attacking judges over their working hours.

Brenner, who is in charge of the senior trial bench, demanded an apology for
what he called Oppal's "incomprehensible remarks" that "constitute a deliberate
attempt to demean the judges of this court."

But in an interview late Tuesday, the attorney-general dismissed Brenner's
complaint and said he had nothing to apologize for.

Oppal said the chief judge was "slightly overreacting" to his comments. "It
wasn't an attack on the court," he said.

"No one has defended the court more than I. I've asked people about those
comments and some have laughed at the chief judge's reaction. Some of his own
judges have called me and are embarrassed at his reaction."

Brenner's comments, contained in an Oct. 18 e-mail obtained by The Vancouver Sun
on Tuesday, arose out of an earlier Sun story in which Oppal commented on
judges' working hours.

Brenner said Oppal must correct the record if he was misquoted.

The chief judge said in a telephone interview Tuesday that he was surprised The
Sun had a copy of his missive.

"I sent a private communication to the attorney-general and it says what it
says," he said.

He declined to elaborate on its contents.

"It speaks for itself," he said. "It was a private communication and it was
certainly not my intention to release it."

Brenner said in his e-mail that he was reading a front-page report in the Oct.
13 edition of The Sun entitled "Slow Justice," which focused particularly on
delays in the provincial court system.

Midway through the story by reporter Neal Hall, however, Oppal was quoted as
saying the province's superior bench also could be more efficient.

"Why do we still start trials in the Supreme Court at 10 a.m.?" Oppal asked
rhetorically in the article. "The judges will tell you that we have pre-trial
conferences and pre-hearings. They do that. You know, they do them in Seattle
Superior Court at 8:15 in the morning and they start their trials at 9 a.m."

Brenner said in the e-mail that such an unwarranted attack on the Supreme Court
"using such unfounded and misleading language is unacceptable."

"As you well know, unlike the judges of the Seattle Superior Court, Canadian
judges are required to write comprehensive reasons for judgment explaining their
decision making," he wrote. "In criminal jury trials they are also obliged to
prepare extensive jury instructions. Finally, and perhaps even more to the
point, our court is not turning litigants away. Cases are proceeding and being
heard as scheduled.

"In view of all this, as well as your background as a former member of this
court and your current position as the Crown's Chief Law Officer, your remarks
are incomprehensible. In my view they constitute a deliberate attempt to demean
the judges of this court who work hard every day to see that the litigants
before them have their cases heard in a timely fashion.

"You owe the judges of this court an apology."

But late Tuesday, Oppal laughed at Brenner's complaints.

"You know," he said, "Seattle judges don't get every fourth week off to write
judgments."

Oppal said the court's hours are an issue raised regularly by lawyers and
members of the public.

"What I said was the Supreme Court had done a pretty good job of managing their
list and the problems were mainly in the provincial court," he explained.

"But we've got a lot of research that shows the number of cases in Supreme Court
is falling in part because people are finding it too expensive and cumbersome.
We're looking at the whole system to try and find solutions.

"We have to think outside the box and one of the things I suggested was that
maybe we could look at judges' hours. We used to start at 11 o'clock and we've
started at 10 o'clock for 20 years or so. Maybe we should look at that."

The Sun asked Brenner if he had heard from the attorney-general, Brenner said:
"I have."

What was his response to the e-mail?

"I would prefer not to answer that."

Did he apologize?

"I have had communication with the attorney-general," Brenner said."I would
leave it at that."

imulgrew@png.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic/Diagram: (See hard copy for graphic.)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              177 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                            June 29, 2011 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Andreychuk deserves hall call Gilmour's great - but remember who his winger was
with Leafs

BYLINE: Steve Milton The Hamilton Spectator

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. SP8

LENGTH: 624  words


Dave Andreychuk will be selected for the Hockey Hall of Fame.

Some day.

But that day should have been Tuesday.

We don't want to be too much of a homer here, but, if the hometown doesn't stand
up for a guy, who does?

Not the Hockey Hall of Fame selection committee, clearly. And that is by no
means a swat at the honourable people who have the very difficult task of
applying a variety of sometimes-opposing standards and benchmarks to determine
who gets in and who doesn't.

Those are good hockey men, great hockey men, agonizing over these decisions, but
Dave Andreychuk has to be in the hall. And probably should have been before Joe
Nieuwendyk and possibly before Doug Gilmour.

The knock against Andreychuk comes, ironically, from one of his major assets. He
was an Iron Man, playing 23 seasons and 1,700 games, and that's what bloggers
and their ilk pile up against him: It took him so long to get all those goals.

So what, it says here. The Hamilton native got them, all 640 of them, the
sixth-highest of all time, and second most ever by a left-winger.

If a visitor from Mars, or Georgia, asked you to describe the ultimate aim of
hockey, your answer would be simple: It's not to keep the puck out of the net,
but to put the puck into the net. And Andreychuk did it more often than all but
five men who have ever played this game at the ultimate level.

That should end the discussion right there, but somehow it doesn't. Andreychuk's
lumbering style, his small "office" space in front of and beside the crease, his
relative scoring decline in the post-season, are all entered as evidence against
him; yet more than equal flaws have been put up against other candidates.

A lot of it is probably visual: He looked less like a hall of famer than some
others, particularly fast skaters and stick handlers, have looked.

Another common knock against Andreychuk was that, through most of his career he
was blessed with some gifted centres - Pat LaFontaine, Dale Hawerchuk and
Gilmour among them - the implication being those great passers were really the
ones most responsible for his spectacular goal totals. That their assists were
more important than his goals.

Let's forget for a moment that there are two potential opportunities for assists
for every potential opportunity for a goal, and look at a couple of specifics.

LaFontaine's third-greatest season came with Andreychuk on his wing, and his
greatest came the season after he'd mounted a big Buffalo tailwind by playing
with The Automatic. And, in 1992-93 and '93-94, when Gilmour was absolutely
sensational and provided more successful emotional fuel for the Leafs than
anyone in Toronto has seen in at least three decades, Andreychuk was his winger.

In those two career-topping seasons of 127 and 111 points with Andreychuk on his
flank, Gilmour's production was, respectively, 21 per cent higher and 6 per cent
higher, than the third-best season of his 20-year career. And they were 38 per
cent and 22 per cent higher than his fourth-best year. So exactly who was making
who better here?

Not to demean Gilmour, by any means. No Toronto hockey player, even Wendel
Clark, has put the Leafs and the province on his back and carried them through
so many playoff rounds as Gilmour did in back-to-back seasons. And not to demean
anybody else who did or didn't make it into the hall Tuesday.

But Andreychuk has still scored more power-play goals than any player in
history, and what he did for Tampa Bay in 2004, at the age of 41, was not far
off what Nieuwendyk did for the Dallas Stars and Gilmour did for the Leafs who,
by the way, did not win a Stanley Cup.

Dave Andreychuk deserves to be in the Hockey Hall of Fame. Should have been
Tuesday, but it's got to be next year.

smilton@thespec.com

905-526-3268

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tampa Bay's Dave Andreychuk hoists the Stanley Cup after the Lightning
beat Calgary in 2004. Associated Press File Photo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              178 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           December 7, 2013 Saturday

Op-ed: Utah Invokes pre-Civil War notions to fight gay marriage

BYLINE: By Paul C. Burke And Brett L. Tolman

SECTION: OPINION; Columnists

LENGTH: 804 words


By paul c. burke

and brett l. tolman

Just days after our nation celebrated the 150th anniversary of the Gettysburg
Address and our nation's solemn commitment to the proposition that all men are
created equal, the state of Utah filed a legal brief arguing that it is within
the rights of a state to impose laws creating second-class citizenship for LGBT
Americans.

The state of Utah's arguments against marriage equality today are no more
virtuous than were John C. Calhoun's calls for nullification, states' rights,
and the subrogation of black Americans.

The state of Utah now finds itself in the awkward position of arguing that last
summer's blockbuster U.S. Supreme Court decision, Windsor v United States, which
struck down a discriminatory federal marriage law, should somehow be applied by
the federal courts to uphold discriminatory marriage laws of a state.

Even Justice Antonin Scalia, an ardent foe of gay rights, has recognized the
folly of Utah's position.

In his dissent, Justice Scalia wrote that the "the view this Court will take of
state prohibition of same-sex marriage is indicated beyond mistaking," and
"[h]ow easy it is, indeed how inevitable" it is for courts to apply the Windsor
decision to strike down discriminatory state marriage laws like Utah's Amendment
3.

The state of Utah nevertheless argues that its discriminatory marriage laws
should be sustained because "Utah has the sovereign authority to define and
regulate marriage."

Although the U.S. Supreme Court did recognize that "[b]y history and tradition
the definition and regulation of marriage ... has been treated as being within
the authority and realm of the separate States," Utah's position is untenable in
face of the U.S. Constitution's supremacy clause and decisions of the U.S.
Supreme Court.

The "sovereign authority [of Utah] to define and regulate marriage" is neither
unfettered nor unlimited. The U.S. Constitution remains the supreme law of the
land, and the U.S. Supreme Court pointedly noted that, "State laws defining and
regulating marriage, of course, must respect the constitutional rights of
persons."

The U.S. Supreme Court long ago established that access to civil marriage is
among the fundamental rights guaranteed by the Constitution. For the same
reasons why the U.S. Supreme Court refused in 1967 to allow Virginia to prohibit
inter-racial marriage, Utah's ban on same-sex marriage must now be stricken as a
violation of the U.S. Constitution so that LGBT Utahns will have access to civil
marriage.

Utah's discriminatory marriage laws also violate the U.S. Constitution by
targeting LGBT citizens for denigration and disfavored treatment.

The U.S. Supreme Court held that the Defense of Marriage Act "is
unconstitutional as a deprivation of the liberty of the person protected by the
Fifth Amendment of the Constitution" because the "principal purpose and the
necessary effect of DOMA are to demean those persons who are in lawful same-sex
marriage."

The state of Utah claims that Amendment 3 was not intended to demean LGBT Utahns
but instead reflected the state's desire to promote procreation. This argument
has failed before.

During the successful challenge to California Proposition 8, when the federal
judge asked what harm would be done by allowing gay men and lesbians to marry,
the attorney representing the proponents of California Proposition 8 famously
replied, "I don't know."

There was an echo of this moment last Wednesday in Utah's federal district
court. When asked to explain how Utah's same-sex marriage ban could advance the
state's putative interest in procreation by opposite-sex couples, the assistant
attorney general could only say that it was a good question.

There is no question, however, that Utah's Amendment 3 established a new system
of marital apartheid in Utah that made LGBT Utahns into strangers from family
law.

The state constitutional amendment also targeted LGBT Utahns for political
disfavor.

Section 2 of Amendment 3 sought to prohibit not just marriage but any legal
recognition of relationships of LGBT Utahns, stating, "No other domestic union,
however denominated, may be recognized as a marriage or given the same or
substantially equivalent legal effect." Collectively, these provisions demean
LGBT Utahns and their families by keeping them from achieving legal recognition
or protection under state or local laws.

One hundred fifty years ago, standing upon a great battlefield from a war for
equality, Abraham Lincoln identified the fundamental reason why Utah's
discriminatory laws must now be stricken. The law must treat all people,
including LGBT people, equally.

It is again time for a new birth of freedom -- and long past time for LGBT
Utahns to be afforded equality and dignity under the law.

Paul C. Burke and Brett L. Tolman are attorneys with Ray, Quinney and Nebeker.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              179 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Natchez Democrat (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 31, 2009 Thursday

Local coaches strive to discipline, not demean, players

BYLINE: Jeff Edwards, The Natchez Democrat, Miss.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 575 words


Dec. 31--NATCHEZ -- When Texas Tech head football coach Mike Leach was fired
Tuesday, it continued a disturbing trend of college coaches being disciplined
for alleged mistreatment of their players.

Leach followed in the footsteps of former Kansas coach Mark Mangino, who
resigned under pressure on Dec. 3 after allegedly verbally and physically
abusing players, and South Florida coach Jim Leavitt, who is being investigated
for allegedly striking a player in the locker room at halftime of a game this
season.

Perhaps these coaches could learn a thing or two from the Miss-Lou's high school
coaches, who live by the creed of treating the players like they would treat
their own sons.

"There is a fine line between having discipline and punishing kids," Cathedral
head football coach Craig Beesley said. "We try to do our best to make sure the
kids understand when they mess up to take responsibility. We don't ever want to
harm a kid or take a chance of humiliating somebody."

And that is exactly what Leach is accused of doing.

The former Red Raiders coach allegedly ordered wide receiver Adam James to stand
in a dark equipment shed for three hours after James complained of
concussion-like symptoms.

James said the incident humiliated him in front of the team, which is something
Beesley said he would never do to a player.

"I think the problem that a lot of people get into sometimes is that I feel like
coaches will try to embarrass kids," Beesley said. "I don't think that is a good
way of disciplining someone. If you're going to do that, you keep it between you
and the player, you don't do it in front of others. I will pull a player into
the coaches office and talk to him one on one, rather than do something in front
of the others to embarrass him."

Natchez High football coach Lance Reed said discipline is done on a
player-by-player basis.

"I think it's very important you're consistent with the team as far as the
punishments you lie down," Reed said. "I also think it's important to handle
each player based on their individual needs. Sometimes you may get on one kid a
little tougher than you would another one, based on their makeup."

Reed said he has tried to create a family-like atmosphere in the NHS football
program, and treats his players as if they were his sons.

"We want the players to trust what we ask them to do," Reed said. "You wouldn't
want to do anything to them that you wouldn't do to your own son. That's a good
philosophy to live by. However bad the situation is, you have to remember that
they're still a young player, and are still learning, and you have to teach
them."

But however coaches choose to discipline and motivate their players, one thing
is for sure.

The days of Paul "Bear" Bryant running his team through all-day practices with
no water in the sweltering heat are over.

"Society is different than it was when Bear Bryant coached," Beesley said. "If
there was a Bear Bryant out there today, he'd be in trouble. It's a different
society now and that's something coaches have to be aware of."

To see more of the Natchez Democrat, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.natchezdemocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Natchez Democrat, Miss.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091231-YY-Local-coaches-strive-to-discipline-not-demean-players-1231

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YY


                                 Copyright 2009


                              180 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            February 23, 2014 Sunday

NO PAIN, NO GAIN Injuries no reason for NHL to avoid Olympics

BYLINE: and LARRY BROOKS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 88

LENGTH: 629 words


GARTH SNOW'S petulant reaction to John Tavares' season-ending knee injury in
Sochi is simply another prime example of the culture of victimization that has
become a way of life on Long Island, the Islanders general manager somehow
sounding a little bit like Nancy Kerrigan after she was knee-capped 20 years
ago, with the plaintive cries of "Why   why me?" about all that were missing
from the diatribe.

Foolishness from Snow about the International Olympic Committee reimbursing
season-ticket holders for Tavares' absence does not inform the discussion about
the NHL's continued participation in the Olympics, especially when the next
Games will be held in Pyeongchang, South Korea, which is 6,700 miles away from
New York and 14 hours ahead of the U.S. eastern-time zone.

But team owners and executives opposed to continued participation in the Games
will use Tavares' injury - and those sustained by Mats Zuccarello, Paul Martin
and Fedor Tyutin - as Exhibit A in a case against shutting down for three weeks
every four years in order to accommodate the Olympics and the professional
athletes committed to participating in them.

There are risks and rewards associated with the NHL's inclusion in the Olympics.
Injuries are an obvious risk. The NHL hasn't yet been able to quantify the
rewards that come from its league's and its athletes' partnership with sport's
quadrennial global celebration.

That doesn't mean the rewards don't exist, only that Sixth Avenue hasn't been
able to figure out how to calculate, maximize and capitalize on them. It seems
the league has an irrational fear of exploring the international market.

The NHL spends all of its time reminding everyone its hockey is the best hockey,
that the Stanley Cup represents the lone legitimate hockey championship, that
having the Cup handed to you by a teammate is a more cherished honor than having
the gold medal slipped around your neck.

And there's no argument, really, and certainly not on this side of the pond. But
the NHL would be better served - that means the industry of the NHL that
includes the season subscribers who still pay the freight-by expanding its
interaction and competition with the best in the Europe and by exploiting its
association with the Olympics.

Stanley Cup. Olympic Gold. World Cup.

The concept of separate-but-equal isn't always anathema.

Understand this: If eliminating the risk of injury is the objective of league
executives, then the Olympics won't be the only target, for the long-proposed
return of the World Cup would have to be scrapped, too. There would be no
best-on-best international tournaments, not during the season and not in
September- bones can break and ACLs tear then, too.

It does not demean or diminish the NHL that Canadians' favorite hockey memory
may not be their favorite team's first (or last) Stanley Cup victory of their
lifetime, but of Paul Henderson in 1972.

It does not demean or diminish the NHL that Americans' favorite memory of hockey
might be Mike Eruzione in 1980.

Instead, the NHL's brand is elevated by its unique association with
international competition. The league should explore how to expand its
participation is such events rather than walk away from them. And please, this
notion the league-that over the last 19 years adopted a business plan to shut
down once for a full year and twice for four months - suffers irreparable harm
by shutting down for three weeks during the most doggy of the season's dog days
is sophomoric.

There may be good reason not to go to Pyeongchang. But losing business is not
it, and neither are Tavares, Zuccarello, Martin nor Tyutin.

During Olympic years, the best NHL players belong to two teams.

This isn't the league's curse. It is the league's blessing.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: : OLYMPIC SPIRIT: John Tavares' seasonending injury suffered in the
Olympics (left) has Islanders GM Garth Snow (bottom left) calling for the NHL to
no longer participate, but The Post's Larry Brooks writes that would be a
mistake. Getty Images (2)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              181 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                Telegraph Herald

                             May 24, 2001 Thursday

Vermont House OKs repeal of civil-unions law

BYLINE: ASSOCIATED PRESS

SECTION: Pg. a2

LENGTH: 202 words

DATELINE: MONTPELIER, Vt.


The House narrowly approved a bill Wednesday to replace Vermont's civil-unions
law with one that would offer marriage benefits not only to same-sex couples but
also to others who cannot legally marry. Critics say it is an attempt to demean
gay relationships.

Speaker Walter Freed had to break a 69-69 tie to advance the proposal to a final
vote today. At least two House members said they might vote against the bill
then because they do not want the state endorsing same-sex relationships at all.

The measure appears doomed in the Democratic-controlled Senate. Democratic Gov.
Howard Dean, who signed the civil-unions law, has also said he would veto a
repeal.

The bill given preliminary approval in the GOP-controlled House would provide
marriage benefits to those in "reciprocal partnerships." Gay couples would be
eligible, but so would other couples who cannot legally marry - primarily blood
relatives, such as an elderly woman and her adult child.

Opponents say the plan is an attempt to demean gay relationships, while
insurance experts say partnerships would be so different from marriage that
actuarial tables would be thrown off and some companies might stop doing
business in Vermont.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2001 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              182 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          Sunday Independent (Ireland)

                                August 23, 2009

Divorce: don't get mad, geteverything

SECTION: ANALYSIS

LENGTH: 782 words


Wives who exploit the law to take all they can from their husbands demean women,
says Ruth Dudley Edwards

'DID you hear theyjust released a new Barbie doll called Divorced Barbie'"

"Yeah, it comes with half of Ken's things and alimony."

OK, it's not a great joke, but like most divorce jokes, it has an authentic
bitterness.Women's jokes are vicious too."What should you do if yousee your
ex-husband rolling around in pain on the ground'" "Shoot him again."

John Cleese, who at 69 has just been taken for £12.5mby Alyce Faye Eichelberger
Cleese, with whom he had a 16-year childless marriage, has reason to be somewhat
peeved at the lady's rapacity. Part of the argument that won her so much from
the Californian court was that she was used to private jets and staying in
castles, which Cleese says is a serious exaggeration of their opulence.

I mentioned this to a friend who said: "If the logic of this is that the richer
spouse suffers for treating the poorer one well during their marriage, shouldn't
he routinely travel first class, stay in fine hotels and send her steerageto
stay down the road in aB&B'" Can't argue with that.

Alyce has got their mews house in Kensington and their apartment in a New York
hotel and Cleese keeps just the Santa Monica cottage. Apparently she is now
richer than him. He offered this consolation: "At least I will know in future if
I go out with a lady, they will not be after me for my money."

What makes it seem particularly unfair is that he made the bulk of his fortune
-- from Monty Python and Fawlty Towers -- long before his third marriage.

Cleese is particularly baffled because his two earlier marriages ended in
amicable divorces and generous settlements without the involvement of lawyers.
But that was then and this is now. The 'because I'm worth it' philosophy has
been enthusiastically adopted by the legalprofession to persuade poorer spouses
that they are entitled to every last penny they can extract from the richer. And
that they can do so not just without shame, but with pride.

Ivana Trump coined the phrase: "Don't get mad -- get everything." In fact she
didn't, because Donald had had the foresight to have her sign a pre-nuptial
agreement that capped any settlement at $25m. She learned from him well. When
she married her next two (relatively poor) husbands, the pre-nups they had to
sign were watertight.

Of course, it's right that divorce settlements are equitable, that children are
provided for properly and that a spouse's contribution to the marriage be
recognised.("Think what I'd have had to pay Alyce if she'd contributed anything
to the relationship," mused Cleese.)

Was Mrs Rupert Murdoch entitled to $1.7bn when she was brutally abandoned for
her husband's 30-year-old mistress' Yes: they had been married for 32 years, had
three children and she had been a supportive wife and much involved in his
business. Nor was she particularly greedy: Murdoch was worth many billions.

Was Jerry Hall meanly treated by the notoriously stingy Mick Jagger, who paid
off the mother of four of his children with around £9m?Certainly. That
represented less than five per cent of his fortune. But why was Steven
Spielberg's wife of four years (one child) entitled to $100m -- half his
fortune' And in what insane universe was a London fund manager required to cough
up £5m after a childless marriage than lasted less than three years.

Divorce is almost always painful. But speaking as a survivor of two, I'm always
grateful that we kept the lawyers at arms' length. I did not want alimony,
having been indoctrinated by my mother into the notions that true feminism was
about economic independence: she would have preferred to see me struggling in a
bedsit than leechingundeservedly off some man. My mother was big on the virtues
of pride, which encouraged me at least to pretend I was a civilised grown-up
even when I felt like an angry child.

What is so wrong with Alyce and her ilk is that by exploiting the law to take
the maximum off their husbands they demean women. They also, of course, demean
the institution of marriage. To precede it with a pre-nup is a sign of mistrust
which inevitably sours the relationship. Yet to plunge in without legal
protection -- as Paul McCartney found out -- can put you later at the mercy of a
vindictive spouse and greedy lawyers.

Every time politicians or judges bemoan the drift away from marriage, the
fragility of families and the instability of society, they might examine their
own consciences. It is the politicians that have made the laws that encourage
acrimonious divorces and the judges who have interpreted them irresponsibly.
Wherethe US and the UK go, can Ireland be far behind?

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              183 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 24, 2000, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Justices Void Hawaii Setup That Limits a Vote by Race

BYLINE: By LINDA GREENHOUSE

SECTION: Section A; Page 16; Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 1491 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 23


Declaring that "it demeans the dignity and worth of a person to be judged by
ancestry instead of by his or her own merit," the Supreme Court today overturned
a provision of Hawaii's Constitution under which only descendants of the
original Hawaiians may vote for the leadership of a state agency that
administers programs and millions of dollars in public money on their behalf.

The vote was a surprisingly lopsided 7 to 2 to reject the arguments put forward
by Hawaii and the Clinton administration that the voting limitation was not
essentially about race but about Hawaii's unique history and the historical
obligations that flow from it. The limitation on voting for the nine trustees of
the Office of Hawaiian Affairs was challenged by a Caucasian rancher whose
ancestors arrived in Hawaii in 1831.

About 20 percent of the state's residents claim descent from the people living
in the islands when Capt. James Cook and his crew became the first Westerners to
make landfall there in 1778, an event that led in little more than a century to
the end of the independent Hawaiian kingdom.

"Ancestry can be a proxy for race," Justice Anthony M. Kennedy said in the
majority opinion.

"The ancestral inquiry mandated by the state implicates the same grave concerns
as a classification specifying a particular race by name," he said, adding that
"the use of racial classifications is corruptive of the whole legal order
democratic elections seek to preserve."

In a dissenting opinion, Justice John Paul Stevens said the majority's "wooden
approach" to the case "rests largely on the repetition of glittering
generalities that have little, if any, application to the compelling history of
the state of Hawaii."

Justice Stevens said the state's non-Hawaiian majority had adopted the provision
in 1978 not to demean Native Hawaiians but to recognize and protect their
special heritage.

Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg also wrote a dissent.

The majority's view made this one of the more unusual race-discrimination cases
ever to come before the court. The majority based its ruling exclusively on the
15th Amendment, which provides that the right to vote "shall not be denied or
abridged by the United States or by any state on account of race, color, or
previous condition of servitude."

The 15th Amendment was ratified in 1870 to guarantee that the emancipated slaves
would have the right to vote. It is rarely invoked today because there are now
powerful statutory weapons against discrimination in access to the polls and
because the wholesale racial exclusion the amendment's framers had in mind would
be an oddity today. But Justice Kennedy observed that "the amendment is cast in
fundamental terms, terms transcending the particular controversy which was the
immediate impetus for its enactment."

The majority avoided analyzing the case under the 14th Amendment's
equal-protection guarantee, another possible basis for the decision and one that
could have had broader implications, beyond the specific context of voting, for
government programs that confer benefits on the basis of race. Nonetheless, the
court's 15th Amendment analysis was consistent with the court's current view
that there is essentially no such thing as benign discrimination.

"Justice Kennedy was simply following through on his notion of colorblindness,"
Shannen W. Coffin, a lawyer who filed a friend-of-the-court brief for the
Campaign for a Color-Blind America and other organizations that oppose
affirmative action, said in an interview today.

Mr. Coffin said the decision was "consistent with the trend of the Rehnquist
court seeing discrimination and reverse discrimination as the same thing."

Limited as it was to the Hawaiian program, the decision has no immediate
implications beyond Hawaii. But it may well spur additional challenges there to
programs that benefit Native Hawaiians, of which there are many, from tuition
discounts to homesteading rights, to programs specifically financed by the
income from public land administered in trust for Native Hawaiians by the Office
of Hawaiian Affairs.

Theodore B. Olson, the lawyer for the plaintiff in the case, Harold F. Rice,
said in an interview: "They've got a lot of programs over there that have now
been characterized by a 7-to-2 decision of the Supreme Court as classifications
based on race. If I were a legislator, I'd be thinking about whether they can be
justified under strict scrutiny," the constitutional standard necessary to
justify official racial distinctions under the 14th Amendment.

In the majority opinion, Justice Kennedy said that "we assume the validity of
the underlying administrative structure and trusts, without intimating any
opinion on that point."

John G. Roberts Jr., who represented the state in the Supreme Court case, said
the decision was "very narrow and shouldn't be hard to fix," either by opening
the elections to everyone; making the agency's board appointed rather than
elected; or by reorganizing the Office of Hawaiian Affairs so that it is no
longer a state agency.

Mr. Roberts said the court was undoubtedly aware that had it not confined its
analysis to the 15th Amendment, "the stakes would have been a lot higher, and by
no means limited to Hawaii."

One question in the case, Rice v. Cayetano, No. 98-818, was whether the decision
might do anything to undermine the special status of Indian tribes, which
conduct their own elections, are immune from some taxes, and have a hiring and
promotion preference at the Bureau of Indian Affairs, which the Supreme Court
has upheld.

Justice Kennedy said that special rights for Indian tribes were based not on
race but on their political status as "quasi-sovereigns," which the elections at
issue in this case "are elections of the state, not of a separate
quasi-sovereign."

Justice Kennedy's opinion was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and
by Justices Sandra Day O'Connor, Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas. Justice
Stephen G. Breyer concurred in a separate opinion, which Justice David H. Souter
joined. Justice Breyer said the eligibility requirement of having a single
Native Hawaiian ancestor -- which over the nine generations since Captain Cook's
arrival could mean one ancestor out of 500 -- "goes beyond any reasonable limit"
and was unlike any membership definition adopted by any Indian tribe.

Mr. Rice, the plaintiff in the case, brought his lawsuit after being denied the
right to vote in the 1996 trustee election. He lost in both the Federal District
Court in Honolulu and in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth
Circuit, in San Francisco, which found that the voting restriction was "rooted
in historical concern for the Hawaiian race."

The Office of Hawaiian Affairs, established under a 1978 amendment to the state
constitution, administers various funds for the "betterment" of Native
Hawaiians, defined as those with 50 percent Hawaiian ancestry, and Hawaiians,
defined as those with any degree of descent from the original residents.

In another ruling today, the court held unanimously that an individual who
claims to have been singled out and made the target of adverse, irrational
government action can bring a lawsuit for the denial of equal protection under
the 14th Amendment.

The unsigned decision permitted a property owner's lawsuit to go forward against
an Illinois village that demanded a special easement in return for connecting
the property to the municipal water supply. The decision upheld a 1998 ruling by
the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit, in Chicago.

Underlying the case, Village of Willowbrook v. Olech, No. 98-1288, was a debate
over the extent to which the 14th Amendment protects people as individuals, as a
"class of one," rather than as members of a historically vulnerable group to
which the court has given special protection. The plaintiff, Grace Olech, did
not allege that race or sex discrimination lay behind her problems with the
village government. Rather, she said village officials were retaliating against
her for an earlier, unrelated lawsuit.

The court said today that its equal protection decisions dating to the early
1900's had made clear that "the purpose of the equal protection clause of the
14th Amendment is to secure every person within the state's jurisdiction against
intentional and arbitrary discrimination."

A lawsuit can proceed, the decision said, "where the plaintiff alleges that she
has been intentionally treated differently from others similarly situated and
that there is no rational basis for the difference in treatment."

In a separate, concurring opinion, Justice Breyer said the decision should not
be understood to mean that ordinary zoning decisions were now subject to equal
protection challenges. Mrs. Olech's claim in this case that the officials were
motivated by vindictiveness and ill will was an important added factor, he said.



http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              184 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    October 9, 1982, Saturday, Final Edition

More Heart Than Mind;
Maudlin but Moving 'Two of a Kind'

BYLINE: By Tom Shales

SECTION: Style; TV Preview; C1

LENGTH: 558 words


Appallingly exploitative and teeth-gnashingly cute, "Two of A Kind," the CBS
movie at 9 tonight on Channel 9, nevertheless succeeds, by both hook and crook,
at demolishing rational resistance and rendering a viewer helplessly
lump-throated. It's puddle-over time, no matter how loudly one's better
instincts may protest.

Robby Benson, 26, plays a mentally retarded young man who turns 21 as the film
opens, and George Burns, 86, is his 81-year-old Grandpa, a former companion who
had moved to Florida and now comes home in a state of seeming senility following
the death of his wife. The film, simplistically written by James Sadwith and
beautifully directed by Roger Young, shows how the young man and the old man
bring each other out of alienation.

The film is a "GE Theater" presentation, as was last year's tearjerker "Bill,"
also about a retarded man and recently flattered with an undeserved Emmy or two.
Apparently GE is on the outlook for scripts that depict the emotionally or
mentally disadvantaged as elfin and adorable, as if they were pudgy, furry
creatures in a Disney cartoon. These portrayals may demean rather than dignify
such people, and in so doing, they demean everyone, including those who watch.

In addition, the film passes along the specious fiction that the happiest people
in a society are those who are essentially oblivious to it. The Benson character
is being trained for "usefulness" in what workshop teachers refer to as "the
competitive world." The screenplay sneers at this, and suggests that none are so
happy as those who don't quite know what's going on. Again, this kind of
pseudo-sensitivity philosophizing insults those portrayed and those watching.

Benson hardly alleviates misgivings with his performance as Nolie Minor, who has
been overprotected by his mother (Barbara Barrie) and largely ignored by his
father (Cliff Robertson, the human furniture). Benson shuffles, sniffles and
shows a lot of teeth, suggesting Jerry Lewis in "The Nutty Professor." Burns
sits motionless through his early scenes, has his first line half-an-hour in,
and brightens later, though never to the cloying, cuddly-codger state of "Oh
God!" and other recent Burns turns.

Nolie is at first shocked by the sight of his beloved friend, Grandpa, sitting
silent and all but lifeless in a wheelchair. But when they are alone together
later, Grandpa says he has been faking the senility because life is less trouble
that way. With the boy, however, he finds a kindred spirit, and the two break
out of the nursing home in which the old man has been placed and have themselves
a holiday with a borrowed car.

This includes what can safely be called the most moving game of miniature golf
in screen history.

At its best, when all the stickiness is out of the way, the film celebrates the
natural affinity between the very young and the very old, something that has a
place in many memories as one of the exalted privileges of childhood. And there
is something inspiringly assertive about Grandpa's declaration that "I'm gonna
play a game of golf before I croak." This film is shameless, and in some of its
patronizing toward the old and the retarded, it is shameful, but it presses
certain emotional buttons and bells go off. You may hate yourself for
responding, but it's probably better to surrender than to resist.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, George Burns and Robby Benson in "Two of a Kind"

                       Copyright 1982 The Washington Post


                              185 of 998 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      VeriGift Charitable Giving by iWave


                       RECIPIENT: Camp Courageous of Iowa
                             DONOR: Dorothy Demean


                          LAST UPDATED: March 31, 2016
                              DONATION YEAR: 2008

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Annual Gift
DONATION RANGE:  USD Unspecified

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Camp Courageous of Iowa
TAXCODE:  23-7210932
URL:  http://campcourageous.org
LOCATION:  Monticello, IA, 52310
CATEGORY:  Recreation Sports

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  Dorothy Demean
DONOR TYPE:  Individuals

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2016


                              186 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 20, 2015 Friday

New Jersey: Mazzeo, Andrzejczak, Lagana & Mukherji Bill to Create "NJ Stolen
Valor Act" to Crack Down on Those Who Falsely Impersonate Veterans & Active Duty
Military Advances

LENGTH: 776  words

DATELINE: Trenton


New Jersey Assembly Majority Office has issued the following news release:

The Assembly panel on military affairs released legislation on Thursday
sponsored by Assembly Democrats Vince Mazzeo, Bob Andrzejczak, Joseph Lagana and
Raj Mukherji to crack down on individuals who demean members of the U.S. Armed
Forces by falsely impersonating veterans or active duty military in order to try
and receive various perks.

The bill was inspired by recent reports of a growing trend in which veterans and
active-duty troops record people they believe are faking military service, often
times to try and receive various perks, and post the results on social media. In
one of the most recent videos, which has received nearly five million hits on
YouTube, a veteran at the Oxford Valley Mall in Pennsylvania questions a man in
army fatigues who claims to have served in Afghanistan and Iraq as a member of
the elite Army Rangers, but clearly appears unfamiliar with proper military
protocol.

"Anyone who attempts to obtain any financial benefit or perks by knowingly lying
about their military or veteran status really stoops to a new low," said Mazzeo
(D-Atlantic). "These examples of Stolen Valor demean those who have served in
the military and those who have sacrificed and lost their lives in defense of
our nation. It is my hope that this legislation and its harsh penalties will
help dissuade anyone from continuing this heinous practice."

The bill, designated the "New Jersey Stolen Valor Act," seeks to crack down on
these imposters by making it a crime of the third degree, with a mandatory
minimum fine of $1,000, to knowingly misrepresent oneself as a veteran or member
of the military for the purpose of obtaining money, property or another benefit
by wearing the uniform or any medal or insignia authorized for use by the
members or veterans of the United Armed Forces or the organized militia.

"Every soldier earns each and every stripe or promotion with hard work and
dedication to their country," said Andrzejczak (D-Cape May, Atlantic,
Cumberland). "To impersonate a veteran and benefit from the service and
sacrifice of real military men and woman is disgraceful. It deserves punishment
to the fullest extent of the law."

"The invaluable experience and knowledge of military men and women cannot be
easily duplicated," said Lagana (D-Bergen, Passaic). "There should be a penalty
those who try to impersonate them and take advantage of military perks and
benefits offered in New Jersey."

"Service men and women put their lives on the line in the most dangerous of
situations to protect our freedoms here and abroad," said Mukherji (D-Hudson).
"Impersonation of a soldier is nothing to take lightly. Men and women have
earned their status as members of the U.S. Armed Force and must be given the
respect and honor they deserve for their service."

Currently, state law makes it a crime of the fourth degree to knowingly present
oneself as a veteran or a member of the military with the intent to deceive, but
not necessarily for the purpose of obtaining any kind of benefit, by wearing a
military uniform or medal or insignia.

Additionally, this bill would make false statements regarding oneself as a
recipient of any decoration or medal of the U.S. Armed Forces or organized
militia for the purpose of obtaining money, property or another benefit a crime
of the third degree, with a mandatory minimum fine of $1,000.
State law does not presently prohibit false statements about military or veteran
status.

Federal law prohibits both the unauthorized wearing of a military uniform or any
distinctive part thereof and false statements as to receipt of military
decorations or medals for the purpose of obtaining money, property, or some
other tangible benefit.

Any fines collected under this bill would be dedicated to the Military
Dependents Scholarship Fund, which would be established by legislation (A-2489)
which was approved by the General Assembly in July and is pending in the Senate.
The fund would provide college scholarships to the spouses and children of those
killed, missing in action or disabled in the Post 9/11 Operation Noble Eagle,
Operation Enduring Freedom, Operation Iraqi Freedom, or Operation New Dawn.

Until this fund is established, any fines collected under this bill would be
dedicated to the "NJ National Guard State Family Readiness Council Fund," to
provide assistance to New Jersey National Guard members and their families
affected by extended deployment during Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation
Iraqi Freedom.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              187 of 998 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      VeriGift Charitable Giving by iWave


                       RECIPIENT: Camp Courageous of Iowa
                         DONOR: Gene and Phyllis Demean


                          LAST UPDATED: April 12, 2016
                              DONATION YEAR: 2009

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Annual Gift
DONATION RANGE:  USD Unspecified

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Camp Courageous of Iowa
TAXCODE:  23-7210932
URL:  http://campcourageous.org
LOCATION:  Monticello, IA, 52310
CATEGORY:  Recreation Sports

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  Gene and Phyllis Demean
DONOR TYPE:  Individuals

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2016


                              188 of 998 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      VeriGift Charitable Giving by iWave


                       RECIPIENT: Camp Courageous of Iowa
                         DONOR: Gene and Phyllis Demean


                          LAST UPDATED: April 12, 2016
                              DONATION YEAR: 2007

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Annual Gift
DONATION RANGE:  USD Unspecified

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Camp Courageous of Iowa
TAXCODE:  23-7210932
URL:  http://campcourageous.org
LOCATION:  Monticello, IA, 52310
CATEGORY:  Recreation Sports

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  Gene and Phyllis Demean
DONOR TYPE:  Individuals

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2016


                              189 of 998 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      VeriGift Charitable Giving by iWave


                       RECIPIENT: Camp Courageous of Iowa
                         DONOR: Gene and Phyllis Demean


                          LAST UPDATED: March 31, 2016
                              DONATION YEAR: 2007

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Annual Gift
DONATION RANGE:  USD Unspecified

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Camp Courageous of Iowa
TAXCODE:  23-7210932
URL:  http://campcourageous.org
LOCATION:  Monticello, IA, 52310
CATEGORY:  Recreation Sports

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  Gene and Phyllis Demean
DONOR TYPE:  Individuals

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2016


                              190 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                             August 16, 2004 Monday

Matter of security

SECTION: VOICE OF THE PEOPLE

LENGTH: 928 words


"Working' Joe Baca is not working with the country's best interest at heart when
it comes to illegal immigration "sweeps.' If he were working for us, he would
allow the sweeps to continue, support them and assist in tightening the borders.

This is not a race issue, it is a matter of national security.

My vote will not go to Baca, it will definitely go to Ed Laning. I want someone
who realizes the threat and is willing to deal with it.

TORI L. STORDAHLSan Bernardino

Keener perspective

To answer a letter by J. Raymond Albrektson ["No hero,' Aug. 5], to say that
Sen. John Kerry got a super-safe berth on a guided missile frigate degrades the
service of U.S. naval personnel aboard ship during the Vietnam conflict. It also
demeans the crew members of the USS Cole.

The letter also demeans the many other Purple Heart recipients who, in that one
moment in time and possibly one inch left or right, could have been severely
injured or worse in a body bag. The term "in harm's way' comes to mind.

Kerry was very lucky, or his guardian angel was looking out for him.

President Bush's mouth has put many of our servicemen in the Middle East in
greater danger. His continually calling the Iraq war a crusade and saying that
he was going to bring democracy, in our image, to the Muslim countries in the
Middle East has infuriated the radical Muslims and was like a call to arms for
them.

Teddy Roosevelt's "Walk softly and carry a big stick' would have served us
better than the Bush bravado.

Bush is considered a loose cannon by the world, and this has increased the risk
in our country.

I supported the removal of Saddam Hussein. But the rhetoric from the Bush
administration and handling of the war has been pathetic.

I don't believe that being a war hero automatically qualifies one to be
president. But Kerry would have done a better job. Seeing people die in war
gives a person a different perspective on the subject.

DONALD HENLEY Sr.San Bernardino

Despicable slander

The TV ads lying about Sen. John Kerry's war record are more of the underhanded,
insulting bashing of an individual meant to discredit him with distortions of
the truth.

No wonder Sen. John McCain was so incensed. The Bush camp did that to McCain
when he ran against President Bush in 2000.

How low can you go? Bush has not distanced himself from this despicable slander.
I wonder why?

FLOYD FRIESSSan Bernardino

Smear campaign

Is there any low to which the Republican right will not sink? Is there any slime
in which they will not wallow? It appears not.

It also appears that they must really hate Vietnam veterans. The surest way to
become a victim of the GOP smear machine is to have served your country well in
Vietnam.

During the 2000 presidential campaign, the Republicans engaged in a vicious
smear campaign against one of their own party's most honorable members, John
McCain, when he had the nerve to win several primaries over George W. Bush. They
suggested that the years McCain endured in a Vietnamese prison camp had left him
"mentally unstable,' that he had collaborated with the Viet Cong and that he was
the actual father of a child "of color' his family adopted.

Then, in 2002, the same slimy bunch behind the McCain smear turned their
attention to the Georgia Senate race and incumbent Democratic Sen. Max Cleland,
who lost both legs and an arm in Vietnam when, while dropping from a helicopter
into a combat zone, he reached for a grenade dropped by a fellow soldier, and it
exploded.

The Republicans ran commercials that claimed Cleland couldn't really be labeled
a war hero, since his wounds were the result of an accident rather than combat.

And now, along comes Swift Boat Veterans for the Truth, a group of people
claiming they "served with John Kerry' and making nonspecific charges that Kerry
lied about his Vietnam war record. However, not a single one of these men
actually served with Kerry.

While we've come to expect these kinds of sleazy tactics from the Republicans, I
cannot understand the logic behind them. Doesn't making the Vietnam War records
of their opposition an issue just make their own candidates' Vietnam-era
activities fair game? How can these people attack the likes of McCain, Cleland
and Kerry when their own candidate avoided service in Vietnam by using family
ties to get himself into the "champagne division' of the Texas Air National
Guard, where he trained to fly outmoded airplanes and had no chance of ever
being called up for duty?

The fact remains that Kerry served his nation in Vietnam, George W. Bush did
not. Neither did Dick Cheney, Don Rumsfeld, John Ashcroft or most of the other
top members of the Bush administration. This would make these Republican smear
tactics not just sleazy and dishonest, but hypocritical as well.

MICHAEL MAHERApple Valley

Into community

I have been reading "Community History' for a long time and wanted to let you
know how much I enjoy the articles. The article on "Wicked Weather' on Aug. 1
was excellent.

ROSE MARIE DALMEJoshua Tree

Veterans charity

This is in response to Barbara Quezada, regarding donations she made to the
Salvation Army ["Donations unappreciated,' Aug. 10]. I, too, was not satisfied
when making donations to another well-known charity.

I now make all of my charitable donations to the Disabled American Veterans. Lo
and behold, they even will come to your home and pick up items that are too
heavy or bulky to take in your car.

Also, they have a wonderful thrift store on Base Line in San Bernardino.

JUNE PLESSELHighland

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              191 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                            August 17, 2004 Tuesday

Matter of security

SECTION: VOICE OF THE PEOPLE

LENGTH: 930 words


"Working' Joe Baca is not working with the country's best interest at heart when
it comes to illegal immigration "sweeps.' If he were working for us, he would
allow the sweeps to continue, support them and assist in tightening the borders.

This is not a race issue, it is a matter of national security.

My vote will not go to Baca, it will definitely go to Ed Laning. I want someone
who realizes the threat and is willing to deal with it.

TORI L. STORDAHL San Bernardino

Keener perspective

To answer a letter by J. Raymond Albrektson ["No hero,' Aug. 5], to say that
Sen. John Kerry got a super-safe berth on a guided missile frigate degrades the
service of U.S. naval personnel aboard ship during the Vietnam conflict. It also
demeans the crew members of the USS Cole.

The letter also demeans the many other Purple Heart recipients who, in that one
moment in time and possibly one inch left or right, could have been severely
injured or worse in a body bag. The term "in harm's way' comes to mind.

Kerry was very lucky, or his guardian angel was looking out for him.

President Bush's mouth has put many of our servicemen in the Middle East in
greater danger. His continually calling the Iraq war a crusade and saying that
he was going to bring democracy, in our image, to the Muslim countries in the
Middle East has infuriated the radical Muslims and was like a call to arms for
them.

Teddy Roosevelt's "Walk softly and carry a big stick' would have served us
better than the Bush bravado.

Bush is considered a loose cannon by the world, and this has increased the risk
in our country.

I supported the removal of Saddam Hussein. But the rhetoric from the Bush
administration and handling of the war has been pathetic.

I don't believe that being a war hero automatically qualifies one to be
president. But Kerry would have done a better job. Seeing people die in war
gives a person a different perspective on the subject.

DONALD HENLEY Sr. San Bernardino

Despicable slander

The TV ads lying about Sen. John Kerry's war record are more of the underhanded,
insulting bashing of an individual meant to discredit him with distortions of
the truth.

No wonder Sen. John McCain was so incensed. The Bush camp did that to McCain
when he ran against President Bush in 2000.

How low can you go? Bush has not distanced himself from this despicable slander.
I wonder why?

FLOYD FRIESS San Bernardino

Smear campaign

Is there any low to which the Republican right will not sink? Is there any slime
in which they will not wallow? It appears not.

It also appears that they must really hate Vietnam veterans. The surest way to
become a victim of the GOP smear machine is to have served your country well in
Vietnam.

During the 2000 presidential campaign, the Republicans engaged in a vicious
smear campaign against one of their own party's most honorable members, John
McCain, when he had the nerve to win several primaries over George W. Bush. They
suggested that the years McCain endured in a Vietnamese prison camp had left him
"mentally unstable,' that he had collaborated with the Viet Cong and that he was
the actual father of a child "of color' his family adopted.

Then, in 2002, the same slimy bunch behind the McCain smear turned their
attention to the Georgia Senate race and incumbent Democratic Sen. Max Cleland,
who lost both legs and an arm in Vietnam when, while dropping from a helicopter
into a combat zone, he reached for a grenade dropped by a fellow soldier, and it
exploded.

The Republicans ran commercials that claimed Cleland couldn't really be labeled
a war hero, since his wounds were the result of an accident rather than combat.

And now, along comes Swift Boat Veterans for the Truth, a group of people
claiming they "served with John Kerry' and making nonspecific charges that Kerry
lied about his Vietnam war record. However, not a single one of these men
actually served with Kerry.

While we've come to expect these kinds of sleazy tactics from the Republicans, I
cannot understand the logic behind them. Doesn't making the Vietnam War records
of their opposition an issue just make their own candidates' Vietnam-era
activities fair game? How can these people attack the likes of McCain, Cleland
and Kerry when their own candidate avoided service in Vietnam by using family
ties to get himself into the "champagne division' of the Texas Air National
Guard, where he trained to fly outmoded airplanes and had no chance of ever
being called up for duty?

The fact remains that Kerry served his nation in Vietnam, George W. Bush did
not. Neither did Dick Cheney, Don Rumsfeld, John Ashcroft or most of the other
top members of the Bush administration. This would make these Republican smear
tactics not just sleazy and dishonest, but hypocritical as well.

MICHAEL MAHER Apple Valley

Into community

I have been reading "Community History' for a long time and wanted to let you
know how much I enjoy the articles. The article on "Wicked Weather' on Aug. 1
was excellent.

ROSE MARIE DALME Joshua Tree

Veterans charity

This is in response to Barbara Quezada, regarding donations she made to the
Salvation Army ["Donations unappreciated,' Aug. 10]. I, too, was not satisfied
when making donations to another well-known charity.

I now make all of my charitable donations to the Disabled American Veterans. Lo
and behold, they even will come to your home and pick up items that are too
heavy or bulky to take in your car.

Also, they have a wonderful thrift store on Base Line in San Bernardino.

JUNE PLESSEL Highland

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              192 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 27, 2015 Friday

New Jersey: Assembly Oks Mazzeo, Andrzejczak, Lagana, Mukherji, Tucker & Garcia
Bill to Create "NJ Stolen Valor Act" to Crack Down on Those Who Falsely
Impersonate Veterans & Active Duty Military

LENGTH: 842  words

DATELINE: Trenton


New Jersey Assembly Majority Office has issued the following news release:

The General Assembly approved legislation on Thursday sponsored by Assembly
Democrats Vince Mazzeo, Bob Andrzejczak, Joseph Lagana, Raj Mukherji, Cleopatra
Tucker and Carmelo G. Garcia to crack down on individuals who demean members of
the U.S. Armed Forces by falsely impersonating veterans or active duty military
in order to try and receive various perks.

The bill was inspired by recent reports of a growing trend in which veterans and
active-duty troops record people they believe are faking military service, often
times to try and receive various perks, and post the results on social media. In
one of the most recent videos, which has received nearly five million hits on
YouTube, a veteran at the Oxford Valley Mall in Pennsylvania questions a man in
army fatigues who claims to have served in Afghanistan and Iraq as a member of
the elite Army Rangers, but clearly appears unfamiliar with proper military
protocol.

"Anyone who attempts to obtain any financial benefit or perks by knowingly lying
about their military or veteran status really stoops to a new low," said Mazzeo
(D-Atlantic). "These examples of Stolen Valor demean those who have served in
the military and those who have sacrificed and lost their lives in defense of
our nation. It is my hope that this legislation and its harsh penalties will
help dissuade anyone from continuing this heinous practice."

The bill, designated the "New Jersey Stolen Valor Act," seeks to crack down on
these imposters by making it a crime of the third degree, with a mandatory
minimum fine of $1,000, to knowingly misrepresent oneself as a veteran or member
of the military for the purpose of obtaining money, property or another benefit
by wearing the uniform or any medal or insignia authorized for use by the
members or veterans of the United Armed Forces or the organized militia.

"Every soldier earns each and every stripe or promotion with hard work and
dedication to their country," said Andrzejczak (D-Cape May, Atlantic,
Cumberland). "To impersonate a veteran and benefit from the service and
sacrifice of real military men and woman is disgraceful. It deserves punishment
to the fullest extent of the law."

Currently, state law makes it a crime of the fourth degree to knowingly present
oneself as a veteran or a member of the military with the intent to deceive, but
not necessarily for the purpose of obtaining any kind of benefit, by wearing a
military uniform or medal or insignia.

"The invaluable experience and knowledge of military men and women cannot be
easily duplicated," said Lagana (D-Bergen, Passaic). "There should be a penalty
those who try to impersonate them and take advantage of military perks and
benefits offered in New Jersey."

"Service men and women put their lives on the line in the most dangerous of
situations to protect our freedoms here and abroad," said Mukherji (D-Hudson).
"Impersonation of a soldier is nothing to take lightly. Men and women have
earned their status as members of the U.S. Armed Force and must be given the
respect and honor they deserve for their service."

Additionally, this bill would make false statements regarding oneself as a
recipient of any decoration or medal of the U.S. Armed Forces or organized
militia for the purpose of obtaining money, property or another benefit a crime
of the third degree, with a mandatory minimum fine of $1,000.
State law does not presently prohibit false statements about military or veteran
status.

Federal law prohibits both the unauthorized wearing of a military uniform or any
distinctive part thereof and false statements as to receipt of military
decorations or medals for the purpose of obtaining money, property, or some
other tangible benefit.

"Impersonating a military officer in order to take advantage of special benefits
is a despicable act and it should be a crime in New Jersey," said Tucker
(D-Essex).

"Individuals who impersonate the military are mocking the sacrifices made by
real service men and women," said Garcia (D-Hudson). "The bill makes it clear
that this behavior will not be tolerated in New Jersey."

Any fines collected under this bill would be dedicated to the Military
Dependents Scholarship Fund, which would be established by legislation (A-2489)
which was approved by the General Assembly in July and is pending in the Senate.
The fund would provide college scholarships to the spouses and children of those
killed, missing in action or disabled in the Post 9/11 Operation Noble Eagle,
Operation Enduring Freedom, Operation Iraqi Freedom, or Operation New Dawn.

Until this fund is established, any fines collected under this bill would be
dedicated to the "NJ National Guard State Family Readiness Council Fund," to
provide assistance to New Jersey National Guard members and their families
affected by extended deployment during Operation Enduring Freedom and Operation
Iraqi Freedom.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              193 of 998 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      VeriGift Charitable Giving by iWave


              RECIPIENT: Jones Regional Medical Center Foundation
                               DONOR: Dawn DeMean


                        LAST UPDATED: September 22, 2016
                              DONATION YEAR: 2008

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Annual Gift
DONATION RANGE:  USD Unspecified

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Jones Regional Medical Center Foundation
TAXCODE:  42-1429225
URL:  http://www.unitypoint.org/anamosa
LOCATION:  Anamosa, IA, 52205
CATEGORY:  Health Care

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  Dawn DeMean
DONOR TYPE:  Individuals

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2017


                              194 of 998 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2015 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      VeriGift Charitable Giving by iWave


                      RECIPIENT: Mercy Medical Center Iowa
                       DONOR: H. Gene and Phyllis DeMean


                        LAST UPDATED: November 10, 2015
                              DONATION YEAR: 2010

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Memorial
DONATION RANGE:  USD Unspecified

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Mercy Medical Center Iowa
TAXCODE:  42-0698295
URL:  http://mercycare.org
LOCATION:  Cedar Rapids, IA, 52403
CATEGORY:  Health Care

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  H. Gene and Phyllis DeMean
DONOR TYPE:  Individuals

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2015


                              195 of 998 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2015 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      VeriGift Charitable Giving by iWave


                      RECIPIENT: Mercy Medical Center Iowa
                       DONOR: H. Gene and Phyllis DeMean


                        LAST UPDATED: November 10, 2015
                              DONATION YEAR: 2010

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Memorial
DONATION RANGE:  USD Unspecified

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Mercy Medical Center Iowa
TAXCODE:  42-0698295
URL:  http://mercycare.org
LOCATION:  Cedar Rapids, IA, 52403
CATEGORY:  Health Care

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  H. Gene and Phyllis DeMean
DONOR TYPE:  Individuals

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2015


                              196 of 998 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2015 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      VeriGift Charitable Giving by iWave


                      RECIPIENT: Mercy Medical Center Iowa
                       DONOR: H. Gene and Phyllis DeMean


                        LAST UPDATED: November 10, 2015
                              DONATION YEAR: 2009

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Memorial
DONATION RANGE:  USD Unspecified

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Mercy Medical Center Iowa
TAXCODE:  42-0698295
URL:  http://mercycare.org
LOCATION:  Cedar Rapids, IA, 52403
CATEGORY:  Health Care

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  H. Gene and Phyllis DeMean
DONOR TYPE:  Individuals

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2015


                              197 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Melania's speech was supposed to start an 'image pivot' for Trump - but put him
on defensive instead

BYLINE: Shona Murray

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 22,23

LENGTH: 803 words


REPUBLICANS spent yesterday batting away charges that parts of the maiden speech
by would-be first lady, Melania Trump were plagiarised directly from one given
by Michelle Obama in 2008.

The speech was supposed to set the ball rolling on an 'image pivot' by the Trump
campaign to try to soften his public persona, from unhinged autocrat to a loyal,
family-orientated patriot.

And in the moments after it was delivered, the tone appeared to have been
successfully set. Melania spoke about how "Donald" intends to represent "all of
the people" and how he maintains "the utmost respect for his parents."

She noted that his "great" children - who are seen as important advisers on his
campaign - bear testament to who he is as a "man, and a father."

The major fail occurred when Melania began speaking about her own upbringing and
the "values" she holds dear - which include "working hard for what you want in
life."

These are perfectly fitting proclamations for an American audience, but when
analysed beside the speech Michelle Obama gave at the Democratic convention in
2008, passages spoken by Melania were, more or less verbatim, those spoken by
Michelle, and she even replicated the same sombre tone.

In the respective speeches, both Michelle and Melania stressed that they were
raised to respect that "your word is your bond" and that you do "what you say
you're going to do".

Adding insult to injury, Melania Trump said she penned it herself, "with as
little help as possible".

She told 'Today News' in the US that she had only read it over "once." It is
therefore more than a little embarrassing she should be caught lying about
writing the speech, and perhaps not knowing what the source was.

It is also astounding that such a glaring misappropriation of someone else's
speech was allowed to be delivered at the convention at such a pivotal time in
the campaign by someone as vital to the race as Melania Trump.

But the fact that it was a speech stolen from the Obamas, who were second only
to Hillary Clinton in terms of heavy criticism and ire at this year's
convention, is also hugely remarkable.

Unsurprisingly, the Trump campaign is blaming the media for creating a storm
aimed at targeting Ms Trump.

The media is regularly targeted as a way of deflecting genuine public concern
about Mr Trump's credentials for commander-in-chief.

On Monday night, a particularly animated Rudy Giuliani, the former mayor of New
York, levelled a broadside at the press for Mr Trump's bad image.

Paul Manafort, the Trump chief strategist, whose idea it was to try to recreate
a more personable Trump persona and who is likely to take the fall for this,
described plagiarism claims as "crazy".

"These are common words of values," insisted Mr Manafort.

Even the use of the word "crazy" as a defence for what seems to be a clear-cut
situation points to the opaque nature of the campaign.

"This convention is a thinly veiled attempt to bring unity to a divided and
angry party.

Notable by their absence this week are the Bush family - and more stalwart
members of the GOP one could barely find.

And instead of striking a consolatory tone which may help down the line, the
Trump campaign dismissed the family as "part of the past".

Mr Manafort then went on to parry the allegations of plagiarism by Melania's
speechwriters by accusing a so-far silent Hillary Clinton of seeking to "demean"
the potential first lady.

"This is once again an example of when a woman threatens Hillary Clinton, she
seeks out to demean her and take her down."

This latest attempt is "not going to work", said Mr Manafort.

Others on the republican side similarly claim that given the subject matter and
tone of the speech - family life, ethical concerns and a soft-focus on her
husband, there is limited vocabulary to express such matters.

"There are certain things you're going to talk about ... like whether (your
spouse) is honest, compassionate and good with their kids," said Rick Santorum,
a former candidate for the GOP presidential ticket.

"You're not going to talk about their professional skills, you're going to talk
about how they interact with their family," he told the Irish Independent at the
convention centre in Cleveland.

"Of course there's going to be some overlap."

But when pressed on the striking similarities, Mr Santorum admitted "obviously
someone made a mistake", adding that it in no way "detracts from the fact" that
Melania "means those things."

The "insight" Melania gave to the convention about her husband was a "real
plus", said Mr Santorum.

"She did exactly what she needed to do; it's verbiage as opposed to content,"
said Lori Wintor from Columbus, Ohio.

'Passages spoken by  ;  ;  Melania were, more  ;  ;  or less verbatim,  ;  ;
those spoken by  ;  ;  Michelle in 2008,  ;  ;  and Ms Trump even  ;  ;
replicated the same  ;  ;  sombre tone'  ;

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Trump supporters unfurl a banner at the Republican National Convention
in Cleveland, Ohio

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2016 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              198 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Jerusalem Post

                            April 27, 2000 Thursday

'Kosher Sex' rabbi squares off with 'Hustler' publisher

BYLINE: TOM TUGEND

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 700 words


LOS ANGELES - It was billed as a championship heavyweight bout, this week's
great debate between Larry Flynt, publisher of Hustler and other pornographic
magazines, and Rabbi Shmuley Boteach, author of Kosher Sex and other major
works.

As it turned out, it was more like an old Charlie Chaplin or Buster Keaton
two-reeler, with the skinny and nimble Boteach furiously bobbing, jabbing, and
weaving, while the heavy-set Flynt sat there placidly, flicking off the jabs and
occasionally throwing a punch of his own.

The referee was Los Angeles Times columnist Robert Scheer, who tried, with
indifferent success, to point Boteach back to his corner at the end of a round.

Joining as an unannounced wild card was Roseanne Barr, television personality
and student of Kabbalah, who sat between the two combatants and did little to
raise the coherence level of the Monday-evening debate.

Nevertheless, the 750-strong, mostly youngish audience apparently got its $15
per ticket worth, applauding the best punch lines and peppering the speakers
with questions, some even more outlandish than the debate itself.

Stripped of its persiflage, Boteach's main argument was that pornography
degrades and dehumanizes both men and women and causes marital dissatisfaction,
because few wives can equal the abundantly endowed and uninhibited porno queens
their husbands watch on video.

Delving into his bag of statistics, Boteach asserted that 84 percent of men
fantasize about other women while making love to their wives.

Flynt, who was introduced by Scheer as "a hero in the Constitutional and First
Amendment struggle for freedom of expression," took a swipe at Boteach as a
"Jewish Jerry Falwell," before delivering his central message.

"It's okay to have values if they work for you, but it's a big mistake to impose
your morality on others," said Flynt. "The church has had its hands on our
crotch for 2,000 years. Let's give each other a little more space."

Barr interjected that both religion and pornography are about controlling women,
but since she has reached a menopausal stage sex is of little interest to her.
Cleverly weaving in a Pessah theme, she observed that "being liberated from sex,
I've been freed from slavery and the land of Egypt."

During the question period, one man wondered how the rabbi had become an expert
on pornography without perusing the stuff. Another audience member asked
Boteach, an Orthodox rabbi, to work toward the ordination of women rabbis and
the abolition of the prayer in which men thank God for having made them men.

These observations, however, were topped by a lady who identified herself as the
executive director of Coyote, a trade association for prostitutes, who sought
the panel's help in legalizing prostitution.

"Being a prostitute is the best job I ever had," she asserted. "Before that, I
worked for the Los Angeles Police Department for 10 years, and that job really
sucked."

The debate was presented by the Sephardic Educational Center and not everybody
was happy about the sponsorship.

Several synagogues declined to host the event and Dr. Jose Nessim, president of
the center, acknowledged that a number of rabbis had protested Flynt's
appearance.

One note that the center made available was from Rabbi David Wolpe of Sinai
Temple.

"Flynt ought not to be given the sponsorship of a Jewish educational
institution," Wolpe wrote. "He does not merit it. His life is devoted to the
dissemination of pornography, to the objectification and degradation of human
beings. Rabbi Boteach ought not to demean himself by appearing on the same
platform, and you ought not to demean yourself by sponsoring it."

Nessim shrugged off the criticism, noting that "to Sephardim little is taboo,
and perhaps we can learn something useful."

Neil Sheff, chairman of the SEC's Young Adult Movement, which organized the
evening, observed that the debate would help familiarize many young people with
the Sephardic center.

As the crowd left the Wilshire Theatre after the debate, they encountered a
sidewalk preacher with perhaps the final comment on the evening.

The man was wearing a sweatshirt with the words "Jesus Is Coming in 2000?" on
top. Printed below was the warning, "God's Judgment Is Coming."

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2000 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              199 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                           October 30, 2008 Thursday

Commentary: The awesome power of being an attorney

BYLINE: Langston D. McFadden

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 796  words


"I do solemnly swear or affirm that I will demean myself, as an attorney and a
counselor of the U.S. District for the Western District of New York, uprightly
and accordingly to law; and I will support the Constitution of the United
States. So help me God. "

The preceding is the oath taken by every new admittee to practice before the
Western District of New York. Recently, I had the pleasure of serving as a
sponsoring attorney for a young associate in our office as she took the oath.
The words I had forgotten. The meaning I had forgotten. The impact of taking the
oath I also had forgotten.

As I stood there proudly supporting the new attorney, and listened to those
words, I thought, "what an awesome power it is that we have as attorneys. " And,
to quote a line from the movie "Spiderman," - "With great power, comes great
responsibility. "

After I left court that day, I thought for a long time about the words we
recited in the attorney oath each one of us has taken. I thought about their
meaning and just what it is we must do in order to uphold that oath. I wondered
to myself, "Have I forgotten the meaning behind the oath?"

"Have I fulfilled the promise I made when taking the oath?"

Looking back over the nearly six years I have been practicing, I find myself
wondering what I have done in my practice to uphold the oath and to fulfill its
meaning? Have I demeaned myself as "an attorney and counselor of the U.S.
District Court ... uprightly and accordingly?"

Even today, as I sit thinking about the question, I am uncertain whether I have.

Have I tried my hardest to be the best attorney I can be? Of course I have. Have
I represented my clients zealously and with the fervor each and every plaintiff
or defendant deserves? Of course I have.

But have I done everything to demean myself uprightly and accordingly as an
attorney? I am still not sure.

In reviewing my career, I would like to think I have tried to meet and fulfill
the meaning of the words behind the attorney oath. More importantly, however, I
would like to think that every attorney asks themselves the same questions over
the course of their careers. Ask yourselves whether you have demeaned yourselves
as attorneys and counselors uprightly and accordingly. Then ask yourselves this:
Just what does that mean? Have you zealously represented each and every client
that has come before you? Have you fulfilled every assignment to the best of
your ability, no matter how small or mundane it may have seemed? Have you
afforded your clients, your adversaries and the court the respect and courtesies
that you should as an attorney and an officer of the court?

When answering such questions, quietly to yourself, do not answer them by
looking through your own eyes. Answer them through the eyes of your clients,
through the eyes of your adversaries and through the eyes of the court. What
might their answers be?

I have learned in the short time I have been practicing that i, truly, is an
awesome power we hold as attorneys. We possess knowledge and skills that are not
possessed by most individuals. When a client seeks our legal assistance or our
counsel and guidance, they often come to us because we are their last resort. In
many instances they come to us because we are the beacon of hope that an
injustice in their life will be corrected through our judicial system. With our
skills and abilities, we often mean the difference between happiness and
despair. What an awesome power it is we possess - the power to correct wrongs,
to stamp out injustice; and, simply put, to help people.

As I look back, I realize I have not always appreciated the responsibility that
comes with the power of being an attorney. I sometimes have lost sight of the
importance of the meaning behind the attorney oath, which not only requires us
to be ethical, moral and just, but also to exhibit compassion, respect and
sympathy.

I have found that, every once in a while, I need to refocus my goals and
priorities in life and get back to the real reason I wanted to become an
attorney in the first place: To help others in their time of need and to succeed
in a profession that is respected and looked up to. Having done this, I once
again can say, proudly and with conviction: "I do solemnly swear or affirm that
I will demean myself, as an attorney and a counselor of the U.S. District for
the Western District of New York, uprightly and accordingly to law; and I will
support the Constitution of the United States. So help me God. "

Langston D. McFadden is an attorney engaged in the private practice of law with
the Rochester law firm of Harter Secrest & Emery LLP. He maintains a practice in
the area of civil litigation and represents the interests of corporate and
individual clients. He can be reached at (585) 232-6500.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              200 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                       June 27, 2003 Friday Final Edition

U.S. court strikes down law banning gay sex: Ruling enshrines right to privacy
for consensual acts

SOURCE: CanWest News Service

BYLINE: Peter Goodspeed

SECTION: News; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 462 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

In a ruling condemned by one dissenting justice as making the United States more
like Canada, the U.S. Supreme Court struck down Thursday a Texas law banning gay
sex, saying it was an unconstitutional violation of privacy.

Justice Antonin Scalia wrote a dissenting opinion in which he warned the
judgment "effectively decrees the end of all morals legislation" in the United
States and predicted it could pave the way for the "judicial imposition of
homosexual marriage, as has recently occurred in Canada."

The decision overturned all laws in the U.S. banning both homosexual and
heterosexual anal and oral sex.

It effectively reverses a 17-year-old Supreme Court ruling that said it was
legal for states to punish what they regarded as deviant sexual practices.

Instead, the Supreme Court opted to enshrine a broad constitutional right to
sexual privacy.

The ruling is bound to touch off storms of protest -- and celebration -- across
the United States.

Gay rights activists said it marks a major cultural shift as much as it signals
a legal change in the status of homosexuals and lesbians.

"This is a historic day," said Ruth Harlow, a lawyer for the Lambda Legal
Defence & Education Fund, which represented the two gay men who challenged the
Texas law.

"What the court did today is to recognize the basic humanity of gay people."

The case involved a 1998 incident near Houston. Police, responding to a
neighbour's malicious report of a gunman "going crazy," broke into John Geddes
Lawrence's apartment and found him having anal sex with Tyron Garner.

The two spent a night in jail and were convicted of a misdemeanour sex charge
under a Texas law that banned "deviate sexual intercourse with another
individual of the same sex." They were fined $200 US each.

The court said the Texas law punished homosexual couples for engaging in sex
acts that are legal for heterosexuals. It also ruled the Constitution's due
process clause gives homosexuals "the full right to engage in private conduct
without government intervention."

The Texas law "demeans the lives of homosexual persons," said Justice Anthony
Kennedy, who penned the majority decision, adding homosexuals "are entitled to
respect for their private lives."

"The state cannot demean their existence or control their destiny by making
their private sexual conduct a crime."

Before 1961, every state had laws forbidding gay sex. Since then, most have
repealed their anti-sodomy laws.

Of the 13 states that still have such laws, Texas, Kansas, Oklahoma and Missouri
prohibit oral and anal sex between same-sex couples only.

The other nine -- Alabama, Florida, Idaho, Louisiana, Mississippi, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Utah and Virginia -- banned consensual sodomy for
everyone.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              201 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           January 26, 2008 Saturday
                                  City Edition

YOUR VIEWS: POLITICS/STATE GOVERNMENT;
Democrats' dirty street fights

SECTION: OPINION; YOUR VIEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 1100 words


In a recent Democratic presidential debate, Barack Obama made the mistake of
"street fighting" with Hillary Clinton. The Clintons are the best street
fighters around. Obama is understandably frustrated about Bill Clinton stumping
for Hillary. Clinton is demeaning the tradition of former presidents. A clever
television pundit noted that in 2000 our current president's father didn't
campaign for his son or demean the opposition for two reasons: George H.W. Bush
no longer wanted power (Clinton does) and is too decent to demean the stature of
former presidents by public partisanship.

But the Clintons get away with it. Recently, at an African-American event, Bill
Clinton joked that he didn't blame them for confusing him with Jimmy Carter
because "all of us white-haired white guys look the same." Hillary Clinton
bragged about a black leader's endorsement who said, "Go to hell, white man."
Dirty street fights. More to come.

Kenneth R. Webster, Edmond

Pathological liar  How any clear-thinking American, including some Democrats,
can think that supporting the Clintons is good for the country is amazing in
light of the facts. When Bill Clinton lied to the American public on national TV
and lied to the federal court and demeaned and disgraced the office of the
president and was impeached, Hillary Clinton blamed it on a "vast right-wing
conspiracy." She knew that Bill Clinton was an adulterer and a pathological
liar.

Walter J. Mundy, Edmond

At a crossroads  I wholeheartedly agree with University of Oklahoma President
David Boren (Opinion, Jan. 18). Our nation is at a crossroads and this next
election is very important. Boren needs to direct his comments to his own
political party. The Democrats, specifically Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi, have
done nothing as leaders of Congress to unite anyone. From Reid's comments that
the war in Iraq is unwinnable to their many witch hunts of the current
administration, their politics haven't been to promote what's good for the
American people. Their goal has been to harass and denigrate the current
administration at the expense of the country.

Again, I agree with Boren and applaud him for putting the country first.

Kent Lee, Ardmore

Divided we fail  AARP Oklahoma agrees with David Boren's assessment (Opinion,
Jan. 18) that it will take bipartisan unity to put America first. Together we
can do anything. That's why AARP, in conjunction with the National Federation of
Independent Business, Service Employees International Union and Business
Roundtable, has launched a nationwide, bipartisan campaign called "Divided We
Fail" to amplify the voices of millions of Americans who believe that health
care and lifetime financial security are the most pressing domestic issues
facing our nation.

Already, more than 53 million Americans have joined this cause by signing a
pledge to vote for candidates - Democrats, Republicans and independents - who
support measures to ensure affordable, quality health care for all Americans,
encourage personal responsibility by making it easier to save for retirement and
strengthen Social Security for future generations. Over the next few months,
volunteers of all ages from AARP Oklahoma will be out in force at public events,
political forums and other activities encouraging Oklahomans to sign the pledge
and get behind this initiative.

Nancy Coffer, Edmond

Coffer is state director of AARP Oklahoma.

Right or wrong  Recently I heard a weather report on TV that said temperatures
were below normal for all states except Arizona and Hawaii. Apparently, a Nobel
Prize is awarded for any crusade such as global warming, right or wrong. I
haven't heard a peep from Al Gore about these cold temperatures. It feels like
an ice age to me! Where's Al?

Mel Brock, Yukon

McMahan should resign  State Auditor and Inspector Jeff McMahan should resign.
The charges against him are serious. Actions like this hurt our state's image.
Regardless of your political party, we can all agree that Oklahoma would be
well-served by McMahan saving us further embarrassment and letting someone else
have the job.

Edward Calame, Comanche

Without boundaries  Only in Oklahoma would there be an indictment of the person
most responsible for identifying and correcting the fraud, waste and
mismanagement of state funds. As a former federal government auditor, I'm
embarrassed by this event. Those who voted for this man should be the most
embarrassed since the very allegations for which he was indicted were well known
at the time he was elected. This is just a way of life in Oklahoma politics,
where legislators and legislative leaders were recently entertained in the Texas
home of the individual involved in the indictment of our former insurance
commissioner (presently in jail for misdeeds while in elected office). The lack
of ethics and common sense in Oklahoma politics knows no political boundaries.

Mike Armstrong, Mustang

Ignorant, arrogant or both  Regarding "Are officials complying with state tax
laws? 5 legislators are warned for not filing" (news story, Jan. 20): Oklahoma
House Speaker Lance Cargill said, "I'm human, I made a mistake" and "There's
nobody more upset over it than I am." I can assure Cargill that the thousands of
Oklahoma citizens who diligently file and pay their taxes on time every year are
definitely more upset than he is.

A 2003 law requiring state agencies fire state employees who "repeatedly" fail
to file state tax returns should apply in this situation. If state Rep. Jabar
Shumate, D-Tulsa, in failing to file tax returns for 1999, 2001, 2004, 2005 and
2006, is not an example of "repeatedly," what is? State Sen. Connie Johnson,
D-Oklahoma City, said her excuse for "repeatedly" not filing state or federal
tax returns for 2004, 2005 and 2006 was because of a 2002 divorce. Her ex has
all her paper work, she said. This sounds like a fifth-grader making an excuse.

These five are examples of ignorance, arrogance or both. If they can't take care
of their personal affairs, they don't need to be making laws or overseeing and
spending our tax dollars. They need to be removed from office.

Carolyn Barlow, Wetumpka

Vote them out  It's been said that voters have short memories, but I hope we
will all remember the names of the five legislators who failed to file personal
income tax returns, as well as the lawmaker who's delinquent on property taxes.
I urge everyone represented by these lawmakers to vote for their opponent when
they're up for re-election. If they can't handle their own financial affairs
satisfactorily, we certainly don't want them handling ours.

Georgia Newton, Choctaw

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo 1: Harry Reid
Photo 2: Jeff McMahan

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              202 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           January 26, 2008 Saturday
                                  City Edition

YOUR VIEWS: POLITICS/STATE GOVERNMENT;
Democrats' dirty street fights

SECTION: OPINION; YOUR VIEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 1100 words


In a recent Democratic presidential debate, Barack Obama made the mistake of
"street fighting" with Hillary Clinton. The Clintons are the best street
fighters around. Obama is understandably frustrated about Bill Clinton stumping
for Hillary. Clinton is demeaning the tradition of former presidents. A clever
television pundit noted that in 2000 our current president's father didn't
campaign for his son or demean the opposition for two reasons: George H.W. Bush
no longer wanted power (Clinton does) and is too decent to demean the stature of
former presidents by public partisanship.

But the Clintons get away with it. Recently, at an African-American event, Bill
Clinton joked that he didn't blame them for confusing him with Jimmy Carter
because "all of us white-haired white guys look the same." Hillary Clinton
bragged about a black leader's endorsement who said, "Go to hell, white man."
Dirty street fights. More to come.

Kenneth R. Webster, Edmond

Pathological liar  How any clear-thinking American, including some Democrats,
can think that supporting the Clintons is good for the country is amazing in
light of the facts. When Bill Clinton lied to the American public on national TV
and lied to the federal court and demeaned and disgraced the office of the
president and was impeached, Hillary Clinton blamed it on a "vast right-wing
conspiracy." She knew that Bill Clinton was an adulterer and a pathological
liar.

Walter J. Mundy, Edmond

At a crossroads  I wholeheartedly agree with University of Oklahoma President
David Boren (Opinion, Jan. 18). Our nation is at a crossroads and this next
election is very important. Boren needs to direct his comments to his own
political party. The Democrats, specifically Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi, have
done nothing as leaders of Congress to unite anyone. From Reid's comments that
the war in Iraq is unwinnable to their many witch hunts of the current
administration, their politics haven't been to promote what's good for the
American people. Their goal has been to harass and denigrate the current
administration at the expense of the country.

Again, I agree with Boren and applaud him for putting the country first.

Kent Lee, Ardmore

Divided we fail  AARP Oklahoma agrees with David Boren's assessment (Opinion,
Jan. 18) that it will take bipartisan unity to put America first. Together we
can do anything. That's why AARP, in conjunction with the National Federation of
Independent Business, Service Employees International Union and Business
Roundtable, has launched a nationwide, bipartisan campaign called "Divided We
Fail" to amplify the voices of millions of Americans who believe that health
care and lifetime financial security are the most pressing domestic issues
facing our nation.

Already, more than 53 million Americans have joined this cause by signing a
pledge to vote for candidates - Democrats, Republicans and independents - who
support measures to ensure affordable, quality health care for all Americans,
encourage personal responsibility by making it easier to save for retirement and
strengthen Social Security for future generations. Over the next few months,
volunteers of all ages from AARP Oklahoma will be out in force at public events,
political forums and other activities encouraging Oklahomans to sign the pledge
and get behind this initiative.

Nancy Coffer, Edmond

Coffer is state director of AARP Oklahoma.

Right or wrong  Recently I heard a weather report on TV that said temperatures
were below normal for all states except Arizona and Hawaii. Apparently, a Nobel
Prize is awarded for any crusade such as global warming, right or wrong. I
haven't heard a peep from Al Gore about these cold temperatures. It feels like
an ice age to me! Where's Al?

Mel Brock, Yukon

McMahan should resign  State Auditor and Inspector Jeff McMahan should resign.
The charges against him are serious. Actions like this hurt our state's image.
Regardless of your political party, we can all agree that Oklahoma would be
well-served by McMahan saving us further embarrassment and letting someone else
have the job.

Edward Calame, Comanche

Without boundaries  Only in Oklahoma would there be an indictment of the person
most responsible for identifying and correcting the fraud, waste and
mismanagement of state funds. As a former federal government auditor, I'm
embarrassed by this event. Those who voted for this man should be the most
embarrassed since the very allegations for which he was indicted were well known
at the time he was elected. This is just a way of life in Oklahoma politics,
where legislators and legislative leaders were recently entertained in the Texas
home of the individual involved in the indictment of our former insurance
commissioner (presently in jail for misdeeds while in elected office). The lack
of ethics and common sense in Oklahoma politics knows no political boundaries.

Mike Armstrong, Mustang

Ignorant, arrogant or both  Regarding "Are officials complying with state tax
laws? 5 legislators are warned for not filing" (news story, Jan. 20): Oklahoma
House Speaker Lance Cargill said, "I'm human, I made a mistake" and "There's
nobody more upset over it than I am." I can assure Cargill that the thousands of
Oklahoma citizens who diligently file and pay their taxes on time every year are
definitely more upset than he is.

A 2003 law requiring state agencies fire state employees who "repeatedly" fail
to file state tax returns should apply in this situation. If state Rep. Jabar
Shumate, D-Tulsa, in failing to file tax returns for 1999, 2001, 2004, 2005 and
2006, is not an example of "repeatedly," what is? State Sen. Connie Johnson,
D-Oklahoma City, said her excuse for "repeatedly" not filing state or federal
tax returns for 2004, 2005 and 2006 was because of a 2002 divorce. Her ex has
all her paper work, she said. This sounds like a fifth-grader making an excuse.

These five are examples of ignorance, arrogance or both. If they can't take care
of their personal affairs, they don't need to be making laws or overseeing and
spending our tax dollars. They need to be removed from office.

Carolyn Barlow, Wetumpka

Vote them out  It's been said that voters have short memories, but I hope we
will all remember the names of the five legislators who failed to file personal
income tax returns, as well as the lawmaker who's delinquent on property taxes.
I urge everyone represented by these lawmakers to vote for their opponent when
they're up for re-election. If they can't handle their own financial affairs
satisfactorily, we certainly don't want them handling ours.

Georgia Newton, Choctaw

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo 1: Harry Reid
Photo 2: Jeff McMahan

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              203 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 28, 2003 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Ideas & Trends: Anger Management;
Using the Other Guy's Vitriol to Win Votes

BYLINE:  By GEOFFREY NUNBERG; Geoffrey Nunberg, a Stanford linguist, is heard
regularly on NPR's "Fresh Air" and is the author of "The Way We Talk Now."

SECTION: Section 4; Column 1; Week in Review Desk; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1033 words


THE anger wars were officially launched last July, when Ed Gillespie gave his
first speech as chairman of the Republican National Committee. The Democrats, he
said, "serve up raw emotion" in place of solutions, "and that emotion is anger."
Mr. Gillespie has been echoing that theme ever since. Last month, he described
the Democrats as the party of "protests, pessimism and political hate speech."

As alliterative animadversions go, the line may not be in a league with "
nattering nabobs of negativism," Vice President Spiro T. Agnew's dismissal of
the critics of another Republican administration caught up in a controversial
war. But it signals a similar intention to make the Democrats' mood itself an
issue in the coming campaign, and to redefine the language of political emotion
in the bargain.

Marc Racicot, the chairman of the Bush for President campaign, sent out a
fund-raising letter last week warning that the president is under "venomous
assault from rage-filled Democrats," even as the campaign was releasing a new ad
called "When Angry Democrats Attack."

"Tired of the pessimism and angry protests?" it asks, over clips of
Representative Richard A. Gephardt and Senator John Kerry harshly criticizing
the president, along with one of Howard Dean growling "Thank you very much,"
implying that the governor's dyspepsia extends even to his expressions of
gratitude.

Granted, the Democratic base really is angry, and Governor Dean owes his
front-runner status to his success in mobilizing that feeling. . The party's
activists are still mad about how President Bush came by his job and even madder
about what he's done with it since -- an anger that has spilled over into an
antipathy for the man himself.

Still, it would be hard to argue that the Democrats are any more hostile toward
Mr. Bush than the Republicans have been toward the Clintons or, for that matter,
that Republicans have become any more amiable since they assumed control of the
White House and both houses of Congress. The only thing that has changed is that
now the left is expressing itself with the same pugnacity as the right,
Democrats say. If the tone comes out sounding angry in Democrats and merely
aggressive in Republicans, that's because of the discrepancies in power between
the two, not because of any temperamental difference between the sides.

But as the Republicans tell the story, the Democrats' animosity is less a
question of being mad as hell than of having anger issues. Conservative
commentators analyze the Democrats' problems in therapeutic terms that they
would once have derided as Marin County psychobabble.

Charles Krauthammer talks about "the unhinging of the Democratic Party," as it
passes from "from partisanship to pathology," and David Brooks describes
Democrats as "caught up in their own victimization." In one of his last columns
before his death, Robert L. Bartley of The Wall Street Journal located the
"subconscious roots" of Democrats' anger in a crisis of self-identity,
compounded by "inner doubts about their own moral position" after the Clinton
scandals.

Hence the picture of the Democrats pitched into a fever of self-destructive
rancor, as disdain for Mr. Bush gives way to "a hatred that is near
pathological," in Mr. Krauthammer's words. Or, as Mr. Gillespie puts it, the
Democrats have demeaned the presidency with "political hate speech" -- "harsh,
bitter personal attacks...unprecedented in the history of presidential
politics."

That's a stretch even by accelerated modern standards of political
forgetfulness. Most epithets that Mr. Gillespie has denounced as political hate
speech -- "liar," "phony," "hypocrite" -- were common enough in Republican
mouths during the Clinton years. And while it's certainly severe to describe Mr.
Bush as "a miserable failure," it's hard to see how it demeans the presidency
any more than calling the just-fired Jim Fassel a miserable failure demeans the
position of head coach of the New York Giants.

Most of that can be excused as the routine partisan ebullience that you expect
from someone in Mr. Gillespie's position. What's notable is the way the
Republicans have appropriated "hate speech" to describe the Democrats' attacks
on Mr. Bush. That's another example of the way political language has tended to
drift from left to right over recent decades.

Conservatives use "hate speech" the way they use words like "diversity" and
"bias," in the hope that the moral valence that the terms acquired in the
context of civil rights will persist when the words are applied to partisan
divisions, even if their meanings are altered in the process.

Originally, "hate speech" referred to speech that disparaged social groups on
the basis of race, sex, religion and the like -- an accusation that was more
often leveled at conservatives than by them. By that definition, the mere
expression of a personal antipathy to the president would hardly count as hate
speech, no more than vandalizing a former spouse's car would count as a hate
crime.

But the association of "hate" with unacceptable forms of intolerance and bigotry
tends to color the other uses of the word as well; "political hate speech"
conveys the sense of dark and irrational passions that should be ruled out of
political discourse. To a certain extent that's merely an accident of English,
which happens to use the same word for social pathologies like racism and
anti-Semitism and for the personal antagonisms that make up half the drama of
high-school life -- or, for that matter, for a simple antipathy to spinach.

If you said merely that a lot of Democrats detest Bush, as the French would put
it, it would be hard to summon up the same sense of alarm about their attacks on
him.

Even so, it's striking how the language of polarization has shifted over the
past 30 years. In the early 1970's, when Vice President Agnew went on his
alliterative tear, opponents could only be crudely demonized as effete snobs or
as wild-eyed hippies; in the age of Dr. Phil it is more effective to infantilize
them -- we'll talk about it when they're less angry.

You wonder how Harry S. Truman would have made out if "anger management" had
been part of the language back then.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing (Drawing by Knickerbocker)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              204 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                       June 27, 2003 Friday Final Edition

U.S. top court strikes down ban on gay sex: Dissenting justice warns decision
paves way for gay marriages, like 'in Canada'

SOURCE: CanWest News Service

BYLINE: Peter Goodspeed

SECTION: News; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 586 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON -- In a ruling condemned by one dissenting justice as making the
United States more like Canada, the U.S. Supreme Court yesterday struck down a
Texas law banning gay sex, saying it was an unconstitutional violation of
privacy.

Justice Antonin Scalia wrote a dissenting opinion in which he warned the
judgment "effectively decrees the end of all morals legislation" in the United
States and predicted it could pave the way for the "judicial imposition of
homosexual marriage, as has recently occurred in Canada."

The decision overturned all laws in the United States banning both homosexual
and heterosexual anal and oral sex.

It effectively reverses a 17-year-old Supreme Court ruling that said it was
legal for states to punish what they regarded as deviant sexual practices.
Instead, the Supreme Court opted to enshrine a broad constitutional right to
sexual privacy.

The ruling is bound to touch off storms of protest -- and celebration -- across
the U.S.

Gay rights crusaders said it marks a major cultural shift as much as it signals
a legal change in the status of homosexuals and lesbians.

"This is a historic day," said Ruth Harlow, a lawyer for the Lambda Legal
Defence & Education Fund, which represented the two gay men who challenged the
Texas law.

"What the court did today is to recognize the basic humanity of gay people."

The case involved a 1998 incident near Houston. Police, responding to a
neighbour's malicious report of a gunman "going crazy," broke into John Geddes
Lawrence's apartment and found him having anal sex with Tyron Garner.

The two spent a night in jail and were convicted of a misdemeanour sex charge
under a Texas law that banned "deviate sexual intercourse with another
individual of the same sex." They were fined $200 U.S. each.

The Supreme Court said the Texas law punished homosexual couples for engaging in
sex acts that are legal for heterosexuals.

The Texas law "demeans the lives of homosexual persons," said Justice Anthony
Kennedy, who penned the majority decision, adding homosexuals "are entitled to
respect for their private lives.

"The state cannot demean their existence or control their destiny by making
their private sexual conduct a crime."

The Texas law sought "to control a personal relationship that, whether or not
entitled to formal recognition in the law, is within the liberty of persons to
choose without being punished as criminals," the judgment said.

The court ruled "the Constitution allows homosexual persons the right to choose
to enter upon relationships in the confines of their homes and their own private
lives and still retain their dignity as free persons."

Justices John Stevens, David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer
sided with Justice Kennedy in full.

Justice Sandra Day O'Connor agreed with the outcome of the case, but argued the
deciding factor should have been that it was unfair to punish oral and anal sex
between homosexuals, but not the same conduct between heterosexuals.

Chief Justice William Rehnquist, and justices Scalia and Clarence Thomas
dissented.

Before 1961, every state had laws forbidding homosexual sex. Since then, most
have repealed their anti-sodomy laws.

Of the 13 states that still have such laws, Texas, Kansas, Oklahoma and Missouri
prohibit oral and anal sex between same-sex couples only.

The other nine -- Alabama, Florida, Idaho, Louisiana, Mississippi, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Utah and Virginia -- banned consensual sodomy for
everyone.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              205 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                       June 27, 2003 Friday EARLY Edition

U.S. top court strikes down ban on gay sex: Dissenting justice warns decision
paves way for gay marriages, like 'in Canada'

SOURCE: CanWest News Service

BYLINE: Peter Goodspeed

SECTION: News; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 586 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON -- In a ruling condemned by one dissenting justice as making the
United States more like Canada, the U.S. Supreme Court yesterday struck down a
Texas law banning gay sex, saying it was an unconstitutional violation of
privacy.

Justice Antonin Scalia wrote a dissenting opinion in which he warned the
judgment "effectively decrees the end of all morals legislation" in the United
States and predicted it could pave the way for the "judicial imposition of
homosexual marriage, as has recently occurred in Canada."

The decision overturned all laws in the United States banning both homosexual
and heterosexual anal and oral sex.

It effectively reverses a 17-year-old Supreme Court ruling that said it was
legal for states to punish what they regarded as deviant sexual practices.
Instead, the Supreme Court opted to enshrine a broad constitutional right to
sexual privacy.

The ruling is bound to touch off storms of protest -- and celebration -- across
the U.S.

Gay rights crusaders said it marks a major cultural shift as much as it signals
a legal change in the status of homosexuals and lesbians.

"This is a historic day," said Ruth Harlow, a lawyer for the Lambda Legal
Defence & Education Fund, which represented the two gay men who challenged the
Texas law.

"What the court did today is to recognize the basic humanity of gay people."

The case involved a 1998 incident near Houston. Police, responding to a
neighbour's malicious report of a gunman "going crazy," broke into John Geddes
Lawrence's apartment and found him having anal sex with Tyron Garner.

The two spent a night in jail and were convicted of a misdemeanour sex charge
under a Texas law that banned "deviate sexual intercourse with another
individual of the same sex." They were fined $200 U.S. each.

The Supreme Court said the Texas law punished homosexual couples for engaging in
sex acts that are legal for heterosexuals.

The Texas law "demeans the lives of homosexual persons," said Justice Anthony
Kennedy, who penned the majority decision, adding homosexuals "are entitled to
respect for their private lives.

"The state cannot demean their existence or control their destiny by making
their private sexual conduct a crime."

The Texas law sought "to control a personal relationship that, whether or not
entitled to formal recognition in the law, is within the liberty of persons to
choose without being punished as criminals," the judgment said.

The court ruled "the Constitution allows homosexual persons the right to choose
to enter upon relationships in the confines of their homes and their own private
lives and still retain their dignity as free persons."

Justices John Stevens, David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer
sided with Justice Kennedy in full.

Justice Sandra Day O'Connor agreed with the outcome of the case, but argued the
deciding factor should have been that it was unfair to punish oral and anal sex
between homosexuals, but not the same conduct between heterosexuals.

Chief Justice William Rehnquist, and justices Scalia and Clarence Thomas
dissented.

Before 1961, every state had laws forbidding homosexual sex. Since then, most
have repealed their anti-sodomy laws.

Of the 13 states that still have such laws, Texas, Kansas, Oklahoma and Missouri
prohibit oral and anal sex between same-sex couples only.

The other nine -- Alabama, Florida, Idaho, Louisiana, Mississippi, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Utah and Virginia -- banned consensual sodomy for
everyone.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Richard Carson, Reuters; John Lawrence, left, and Tyron Garner
challenged the Texas law that the Supreme Court ruled yesterday was
unconstitutional.

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              206 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       May 11, 2016 Wednesday 2:06 PM GMT

Hillary Clinton warns that Republicans would 'turn back the clock' on progress;

The Democratic presidential frontrunner turns her fire on GOP field, saying 'You
can't make America great again if you insult and demean the people of America'

BYLINE: Sabrina Siddiqui in Concord, New Hampshire

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 1123 words


As Hillary Clinton wrapped up a town hall on her first day campaigning in 2016,
the year in which she hopes to become the first woman elected to the US
presidency, she had a few parting words.

Related:  Rubio makes it personal against Clinton as candidates tour New
Hampshire

"You can't make America great again if you insult and demean the people of
America," Clinton told a crowd of nearly 800 who had packed into a school
cafeteria to see the former secretary of state on the first Sunday of the new
year.

The reference to Donald Trump's campaign slogan was lost on no one, and it
prompted a round of applause.

It is through his pitch to "Make America Great Again" that Trump catapulted to
the top of the Republican field, where six months since launching his candidacy
he continues to hold a commanding lead with just 26 days remaining until voting
begins.

But the America Trump has envisioned stands in stark contrast to the country
Clinton vowed to protect on Sunday, kicking into gear a battle that could define
the remainder of the race.

And as the Democratic frontrunner told it, it was imperative that Americans not
only understand what was at stake in this election - namely, she said, the
progress made by Barack Obama and Democrats over the last eight years - but also
why she would be the best choice to thwart Republican hopes of taking back the
White House.

Sticking to her stump speech, Clinton ran through the issues that comprise her
agenda - a decidedly progressive platform that expands in any given week.

Economic policies to boost the middle class by raising the tax rates of the
wealthiest Americans; immigration reform that includes a pathway to citizenship
for the millions of undocumented immigrants living in America; an ambitious plan
to combat climate change; ways to counter racial disparities in the criminal
justice system; reducing gun violence through stricter firearm restrictions;
Wall Street reform; expanding healthcare reform; and even even detailed
proposals for tackling substance abuse, Alzheimer's disease and, soon, autism.

"Now we're getting into the serious part of the primary," Clinton said, before
making a direct appeal to voters in New Hampshire, which hosts the first primary
contest. "If you care about any of these issues, please come out and vote on 9
February. Make sure you are part of the solution."

Although Clinton has found a formidable challenger in the Democratic primary in
Bernie Sanders, the independent senator from Vermont, she focused her fire on
her Republican opponents.

For every proposal she believed would mark progress, Clinton said, Republicans
would simply "turn back the clock". She offered familiar lines on their
opposition to Planned Parenthood, while reiterating her commitment to women's
reproductive rights, and mocked Republicans for denying the existence of climate
change.

Even on foreign policy, the central issue upon which Republicans have attacked
Obama and Clinton, as his former secretary of state, she chided her critics for
lacking a coherent plan of their own.

"The fact is - if you don't have a foreign policy, you don't have much to say
except to try to criticize the other people," she said, teeing up an anecdote
she often shares on the campaign trail that involved Clinton mailing copies of
her book Hard Choices to each Republican candidate.

"There are so many of them they could have a book club," she quipped, to
laughter.

Related:  Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama created Isis, says Donald Trump

Beneath the jabs, Clinton's objective was clear: to establish not only herself
as a candidate who could throw punches at the opposition, but also a case for
why she should be the Democratic nominee. She presented herself not only as an
experienced hand on global affairs who was uniquely positioned to confront the
challenges posed by Islamic State, but also as a candidate with an answer to
seemingly every domestic issue that might keep Americans up at night.

While discussing the rise of terrorism, for example, Clinton criticized
Republicans for framing the war as between the west and Islam.

"This should not be the west against Islam, it should be everyone who cares
about their children, their future, against these evildoers," she said.

After a pause, Clinton added: "This is an important difference between me and
those Republicans."

Jay Madnick, an engineer who attended Clinton's first town hall of the day in
Derry, said he was impressed with "how well she spoke" to Democratic priorities.
Identifying himself as an independent who leans Democrat - but could be
persuaded by the right Republican - Madnick lamented that the other party
appeared less serious.

"The one thing I noticed that separates both her and Bernie Sanders and [former
Maryland governor] Martin O'Malley from the Republicans is, they're not
attacking each other," he said. "The Republicans are attacking each other as
much as they can, while the Democrats are presenting their differences with
Republicans."

The only Republican Madnick said he liked, former Florida governor Jeb Bush, was
perceived as "too moderate", he said.

"They're just off the charts, playing to people's fears."

Clinton has raised the latter point often on the campaign trail, invoking
Trump's penchant for offensive comments as part of a broader indictment against
the Republican field. On Sunday, she again condemned his suggestion to ban all
Muslim immigration into the US while suggesting that the other Republican
contenders were simply couching similar views behind milder rhetoric.

The tactic is hardly new - when Trump launched his campaign last summer by
controversially likening Mexican immigrants to "rapists" and "killers", then too
Clinton dubbed the entire Republican field as ranging "across a spectrum of
being either grudgingly welcome or hostile towards immigrants".

Related:  Donald Trump says Hillary Clinton is 'constantly playing the woman
card'

It nonetheless remained a sign of what Republicans, who set out to make inroads
among minorities, women and young voters after losing these demographics heavily
in 2012, will be forced to re-litigate on a national scale this year. While the
Republican primary remains relatively open at this juncture, the Trump effect
and its impact on the field is already abundantly clear to some.

Following Clinton's town hall in Derry, one voter - who did not give his surname
- remarked it was as though "two different elections" were taking place.

"The discussion on the right is all about, 'They're coming to get us, they're
coming to get us, they're coming to get us,' and the discussion on the left is
all about the economy," said Peter, of Derry.

"It's hard to believe that the Republicans and the Democrats are running in the
same race."

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              207 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                    The Daily Telegraph (Sydney, Australia)

                            October 25, 1996, Friday

Culture of hate demeans us all

BYLINE: MIKE GIBSON

SECTION: FULLPAGE / FEATURES; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 700 words


IT is unfortunate - but inevitable, I suppose that the argument about lowering
immigration figures should have deteriorated into a platform for racism.

That's what happens when you allow ignorance to colour an issue that is
important to the economic welfare of this nation.

Ignorance as exemplified by the frighteningly inept performance of Pauline
Hanson on 60 Minutes last Sunday night.

Ms Hanson claims to speak on behalf of most Australians.

God help us, if she does.

Like her mother who warns of the yellow peril ruling the world, like her
brothers and sisters who believe in everything for which she stands, Pauline
Hanson is a caricature of the prejudices, fear and intolerance of a bygone age.

But when one racist comes out of the woodwork, lo and behold, they bob up all
over the place.

Trumpeting that the right to free speech gives them the right to denigrate
people according to the colour of their skins, proclaiming that it is their
democratic birthright to pillory others because of their culture and their race,
they demean our nation as they spew their bigotry, hatred and bile.

Like the Mayor of Port Lincoln in South Australia, Peter Davis, who describes
the children of interracial couples as "mongrels". "I care for my community,"
said the mayor this week.

"The government policy of miscegenation, the crossing of races, has got to
stop."

The strongest opponent to "the crossing of races" was Adolf Hitler.

In his lunatic dream of a perfect society, he tried to breed a so-called super
race of blonde-headed, blue-eyed Aryans.

South Africa was another nation where mixed marriages were frowned upon. Try
"crossing the races" in South Africa, and they threw you in jail.

Mayor Davis sounds like some bourbon-swilling, cigar-chomping throwback from the
deep south of the United States, rather than the mayor of a city in South
Australia.

He refuses to back down on his comments.

Despite the resignations of nine of his 10 fellow councillors in protest against
his repugnant remarks, he predictably defends himself by declaring, "It's a free
world."

It is, Mayor Davis.

We live in a free world in which, if my children - or yours, for that matter -
choose to marry the sons or daughters of immigrants, they are free to do so.

So they should be.

Free to marry whom they please. Free to follow the religion of their choice.

Free to raise their families as they wish, without racists like you looking down
your noses at them, deriding their children as "mongrels". People like you make
me sick, Mayor Davis.

Like the pathetic Pauline Hanson, you are the first to bleat that the reason you
don't want more migrants to this country is because they keep to themselves,
live in ghettos, retain their own cultures, and refuse to assimilate.

But when they attempt to assimilate, when they endeavour to become members of
our society, when they intermarry and have children of their own, what do people
like you do?

You attack them again, that's what.

Why? Because you are racists.

With your foul racist mouth, you sneer at them, and refer to innocent little
children as "mongrels". In many cases, because of parental and family pressures,
because of the sniggers of the ignorant, because of twisted souls like you,
Mayor Davis, it takes a lot of guts for a couple to intermarry.

Those who do require the courage of their convictions. The courage to stand fast
in the face of the sort of blind prejudice and hatred that racists like Mayor
Davis so eagerly endeavour to generate.

There are those who will argue that by giving media exposure to people like
Mayor Davis, by allowing them to "stand up and be counted" as those of his ilk
so often shriek, what we are doing is, in fact, encouraging them.

By affording them the opportunity to spread their message, we are offering them
an outlet for racism and intolerance, bigotry and persecution.

But, by allowing them free rein, by encouraging their right to that freedom of
speech which they so strongly espouse, we give them the opportunity to reveal
themselves.

To show their true colours.

To expose themselves as the vile, obscene and ugly individuals that they are.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DTM

                   Copyright 1996 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              208 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             August 8, 2014 Friday

Op-ed: Utah's same-sex marriage case headed toward the history books

BYLINE: By Paul C. Burke, Brett L. Tolman And John W. Mackay

SECTION: OPINION; Columnists

LENGTH: 799 words


The case against Utah's Amendment 3 is poised to make American history.

Last week, after both the federal district court and the 10th Circuit Court of
Appeals struck down Utah's ban on marriage by same-sex couples, Utah made its
final appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court. The challengers to Amendment 3, having
bolstered their legal team with President Obama's former Solicitor General,
quickly announced that they will join the state in calling for a national ruling
from the Supreme Court.

Attorney General Sean Reyes and Gov. Gary Herbert deserve credit for living up
to their promise to promptly seek a final ruling. By forgoing en banc review by
the 10th Circuit and by filing the state's appeal more than a month early, they
put the case on the fast track to the Supreme Court. Although more than 30
courts in a row across the country have ruled for equality over the past year,
the Supreme Court is likely to hear Utah's appeal.

The state now seeks to defend its ban on same-sex marriage by arguing, rather
implausibly, that "Utah's laws [against same-sex marriage] do not discriminate
based on sexual orientation."

Removing love and commitment from the equation, the state argues that it has an
interest in regulating marriage based on "sexual complementariness." The state
argues that Utah laws that restrict gay citizens from marrying, adopting and
otherwise protecting their families do not classify individuals based on sexual
orientation but instead on the interaction of their anatomies.

The state's effort to gloss over the motivations and legislative history of
Utah's ban on same-sex marriage ignores the history of these laws and the
intentional impact they have on Utah's gay citizens.

The reality is that Utah's marriage laws target gay citizens for discrimination
by purposely excluding them from access to the benefits and protections of civil
marriage.

Moreover, "sexual complementariness" cannot be the key to marital rights.
Marriage is about far more than sex. Yet according to Utah's appeal, marriage is
apparently not all about love, nor even about commitment.

"Love alone," Utah argues, "cannot logically serve as a state interest." The
state further contends that "loving a person does not create a right to marry
that person."

By ignoring love and reducing marriage to "sexual complementariness," the state
demeans the relationship of every married couple and every family. The injury is
particularly grave to same-sex couples, whose long-term committed relationships
are characterized by the state as mere friendship unworthy of public
recognition.

The state denigrates as "adult-centered" the desire of same-sex couples to be
married. Yet the steep price of the state's discrimination against gay couples
is also paid by their children, who are denied the safety and security of having
married parents.

Marriage is fundamentally about the loving commitment of two people -- to share
their lives and the full spectrum of life experiences. As a civic institution,
marriage binds two complementary people together for the benefit of those
partners, their children and family, and the public. In contrast, Utah's laws
including Amendment 3 demean gay citizens from cradle to grave.

The state deserves credit for finally admitting what this case is ultimately
about: whether a majority can legislate away the rights of a minority group. "It
comes down to this," the state writes. "Thousands of couples are
unconstitutionally being denied the right to marry, or millions of voters are
being disenfranchised of their vote to define marriage."

The state's admission should prime the U.S. Supreme Court to hear this case.
Amendment 3 exists for no purpose other than to discriminate against gay Utahns.

The protection of individual rights under our Constitution is a core function of
the judiciary. The Constitution guarantees that all gay people -- and not merely
those living in certain states -- are entitled to the blessings of liberty and
the promise of equal treatment under the law for themselves and their families.

The wheels of justice may turn slowly, especially to those being deprived their
fundamental rights. Twice before, after lower courts ruled in favor of gay
couples in Utah, the Supreme Court has entered stays, thereby delaying the
exercise of marriage rights until the Supreme Court could rule.

So now the time has arrived for the Supreme Court to accept the case of Herbert
v. Kitchen and to affirm that all Americans, whether gay or straight, have the
fundamental right to marry and be treated equally under the law.

Paul C. Burke, Brett L. Tolman and John W. Mackay led a bipartisan team of
lawyers representing the Utah Pride Center to file an amicus brief with the U.S.
Supreme Court in the case that successfully challenged parts of the Defense of
Marriage Act.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              209 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   September 5, 1992, Saturday, City Edition

Sheriff's attorney criticizes Times

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; LETTERS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 399 words



Editor: I am highly offended that you have chosen to demean a conference
between a Pasco County Sheriff's Office staff attorney concerning a career
service hearing by your photo caption of this event. Your reference to me  being
the sheriff's attorney and girlfriend was specifically designed to  implant in
the citizens' minds your continuous story line on me.

Your bias toward Sheriff Gillum becomes all the more obvious as you  continue to
use me as an instrument to further your goals. You have resorted  to yellow
journalism again, which is no surprise considering your newspaper.  Such
"journalism" not only demeans me but is an attack on all members of the  legal
profession.

I can only pray the citizens are not duped by your mission to influence  them
and mold them into your bidding.

Christine E. Puto

Staff Attorney

Pasco County Sheriff's Office

Times practices

yellow journalism

Editor: Responding to the article concerning recent local election results
appearing in the Pasco Times on Sept. 3.

The language Barbara L. Fredricksen used was dominated with scurrilous and
vindictive remarks that surpassed the "mudslinging" of which she accused  some
of the candidates. If there were an award given for yellow journalism,  the
writer would definitely be eligible as a candidate. It is regrettable that
readers are exposed and subjected to journalism reduced to that level.

Kit Carson

Bayonet Point

Thanks to candidates

who sacrificed to run

Editor: To all candidates who ran unsuccessfully; be assured that many of  your
fellow citizens deeply appreciate your many sacrifices and those of your  fine
families. To say that you lost is ridiculous. You are all winners. We  thank you
from the bottom of our hearts. To those that were successful, we ask  you to
remember your obligations and serve us well. God bless you all.

Andrew C. Vogt

Port Richey

Hinson thanks

supporters

Editor: I would first like to thank the voters who supported me in the  campaign
for County Commission District 1.

I am still very proud to be a part of a system that allows the people to
decide. The people have spoken, and I do respect and support their decision.

I would also like to congratulate Sylvia Young, and I wish her and our  county
much prosperity and success during the next four years.

W. R. Hinson

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: PASCO TIMES

TYPE: LETTER

                            Times Publishing Company


                              210 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                             June 27, 2003, Friday

SUPREMES LIFT SODOMY BAN Gays cheer, conservatives seeth

BYLINE: By HELEN KENNEDY DAILY NEWS WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 757 words


WASHINGTON - In a big victory for homosexuals - and anyone who expects a little
privacy in the bedroom - the Supreme Court yesterday struck down all laws
against sodomy.

The unexpectedly sweeping decision threatens many laws that seek to govern
sexual practices for gays and straights alike. It also could pave the way to
legal gay marriage.

In deciding the case against two Texas men arrested in their bedroom during a
mistaken police raid, the court went far beyond the issue at hand and declared
that the law should stop at the bedroom door.

"Liberty protects the person from unwarranted government intrusions into a
dwelling or other private places," Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote for the 6-to-3
majority.

Homosexuals "are entitled to respect for their private lives," he wrote. "The
state cannot demean their existence or control their destiny by making their
private sexual conduct a crime."

The ruling struck down anti-sodomy laws in 13 Southern and Western states - nine
of which banned any form of nonprocreative sex even between husbands and wives.

"This effectively decrees the end of all morals legislation," wrote Justice
Antonin Scalia, who took the unusual step of reading his scathing dissent from
the bench.

Celebrations planned

Gay activists were dancing on the court steps and planning celebrations in about
40 cities.

The Lambda Legal Defense Fund, which helped argue the case, called it "the most
significant ruling ever" for gay rights.

Social conservatives were having conniption fits.

"This is a lamentable outcome," said the Rev. Rob Schenck, president of the
National Clergy Council, who led a prayer service on the court steps. "The court
has said today that morality, matters of right and wrong, do not matter in the
law."

Coming on the heels of Monday's decision preserving affirmative action, it was
the second big loss for conservatives - and certain to energize their push to
get a right-winger onto the court after the next retirement.

Scalia eloquently summed up fundamentalists' worst nightmare, saying laws
against adultery, fornication, prostitution, bigamy, incest, obscenity and the
ban on open gays in the military were at risk.

He called the decision "a massive disruption of the current social order."

Scalia specifically noted that the majority's stance against laws that target
homosexuals just because they are homosexual leaves many state laws against gay
marriage "on pretty shaky grounds."

The court, he said, "has largely signed on to the so-called homosexual agenda."

OK for straights

The plaintiffs - John Lawrence and Tyron Garner - were prosecuted under a Texas
sodomy law that banned oral and anal sex between same-sex couples but allowed it
for heterosexuals.

Kennedy said the law "demeans the lives" of gays, noting that the two convicted
Texas men were considered sex offenders and would have to register as such in
four states.

The court appeared to bow toward public opinion, which has caused the repeal of
most anti-sodomy laws in the past 20 years. Polls show 75% of straight couples
have engaged in oral sex, and three-quarters of Americans think gays should be
allowed to do what they want at home.

Until yesterday, nine states - Alabama, Florida, Idaho, Louisiana, Mississippi,
North Carolina, South Carolina, Utah and Virginia - banned any sodomy. Texas,
Kansas, Oklahoma and Missouri banned it between homosexuals.

Dissenting Justice Clarence Thomas said he considered anti-sodomy laws
"uncommonly silly" but felt it was up to state legislators to judge, not the
high court.

Graphic: Highlights from   yesterday's Supreme Court decision:

JUSTICE ANTHONY KENNEDY

writing for the majority:

"The petitioners are entitled to respect for their private lives. The state
cannot demean their existence or control their destiny by making their private
sexual conduct a crime."

JUSTICE SANDRA DAY O'CONNOR

concurring:

"Texas' sodomy law brands all homosexuals as criminals. . . . Because Texas so
rarely enforces its sodomy law, the law serves more as a statement of dislike
and disapproval against homosexuals than as

a tool to stop

criminal behavior."

JUSTICE ANTONIN SCALIA

dissenting:

"What Texas has chosen to do is well within the range of traditional democratic
action, and its hand should not be stayed. . . . Many Americans do not want
persons who openly engage in homosexual conduct as partners in their business,
as scoutmasters for their children, as teachers in their children's schools or
as boarders in their home."


LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AP HAPPY COUPLE John Lawrence and Tyron Garner were prosecuted under
Texas' sodomy law after they were busted in their bedroom during a mistaken
police raid in 1998.

                        Copyright 2003 Daily News, L.P.


                              211 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                             July 10, 2003 Thursday

Commentary: U.S. Supreme Court expands privacy rights

BYLINE: Deborah Fauver

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 1644 words


May a state criminalize private sexual acts between consenting adults? Not
unless the state can justify the intrusion into its citizens' private lives,
concluded a majority of the Supreme Court in Lawrence et al. v. Texas, striking
down the Texas same-sex sodomy statute.

Five justices found the statute violative of the liberty interests protected by
the Due Process Clause of the 14th Amendment; a sixth justice concurred in the
result, but based on the Equal Protection Clause. Three dissenters would have
left the issue to the state.

Background

Responding to a reported weapons disturbance, county police officers in Houston
entered a residence and found two men, John Geddes Lawrence and Tyron Garner,
engaged in the act of anal sex. The men were arrested and charged with violating
the Texas statute banning "deviate sexual intercourse," which is defined to
include both oral and anal sex between same-sex partners.

The ensuing convictions were affirmed by Texas appellate courts on the basis of
Bowers v. Hardwick, the 1986 Supreme Court decision upholding a similar Georgia
statute.

The Supreme Court granted certiorari to consider whether the Texas statute
violated the Equal Protection or Due Process clauses of the 14th Amendment, and
whether Bowers should be overruled.

Majority Opinion

Justice Anthony M. Kennedy authored the majority opinion, which was joined by
Justices Stevens, Souter, Ginsburg and Breyer.

The Bowers court misconstrued the issue before it by focusing on whether the
constitution conferred a "fundamental right" upon homosexuals to engage in
sodomy, Justice Kennedy concluded.

"To say that the issue in Bowers was simply the right to engage in certain
sexual conduct demeans the claim the individual put forward, just as it would
demean a married couple were it to be said marriage is simply about the right to
have sexual intercourse," Justice Kennedy wrote.

The real issue, then and now, "is whether the majority may use the power of the
State to enforce [the prevailing moral view] on the whole society through
operation of the criminal law," Justice Kennedy wrote.

After reciting a brief history of sodomy laws and public attitudes toward
homosexuality, the majority opinion focused on the "laws and traditions in the
past half century," noting "an emerging awareness that liberty gives substantial
protection to adult persons in deciding how to conduct their private lives in
matters pertaining to sex."

"This emerging recognition should have been apparent when Bowers was decided,"
Justice Kennedy wrote, then noting further liberalization of sodomy laws and
cultural attitudes in the 17 years since Bowers was decided.

Further, Justice Kennedy noted that the Supreme Court has eroded the principle
of Bowers in both Planned Parenthood v. Casey (1992), recognizing constitutional
protection for personal decisions relating to marriage, procreation,
contraception, family relationships, child rearing and education, and Romer v.
Evans (1996), striking class-based homosexual legislation as violative of the
Equal Protection Clause.

The majority rejected the invitation to decide the Lawrence case based on the
Equal Protection Clause, noting that doing so would leave some question as to
statutes prohibiting such conduct between different-sex partners, and also
noting that the validity of Bowers must be squarely addressed.

Stating that the "rationale of Bowers does not withstand careful analysis," the
majority explicitly overruled Bowers, adopting a portion of Justice Steven's
dissenting opinion in Bowers:

"Our prior cases make two propositions abundantly clear. First, the fact that
the governing majority in a state has traditionally viewed a particular practice
as immoral is not a sufficient reason for upholding a law prohibiting the
practice; neither history nor tradition could save a law prohibiting
miscegenation from constitutional attack.

"Second, individual decisions by married persons, concerning the intimacies of
their physical relationship, even when not intended to produce offspring, are a
form of 'liberty' protected by the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth
Amendment. Moreover, this protection extends to intimate choices by unmarried as
well as married persons."

Finally, the majority opinion noted that the Lawrence case does not involve
minors or other persons deserving of special protections, but mature, consenting
adults "entitled to respect for their private lives."

"The State cannot demean their existence or control their destiny by making
their private sexual conduct a crime," Justice Kennedy concluded. "Their right
to liberty under the Due Process Clause gives them the full right to engage in
their conduct without intervention of the government."

The Scalia Dissent

Justice Scalia, joined by Chief Justice Rehnquist and Justice Thomas, bemoaned
the majority's treatment of Bowers, and warned that overruling the result, but
not the reasoning, leaves the door open for attacks on all manner of moral
legislation -- such as state laws against bigamy, same-sex marriage, adult
incest, prostitution, masturbation, adultery, fornication, bestiality, and
obscenity.

"Today's approach to stare decisis invites us to overrule an erroneously decided
precedent (including an intensely divisive decision) if: (1) its foundations
have been eroded by subsequent decisions; (2) it has been subject to substantial
and continuing criticism; and (3) it has not induced individual or societal
reliance that counsels against overturning," Justice Scalia wrote. "The problem
is that Roe itself which today's majority surely has no disposition to overrule,
satisfies these conditions to at least the same degree as Bowers"[internal
quotations omitted].

"[It] should surprise no one, that the Court has chosen today to revise the
standards of stare decisis set forth in Casey," Justice Scalia wrote. "It has
thereby exposed Casey's extraordinary deference to precedent for the
result-oriented expedient that it is.

More fundamentally, Justice Scalia took issue with the majority's failure to
announce that the activity banned by the Texas statute violated a fundamental
right -- absent such a finding, the court has no business telling a state what
it may or may not regulate, he concluded.

"Our opinions applying the doctrine known as 'substantive due process' hold that
the Due Process Clause prohibits states from infringing fundamental liberty
interests, unless the infringement is narrowly tailored to serve a compelling
state interest," Justice Scalia wrote.

We have held repeatedly, in cases the court today does not overrule, that only
fundamental rights qualify for this so-called heightened scrutiny protection
that is, rights which are 'deeply rooted in this nation's history and
tradition,'" Justice Scalia wrote.

Sodomy, whether involving gay or straight couples, has a long history of
disfavor in America, Justice Scalia noted, questioning how its performance could
now rise to the level of a fundamental right.

The majority's acceptance of "an emerging awareness that liberty gives
substantial protection to adult persons in deciding how to conduct their private
lives in matters pertaining to sex," led Justice Scalia to note that states
continue to prosecute adult sex crimes, based on moral values.

Further, "an 'emerging awareness' is by definition not 'deeply rooted in this
nation's history and tradition[s],'" Justice Scalia wrote.

The rational basis for the Texas statute was readily apparent to Justice Scalia
-- it "undeniably seeks to further the belief of its citizens that certain forms
of sexual behavior are immoral and unacceptable."

The proposition that there is no rational basis for the Texas statute" is so out
of accord with our jurisprudence, indeed, with the jurisprudence of any society
we know, that it requires little discussion," Justice Scalia wrote.

The Equal Protection analysis set out by Justice O'Connor was also flawed,
according to Scalia, because the statute readily satisfies the rational basis
review, as do gender-specific laws relating to banning adultery, fornication,
adult incest, and homosexual marriage.

Finally, Justice Scalia concluded with an assault on the majority's judicial
neutrality. "Today's opinion is the product of a court, which is the product of
a law-profession culture, that has largely signed on to the so-called homosexual
agenda, by which I mean the agenda promoted by some homosexual activists
directed at eliminating the moral opprobrium that has traditionally attached to
homosexual conduct."

"What Texas has chosen to do is well within the range of traditional democratic
action, and its hand should not be stayed through the invention of a brand-new
'constitutional right' by a court that is impatient of democratic change,"
Justice Scalia wrote.

The O'Connor Concurrence

Justice O'Connor would not have overruled Bowers; instead, she would have
stricken the Texas statute based on the Equal Protection Clause of the 14th
Amendment.

"A law branding one class of persons as criminal solely based on the State's
moral disapproval of that class and the conduct associated with that class runs
contrary to the values of the constitution and the Equal Protection Clause,
under any standard of review," Justice O'Connor wrote.

"I therefore concur in the Court's judgment that Texas' sodomy law banning
'deviate sexual intercourse' between consenting adults of the same sex, but not
between consenting adults of different sexes, is unconstitutional," Justice
O'Connor wrote.

The Thomas Dissent

In two brief paragraphs, Justice Thomas noted that the Texas statute was
"uncommonly silly" and ought to be repealed by the Texas legislature, but that
the federal constitution provided no "general right of privacy" allowing the
court to strike the statute.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Opinion

                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              212 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Evening Sun (Hanover, Pennsylvania)

                            December 30, 2011 Friday

Ravens' fans deal with uncertainly during long layoff

BYLINE: By DANIEL PAULLING

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 753 words


Baltimore Ravens fans are learning that uncertainty is one of the hardest parts
of sports.

The eight-day wait for Sunday's season finale against Cincinnati has been a
painful time spent rehashing how the Ravens could disappoint fans by losing or
relieve them with a win.

Implications of that game are enormous.

If the Ravens win, they go home for a week of rest and their first home playoff
game since 2006. A loss, combined with a Steelers win, would force the Ravens to
play next week at Denver or Oakland.

"Big game," Ravens linebacker Ray Lewis said of the Bengals matchup. "It's no
secret."

In a playoff situation Baltimore (11-4) should be able to beat either Denver or
Oakland, but the Ravens' 3-4 road record has been worrisome. Two of those losses
came to the hapless Jacksonville Jaguars and Seattle Seahawks, while another was
an embarrassing 34-14 loss to the San Diego Chargers.

The Ravens are considered a 2 1/2-point favorite after beating the Bengals 31-24
at home earlier this season.

To add more drama to the game, it should be noted Cincinnati earns the sixth
seed in the AFC playoffs with a win.

Injuries could also factor into the game. Two big pieces of the Ravens' offense,
wide receiver Anquan Boldin (knee surgery) and guard Marshal Yanda (ribs), were
listed as doubtful, while starting cornerback Cary Williams (concussion) and
defensive end Cory Redding (ankle) were questionable.

This postseason-defining game comes at a time when the Ravens aren't playing
well. Yes, they went 2-1 over their last three games, but they should've blown
out Indianapolis and Cleveland and not produced such a weak effort against San
Diego.

Last week's 21-14 win over the Browns was disappointing for Ravens quarterback
Joe Flacco.

"I see where you're coming from just because of the way the game looked
(Saturday)," he said. "But I don't think we didn't play well. I was definitely
disappointed out there just because it's not big things that we didn't do. It
was just little things that we didn't do very well in the second half, and it
could've gotten us beat."

Added wide receiver Lee Evans: "I don't know if it is a concern, but, obviously,
you do want to play better."

Just one more day until you know where your team plays next, Ravens fans.

Luck of the Tebow?: Denver Broncos quarterback Tim Tebow has been a polarizing
figure, but there has been a rush to label him a winner.

He has won plenty of close games in his 7-3 stretch as a starter and has given
the Broncos an opportunity to make the playoffs.

But is he a winner or just lucky?

With some basic math, it appears the latter.

Using each team's point differential - calculated by subtracting the number of
points allowed from points scored - one can gauge where the Broncos are relative
to where they "should" be.

The theory goes that teams that score more points than they let up should win,
teams that allow more points than they score should lose, and .500 teams should
give up about the same number of points they allow.

To more precisely determine the relationship between point differentials and
winning percentage, I graphed each team's point differential and winning
percentage and created a best-fit trend line - or the "average" of all the
statistics.

The slope of the trend line - .0018 - told us that, through Week 16, you should
be able to add .0018 point to your winning percentage for every point your team
scores or doesn't allow an opponent to score.

That may not seem like much, but let's check out the Broncos.

Entering the final week of the season, they have given up 77 more points than
they have scored, but have an 8-7 record (.533 winning percentage). Plugging
their -77 point differential into my handy equation reveals the Broncos should
have a .361 winning percentage, good for 5.78 wins. They've gained 2.22 wins.

Because point differential and winning percentage are so closely correlated -
the first explained 91.3 percent of the variance (or difference) in the second -
the Broncos' success should be attributed to random luck.

Some people may think Tebow's being a "winner" is the cause of those 2.22 wins.
This demeans the hard work every player must put in to play in the NFL and their
efforts to win games.

Another argument for Tebow has been he has inspired his teammates to perform
better, a backhanded compliment because it demeans their efforts in games he
hasn't played. And if they have such an ability to turn on and turn off, why
would any team want them? Why not have players who will perform full-bore 100
percent of the time?

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Daniel Paulling

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              213 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     October 17, 1993, Sunday, City Edition

Free speech vs. lost sleep

BYLINE: PHILIP GAILEY

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; COLUMNS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 816 words



Pictures of aborted fetuses are not a pretty sight, especially when they are
thrust in your face by militant anti-abortion activists. But unlike Cynthia
L.H. Crawley of Baltimore, I am not ready to sacrifice the First Amendment to
protect society from this unpleasantness.

In a recent commentary published in the Baltimore Evening Sun and other
newspapers, Crawley has denounced photographs of aborted fetuses as  pornography
and invited like-minded people to join her in a crusade to ban  them from public
view. Crawley is writing legislators and opinion-makers to  enlist them in her
cause. No doubt some will sign up. Her near hysteria on  this subject has her
wildly swinging the censorship ax against free speech.

By her own account, it all started when she rushed to the bedside of her
sobbing 4-year-old daughter. "Why do they do that to those animals, Mommy?"  her
daughter asked. At first Crawley couldn't figure out what animals her  child was
talking about. Then it hit her.

"Oh dear God, I realized," Crawley wrote. "The abortion protesters on  Charles
Street. . . . She is talking about their protest signs, the ones with  the
photographs of abortions that they hold up when people drive by. How do I
answer her?"

Crawley was filled with anger, which is understandable. "Those people are
hurting my baby in their efforts to protect unborn babies," she wrote.
Anti-abortion activists will not miss her reference to "unborn babies."

The issue here is not abortion rights. It is free speech, which is  protected
even when it is offensive, even when it disturbs our sleep. Crawley  would yank
First Amendment protection from the photographs that upset her  little girl and
write it off as a great victory over pornography.

"Those photographs of fetal skull fragments and tiny dismembered limbs are
every bit as obscene as any pornographic pictures," she wrote. "Pornography  by
definition includes images, often violent, that demean individuals and  present
them as objects, as mere body parts on display. These pictures of  abortions
trivialize and demean the potential lives the protesters are  supposedly trying
to protect and defend."

Do you follow her reasoning so far? Anti-abortion protesters are demeaning
"potential lives" by confronting people with shocking pictures of "body  parts,"

 and they must be stopped at any cost.

Crawley contends that since 1942 the U.S. Supreme Court has consistently  ruled
that obscenity is not protected by the First Amendment. She wants the  courts to
include the offending abortion photographs in their definition of  obscenity.

Crawley cites a 1978 decision, FCC v. Pacifica Foundation, in which the  Supreme
Court upheld restrictions on obscene language on television during  hours when
children might be watching. And more recently, she wrote, Congress  has held
hearings to prod television network executives to cooperate in  restricting
violence in programing.

Then she makes this incredible leap: "What is the difference between  violent
images on television and violent images on Charles Street?"

It's so simple to Crawley. If government can protect citizens from  "nuisance
noise," why can't it protect her little girl from "disturbing  images on city
streets?" In case Crawley hasn't noticed, there are more  disturbing images on
city streets these days than abortion signs - gang  warfare, murder, mayhem, to
name a few. Children are being killed by stray  bullets, and that should disturb
our conscience as well as our sleep.

"I wonder how many people really believe that those who display  photographs of
abortions on city streets are exercising freedom of speech?"  she wrote.

Well, I do, for one. I don't want to sacrifice the First Amendment even for  the
cause of abortion rights, because I don't think it is necessary. I don't  want
government deciding the content of peaceful protests. What about the  gruesome
images of the slaughter in Bosnia and the starvation in Somalia?  Should they be
banned from demonstrations against U.S. policy in those  countries?

And what about one of the most powerful photographs of the Vietnam war -  the
young naked Vietnamese girl, her body burning from napalm, running down a  road
in unspeakable pain? That picture disturbed people of all ages and
sensibilities.

"I looked down at my precious child, sleeping quietly in her bed,  untroubled
now, and made a promise to her," Crawley wrote. "I would fight  this battle,
whatever effort was necessary. I would find a way to take these  obscenities off
the streets where innocent little children can see them."

If Crawley had her way, she and her little girl might enjoy undisturbed  sleep.
But for Americans who believe in the First Amendment, it would be our  worst
nightmare come true.

Philip Gailey is editor of editorials of the Times.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              214 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                          December 18, 1997, Thursday,

LET COMMUNITY CALM BE TRIBUTE TO VICTIMS;
 ANYTHING LESS WOULD DEMEAN THE YOUNG MEN'S MEMORIES.

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. 22A

LENGTH: 367 words


Three young men, two of them fathers, are dead, killed in a shooting incident in
June. The community mourns, with the victims' families and loved ones, their
loss. No one knows what Nickolas Patenaude, Kevin Pinette and Dana Matthews,
under different circumstances, might have contributed to their community. It is
not for anyone to judge the lives they led, only to grieve that their young
lives ended so soon.

The person who killed them has been judged by a jury of his peers to be ''not
guilty,'' that he acted in his own defense out of fear the men would harm him.
Sabato Raia's plea met the standard for self-defense set by the judge in the
case, and he was judged accordingly.

This is a hard decision for the victims' friends and survivors to take, but they
can be comforted in knowing the community understands their grief. The greatest
tribute to the young men now would be for their supporters to maintain the calm
they have so admirably shown following the verdict. Acts of retribution,
committed out of pain and frustration, would solve nothing, but instead would
demean the memories of the dead.

This is a community tragedy all around. It began with the three victims and
their families, but it includes as well the family of the man who shot them.
Raia himself, once a promising businessman, has seen that promise vanish,
perhaps forever. If any small lesson is to be gained from the tragedy, it is
that alcohol, once again, drove a dispute that ended in a night of fear and
sorrow.

We live in a nation of laws, with a system of justice that guarantees the
accused a fair trial. One may disagree with a jury verdict, but the verdict,
once reached, must stand.

It will be hard, but all involved must now put this behind them, and go on with
the rest of their lives.

The law protects us all, even when individual court cases don't conform with
everybody's idea of what a just resolution would be. Only a jury can decide
that, and no one really can say what a decision should be without serving on the
jury in question.

Continued calm is called for, lest the rule of law itself become a victim in
this case, and the tragedy of three young lost lives be compounded.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  solved

                Copyright 1997 Guy Gannett Communications, Inc.


                              215 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                             June 29, 2003, Sunday

A GAY PRIDE DAY TO REMEMBER

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 728 words

When gays rose up against police during the Stonewall Riots in 1969, they were
living in a country that considered them criminals. But when their descendants
in the struggle for equal rights march down Fifth Ave. in today's Gay Pride
Parade, they will do so in a nation whose Supreme Court has forcefully ruled
that they are "entitled to respect for their private lives."

In the matter of Lawrence vs. Texas, the justices ruled 6 to 3 Thursday that the
sodomy law in Texas, which criminalized consensual sexual activity between
homosexuals, was unconstitutional. But the court didn't leave it at that. In a
breathtaking majority opinion by Justice Anthony Kennedy, the court overturned
its 1986 decision in Bowers vs. Hardwick, which had upheld a similar statute in
Georgia, saying that ruling "demeans the lives of homosexual persons."

The ruling was stunning for another reason: For the first time in history, the
rights of gays to live their lives with dignity, free from state persecution and
prosecution, was vigorously defended by the nation's highest court - a
conservative one, at that.

Noting that intimate contact is but one expression of a deeper bond between two
people, Kennedy wrote, "The state cannot demean their existence or control their
destiny by making their private sexual conduct a crime." He added, "Their right
to liberty under the Due Process Clause gives them the full right to engage in
their conduct without intervention of the government."

Not everyone is thrilled. Most notably Justice Antonin Scalia. The man who
aspires to be the next chief justice penned a dissenting opinion laden with
intolerance. Scalia blasted the majority for eroding moral codes across the
country, for imposing its views on the nation, for having "taken sides in the
culture war" and for "largely sign[ing] on to the so-called homosexual agenda."

The retrograde language in Scalia's opinion reflects a time when gays and
lesbians were considered abnormal, a queer oddity, if you will. But society - in
the state, the country and the world - has changed and continues to change for
the better.

This paper has changed too. Stonewall - the advent of the gay rights movement -
was heralded by a then very different Daily News with the July 6, 1969, headline
"Homo nest raided, queen bees stinging mad." The story dripped with the
condescension toward homosexuals that was customary for the time - because it
reflected the sentiments of much of the city. And America.

Thirty-four years later, the sentiments have matured. And now, with last week's
historic decision, gays and lesbians have won something they always deserved but
never expected to get from the Supreme Court: respect.

Save the booths

Q.  Why were public authorities created, anyway? A. So politi   cians could
cover themselves when it comes to unpopular moves. Such as, just for example,
hiking fares.

Let us consider - just for example - the Metropolitan Transportation Authority,
which is controlled by Gov. Pataki's appointees, who raised subway fares and
bridge and tunnel tolls while the governor hid behind his desk. Upon that very
desk, though, will soon land a bill that will force him into making a decision
on the fate of the 62 subway station booths scheduled to close this year - over
the protests of the city's train riders, who happen to believe they're a lot
safer when booth clerks are present.

It's true that subway crime has measurably decreased. All the same, the
Legislature heard a genuine public outcry during the MTA's fare-increase
hearings. So, too, should Pataki, when he examines the proposal to postpone the
MTA-mandated closings for three years until a panel of experts issues a new
report on how best to fight crime and terrorism underground.

The governor's appointees declare that it's more important to save $2.3 million
a year than to keep the 62 targeted booths open. They're wrong. Each booth in
the city has an emergency button that a clerk can instantly press to alert
police to muggings, sick passengers and lost children. Last year, clerks pressed
those buttons 60,186 times.

The governor has a choice. He can sign the legislation and keep the booths open
by law. Or he can directly order his MTA minions not to close them in the first
place. Either way, on this issue, Pataki cannot hide behind a public authority.
Or his desk.


LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                        Copyright 2003 Daily News, L.P.


                              216 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 August 26, 2004 Thursday MORNING FINAL EDITION

THIS MATCHING MOMENT;
SOUTH BAY SWIMMERS WIN BRONZE MEDAL
SOUTH BAY COLUMNIST FORCED TO COVER IT

BYLINE: MARK PURDY column

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 881 words

DATELINE: ATHENS, Greece


I followed your orders. Obeyed your instructions. It was agonizing, but I faced
down my worst Olympic fear:

Synchronized swimming.

Other people recoil at eating worms, or jumping out of airplanes, or listening
to Pat O'Brien do late-night Olympic updates. Me? It's being forced to watch
women who wear thick hair goop as they jump into a pool, turn upside down and
wiggle their legs like a washing machine agitator. Every time I watch, I feel a
strange desire to go out and buy bleach.

I have expressed this opinion many times. And I was hoping to avoid synchronized
swimming at the 2004 Games. But then I had to deal with . . . you.

Earlier this week, in an online survey, I gave readers a chance to play editor.
Voters at MercuryNews.com were asked to select which Olympic event I should
cover Wednesday night.

Which sport won? Let's put it this way: The United States' synchronized swimming
team is based in Santa Clara, and unbeknownst to me the group organized a
ballot-stuffing campaign on its Web site. I'm not sure, but I think Katherine
Harris is the group's secretary.

When I showed up at the pool, I bumped into Chris Carver, the U.S. coach.

"You had to do it, huh?" Carver asked, with a wink. "They made you do it."

The synchronized swimming nation really knows how to go for the chlorinated
jugular.

Carver, who lives in Saratoga, is one of the all-time good eggs in my book. For
the past 20 years, ever since synchronized swimming was introduced at the Los
Angeles Games, I have made major fun of her sport. "Break-dancing in a fish
tank" is one of my kinder phrases.

And yet, Carver never tells me to get lost. She seems to understand that any
publicity for "synchro" is good publicity.

Plus, I never try to demean her swimmers, who are terrific athletes. I demean
the goofy stuff their sport makes them do. Like, say, holding their breath for
40 seconds and then popping up with a silly smile plastered across their faces.
All of this, while wearing thick makeup and sequins. Do they make Marion Jones
wear sequins and a crazy grin while she's long jumping?

For you, I attempted to ignore my prejudices for one night at the Olympic
Aquatic Center. You picked a good night. The American duet team of Alison
Bartosik and Anna Kozlova won a bronze medal.

In synchro, this was considered a huge upset. Bartosik and Kozlova finished
fourth at the world championships last year, and synchro is one of those sports
where once you are locked into a position by judges, it is hard to escape.
Wednesday, a Russian team was a lock for gold and a Japanese team for silver.
But after finishing fourth behind Spain forever, the American duo pulled off the
shocker.

"It was a big surprise," said Kozlova, who lives in San Jose. "It's
overwhelming."

Not only that, but there was grimy gamesmanship attached. The Spanish team of
Gemma Mengual and Paola Tirados swam before the Americans. When the Spanish
coach saw the judges' scores, she was outraged, so she walked into the small
"ready room" where teams wait before entering the pool deck.

The Spanish coach sat down across from Bartosik and Kozlova and simmered as she
pretended to watch a French team's routine on television. "That was unusual,"
Carver said. "Coaches usually don't go back in there after their teams perform."

They don't trash-talk in synchronized swimming. They do the ready-room glare.

"I think it was an intimidation thing," said Bartosik, who is from Santa Clara.
"But it didn't work."

Minutes later, she and Kozlova hit the water and did their agitator thing with a
vengeance. Bartosik began by lifting Kozlova out of the water, and then they did
a bunch of stuff I can't describe. The judges loved it.

Carver did not need to see the scores. When her swimmers climbed out of the
water, she hugged them and paraphrased a line from Herb Brooks, the coach of the
1980 U.S. hockey team.

"They say you are fourth in the world," Carver told them. "But not tonight. Not
tonight."

The Spanish team was still sucking sour grapes. Mengual told reporters from her
country: "We are very angry. The score is a matter of politics."

Bartosik's response: "We've been fourth for three years, and we've stood by the
judges. Unfortunately, in our sport, you have to stand behind thejudges."

As opposed to tossing them in the deep end, I guess.

When I told Bartosik and Kozlova that their sport had won our online poll, they
were thrilled. I'm not sure they were totally thrilled about me being there.

Kozlova did allow, however, that I was better than some foreign reporters. She
swam for Russia in the Barcelona Games in 1992 but later became a U.S. citizen.

"Tonight, after I swam," Kozlova said, "the Russian reporters kept asking me
over and over, 'But you really do miss Russia, don't you? Don't you?' I was
saying, 'Um, not really.' But they kept asking and asking."

Yes, in Moscow they always talk about the vicious synchronized swimming media.
By comparison, I am very fair and balanced.

But next time, could you do me a favor? Could you please vote triathlon?
THE VOTE
More than 1,000 votes were cast to decide what sport Mark Purdy should cover.
The results:
Synchronized swimming 51%
Women's hammer throw 28%
Dressage 7%
Baseball 7%
Women's triathlon 6%

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: THE ATHENS OLYMPICS

GRAPHIC: Photos (4);
PHOTO: NHAT V. MEYER -- MERCURY NEWS
For Alison Bartosik and Anna Kozlova, the bronze medal represented a
breakthrough. They were fourth at the world championships last year.
PHOTO: NHAT V. MEYER -- MERCURY NEWS
Anastasia Davydova and Anastasia Ermakova of Russia took home the gold medal in
the duet event. A team from Japan was second, Spain fourth.
PHOTO: NHAT V. MEYER -- MERCURY NEWS
Alison Bartosik and Anna Kozlova of the United States during their duet
synchronized swimming routine, for which they won a bronze medal.
PHOTO: NHAT V. MEYER -- MERCURY NEWS
Whether heads were above water or below, everything was in unison in the pool in
Athens.

                     Copyright 2004 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              217 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            February 4, 2014 Tuesday

State makes it all about kids in brief against same-sex marriage

BYLINE: By Brooke Adams The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 1407 words


The state of Utah offered a bold defense of its ban on same-sex marriage in a
brief filed late Monday evening with the 10th Circuit Court of Appeals, arguing
its prohibition of such unions is all about the long-term interests of children.

Utah has chosen a definition of marriage that is "principally a child-centered
institution, one focused first and foremost on the welfare of children rather
than the emotional interests of adults," the state said. "And by reinforcing
that understanding, the state gently encourages parents to routinely sacrifice
their own interests to the legitimate needs and interests of their children."

That definition is not designed to demean other family structures "any more than
giving an 'A' to some students demeans others," the state said.

But redefining marriage in "genderless" terms, as sought by plaintiffs
challenging Utah's laws, would undermine the state's objective in promoting
stable families and likely result in not only reduced reproductive rates but
fewer children being raised in the ideal environment provided by biological,
opposite-sex parents, the state said.

The state filed the 120-page brief at approximately 11:30 p.m. Monday, beating
its deadline by 30 minutes.

Seven attorneys, led by newly hired outside counsel Gene C. Schaerr, crafted the
brief.

Utah Attorney General Sean Reyes issued a statement Tuesday that said the
state's defense of the ban is driven by duty, rather than any political motives.
He said attorneys and staff working on the case have varied personal beliefs
about same-sex marriage, but are united in respecting an obligation to defend
the law.

"The legal question at issue is not the fundamental right of same-sex couples to
enter into exclusive and permanent relationships, raise children, or bequeath
property at their death," Reyes said, since Utah law already provides those
rights. "The constitutional question is whether it is reasonable for Utah's
citizens to believe that a child benefits most from being raised by his or her
biological mother and father in a permanent relationship, and that such
relationships should therefore be encouraged through recognition as marriages."

The Sutherland Institute, a conservative policy think tank that has been an
ardent defender of the state's position, called the brief "brilliant" and the
state's case "impenetrable."

"The people of Utah can have confidence that their overwhelming majority view of
marriage and family has been well represented," said Paul Mero, Sutherland
president, adding that the brief "sets the new legal standard in defense of the
state interest in traditional marriage and the natural family."

Attorneys for the three same-sex couples who are challenging Utah's ban have
until Feb. 25 to file a response, and the state's final filing must be submitted
by March 4.

Oral arguments are scheduled for April 10 in Denver. The three-judge panel that
will hear the case -- as well as an appeal from the state of Oklahoma involving
a similar ban -- will be picked 10 days before the hearing.

Cliff Rosky, board chairman for Equality Utah, called the state's arguments a
"disappointing" rehash of stereotypes and disproved studies about gay people and
same-sex parents.

"The arguments in the state's brief are the same arguments that the Supreme
Court rejected last summer," Rosky said. In striking down the federal Defense of
Marriage Act, the court found that the statute "actually harmed children,
instead of protecting them."

"Amendment 3 has the same affect," Rosky said.

In its brief, the state argued that U.S. District Court Judge Robert J. Shelby's
Dec. 20 decision overturning Amendment 3 misinterpreted legal precedents in two
prevailing cases -- one that upheld the right of states to define marriage and,
in the United States v. Windsor case, that the federal government cannot
interfere with that state decision-making authority.

Together, those opinions allow for a "diversity of outcomes" rather than a
"uniform national answer" on marriage rights, the state said.

The state also said Shelby erred in finding same-sex couples sought access to a
fundamental right; that that right is implicit in notions of liberty and
autonomy; that history and tradition were "insufficient reasons" for a ban on
gay marriage; and in comparing Utah's marriage laws to anti-miscegenation laws.

"Anti-miscegenation laws were odious measures that rested on invidious racial
discrimination," the state said. "Defining marriage as the union of one man and
one woman may be controversial in today's political climate, but it is hardly
invidious."

Limiting marriage to one man and one woman, as Utah and 32 other states do,
fulfills a compelling governmental interest rooted in tradition, social science
and religion, the state said.

The attorneys said that while the state endorses no religious beliefs about
marriage, its laws are supported by approximately 20 of the 25 largest faith
communities in Utah who "understand marriage and sexuality as gifts from God"
and primarily designed to bear and raise children.

"These beliefs are tied not only to theology but also to religious and family
practices, deeply and sincerely held personal beliefs, and entire ways of life,"
the state said. "They are not less integral to the dignity and identities of
millions of Utah citizens than plaintiffs' sexual orientation is to them."

Upending that understanding of marriage would create the potential for
"religion-related strife," it said, impacting rights of religious organizations
or members to carry out faith-based or business activities.

Governments face a "perennial challenge" to formally link mothers and fathers to
maximize the welfare of children, it said.

"Marriage between the man and woman who create a child provides that essential
link," the state said, and encourages those parents to set aside their own
personal desires for the benefit of their children.

"The district court's ruling rests on a very different understanding of the
principal public purpose and meaning of marriage -- one centered on
accommodating adult relationship choices," the state said.

But Utah has "steadfastly" reserved social recognition of marriage for man-woman
marriage "so as to guide as many procreative couples as possible into the
optimal, conjugal childrearing model."

"While other jurisdictions may choose to elevate adult-centric relationships,
Utah has chosen a different course," the state said.

Utah's marriage laws signal "all would-be parents that the state wants them to
do their best to ensure that any children they conceive are raised by their
biological mother and father within a stable marital union."

And that model is working, the state said, as reflected by Utah having the
lowest percentage of unwed births in the nation, the highest percentage of
children being raised by both parents and low child-poverty rates.

"Such real-world benefits to children are exactly what Utah's marriage policies
are intended to produce, and what the district court's decision both ignores and
imperils," the state said.

Redefining marriage to include same-sex couples would "tend to encourage more
parents to raise their existing biological children without the other biological
parent." The state lists six other possible negative outcomes of such a move,
including more out-of-wedlock births; increased divorce rates; increased
nonmarital sexual activity; more children being raised by same-sex parents;
making it difficult to bar other "innovations" such as group marriage; and
decreased interest in marriage.

Utah also has a high birthrate, slightly above the replacement rate. In
comparison, fertility and birthrates are "markedly lower" in nations and states
that have embraced same-sex marriage, it said.

Utah "has good reason to fear that a judge-imposed redefinition -- and the
changes to the public meaning of marriage such a redefinition would entail --
would over time weaken its marriage tradition enough to reduce its fertility
rate, perhaps even below the replacement rate," the state said.

The laws governing marriage do not interfere with the ability of same-sex
couples to enter committed, loving relationships or to raise children together,
the state argues.

Instead, they "encourage a familial structure that has served society for
thousands of years as the ideal setting for raising children. Nothing in the
federal Constitution prevents Utah's citizens from making that choice."

brooke@sltrib.com

Twitter: Brooke4Trib --

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              218 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                         September 16, 1998, Wednesday,

STUDENTS LEARN FROM SCANDAL;
 Teachers turn the president's problem into a lesson on history, psychology and
ethics.

BYLINE: JOSHUA L. WEINSTEIN Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 741 words


In school Tuesday, Joanna Hibbard heard a lot about President Clinton and Monica
Lewinsky. The 17-year-old talked about the affair during history. She analyzed
it during psychology. She discussed it during English.

When Portland High School let out, it was clear that Hibbard had given the
matter all kinds of thought. But still, she was torn.

"It comes down to ethics, and ethics of the country," she said. "You have to ask
if low morality makes a bad leader."

The scandal in Washington has burst not only into living rooms across the
country, but into classrooms across Maine. Students are talking about it, and
teachers are incorporating it into lesson plans.

"It's a really hot topic in all my classes," Hibbard said.

In Room G-35, where she takes psychology, the teacher had written questions on
the blackboard.

"From a psychological point of view," John T. Johnson's yellow-chalk letters
asked, "what are some specific connections you can make?"

Johnson, who has been teaching for 21 years, said he felt compelled to address
the issue in class.

"It's real, it's happening, it's complex," he said. "That means all the more
reason we have to be responsible in helping the kids process it. I have an
obligation."

So during psychology, Johnson set aside the historical implications.

"What are the psychological connections?" he asked. "Addictions? Honesty? Social
pressures? Mores of society? Disturbed personality patterns?"

He and his students examined them all.

Johnson teaches history, as well, and his students in that class also discussed
the situation, which Johnson explained can easily become trivialized.

"Because it concerns sexual matters, it's so easy to look at this only as
gossip," he said after school. "But the machinery of the Constitution is
beginning to work in a way that it hasn't since Watergate."

In fact, Johnson sees opportunity in studying the scandal.

"Like any crisis, it gives us the opportunity to learn," he said. "This gives us
a chance to talk about how families can survive difficult situations, about
responsibility for behavior, that good people occasionally do bad things. It
gives us a chance to talk about forgiveness in a religious sense and in a
political sense. It's a wonderful opportunity."

He said his students approached the topic maturely, and a conversation that
could have degenerated into a discussion merely about sex remained focused.

"The majority of students are very willing to talk about it," he said. "They are
knowledgeable, opinionated and confused.  . . . The kids have not been more
graphic than Ken Starr -- not that anyone could be more graphic than Ken Starr."

One of his students, Andrew Minervino, said classroom discussions are helping
him figure out what he thinks about the matter.

"I'm not sure at my core how I feel about it," the 19-year-old senior said. He
does know, however, that the president's behavior disturbs him.

"It bothers me because of that role he has as a leader," he said, adding that
the scandal is causing him to question "a basic faith in the goodness of the
establishment" of the presidency.

At Freeport High School, Donna Wilhelm's students have asked about the scandal,
but seem embarrassed by it.

"They haven't really been interested in all the lurid details," said Wilhelm,
who has not altered her lesson plans, but has not shied away from answering
questions. "They're very disappointed that the president lied to the American
people, and that concerns them, but I think there's this sort of overriding
feeling of embarrassment about the whole situation."

Students seemed to appreciate and learn from the discussions.

And like many Americans, they wished many of the details of the affair had
remained private.

"It demeans the president, it demeans Kenneth Starr, it demeans anyone who wants
to publish it," said Hibbard, the Portland student. "It's superfluous,
disgusting information. Whether or not it was proof, certain details should be
excluded."

Students "are big on values," she said, "but they're also big on privacy."

Other students agreed.

Shannon Allen, who also is a senior at Portland High School, wondered how the
scandal and the lurid discussion that has surrounded it is affecting younger
children.

"If I were a parent, what would I tell my kid?" the 17-year-old asked.

FOR MORE on the Independent Counsel report, see Press Herald Online:
www.portland.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: color and b[w]

Staff photo by John Ewing;

 Portland High School senior Joanna Hibbard, 17, discussed the Lewinski affair
in many of her classes, but she wishes Ken Starr had kept the lurid details
private.;

 Staff photo by John Ewing Portland High School teacher John Johnson used the
president's troubles as discussion topics in both his psychology and world
history classes. "Like any crisis, it gives us the opportunity to learn," he
said, "... about responsibility for behavior, that good people occasionally do
bad things."

                Copyright 1998 Guy Gannett Communications, Inc.


                              219 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      NOVEMBER 4, 2000 Saturday D EDITION

ANCHORWOMAN TELLS THE NEWS WITH LOTS OF SATIRE, NO ATTIRE

BYLINE: Dave Montgomery, KNIGHT RIDDER NEWS SERVICE

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A06

LENGTH: 757 words

DATELINE: MOSCOW


The hottest newscaster on Russian television these days is Svetlana Pesotskaya,
who is always straight-faced but never straitlaced. She can talk about the
latest events in Kazakstan or the Kremlin with the utmost in professional aplomb
- even while stripping down to her bra and panties.

Pesotskaya is the anchorwoman of a satirical news show called The Naked Truth,
which has surged in popularity and is eminently fashionable in male-dominated
political circles. Russia's budding feminist movement complains that The Naked
Truth demeans women, but Pesotskaya and the show's producers are undeterred,
titillating late-night audiences with quirky humor and plenty of flesh.

Pesotskaya, 25, a Ukrainian who graduated from a Moscow artistic institute, said
she tried out for the job after responding to an ad. The producers originally
had auditioned professional strippers, but the applicants were unable to read
the script, she said. Conversely, mainstream newscasters refused to shed their
clothes. Pesotskaya emerged as an immodest compromise.

During a recent taping, the willowy blonde was clad in a thin, pink nightgown
and was sprawled on a bed with pink sheets as she matter-of-factly read the news
from an off-camera prompter. A shifting backdrop created the illusion that
Pesotskaya, bed and all, was anchoring the show from various locales, including
a dingy playground and Red Square.

An earlier episode featured Pesotskaya being stripped by a tuxedo-clad dance
partner while crisply performing the tango - and, as always, staring solemnly
ahead while delivering the news. Equally alluring colleagues have traveled to
Russia's parliament to conduct topless interviews with stodgy legislators.

Since debuting last year on Channel M1, one of Moscow's 12 television stations,
The Naked Truth has soared in the ratings. The show is the creation of M1
general director Sergei Moskvin, who conceived the format as a way to spoof
arrogant television celebrities. "I want to emphasize it's not an erotic show,"
Moskvin said during an interview in his office. "It's satire, and it's done on a
professional basis."

The show, only 13 minutes long, airs at 11:25 p.m. Saturday and repeats in the
same time slot Monday.

During the last 12 months, Moskvin's second-tier station has become Russia's
fastest-growing television outlet, even though it reaches only two-thirds of
Moscow's viewing audience. Pesotskaya, who was trained as an actress and worked
as an anchorwoman for a small television station, said she frequently received
fan mail - none of it lurid - and was undaunted by her bare-all appearances
before thousands of strangers.

"I feel comfortable," she said during a break in taping. "There are no
vulgarities. It's a humor show. It's an unusual approach to presenting the
news."

Few would argue. During the opening minutes, the show seems like a standard
newscast, featuring a blaring intro and a fully and fashionably dressed
Pesotskaya in a typical news studio.

Before long, though, viewers realize that this is not Diane Sawyer. During the
premiere, as Pesotskaya worked through her businesslike recitation of the news,
she began shedding her rings, then her wristwatch, then her suit, and so on,
until she was topless, with her arms strategically crossed.

Not every episode features a striptease, but no show is without its share of
provocative material. The cumulative effect is colorless information served with
an R-rating.

All the material is accurate and culled from the day's events, ranging from
President Vladimir V. Putin's travels to the Kremlin's latest fiscal policy. But
controversial and disturbing subjects, such as the war in Chechnya and the
sinking of the Russian submarine Kursk, are excluded to avoid injecting a
jarring element into the satirical format.

The show has antagonized women's-rights advocates, who have struggled for
greater opportunities in Russia's chauvinistic society.

"It hurts women," said Elizabeth Bozhkova, chairwoman of the Information Center
for Independent Women, an umbrella organization for 39 women's groups. "It's no
wonder that young, pretty girls go to the streets to earn money."

Moskvin's next project may provoke similar denunciations, from animal-rights
activists. The program, to air in November, depicts a loutish talk-show host who
abuses his staff and makes crude passes at women. The lead role is played by a
3-year-old trained chimpanzee that chain-smokes and swills vodka and cognac.

Dave Montgomery's e-mail address is dmontgomery

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
PHOTO
Anchorwoman Svetlana Pesotskaya, 25, reads the news on "The Naked Truth," aided
by two unidentified bikini-clad colleagues. Russia's budding feminist movement
complains that the program demeans women. (IVAN SEKRETAREV, Associated Press)
rwashington.com

                  Copyright 2000 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              220 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                April 23, 2004 Friday Illinois Five Star Edition
                              Correction Appended

MISSOURI HOUSE PASSES GAY MARRIAGE BAN

BYLINE: Ben Hallman/ Post-Dispatch Jefferson City Bureau

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 325 words

DATELINE: JEFFERSON CITY


A gay marriage ban easily passed the House on Thursday with only a handful of
urban lawmakers voting against the measure.

The bill was approved on a 124-19 vote. It now goes to the Senate, which
approved a similar measure in February. If the bill gets final legislative
approval, Missouri voters will decide in November if the Missouri Constitution
should be amended to define marriage as "a union between a man and a woman."

Gay marriage has been a hot topic for debate since November, when the
Massachusetts Supreme Court ruled that a state law banning same-sex marriage was
unconstitutional. The ruling spurred the mayors of San Francisco and New Paltz,
N.Y., to issue marriage licenses to hundreds of homosexual couples.

Legislators in Massachusetts and across the nation have responded by trying to
amend their state constitutions to ban gay marriage.

Rep. Jim Lembke, R-Mehlville, is one of the Missouri bill's 40 co-sponsors. He
said the bill would protect the sanctity of marriage. He said the legislation
came from a fear that "activist judges" could overturn a state law that provides
the state recognize a marriage only between a man and a woman.

His position had plenty of support in the Missouri House.

"We're risking a handful of people usurping public policy in the state," said
Rep. Cynthia Davis, R-O'Fallon.

Rep. Allen Icet, R-Wildwood, brought a dictionary to the debate. "Marriage is
defined as 'the legal union of man and woman as husband and wife,'" he said.

"I find it an oxymoron to talk about same-sex marriage," said Rep. Edgar Emery,
R-Lamar.

The few votes against the bill came from lawmakers from urban areas in St.
Louis, Kansas City and Columbia. These critics argued that the bill was
redundant, discriminatory and even hateful.

Rep. Margaret Donnelly, D-Richmond Heights, said the bill "denigrates and
demeans those people that are different."

"This is an 'I hate gay people' amendment," she said.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

CORRECTION-DATE: April 27, 2004

CORRECTION: This article about a Missouri House bill that would let voters
decide whether to ban same-sex marriage incorrectly attributed a statement
against the proposal. Rep. Barbara Fraser, D-University City, said the bill
"denigrates and demeans those people who are different."

CORRECTION PUBLISHED Thursday, May 6, 2004: This article incorrectly attributed
a quote. It was state Rep.  Barbara Fraser, D-University City, who said, "This
is an 'I hate gay people' amendment."


                  Copyright 2004 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              221 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 13, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Trump Addresses Clinton \x91Deplorables' In Speech To National Guard
Of The United States

LENGTH: 1627  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Donald J. Trump has issued the following news
release:



 Thank you. I am honored to be here today. Let me extend my special gratitude to
General Ashenhurst and General Hargett, and to each and every one of you.



 The National Guard of the United States has defended this nation at war, kept
our citizens safe at home, and rushed into danger wherever it has threatened our
people.





 Our debt to you is eternal.



 Yesterday was the 15th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks. The National Guard was
sent to assist in the aid and recovery efforts at Ground Zero in New York City.



 Since 9/11, there have been 780,000 members of the National Guard deployed
overseas - including those with multiple deployments. Right now, 10,000 members
of the National Guard are in Iraq, Afghanistan, and many other countries across
the world.



 Members of the National Guard come from all walks of life, work in every kind
of job imaginable, and juggle a thousand different challenges as they raise
their kids, serve their states, and answer the call of duty for their country.



 If I am given the honor to serve as your President, I will pledge to give you
the resources, the equipment, and the support you need and deserve.



 You will have a true and loyal friend in the White House.



 Whether you vote for me, or whether you vote for someone else, I will be your
greatest champion. I will not let you down.



 I am running to be a President for all Americans - and I've been especially
humbled to have the support of so many of our men and women in uniform.



 All across this country, I've met so many incredible members of both our
military and law enforcement community. There's nothing I've enjoyed more than
the time I've spent with our service members, police officers, and also our
firefighters and paramedics.



 They embody the goodness and decency of our country.



 I was thus deeply shocked and alarmed this Friday to hear my opponent attack,
slander, smear and demean these wonderful, amazing people who are supporting our
campaign.



 Our support comes from every part of America, and every walk of life. We have
the support of cops and soldiers, carpenters and welders, the young and the old,
and millions of working class families who just want a better future.



 These were the people Hillary Clinton so viciously demonized. These were among
the countless Americans that Hillary Clinton called deplorable, irredeemable and
un-American. She called these patriotic men and women every vile name in the
book - she called them racist, sexist, xenophobic, and Islamaphobic.



 She called them a "basket of deplorables" in both a speech and an interview.
She divides people into baskets as though they were objects, not human beings.



 Hillary Clinton made these comments at one of her high-dollar fundraisers in
Wall Street.



 She and her wealthy donors all had a good laugh. They were laughing at the very
people who pave the roads she drives on, paint the buildings she speaks in, and
keep the lights on in her auditorium.



 Hillary Clinton is an insider, supported by powerful insiders, attacking
Americans who have no political power.



 Hillary Clinton spoke with hatred and derision for the people who make this
country run.



 She spoke with contempt for the people who thanklessly follow the rules, pay
their taxes, and scratch out a living for their families.



 While Hillary Clinton lives a sequestered life behind gates and walls and
guards, she mocks and demeans hardworking Americans who only want their own
families to enjoy a fraction of the security enjoyed by our politicians.



 After months of hiding from the press, Hillary Clinton has revealed her true
thoughts.



 She revealed herself to be a person who looks down on the proud citizens of our
country as subjects for her to rule over.



 Her comments displayed the same sense of arrogance and entitlement that led her
to violate federal law as Secretary of State, hide and delete her emails, put
classified information in the reach of our enemies, lie to Congress, and sell
government favors and access through her Foundation.



 It's the same attitude that explains why Hillary Clinton refuses to take
accountability for the deadly disasters she helped to create in Iraq, in Syria
and in Libya.



 To this day, she still won't take accountability for her role in unleashing
ISIS across the Middle East - or for putting Iran on the path to a nuclear
weapon.



 Hillary Clinton believes she is above the law, that she is above
accountability, and that she is above each and every one of you.



 Our campaign is about giving voice to the voiceless. It's about representing
the forgotten men and women of this country.



 I'm here to represent everyone, but especially those who are struggling against
injustice and unfairness.



 I am running so that the powerful can no longer beat up on the powerless. I'm
running to take on the special interests, the big donors, and the corrupt
political insiders.



 I am running to be your voice.



 Hillary Clinton is a voice for Wall Street, for hedge fund managers, for the
top tenth of the one percent. Just look at the people funding Hillary Clinton's
campaign, and paying for her speeches, and you'll know who she represents.



 The disdain that Hillary Clinton expressed towards millions of decent Americans
disqualifies her from public service.



 You cannot run for President if you have such contempt in your heart for the
American voter. You can't lead this nation if you have such a low opinion of its
citizens.



 Hillary Clinton still hasn't apologized to those she slandered. In fact, she
hasn't backed down at all - she's doubled-down on her campaign of conspiracy and
contempt.



 If Hillary Clinton will not retract her comments in full, then I don't see how
she can credibly campaign.



 Let's be clear. These were not offhand comments from Hillary Clinton. These
were not stray remarks in an interview, or an accidental choice of words. These
were lengthy, planned, and prepared remarks - it was perhaps the most explicit
attack on the American voter ever spoken by a major-party presidential nominee.



 Clinton was using a very deliberate page from the Democratic Playbook -
smearing someone with one of those names in order to scare them out of voting
for change. She just took it to a whole new level by applying it to tens of
millions of people.



 She used these vile words in order to bully and intimidate honest citizens out
of seeking government reform.



 People who want their immigration laws enforced, and their borders secured, are
not racists. They are patriotic Americans of all backgrounds who want their jobs
and families protected.



 People who warn about Radical Islamic Terrorism are not Islamophobes. They are
decent American citizens who want to uphold our tolerant values and keep our
country safe.



 People who support the police, and who want crime reduced, are not prejudiced.
They are concerned and loving citizens whose hearts break every time an innocent
child is lost to preventable violence.



 Hillary Clinton doesn't have to worry about Sanctuary Cities, or jobs moving
overseas. She's protected from her own policies.



 The policies of Hillary Clinton have produced failing schools, shrinking
incomes, and the tragic poverty and joblessness in our inner cities.



 Our campaign is dedicated to changing these policies to make life better for
all Americans.



 We are the campaign of school choice.



 We are the campaign dedicated to improving economic conditions for every
African-American and Hispanic worker.



 We are the campaign that will deliver a government of, by and for the people.



 This change agenda includes a new foreign and military policy.



 We are going to put the failed policies of the past behind us.



 We will empower our generals to do the job they were hired to do - and that
begins with defeating and destroying ISIS.



 Instead of endless wars, we want a real plan for victory.



 We will abandon the policy of reckless regime change favored by my opponent,
and we will instead work with our allies to advance the core national security
interests of the United States.



 My plan calls for a major rebuilding of the entire military, and the
elimination of the defense sequester. In this rebuilding, we will provide our
National Guard with the best, modern state-of-the-art equipment in the world.



 The National Guard is often the first and the last line of defense for our
people.



 You are there when the hurricanes and floods and tornadoes strike.



 You are there to protect civilians in times of unrest.



 You are there to respond to every natural disaster.



 You deserve a government that recognizes and honors your contribution, and that
ensures you have the resources you need to get the job done.



 In a Trump Administration, the National Guard will always have a direct line to
the Oval Office.



 You will have an Administration that never loses sight of the vital
contribution you make each and every day.



 You will have a President who supports, promotes and speaks up for the National
Guard at every turn.



 The members of the National Guard have sacrificed life and limb for our
freedom, our safety and our country.



 We will never forget our heroes, their families, and the ones they've left
behind.



 Our gratitude is everlasting.



 We will protect those who protect us.



 And we will follow your example of unity - working in common purpose and common
cause.



 We will be one people, under one God, saluting one American flag.



 We will rebuild our military - and our country.



 We Will Make America Strong Again.



 We Will Make America Safe Again.



 And We Will Make America Great Again.



 Thank you, and God Bless you all.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              222 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 13, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Trump Addresses Clinton \x91Deplorables' In Speech To National Guard
Of The United States

LENGTH: 1627  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Donald J. Trump has issued the following news
release:



 Thank you. I am honored to be here today. Let me extend my special gratitude to
General Ashenhurst and General Hargett, and to each and every one of you.



 The National Guard of the United States has defended this nation at war, kept
our citizens safe at home, and rushed into danger wherever it has threatened our
people.





 Our debt to you is eternal.



 Yesterday was the 15th anniversary of the 9/11 attacks. The National Guard was
sent to assist in the aid and recovery efforts at Ground Zero in New York City.



 Since 9/11, there have been 780,000 members of the National Guard deployed
overseas - including those with multiple deployments. Right now, 10,000 members
of the National Guard are in Iraq, Afghanistan, and many other countries across
the world.



 Members of the National Guard come from all walks of life, work in every kind
of job imaginable, and juggle a thousand different challenges as they raise
their kids, serve their states, and answer the call of duty for their country.



 If I am given the honor to serve as your President, I will pledge to give you
the resources, the equipment, and the support you need and deserve.



 You will have a true and loyal friend in the White House.



 Whether you vote for me, or whether you vote for someone else, I will be your
greatest champion. I will not let you down.



 I am running to be a President for all Americans - and I've been especially
humbled to have the support of so many of our men and women in uniform.



 All across this country, I've met so many incredible members of both our
military and law enforcement community. There's nothing I've enjoyed more than
the time I've spent with our service members, police officers, and also our
firefighters and paramedics.



 They embody the goodness and decency of our country.



 I was thus deeply shocked and alarmed this Friday to hear my opponent attack,
slander, smear and demean these wonderful, amazing people who are supporting our
campaign.



 Our support comes from every part of America, and every walk of life. We have
the support of cops and soldiers, carpenters and welders, the young and the old,
and millions of working class families who just want a better future.



 These were the people Hillary Clinton so viciously demonized. These were among
the countless Americans that Hillary Clinton called deplorable, irredeemable and
un-American. She called these patriotic men and women every vile name in the
book - she called them racist, sexist, xenophobic, and Islamaphobic.



 She called them a "basket of deplorables" in both a speech and an interview.
She divides people into baskets as though they were objects, not human beings.



 Hillary Clinton made these comments at one of her high-dollar fundraisers in
Wall Street.



 She and her wealthy donors all had a good laugh. They were laughing at the very
people who pave the roads she drives on, paint the buildings she speaks in, and
keep the lights on in her auditorium.



 Hillary Clinton is an insider, supported by powerful insiders, attacking
Americans who have no political power.



 Hillary Clinton spoke with hatred and derision for the people who make this
country run.



 She spoke with contempt for the people who thanklessly follow the rules, pay
their taxes, and scratch out a living for their families.



 While Hillary Clinton lives a sequestered life behind gates and walls and
guards, she mocks and demeans hardworking Americans who only want their own
families to enjoy a fraction of the security enjoyed by our politicians.



 After months of hiding from the press, Hillary Clinton has revealed her true
thoughts.



 She revealed herself to be a person who looks down on the proud citizens of our
country as subjects for her to rule over.



 Her comments displayed the same sense of arrogance and entitlement that led her
to violate federal law as Secretary of State, hide and delete her emails, put
classified information in the reach of our enemies, lie to Congress, and sell
government favors and access through her Foundation.



 It's the same attitude that explains why Hillary Clinton refuses to take
accountability for the deadly disasters she helped to create in Iraq, in Syria
and in Libya.



 To this day, she still won't take accountability for her role in unleashing
ISIS across the Middle East - or for putting Iran on the path to a nuclear
weapon.



 Hillary Clinton believes she is above the law, that she is above
accountability, and that she is above each and every one of you.



 Our campaign is about giving voice to the voiceless. It's about representing
the forgotten men and women of this country.



 I'm here to represent everyone, but especially those who are struggling against
injustice and unfairness.



 I am running so that the powerful can no longer beat up on the powerless. I'm
running to take on the special interests, the big donors, and the corrupt
political insiders.



 I am running to be your voice.



 Hillary Clinton is a voice for Wall Street, for hedge fund managers, for the
top tenth of the one percent. Just look at the people funding Hillary Clinton's
campaign, and paying for her speeches, and you'll know who she represents.



 The disdain that Hillary Clinton expressed towards millions of decent Americans
disqualifies her from public service.



 You cannot run for President if you have such contempt in your heart for the
American voter. You can't lead this nation if you have such a low opinion of its
citizens.



 Hillary Clinton still hasn't apologized to those she slandered. In fact, she
hasn't backed down at all - she's doubled-down on her campaign of conspiracy and
contempt.



 If Hillary Clinton will not retract her comments in full, then I don't see how
she can credibly campaign.



 Let's be clear. These were not offhand comments from Hillary Clinton. These
were not stray remarks in an interview, or an accidental choice of words. These
were lengthy, planned, and prepared remarks - it was perhaps the most explicit
attack on the American voter ever spoken by a major-party presidential nominee.



 Clinton was using a very deliberate page from the Democratic Playbook -
smearing someone with one of those names in order to scare them out of voting
for change. She just took it to a whole new level by applying it to tens of
millions of people.



 She used these vile words in order to bully and intimidate honest citizens out
of seeking government reform.



 People who want their immigration laws enforced, and their borders secured, are
not racists. They are patriotic Americans of all backgrounds who want their jobs
and families protected.



 People who warn about Radical Islamic Terrorism are not Islamophobes. They are
decent American citizens who want to uphold our tolerant values and keep our
country safe.



 People who support the police, and who want crime reduced, are not prejudiced.
They are concerned and loving citizens whose hearts break every time an innocent
child is lost to preventable violence.



 Hillary Clinton doesn't have to worry about Sanctuary Cities, or jobs moving
overseas. She's protected from her own policies.



 The policies of Hillary Clinton have produced failing schools, shrinking
incomes, and the tragic poverty and joblessness in our inner cities.



 Our campaign is dedicated to changing these policies to make life better for
all Americans.



 We are the campaign of school choice.



 We are the campaign dedicated to improving economic conditions for every
African-American and Hispanic worker.



 We are the campaign that will deliver a government of, by and for the people.



 This change agenda includes a new foreign and military policy.



 We are going to put the failed policies of the past behind us.



 We will empower our generals to do the job they were hired to do - and that
begins with defeating and destroying ISIS.



 Instead of endless wars, we want a real plan for victory.



 We will abandon the policy of reckless regime change favored by my opponent,
and we will instead work with our allies to advance the core national security
interests of the United States.



 My plan calls for a major rebuilding of the entire military, and the
elimination of the defense sequester. In this rebuilding, we will provide our
National Guard with the best, modern state-of-the-art equipment in the world.



 The National Guard is often the first and the last line of defense for our
people.



 You are there when the hurricanes and floods and tornadoes strike.



 You are there to protect civilians in times of unrest.



 You are there to respond to every natural disaster.



 You deserve a government that recognizes and honors your contribution, and that
ensures you have the resources you need to get the job done.



 In a Trump Administration, the National Guard will always have a direct line to
the Oval Office.



 You will have an Administration that never loses sight of the vital
contribution you make each and every day.



 You will have a President who supports, promotes and speaks up for the National
Guard at every turn.



 The members of the National Guard have sacrificed life and limb for our
freedom, our safety and our country.



 We will never forget our heroes, their families, and the ones they've left
behind.



 Our gratitude is everlasting.



 We will protect those who protect us.



 And we will follow your example of unity - working in common purpose and common
cause.



 We will be one people, under one God, saluting one American flag.



 We will rebuild our military - and our country.



 We Will Make America Strong Again.



 We Will Make America Safe Again.



 And We Will Make America Great Again.



 Thank you, and God Bless you all.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              223 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   September 7, 1994, Wednesday, City Edition

Last-minute fliers demean electoral process

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; EDITORIAL; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 499 words



Pasco voters need look no farther than their mailboxes to understand why so
many of their neighbors are turned off by politics.

Democratic candidates Karen Stockwell and Michael Cox have cluttered the  mail
with a pair of last-minute campaign advertisements that attack their  opponents,
distort their records and leave little time for rebuttal. Their  tactic is the
political equivalent of hit and run, a dagger in the back. It  reflects a
truth-be-darned, win-at-all-cost mentality. Both candidates are  attempting to
cynically manipulate the electorate with last-minute  half-truths, which few
voters have time to research before the election. By  smearing their opponents
they make everyone in politics look bad.

Stockwell's flier is the most offensive of the two. As a Democratic primary
candidate for the legislative seat in House District 46, she has severely
diminished her own stature. Her mailer implies that her opponent, former New
Port Richey Mayor Debra Prewitt, is to blame for the establishment of an adult
bookstore in New Port Richey. "We didn't have to have this (bookstore) but,
because of Debra Prewitt, we do," says Stockwell's mailer. "It is sleazy.  It's
scary. And it's in our community thanks to Debra Prewitt."

Stockwell maintains that her flier is based solely on "facts." She  portrays it
as a legitimate informational brochure. In truth, it is a  mean-spirited,
inflammatory distortion of Prewitt's record. Stockwell should  have recognized
this and understood that her tactic demeans the electoral  process. Some local
Democratic leaders, who undoubtedly knew of and condoned  the flier, also appear
unsophisticated as a result of Stockwell's mailing. It  strips them of any claim
to neutrality in this primary election and leaves  them looking petty and
vindictive.

As for the adult bookstore, Prewitt was as eager to prevent its  establishment
as hundreds of concerned city residents. She was wise enough,  however, to
recognize that the city was without legal standing to deny the  bookstore's
application to open. A circuit judge had warned the city of this.  By persuading
the City Council to take heed and approve the bookstore's  application, Prewitt
helped New Port Richey avoid a lawsuit that would have  squandered tax dollars
without stopping the bookstore.

Citrus County residents are learning this the hard way. Last week, a  federal
judge ruled for the second time that the county's restrictions on  adult
establishments are unconstitutional.

Stockwell also ignores Prewitt's success in tightening New Port Richey's
restrictions on adult businesses. She and the City Council went to work on the
new restrictions at the same time they were grappling with the bookstore's
application.

Though none of these facts are in Stockwell's flier, we suspect she is well
aware of them. If she is not, she certainly should be. Either way, Stockwell's
credibility as a candidate is severely damaged.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: PASCO TIMES

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                            Times Publishing Company


                              224 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   February 17, 1990, Saturday, City Edition

An insincere debate on crime

SECTION: EDITORIAL; EDITORIAL; Pg. 22A

LENGTH: 589 words



It's hard to decide who behaved more insincerely Wednesday: Bill    Nelson, who
began his official campaign for governor by demagoguing on    the crime issue;
or Gov. Bob Martinez's smart-mouthed aides, who    pretended to take offense at
Nelson's tactics.

     Almost everyone else can legitimately criticize Nelson for trying    to
parlay the tragic Charles Street murder case for political    advantage, but the

 Martinez campaign has sacrificed that privilege. In    a gubernatorial debate
four years ago, Martinez claimed that serial    killer Ted Bundy would be
"walking the streets" if a bill supported    by his Democratic opponent, Steve
Pajcic, had become law. That charge    was wrong factually as well as morally,
but Martinez didn't let the    subsequent criticism of that cheap shot prevent
him from casting    further aspersions on Pajcic's supposed lack of "backbone"
for    fighting crime.

     Two years later, Martinez and his campaign manager, J. M. "Mac"

 Stipanovich, further sullied their credentials on the crime issue when    they
eagerly assisted George Bush in keeping Willie Horton's name on    the minds of
voters during the 1988 presidential campaign.

     So when Stipanovich and Martinez aide Brian Ballard, in strikingly
similar language, accused Nelson of opening his campaign for governor    "on the
backs of two (dead) police officers," they sounded a lot    like Don King
questioning the integrity of a boxing official.

     Florida's voters will be ill-served if Nelson insists on trying to    make
a household name of Street, who was charged with killing two    Miami-area
officers in 1988 only days after having been released from    a Florida prison
under a program designed to relieve overcrowding. The    issues of crime and
imprisonment are too important and complex to be    reduced to caricature. Every
governor, not just Michael Dukakis and    Bob Martinez, is responsible for
making difficult parole and furlough    decisions - decisions made even more
wrenching by the growing strains    of prison overcrowding. Focusing a campaign
on the inevitable

 individual failures of our overburdened prison systems demeans our    political

 process, and adding subtle tinges of racism to such a    cynical campaign only
demeans the process further.

     That is not to say that the Martinez administration's record on    crime
does not make an inviting, legitimate target. The governor has    proved
forevermore the proposition that prison walls do not a law    enforcement policy
make. After almost four years, the governor has    given Florida many more
prison beds - and less of virtually everything    else related to crime
prevention and rehabilitation. The results are    clear to the millions of
Floridians who feel less secure than they did    four years ago.

     Nelson, along with Martinez's other challengers, still has ample    time to

 make a more honest case against the governor's generally    unfavorable
law-and-order record, but his opening salvo was not    encouraging. If anything
good came out of this dismal early day of    politicking, it is the possibility
of the chastening effect that the    Martinez camp members may experience as a
result of having their own    cynical tactics turned against them.



LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                            Times Publishing Company


                              225 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      May 11, 1995, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

SOUTHSIDE;
Talk radio no more than trash;
Phenomenon that demeans the airwaves so blatantly should be eliminated

BYLINE: Jim Minter

SECTION: EXTRA, Pg. 2M

LENGTH: 939 words


Judging from what I read in the newspaper and hear on the street, talk about
talk radio is our leading topic of conversation, ahead of O.J. Simpson's
California circus now that Rush Limbaugh has bombed the federal building in
Oklahoma City.

The mostly liberal targets of talk-radio personalities seem almost gleeful to
have so heinous a crime to blame on their tormentors. I wouldn't go that far,
although the temptation to find some way to shut them up is powerful. Like
nailing Al Capone on income tax evasion.

Limbaugh and our local loose tongues, from Neil Boortz to Ralph from Ben Hill,
working the other side of the hill, aren't paragons of healthy and enlightening
debate, but neither are they trolling us along like the Pied Pipers that
President Clinton and media folks claim them to be. At least I hope not.

To blame the Oklahoma City bombing on talk radio is a long stretch. As somebody
wrote in the newspaper, that's like blaming Pope John Paul II for abortion
clinic shootings, George McGovern for anti-war bombings or Abner Doubleday for
the baseball strike.

Although I like to think of myself as slightly to the right of Barry Goldwater
in his prime, it's my opinion that talk radio should be exterminated, like polio
and the boll weevil. I like to pat myself on the back and brag that I was hating
talk radio before talk radio was cool. Except for a fraction of Limbaugh that's
legitimate humor and honest political satire, talk radio is trash that shouldn't
get past a truck stop men's room.

Talk radio in Atlanta must be about the nastiest in the country. Nice for a city
that bills itself as too busy to hate, and confirming a suspicion long lurking
in the back of my mind: Atlanta's slogan should be "A City Too Greedy to Hate."
The buck always has been big in Atlanta.

I can think of no other reason people who own and manage radio stations would
allow their properties to demean themselves. Talk jockeys neither own nor manage
radio stations. Somebody has to let them in the door and give them a microphone.
Somebody must be thinking more about audience shares, profits and annual bonuses
than about decency, civility and community responsibility. Somebody at the top
must not be paying attention.

One of the things I hate most about talk radio is what it has done to WSB radio,
or rather what WSB radio has allowed it to do. WSB - Welcome South, Brother -
50,000 watts clear channel, 750 on the dial, an institution like the newspapers,
representing the best of the city, state and region.

WSB once had class. If a 1990s-style talk show host spewing gutter language had
tried to get into the studio, he, or she, would have had to crash the gate with
a Patton tank. It is sad.

Even Ludlow Porch had to go. Because of the numbers, I hear. I'll offer a small
wager. Put responsible, intelligent, uplifting, clean- language programming back
on the air and the listening audience will go up, not down. Ditto the bottom
line. My bet is station managers and program directors misread sophisticated
survey results. The audience for decent programming is out there, waiting, with
dollars to spend. Hotshots who manage radio stations need to grow up.

Newspapers do pretty well without the stuff we hear on radio, see on TV and at
the movies. Newspapers have kept their pages comparatively clean, although I see
shockers that would have put editors on the next bus in my day.

Before ink-stained wretches injure their arms patting their own backs, they
might take a long look in a mirror and ask a question: Why do we have talk radio
as talk radio is today?

Newspapers are partly to blame. Gregory Favre, an old Atlanta Journal hand now
editing the Sacramento Bee in California, has just completed his term as
president of the American Society of Newspaper Editors, which is as high as you
can go in the business without a degree in accounting or parents who own the
shop.

Gregory is a flaming liberal, defender of the First Amendment, in love with
newspapering, always looking for the best in the business. He has a couple of
Pulitzer Prizes on his belt. Yet, in his farewell address to the nation's top
editors, which earned him a rare standing ovation at the national convention,
Greg documented a grievous shortcoming of newspapers in our time.

They are slow in understanding and reporting trends. That's where talk radio,
which is more serious than the CB fad of a few years ago, comes in. Talk radio
is the wrong response to real problems.

Greg said newspapers were late in reporting the civil rights movement, AIDS,
drugs, the women's movement, the collapse of the Soviet Union and communism in
Eastern Europe. Other trends. He's right. I was there.

The attraction of talk radio, beyond shouting in bathroom language, is that it
addresses grass-roots concerns respectable media either ignore or sugar-coat.

Immigration is a real problem. Welfare is a real problem. Crime is deadly. Race
is scary. Gun control and abortion demand solutions. What to do about prayer?
Government spending and rights and abuses. Individual rights, search and
seizure. The mainstream media run behind, on tippy- toe.

Listen to talk radio. The scary thing is that the problems they babble about are
real. They need fixing.

The two-party system, Democrats and Republicans, fragmented and hostage to their
own nut cases, fail. (Or why else would Bob Dole look so good for 1996?)

Talk radio is a misguided reaction to real problems. Serious people are
seriously concerned, desperate to be heard. And until we learn to talk sense,
somebody will keep on talking nonsense, and people will listen.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration: A radio microphone.

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              226 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   February 17, 1990, Saturday, Final Edition

McCulture in the U.S.S.R. (Cont'd.)

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE A28; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 300 words


Poor Eugene Bowen! In his letter, "McCulture in the U.S.S.R." [Feb. 9], he seems
clearly anguished over glowing press coverage of the success of the first
McDonald's in Moscow. As if that were not painful enough, he is distressed about
the manipulation of employees and customers by the conformist American
corporation. He scornfully rejects McDonald's presence in the Soviet Union as
representing the victory of capitalism over communism.

Mr. Bowen's anger does not permit him to see that the people who form lines at
the counter at McDonald's, and the employees who work for McDonald's, choose to
do so. In the Soviet Union, even today, there is only one employer and one
supplier of goods and services, and for that reason, employees have no real
chance to change jobs without approval, and consumers have no choices either.
This enormous power of the state over individuals has emasculated the Soviet
people and driven them to absenteeism and low-quality production. In its way,
McDonald's in Moscow represents something different -- and something much more
important than hamburgers produced in assembly-line fashion.

But let's put aside the grave matters of political and economic systems for the
moment. Doesn't Mr. Bowen in all honesty thinkthat McDonald's french fries are
terrific?  ROBERTO D. LOPEZ Falls Church

Ah, Washington! It's perhaps the only place in the world where someone would
complain about a business that "demeans its patrons with . . . service by people
who are told to smile and be nice," as does Eugene Bowen.

If only more businesses, government agencies, and the other institutions with
which one must deal with daily would follow McDonald's lead and "demean" us with
uniform quality and smiling employees trained to be nice. WILLIAM H. DEAVER
Arlington

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION, STAYSKAL FOR THE TAMPA TRIBUNE

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1990 The Washington Post


                              227 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Waterloo Region Record

                           February 20, 2016 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Coarse language from U.S. candidates demeans us all

BYLINE: Lori Borgman, Tribune News Service

SECTION: ETCETERA; Pg. E3

LENGTH: 400 words


I liked it better when presidential candidates spent more time shaking hands and
kissing babies than calling their opponents liars and losers.

Of course, I also liked it better when family-friendly television shows closed
with sappy theme songs - a stark contrast to a family-friendly show that
recently closed with kids singing a refrain that constantly repeated a swear
word. I'm not sure if the creators intended it to be cute or funny, but it was
neither. It was stupid.

I probably shouldn't have written that. The s-t-u-p-i-d part.

I once used that word in front of one of the grands and she asked what it meant.
I was about to explain the meaning (writers like dissecting words, right?) when
her mother materialized out of thin air, sternly reminding the child and Grandma
that we don't say that word.

It's like we've all been roughed up by a heavy grit sandpaper. We lack smooth
edges.

There are no longer euphemisms for body parts or body functions. These days
everybody goes directly to the graphic and gross.

A part of me shrugs and asks, who cares? Language is fluid, right? Thou
thoughtest words changeth not?

Yet, there's a level at which the coarse language demeans and demoralizes us
all. Not only is the speaker demeaned, but the listener is demeaned as well. We
become a little less human and little more animal. Something of loveliness dies.

Maybe coarse language is an easy way of getting attention. Maybe people think
coarse language is a way of proving strength.

Ronald Reagan lobbed one of the greatest challenges of the last century when he
said, "Mr. Gorbachev, tear down this wall!" His words still echo - and not a
single @%@&#!

I graduated from the Journalism School at the University of Missouri many moons
ago, when every student had to survive news writing with Hal Lester. If there
had been a Marine Corps of journalism profs, Lester would have been the
commandant. He could thunder about the misuse of a semicolon and reduce a room
full of smart-aleck college students to quivering ninnies.

One day a rogue asked if we could use vulgarities in news copy. Lester glowered.
Then he thundered, "The only people who use vulgarities are people with poor
vocabularies."

Maybe our coarse language has nothing to do with losing respect for ourselves
and one another. Maybe coarsening language is because we've all grown a little
more stu---er, maybe we're just not as bright as we used to be.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Metroland Media Group Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              228 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      JANUARY 27, 1998 Tuesday SF EDITION

POLLS: MOST BELIEVE THERE WAS AN AFFAIR / THE PUBLIC DOESN'T THINK HE SHOULD
RESIGN IF IT IS TRUE. LYING, HOWEVER, WOULD BE A DIFFERENT MATTER.

BYLINE: Brigid Schulte, INQUIRER WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 605 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The latest polls gauging public opinion about the Clinton sex scandal suggest
the American people are still in the process of making sense of it all.

A majority of Americans believe that President Clinton had a sexual affair with
a White House intern. A majority don't think he should resign over it.

A slight majority also believe Clinton lied about having an affair. If he did
lie, a majority think he should go.

"This is public opinion in the making," said Andrew Kohut, who conducts and
analyzes polls for the Pew Research Center here. "This all has happened very
quickly. It's contradictory because people haven't really thought it through."

Although the allegations - which the President denies - are all the buzz from
snowed-in Maine restaurants to Oregon talk shows, people are not really sure
what to think. Not yet. And they're not at all sure what should happen next.

The country is holding its breath.

"People still hold great affection for the office of the presidency and believe
it is a symbol of stability for the country," said Richard Harwood, head of the
Harwood Group of Bethesda, Md., which studies people's attitudes toward politics
and government.

"There are very few people out there who want to see the presidency fall. Most
people are hoping these allegations are false, for the sake of the presidency
itself."

Polls in the last few days by the Washington Post/ABC News, the Wall Street
Journal/NBC News and the Gallup organization all found that a majority of people
believe it is true that President Clinton had some kind of sexual relationship
with Monica Lewinsky.

That doesn't bother those polled nearly as much as the idea that Clinton might
have lied under oath.

"People are saying, for sexual transgression alone, no, he shouldn't go. But
once the public debate changes and it focuses less on 'did he do it?' to 'is he
telling the truth?' that's where the President's risk of a greater loss of
support rests," Kohut said. "People are heartsick," he added. "It doesn't make
them feel good about the country."

That sick feeling is true for all but the most rabid anti-Clinton partisans.

"It demeans the office and it demeans our nation and it makes me sad," said
Susan Pelter, who heads a Republican think tank in Jacksonville, Fla. "At first,
I was torn between glee and horror, glee that something finally stuck to
Clinton, but the horror of what could happen quickly overwhelmed it."

For Oregonians, the allegations bring up painful memories of Sen. Bob Packwood's
forced resignation in 1995 over reports of unwanted sexual advances to women,
including young interns.

"Partisans said they knew about him all along," said Jim Moore, a political
science professor at the University of Portland in Oregon. "And people who knew
him or liked him had a real sense of tragedy.

"People here feel Clinton has had a successful presidency. It hasn't been
spectacular, but he's been moving things slowly and surely. And to have things
fall apart because of something like this - which people think is wrong but not
a big deal - they're really torn."

In the Midwest, Barbara McGowan, a presidential scholar at Ripon College in
Wisconsin, said people don't much want to talk about the allegations.

"This is not Clinton country, but he is really popular in terms of his
policies," McGowan said. "He's like Woody Allen. You know he has a bad
character, but you still like his movies. People are disgusted with Clinton for
letting them down, with the media and the special prosecutor for making us
confront something we knew but perhaps weren't interested in focusing on."

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1998 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              229 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   February 8, 1989, Wednesday, Final Edition

RECOMMENDED READING

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A25; THE FEDERAL PAGE

LENGTH: 779 words


Rep. Dan Rostenkowski (D-Ill.), who voted for the pay raise yesterday, delivered
these remarks on the House floor:

Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this resolution. I strongly support the pay
raise recommended by the Quadrennial Commission and endorsed by President Reagan
and President Bush because I believe that all of us -- each and every one of us
-- deserve it. To date, I've stayed out of the public debate over this issue,
but in the past week I've heard about as much as I can stand.

I can't remember a more disheartening or embarrassing debate. I have served in
this House for 30 years. I am proud of what I do, and you, my colleagues, should
feel the same way. The bashing that we have received in the press over this
issue not only demeans us, it demeans all public servants. The criticism that
has been heaped on us is bad enough; why are so many of us agreeing with it? It
is high time we stopped whipping ourselves.

Each member of this House, Democrat and Republican, is worth a salary of $
135,000 a year. Our decisions affect all Americans. The domestic and foreign
policies of the most powerful nation in the world are shaped in the committee
rooms and on the floor of this House. The responsibility we exercise is
unmatched in any private-sector job.

I'm not up here to sing the blues. I asked for this job and I work hard to keep
it. In my home town of Chicago they call politics a blood sport. I've been
pretty successful at it. I don't apologize for getting in the arena and I'll be
damned if I'll apologize for winning. Yet that is what this debate has reduced
us to -- apologizing for serving in the United States House of Representatives.
That is wrong. I don't say that with any malice, just profound disappointment.

Our failure to stand up for ourselves is bad enough, but we are holding hostage
the pay scale of the rest of the government. Failure to raise the pay of members
of Congress, the judiciary and senior administration officials is irresponsible.
We will lose good people in the Congress -- the young members trying to raise a
family, educate their kids and maintain two residences. We will lose good
judges. We will lose good people who administer programs affecting the lives of
millions of people. The quality of work performed by all three branches of
government will suffer because we don't have the guts to say what we're worth.

Two years ago, I offered a proposal to raise the pay caps for all three branches
while meeting the political concerns about the salary hike for the Congress. The
proposal is simple. For the judicial and executive branches, pay caps would be
increased by the amount recommended by the Quadrennial Commission. Members of
Congress, however, would have a choice. At the beginning of each Congress, they
could sign in at whatever pay they think they are worth, ranging from the
current salary of $ 89,500 to the $ 135,000 recommended by the commission. That
salary would remain fixed for the duration of their term.

I would sign for the highest end of the scale. If the people in the
neighborhoods of the 8th Congressional District of Illinois conclude that the
chairman of the Committee on Ways and Means, with 30 years of experience in the
House, working on their behalf is not worth top dollar, they are free to make
that clear in the next election. In the next Congress, they would have the
opportunity to address their grievances to a new representative. I owe my
constituents a great deal, including hard work and good judgment, but I also owe
them a measure of self-respect.

Other members might sign in at a lesser amount because of regional differences
in the cost of living, their tenure, or level of responsibility. That's fine.
Let's just stop the breast-beating and finger-pointing. Let each of us decide
and live with the consequences.

You know how hard you work and you shouldn't be embarrassed to say it. You work
hard here and you work hard in your districts. And the hardest thing you do is
tell your families that they must sacrifice year in and year out. Sure there are
perquisites that come with the job. But you know as well as I do that perks
can't make up for the birthdays, ballgames, holidays and meals that we miss.
When was the last time you skipped a town meeting for a school play? If you
can't remember, ask your spouse. You maintain two households but you're never
home.

My colleagues, you deserve this pay raise. The public servants in the judicial
and executive branches deserve this pay raise.

I am proud to be a member of this great institution -- proud of my service --
and proud to vote in favor of the pay raise. I'd like to see you join me.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, SAN ROSTENKOWSKI.

TYPE: TRANSCRIPT

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                              230 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   September 4, 1986, Thursday, Final Edition

U.S. Sweetens Wheat Offer;
 Soviets Still Cool;
 Republican Senator Says Bigger Subsidy 'Demeans the Process Further'

BYLINE: Ward Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A25

LENGTH: 631 words


The Reagan administration has sweetened its controversial offer to sell wheat to
the Soviet Union at subsidized rates, but Moscow apparently is showing little
interest in making a deal.

After U.S. wheat prices increased in August, making the grain less competitive
on the world market, the administration last week increased the bonus it is
offering the Soviets from $ 13 per metric ton to $ 15.

The subsidized-sale decision -- controversial here and abroad since its
announcement last month -- showed signs yesterday of backfiring politically
against the White House, as a key Republican senator renewed his criticism.

Sen. Richard G. Lugar (R-Ind.), chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee,
said he thought the Soviets' refusal to buy had become embarrassing to the
administration and that the increased subsidy "demeans the process further."

President Reagan, under intense pressure from Senate Majority Leader Robert J.
Dole (R-Kan.) and other congressional Republicans, rejected the advice of senior
administration officials and approved the subsidy plan as a way of helping
economically troubled American farmers sell more surplus wheat.

Lugar, who after the initial announcement had charged that the subsidy scheme
was intended to bolster GOP election fortunes in the wheat states, repeated his
criticism Tuesday.

"I did not think it was a good idea . . . . I think it is even more embarrassing
in the fact that we put the offer on the table a month ago and the Soviets have
ignored it," Lugar said.

Trade sources continued to express surprise that the Soviets have not accepted
the U.S. offer, which is good until Oct. 1, when the third year of a five-year
grain trading agreement with Moscow expires.

The Soviets are committed under the pact to buy 4 million metric tons of wheat
annually, a goal they missed last year and are far from meeting this year.

"Everyone thought the Agriculture Department must have had some kind of
commitment from the Soviets before the subsidy announcement was made," one trade
source said.

"Otherwise, if they don't sell the grain, it creates intense political pressure
on the Republicans just a month before the election," the source added.

Despite the increased subsidy, other factors may be influencing the Soviets'
reluctance to buy U.S. wheat at the low price offered by Reagan, trade analysts
said yesterday.

They said a key factor affecting the United States, as well as other grain
exporters, is a set of stricter sales rules announced by the Soviets in July.

One change would allow the Soviets to reject outright any grain shipment at the
point of delivery. Another would withhold 5 percent of the payment until
shipment quality was determined.

According to Richard Fritz, a markets analyst for U.S. Wheat Associates, a
farmer-financed export promotion organization, "The trade would not accept these
kinds of conditions." Analysts said that major export firms are talking with the
main Soviet trading agency in an effort to clarify the rules.

The original White House decision to subsidize sales to Moscow also elicited
much criticism from U.S. allies who are major players in the world wheat market.
Angry appeals by Australia and Canada, which rely heavily on wheat sales to the
Soviets, were rejected by the administration.

U.S. trade frustrations were intensified this week with recurring reports that
Canada had made a major new sale of wheat to the Soviets, probably at rates
lower than the subsidized price offered by Reagan.

A Canadian embassy official would not confirm rumors yesterday of a sale of 2.5
million tons of wheat to the Soviets. "We have a long-term agreement with the
Soviets and we sell to them all the time . . . . We don't know why there's all
the excitement," the official said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                              231 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           January 14, 2003, Tuesday

SMEARS OF NEW YORK - FROM 'GANGS' TO IRAQ WAR, IT'S SCORSESE VS. U.S.

BYLINE: Fredric U. Dicker

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 029

LENGTH: 815 words


LET'S see: Martin Scorsese's new movie demeans Lincoln's efforts to save the
nation, mocks the Union Army, sneers at volunteer soldiers, derides native-born
New Yorkers, pours scorn on firefighters and police officers and fails to find a
single person of quality among all of New York City's leaders, circa 1863.

And now Scorsese wants us to believe he's right when he said last week on BBC
radio that President Bush is wrong to take on Iraq for "the oil" and that
America allegedy refuses to "respect how other people live"?

I don't think so.

Scorsese, of course, has inflicted his muddled, interminably long, $100 million
ersatz historical spectacle-cum-deconstructive anti-American screed - a k a.
"Gangs of New York" - on millions of people around the world during the past few
weeks, including untold numbers of foreigners who will get yet another horrid
impression of the United States from Hollywood.

There's no surprise there, because that, after all, is what regularly flows from
Hollywood's historical storytelling these days: Hard facts - and the nuanced
contours which inform complex historical events - are regularly sacrificed to
the leftist shibboleths of the movie industry's dominant elite.

We're also not surprised because various forms of leftist propaganda have long
been a staple of wealth-soaked Hollywood, where such American Communist Party
cultural commissars as V.J. Jerome and John Howard Lawson once held sway over
literally hundreds of their fellow comrades.

Whether it's the guilt from their boundless fortunes or the narcissism of
international acclaim, Hollywood celebrities have long welcomed the seduction of
the anti-American hard-core political left.

However, as someone of Scorsese's fame begins his own walk down that
well-trodden, if tiresome, path (will the likes of Jane Fonda, Barbra Streisand,
Martin Sheen, Sean Penn et. al. hold a "welcome to our cell . . . errr, team"
party?), it seems only fair that some people with a different point of view
fight back.

Let's note that anti-American deconstructivism has had a long run in both
Hollywood and academia, and it was planted in both places by the political left.

Its essential argument is that everything that has gone on in America's past is
evil - racist, sexist, homophobic, anti-democratic and elitist - no matter how
progressive America actually was in the context of the times.

The purpose of the argument is simple: Demean America's past to set the stage
for a radical American present.

And that's precisely what's at the heart of Scorsese's "Gangs of New York": No
matter where one turns in circa 1863 Manhattan, one finds unrelieved ugliness.

Scorsese assures us his portrayal of 1863 New York City as hell hole is true to
real history. Funny, isn't it, that he found an "Age of Innocence" in a
fictionalized New York City in 1873 in a film by that name?

The truth is that Scorsese's frightening vision of New York City is just plain
wrong, terribly wrong, and wrong in a way that is an insult not just to earlier
New Yorkers, but to millions of Americans - then and now.

Just as Scorsese's simplistic economic determinist claims that the dark forces
of the oil industry are behind the president's desire to protect America from
the likes of Saddam Hussein are wrong and an insult to millions of patriotic
Americans, Democrats as well as Republicans.

Scorsese's "Gangs" fails to depict America as it truly was, ignoring the
wonderful intellectual vitality that developed in the 1830s and 1840s and
reached a potent maturity in the form of commutarian Utopians, Emersonian
transcendentalists, abolitionists, feminists, Freemasons, Hegelian Idealists,
and, yes, even budding new Marxian socialists.

In Scorsese's view, none of these reformers and thinkers existed in New York
City.

Put another way, New York City in the days leading up to the Civil War was the
city of such already-well-recognized figures as Herman Melville and Walt
Whitman, and not just the city of such criminals as Scorsese's Bill "The
Butcher" Cutting and Amsterdam Vallon.

And America today is the nation that is leading the fight against world
terrorism, rooting out the vicious cells that would destroy our freedoms, paying
back the butchers of 9/11 and taking on the outlaw nations who invade their
neighbors, gas their citizens, and would, if they could, enslave the world.

America is not the fictionalized caricature of an imperialistic power as
conjured up by a left-leaning Hollywood director who, having gotten it wrong in
depicting New York City 140 years ago, is now trying to tell the nation the
right thing to do on the international scene today.

Fredric U. Dicker, The Post's State Editor, holds a master's degree in American
History from the University of Massachusetts.


LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Hollywood ugliness: The director's "vision" of the Big Apple.  Miramax

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              232 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                             June 13, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Early Edition

Demeaning Weight bad move: Veteran centre was consummate professional,
charitable soul in community when he played for Oilers

BYLINE: Dan Barnes, The Edmonton Journal

SECTION: PLAYOFF PLUS; Dan Barnes; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 776  words


In all his years as captain of the Oilers, Doug Weight never once embarrassed
himself or the franchise in public.

(Anything that happened on the ice between 1993 and 1996 doesn't count, because
the entire team was pretty bloody awful at times.)

Weight was the consummate pro, committed teammate and charitable soul in the
community, like so many others who have worn the Oiler jersey and moved along to
pastures which sprout more greenbacks. He was also an elite player, so when he
bid pennywise Edmonton adieu, as part of a trade -- we hasten to add -- he was
paid a ridiculous amount of money by the pound foolish St. Louis Blues. His
departure in 2001 was one final slap in the face for small-market fans. Some
people have never gotten past that nasty bit of business, so they boo him
relentlessly every time he appears on the ice at Rexall Place.

They pay their dollar, they get to holler. In this case I think their motivation
is misplaced, but more about that later.

Because their noise on Monday night was a lot more understandable than something
Oilers president Patrick LaForge said at a pep rally earlier in the day. He
chose to tell a story that likened Weight to a wimp, except LaForge used a far
more vulgar, derogatory term to get his message across, in front of women and
children, no less.

Weight was the captain, the face and the best player of your franchise for a
good long time, Mr. LaForge. He was as professional a captain as Wayne Gretzky,
Kevin Lowe, Mark Messier, Kelly Buchberger and Craig MacTavish. To demean him in
public is bad enough. By doing it with vulgarity you only managed to embarrass
yourself, and quite likely some people in the audience. Not Weight.

Which brings us back to Rexall Place, where the fans have done themselves proud
by being loud and singing both anthems with gusto. In this place, Weight is with
the enemy, the Stanley Cup is at stake, and if 16,839 Oiler fans think they can
crawl under his skin and cause him even a millisecond's hesitation with the
puck, they'll do whatever it takes. On the surface, that looks like fans being
fans.

"That's just sports," said Ethan Moreau. "You've got to be a pretty special
player for fans to care enough to boo you. Either really good or an idiot. If
you really asked most people, they'd say they love the guy and appreciate what
he did for the team. He was a great Oiler, a great teammate and very good in the
community. But like I said, he's in hostile territory. It's not always the right
thing, but emotion comes into it. It's just the situation."

Really? Edmonton fans booed Chris Chelios in Round 1 because everybody does it.
They settled on Joe Thornton in Round 2 and Teemu Selanne in Round 3, but didn't
really get into it. Weight is their whipping boy now and he gets it far worse
than any of the previous targets. But he's not Carolina's best or most
irritating player. He's not an obvious target for anything he has done as a
member of the Hurricanes. That makes it personal, and that's why I have a
problem with the motivation.

"He's a guy everyone would love to see still in Edmonton but he went to a
big-market team for big money," said Georges Laraque. "This is something he'll
never win. In their hearts they know how big a leader he was, but in every
series fans are going to target someone and Dougie is an easy target."

Edmonton fans are incredibly selective when it comes to booing former Oilers.
They boo Mike Comrie and Jason Arnott. They booed Tom Poti even before he left
and if the Rangers ever actually come back to Edmonton, he'll get the business
too. Comrie and Arnott basically sulked their way out of town, so they'll have
to take their lumps. Poti became so timid on the ice that he couldn't play in
front of his critics anymore. Weight is a totally different story. He was as
good a player as the Oilers had in the 1990s. Explain that, please.

"I think it goes back to when Gretz left," said MacTavish. "It was a huge
ovation first game back, then the gloves were off, as it should be. It didn't
demean what he meant here as a player. (Weight) has got a lot of respect in the
community, a lot of respect in our locker-room, a lot of friendships there, but
in this situation, all bets are off. The fans do it their way which is vocally
and we try and do it our way, which is physically as best we can. I just think
it's nothing more than that. And anybody that reads any more into it is probably
misinformed."

Perhaps. The last word goes to Weight.

"I carried myself professionally. I worked hard as a teammate," he said. "I'll
take all those good things and put aside the other junk. It's not a big deal,
really."

dbarnes@thejournal.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: The Associated Press; Hurricanes centre Doug Weight celebrates his goal
as Oilers goalie Jussi Markkanen looks back during Game 2 in Raleigh, N.C.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              233 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                October 29, 1989, Sunday, SUNDAY SECOND EDITION

Young offenders get 'boot camp' U.S. Prison service tries to shock first-time
inmates to go straight by stays in harsh paramilitary jails

BYLINE: by Bob Hepburn Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. H1

LENGTH: 1299 words


   FORSYTH, Georgia - Lieut. Eddie Cash shoves his face into the nose of
17-year-old Ned Riordan - and starts screaming.

"I hate you, boy," Cash yells. "I don't like your attitude and I don't like you
one damn bit. You sound like a wimp, a woman, a worm. I believe you're a freak.
I don't care what you were on the street. This place belongs to us. These are
our rules, our laws."

Riordan mumbles that he may throw up.

"You make me sick, boy," hollers Cash, the veins on his thick neck bulging and
the sweat pouring off his forehead. "You understand that, boy?"

"Siryessir," the short, pale youth replies weakly as his knees and hands shake
visibly.

It is Riordan's first minutes at "boot camp," a frightening experience he will
never forget.

But this is not the U.S. Army; this is prison.

'Shock incarceration'

For the next 90 days, Riordan and the six other new inmates who arrived early
one morning last week this paramilitary prison 100 kilometres (60 miles) south
of Atlanta will be humiliated, ridiculed, forced to march in double-time lock
step, driven to their physical limits, and ordered to perform hard and menial
labor.

The goal is to straighten out young, first-time offenders by giving them a taste
of harsh prison life and teaching them self-discipline.

Boot camp, or "shock incarceration" as it is officially called, is the latest
fad in American penal reform. Twelve states now use such programs and another 27
are seriously studying them.

Supporters, including President George Bush and U.S. drug czar William Bennett,
contend the boot-camp prisons are huge successes. "It's a serious form of public
penance aimed at building character," Bennett said last May. He is making the
camps a key part of his war on illegal drugs.

'Demean people'

Critics, however, charge the boot camps are dehumanizing flops.

"There is no proof that boot camps work," said Jerry Miller, director of the
National Centre on Institutions and Alternatives in Alexandria, Va.

"They are made for people like Ronald Reagan: they look good, sound tough, seem
compassionate. But in fact they demean people," he said in an interview.

At the Al Burruss Correctional Training Centew in Forsyth, 150 males between the
ages of 17 and 25 years of age are imprisoned behind high wire fences with
barbed-wire rolls on top.

Georgia prison authorities allowed The Star to spend a day behind the gates at
the centre. The officials set no conditions on what could be viewed or which
prisoners could be interviewed.

Most inmates are small-time criminals. Their crimes mainly are drug-related:
using them, selling them, or stealing to get money to buy them. No violent
criminals, such as murderers or rapists, are here. All come voluntarily on a
judge's recommendation. The incentive is that after 90 days are up, they are
released on probation.

Their choice is simple: 90 days in boot camp or three to five years in a normal
prison.

Inmates are awakened at 5 a.m. in their small spartan cells. For the next 17
hours, they are run through army-style drills, physical exercises,
cell-inspections and intense work details ranging from laying sod to washing
dishes. They attend drug-rehabilitation classes and psychological therapy.
Lights are out at 10 p.m. sharp.

No privileges

There is no talking to other inmates, no television or radio, no soft drinks,
candy or cigarettes, no educational courses, no job training, and no family
visits for the first six weeks.

Riordan was convicted of selling cocaine. He is a Grade 9 dropout who started
using cocaine when he was 13. When he arrived at the boot camp, he had $5.05 in
his pockets. He carried a red Bible given to him by a chaplain.

Four other new prisoners are guilty of selling drugs or stealing money to feed
their drug habit. A 19-year-old married man, who has a small child, was
convicted of stealing a Ford Trans Am for a four-hour joy ride. Another youth,
reed-thin, is here for aggravated assault.

Profane tirade

The first thing they hear is a volley of profanity that is frightening even to
watch as an outsider.

"Get your lazy asses out here," Eddie Cash shouts as he orders the inmates to
stand at attention along a barren concrete wall.

For the next hour, he unleashes a non-stop tirade. "You smell like you've been
living with a goat," he snarls at Jerry Cox, 19.

"That's a goddamn shame," he hisses, pointing at Randolph Henderson after
ordered him pull up his T-shirt to expose overflowing rolls of fat.

Then Cash orders the inmates to strip naked. He sprays a de-lousing fluid on
their heads and groins and sends them into a shower. Next, an assistant shaves
their heads bald.

"It's deplorable, humiliating and ridiculous," Capt. Gary White said of the
indoctrination session. "But at this age, it's one of the few things that really
gets to them."

Georgia was the first state to adopt the boot camps and is expanding the program
as fast as it can build new facilities.

David Hughes, administrative assistant for the Georgia Department of
Corrections, said the aim of the program is to teach self-discipline by
subjecting the inmates to the "roughest 90 days of their lives."

Hughes insisted the boot-camp approach is a success because the rate at which
its graduates return to prison is almost identical to that of regular jails.

"We are doing in 90 days what it is taking five years in a real prison, but we
are turning the bed over four times a year," he said.

Dale Parent, author of a major study on boot camps for the U.S. National
Institute of Justice, said almost 39 per cent of the Georgia boot-camp graduates
returned to prison. For graduates in their teens when admitted, 46.8 per cent
were sent back to prison within three years.

Success unclear

"To some," Parent wrote, "the appeal (of boot camps) stems from nostalgia about
an important experience in their youth. To others, it stems from a principled
belief that military basic training can cause lasting behavioral change. If
their youth boot camp 'made men' out of them, they assume shock incarceration
will do the same for today's young offenders.

"Whether boot camps programs serve a similar function for offenders is not yet
clear."

At Forsyth, inmates claim they are learning about themselves as they serve their
sentences.

Eddie Wharton, a 24-year-old auto mechanic from Stone Mountain, Ga., said he was
totally scared on his first day. "I felt there was no way I'm going to make it,"
he said. "I felt I'd rather be dead."

Wharton, who is here for violating his probation on a cocaine possession
conviction, said he is aware of several inmates who won't benefit from the
program. "But for anyone, you can't walk away from this untouched. For me, it
shattered the cozy world I was living in."

In Canada, interest is growing in get-tough approaches to young offenders,
according to Paul Gendereau, a psychologist in Saint John, N.B., who has studied
prisons in Canada and the U.S.

But Gendereau predicted the movement won't go as far as it has in the United
States. "There will be no shock incarceration," he said. "The trend is quite the
opposite, to get offenders into community-based programs. The U.S. is far more
punishment-oriented in its rehabilitation. It's very macho."

Pat Gilliard, executive director for the Clearinghouse on Georgia Prisons and
Jails, said in an interview the boot-camp programs are failing because there is
little help or supervision for the inmates once they are freed.

"Only 20 to 30 per cent of the kids need to be there," she said. "Most are in
for crimes involving less than $500."

What worries her most is the rapidly rising rate at which boot-camp graduates
are returning to lives of crimes.

Said Gilliard: "Something is wrong."

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: UPI PHOTO: Prison officer shouts orders to new inmate at Bushnell,
Florida jail,

                  Copyright 1989 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              234 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   August 23, 1995, Wednesday, Final Edition

Speech Police for Lawyers

Nat Hentoff

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. A23

LENGTH: 753 words


Colleges and universities must now proceed at their peril if they enact codes
punishing speech that might demean other students' race, sex, religion or sexual
orientation, among other categories. Courts, declaring these attempts to enforce
civility overly vague, have ruled them invalid.

Nonetheless, the 117-year-old American Bar Association -- with a membership of
370,000 attorneys -- has decided to monitor the language of its ranks. Despite
the ABA's record of advocacy for free speech, its House of Delegates has
recently revived "political correctness" by passing a resolution
enthusiastically offered by its Young Lawyers Division, one of the largest in
the ABA.

The resolution condemns bias -- in words or conduct -- by lawyers in the course
of their professional activities on the basis of "race, religion, national
origin, disability, age, sexual orientation or socio-economic status."

The only exception to the forbidden use of offensive words is when they "are
otherwise permissible as legitimate advocacy on behalf of a client or cause."
("Legitimate advocacy" is intriguingly undefined, as is the more problematic
"illegitimate advocacy.")

As the ever vigilant Young Lawyers Division points out in an accompanying
report, lawyers' words under this resolution must "be regulated both inside and
outside the courtroom. . . . in every circumstance where a lawyer is present by
reason, either in whole or in part" because of his or her status as a lawyer.
(How can one be sure which part is the lawyer?)

One huge problem with this reckless resolution -- which demeans the ABA and
therefore its members -- is that it does not provide any clear definition of
when a lawyer can be charged with violating its overly broad language.

I asked a number of the speech code's proponents if there will be a list of
impermissible words and phrases that an ABA member may consult before he or she
speaks "inside and outside the courtroom."

I was told there is no such list or any set of specific guidelines. Yet as any
law student knows, you can't be convicted of breaking a law that is too vague to
be understood.

Furthermore, since this ABA resolution is not limited to exchanges in
courtrooms, it is a policy without boundaries. Ronald Rotunda -- a law professor
at the University of Illinois, active on ABA committees and a guardian of the
First Amendment in all seasons -- provided this hypothetical in the Wall Street
Journal:

"If two lawyers are discussing tax policy, and one says, 'We should reform
welfare because some of its recipients are lazy,' he has violated the ABA policy
because he has manifested 'by words' an indication of bias based on
socio-economic status."

I put this hypothetical to George Kuhlman, chief ethics counsel of the ABA. He
agreed that Rotunda was correct. The use of "lazy" in that context would be
speech unbecoming an ABA member.

Kuhlman added, however, that this speech code is not part of the ABA's Model
Rules of Professional Conduct. Therefore, there are no actual punishments. The
code, Kuhlman stressed, is "aspirational."

A leading member of the Young Lawyers Division told me, however, that in time
this resolution will be moved as an amendment to the Model Rules and that if it
passes, there will indeed be sanctions for ABA members, young and old, who do
not hold their tongues.

But sanctions may well accompany the speech code just as it is now. In the July
17 National Law Journal, Gail Diane Cox reported that even codes that have not
yet become part of the Model Rules of Professional Conduct can get lawyers into
trouble. She quotes Seth Rosner, chair of the ABA's professionalism committee:

"Stories come back to us about judges who, once they had something in writing
from a bar group, imposed sanctions. It just makes them feel more comfortable
about moving against lawyers who go too far."

Dissidents at the ABA predict that the new speech code will also be used in some
disciplinary proceedings against lawyers around the country -- even though it is
supposed to be only "aspirational."

Defending the policy of deploying speech police within the ABA, one of its
officials told me, with asperity, that "some people go too far in protecting the
First Amendment." But it's more dangerous, I suggested, when the powerful
American Bar Association goes in the opposite direction. Consider the example
set for the nation when its most visible group of lawyers diminishes free speech
in the name of a greater good.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                              235 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 November 24, 1992, TUESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

AMERICA IS NOT A CHRISTIAN NATION

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 337 words


Mississippi Gov. Kirk Fordice has apologized for his insistence that America is
a Christian nation. But the episode highlights once again how intolerance and
the refusal to accept diversity are divisive forces that must be left behind.
This nation's history is rooted in religious and cultural freedom. It will
remain strong only if that foundation is respected.  The latest flap began last
week at a meeting of Republican governors in Wisconsin, where Mr. Fordice said:
"The less we emphasize the Christian religion the further we fall into the abyss
of poor character and chaos in the United States of America." Gov. Carroll A.
Campbell Jr. of South Carolina tried to amend the remarks by substituting the
word "Judeo-Christian" for Christian, but Gov. Fordice wanted no part of that
change. He was heard to say, "If I wanted to do that I would have done it." To
their credit, other members of the group and officials of the Republican Party
were quick to disavow Gov. Fordice's remarks. A statement released by GOP
Chairman Richard Bond and other party officials, including Missouri Gov.  John
Ashcroft, said that "we believe . . . in the Judeo-Christian heritage that
informs our culture" and "we reject any statement that demeans Americans on the
basis of religious beliefs." Gov. Fordice himself issued an apology a day later,
saying that, by his remarks he had only meant that "the overwhelming majority of
Americans say they are Christians and that Christian values and beliefs should
not be denigrated." That statement is certainly true, but it overlooks the main
point. Everyone should understand that different beliefs need not denigrate each
other; they can complement each other, as well as add to the rich mosaic of
American life.  A strong Judeo-Christian heritage cannot be used to exclude or
demean today's Americans who have different religions, or no religion at all.
All public officials must use every opportunity to fight the wrongheaded but
common attitude shown in Gov. Fordice's remarks.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              236 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                     June 27, 2003 Friday National Edition

U.S. court overturns bans on gay sex: Dissenting judge warns country could end
up like Canada

SOURCE: National Post

BYLINE: Peter Goodspeed

SECTION: News; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 861 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON - In a ruling condemned by one dissenting justice as making the
United States more like Canada, the U.S. Supreme Court yesterday struck down a
Texas law banning gay sex, saying it was an unconstitutional violation of
privacy.

Justice Antonin Scalia, who disagreed with the ruling, wrote a dissenting
opinion in which he warned the judgment "effectively decrees the end of all
morals legislation" in the United States and predicted it could pave the way for
the "judicial imposition of homosexual marriage, as has recently occurred in
Canada."

The decision overturned all laws in the United States banning both homosexual
and heterosexual anal and oral sex.

It effectively reverses a 17-year-old Supreme Court ruling that said it was
legal for states to punish what they regarded as deviant sexual practices.

Instead, the Supreme Court opted to enshrine a broad constitutional right to
sexual privacy.

The ruling is bound to touch off storms of protest and celebration across the
United States.

Gay rights activists said it marks a major cultural shift as much as it signals
a legal change in the status of homosexuals and lesbians.

"This is a historic day," said Ruth Harlow, a lawyer for the Lambda Legal
Defense & Education Fund, which represented the two gay men who challenged the
Texas law.

"What the court did today is to recognize the basic humanity of gay people."

The case involved a 1998 incident near Houston.

Police, responding to a neighbour's malicious report of a gunman "going crazy,"
broke into John Geddes Lawrence's apartment and found him having sex with Tyron
Garner.

The two men spent a night in jail and were convicted of a misdemeanour sex
charge under a Texas law that banned "deviate sexual intercourse with another
individual of the same sex." They were fined US$200 each.

The Supreme Court said the Texas law punished homosexual couples for engaging in
sex acts that are legal for heterosexuals.

It also ruled the Constitution's due process clause gives homosexuals "the full
right to engage in private conduct without government intervention."

The Texas law "demeans the lives of homosexual persons," said Justice Anthony
Kennedy, who penned the majority decision, adding homosexuals "are entitled to
respect for their private lives."

"The state cannot demean their existence or control their destiny by making
their private sexual conduct a crime."

The Texas law sought "to control a personal relationship that, whether or not
entitled to formal recognition in the law, is within the liberty of persons to
choose without being punished as criminals," the judgment said.

The court ruled "the Constitution allows homosexual persons the right to choose
to enter upon relationships in the confines of their homes and their own private
lives and still retain their dignity as free persons."

Justices John Stevens, David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer
sided with Justice Kennedy in full.

Justice Sandra Day O'Connor agreed with the outcome of the case, but argued the
deciding factor should have been that it was unfair to punish oral and anal sex
between homosexuals but not the same conduct between heterosexuals.

Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Scalia and Clarence Thomas
dissented.

Writing the dissenting opinion, Justice Scalia argued the Texas law was "well
within the range of traditional democratic action" and should not have been
overturned.

The Supreme Court's new ruling is "the product of a law-profession culture that
has largely signed on to the so-called homosexual agenda" and reflected the
court's decision to "take sides in the culture war."

"Today's opinion dismantles the structure of constitutional law that has
permitted a distinction to be made between heterosexual and homosexual unions,"
Justice Scalia said. "This reasoning leaves on shaky, pretty shaky, grounds
state laws limiting marriage to opposite-sex couples."

Lawyers for the state of Texas argued the law promoted the institutions of
marriage and family. They also said communities have the right to choose their
own standards.

"Apparently they have gone the whole route and fully legitimized sodomy in
America," said Scott Lively, director of the Pro Family Law Center. "This is
going to have terrible consequences for our nation. In essence, the court has
said that states cannot regulate harmful sexual conduct."

Gay rights activists view the case as an opportunity to expand the definition of
basic individual rights to include sexual conduct.

"There is not a gay person in this country who has not lived their entire life
under the yoke of these laws existing somewhere," said Kate Kendall, executive
director of the National Center for Lesbian Rights.

Before 1961, every state had laws forbidding homosexual sex. Since then, most
have repealed their anti-sodomy laws.

Of the 13 states that still have such laws, Texas, Kansas, Oklahoma and Missouri
prohibit oral and anal sex between same-sex couples only.

The other nine -- Alabama, Florida, Idaho, Louisiana, Mississippi, North
Carolina, South Carolina, Utah and Virginia --banned consensual sodomy for
everyone.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White Photo: Evan Vucci, Reuters; Reverend Rob Schenck,
president of the National Clergy Council, preaches outside the Supreme Court in
Washington yesterday. In a landmark decision, the U.S. Supreme Court struck down
sodomy laws that make it a crime for gays to have consensual sex in their own
homes.

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2003 National Post, All Rights Reserved


                              237 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           The Ledger (Lakeland, FL)

                           December 9, 2003, Tuesday

NURSE ACCUSES LRMC OF DISCRIMINATION

BYLINE: JEFF SCULLIN The Ledger

SECTION: Metro; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 726 words


BARTOW -- An emergency-room nurse has sued Lakeland Regional Medical Center and
two hospital administrators claiming racial discrimination, charging that a gag
gift she received at an awards banquet last year amounts to harassment.

In her lawsuit filed Oct. 15 in Civil Court in Bartow, Phyllis Miller claimed
that Marge Keck and Babs Rockhill, the hospital managers who were hosting the
Dec. 14, 2002, banquet, gave her a stuffed monkey holding a baby monkey in
recognition of her volunteer efforts with a group known as the Lake Alfred Kids.

The lawsuit seeks more than $ 15,000 in damages and names the hospital, Keck and
Rockhill as defendants.

Miller, who is black, has provided medical care and raised money for the group,
which predominantly serves underprivileged, minority children.

Her "award," presented in front of more than 100 co-workers and their spouses,
was one of several demeaning gifts given out, Miller said in her lawsuit.

Other gag gifts included a toy foot with a twinkling toe, given to a gay
employee; a squealing pig, given to a minority employee who had filed an Equal
Employment Opportunity Commission complaint against the hospital; and a hippo
with huge eyes, given to a minority employee with bulging eyes, according to
Miller's lawsuit.

"In light of the other gifts presented ... there is no question of the intent of
the 'award,"' Miller said in her lawsuit. "(The) gag gifts (were) specifically
intended to harass, insult, demean and embarrass" the recipients.

Stephen Senn, a lawyer representing the hospital, declined to comment on the
pending litigation.

But in an April 29 response to Miller's EEOC complaint, Senn said, "The gift to
Ms. Miller was made with no intent to demean or even remark upon her race, but
was selected simply because it was thought by the giver to reflect Ms. Miller's
giving nature."

Senn's letter said Keck, whom he identified as the leader of the hospital's
emergency services department, apologized in writing to Miller three days after
the banquet.

When Miller complained about the gift to Ed Goodmote, the hospital vice
president who oversees the emergency department, the hospital initiated an
investigation, with which Miller refused to cooperate, Senn said.

Though Miller alluded to other instances of harassment while speaking to
Goodmote, she gave no examples of incidents she found offensive, Senn wrote.

The subsequent hospital investigation concluded that Keck should be more
cautious in the future about how her actions might be perceived but that a
hostile work environment did not exist at the hospital.

On Nov. 24, Lakeland Regional filed a motion to dismiss Miller's complaint. A
hearing is set for Jan. 13, 2004.

In its motion, the hospital argued that Miller had not followed proper
procedures in filing her lawsuit and that she had not suffered "sufficiently
egregious or continuous workplace harassment" to give rise to a claim of racial
harassment under Florida law.

The hospital argued that Miller did not exhaust her administrative remedies,
such as allowing the federal EEOC to take action, before filing her lawsuit, as
the law requires.

Miller filed a joint complaint to the EEOC and the Florida Commission on Human
Relations on March 21. Three days later, her St. Petersburg lawyer, Brad Salter,
sent the EEOC a letter asking for permission to sue the hospital.

The EEOC sent Miller a letter on May 2 giving her permission to sue, explaining
that her complaint was being terminated because the agency would not be able to
complete its investigation within 180 days.

Salter said he did not ask the EEOC to back off Miller's complaint so she could
sue the hospital.

"There was no determination by any governmental entity that they weren't going
to take action," he said. "We have no indication that they passed on it at all."

Salter said Miller, who could not be reached for comment, continues to work at
Lakeland Regional.

He said her lawsuit states that she continues to be subjected to racial
harassment and discrimination at work, though he declined to give any specific
examples.

In fact, Miller's lawsuit says that Miller had endured "severe emotional
distress, mental anguish (and) loss of dignity" and the damages are ongoing.

Jeff Scullin can be reached at jeff.scullin@theledger.com or 863-533-9079.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2003 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                              238 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                            March 12, 2016 Saturday

John Roughan: The Donald"s just taking the mickey

SECTION: NEWS; General

LENGTH: 788 words


Over the past two weeks Donald Trump has come through the toughest political
test Americans have probably seen. His party"s previous presidential nominees
publicly repudiated him. His nearest rivals for this year"s nomination teamed up
to tear him apart in a televised debate. Political commentary went beyond
describing him as unqualified or unsuited for office to imply dangers much
darker.

Commentaries have extracted implications of racism, misogyny, even fascism, from
some of his careless dumb remarks and responses to questions.

None of it has made the slightest difference. Trump won two more primaries this
week and looks set to vanquish his most electable rival, Marco Rubio, in Florida
on Tuesday.

Trump is not only beating all rivals for the Republican nomination, he is
laughing at conventional political commentary. So are the legions of ordinary
Americans who are voting for him. They read the commentaries and don"t believe
them. They know, as does Trump, that respectable political analysts cannot bring
themselves to explain the real reason they find him unsuitable. Their real
reason is not political but cultural.

Trump is the Ugly American. He is gross, boastful, obnoxious, wilfully ignorant
and rich enough not to care. He also looks bad. He may not be able to help his
bloated features, narrow eyes and small mouth but he could do something about
the hair.

Political commentary likes to pretend appearances don"t matter but it is a long
time since Americans elected a President without hair. Trump is at the other end
of the spectrum. It clearly mattered to Mitt Romney last week that, "all we get
(from Trump) is a lousy hat".

Elections express more than a nation"s preference for a person, a party and a
set of policies to govern it. Elections express the kind of people they are.
Many Americans are mortally embarrassed to think their country might give the
presidency to Donald Trump, many others appear to like the idea. It is not
political for either side, its cultural.

Political commentary likes to pretend appearances don"t matter but it is a long
time since Americans elected a President without hair.

And it extends beyond America. All around the world people who care for politics
do not want to see Trump in the White House. The Left and Right are agreed for
once, that he would demean the world"s most prestigious political office.

The Left and the non-religious Right would also be dismayed if Ted Cruz, his
likely last remaining rival after Florida, was to win the nomination. Cruz is a
serious Christian conservative but he is in the political culture. He might look
like a snake oil salesman and talk like a southern preacher but he wouldn"t
demean the office. He"d be presidential.

Commentary that discusses Trump in purely political terms has offered two
explanations for his success. One, that his supporters are being duped by a
master illusionist and the other, that he has tapped into a seething discontent
with America"s politics, economy and its power in the world. Trump"s rhetoric
supports both views but neither explanation gets to the nub of it.

The first is insulting the intelligence of Trump supporters. Without doubt he is
drawing to the primaries many Americans who don"t normally take enough interest
to vote in these preliminary contests, and don"t take more than a passing
interest in politics at the best of times. But they are not fools. They like his
style. And it is funny. Even many who don"t admire it find it endlessly
entertaining.

When he vows to "build a wall" on the Mexican border his audiences whoop and
cheer, and when he adds, "and Mexico will pay for it", they whoop even more. But
I bet they don"t really believe it. If they took it seriously they would want to
know more about it, like why would Mexico pay for it. But they don"t ask. They
know it is a fantasy, and they know he knows it is. Americans are glad that two
vast oceans separate them from most of the troubles of the world and they wish
the moat extended all the way around. They know it is not going to happen but
they like the illusion.

As for the second explanation, if they were really seething with rebellion over
America"s politics, economy and power in the world, they have, or had, more
serious candidates than Trump, and when it comes to building up the military,
crushing Isis, reneging on the Iran nuclear deal, threatening China, opposing
trade deals and securing the borders, Rubio and Cruz concede nothing to Trump.

It is mostly just election talk and every observer, including Trump supporters,
know it will have to be moderated for the general election and reconciled with
common sense in office. So why is it so appalling? Because he is. And if
Americans elect him it will demean them.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              239 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                           August 22, 2007 Wednesday

Comedy anchored in reality

BYLINE: Vinay Menon, Toronto Star

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. E04

LENGTH: 604 words


The concept: swimsuit hottie with no experience in journalism hired to anchor
local newscast.

Why? People, I stopped asking "why" sometime around Temptation Island.

Anchorwoman (Fox, 8 tonight) is being promoted as a new "comedy-reality hybrid."
This, I suppose, is easier to market than "a show in which non-actors say things
that sound genuine but are scripted in situations that seem real but are
contrived."

At the center of this tempest in a D-cup is Lauren Jones: WWE diva, former model
on The Price is Right and, allegedly, an aspiring Walter Cronkite.

Mind you, I'm quite certain Mr. Cronkite knows if he is or is not left-handed.
And I can't recall a time when he used air quotes during a segment on foreign
policy. Or signed off by blowing kisses to the camera. Or arrived at work in a
red miniskirt and plunging leopard-print blouse.

Anyway, ground zero for this manufactured mayhem is KYTX Channel 19, a CBS
affiliate in Tyler, Tex. As Phil Hurley, the station's general manager, explains
in tonight's premiere, he hired Jones to revive moribund ratings. (Note:
Anchorwoman was taped earlier this summer. Jones's first newscast was June 11.)

Before Jones sashays into Tyler to crack stupid and alienate priggish
co-workers, we need a few set-up scenes. You know, so producers can showcase
Jones in her natural habitat: swigging cocktails in L.A., walking on a
treadmill, waxing giddily about the new gig.

"And I'm so opinionated this is such a good opportunity for me to really voice
my opinion about things like, I don't know, terrorism!" she squeals.

I can hear it now: "Good evening. My name is Lauren Jones. Terrorism sucks more
than a fake Gucci purse!"

Meanwhile, to propel the artificial storylines, KYTX employees are captured in
various states of professional distress, scandalized by the unseemly prospect of
their news division hiring somebody on the basis of appearance.

As anchor Annalisa Petralia observes: "Journalistic credibility is what
everything I do here stands for." Adds news director Dan Delgado: "Credibility
is something you earn."

Right. You know what else can be earned when an obscure, local station partners
with the big boys to create an insipid TV show? Lucrative remuneration packages,
so-called rental fees, talent stipends, free publicity and national exposure for
anybody who - I'm speculating - may seek employment in a bigger market.

Which brings us to the sanctimonious droning.

Does Anchorwoman make a mockery of broadcast news? No. Broadcast news does an
excellent job making a mockery of itself. Does this hiring violate journalistic
ethics? Again, no. The station announced this ridiculous experiment in advance.
Let us also remember that Jones was only there for 30 days; not so much a
"hiring" as a made-for-TV internship. And a final note to those inclined to make
value judgments: KYTX employs one Stormy the Weather Dog.

So does Anchorwoman demean women? Again, no. But it does demean another group:
long-suffering TV viewers of both sexes who fondly remember a time when
"reality" television was exciting.

The real problem with Anchorwoman is there's no conflict. Jones wasn't coerced
by Fox and KYTX: she really wants to be a journalist! KYTX isn't some vaunted
PBS affiliate: it only began airing newscasts three years ago and currently gets
annihilated by the competition.

Anchorwoman isn't a swipe at the public trust. It's a publicity stunt.

"You know, every time I advertise for a reporter's position I'll probably get 75
to 100 tapes," says Delgado. "It doesn't take long to figure out who's trying to
be on TV and who's trying to be a journalist."

Exactly.

vmenon @ thestar.ca

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  WWE diva Lauren Jones's real-life 30-day internship at a Texas TV
station is played for laughs in Anchorwoman.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2007 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              240 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                       June 27, 2003 Friday Final Edition

Top U.S. court allows gay sex: Dissenting judge says controversial decision
makes U.S. 'more like Canada'

SOURCE: CanWest News Service

BYLINE: Peter Goodspeed

SECTION: News; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 458 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON - In a ruling condemned by one dissenting justice as making the
United States more like Canada, the U.S. Supreme Court struck down Thursday a
Texas law banning gay sex, saying it was an unconstitutional violation of
privacy.

Justice Antonin Scalia wrote a dissenting opinion in which he warned the
judgment "effectively decrees the end of all morals legislation" in the United
States and predicted it could pave the way for the "judicial imposition of
homosexual marriage, as has recently occurred in Canada."

The decision overturned all laws in the United States banning both homosexual
and heterosexual anal and oral sex.

It effectively reverses a 1986 Supreme Court ruling that allowed states to
punish what they regarded as deviant sexual practices. Instead, the Supreme
Court opted to enshrine a broad constitutional right to sexual privacy.

Gay rights activists said it marks a major cultural shift as much as it signals
a legal change in the status of homosexuals and lesbians.

"This is a historic day," said Ruth Harlow, a lawyer for the Lambda Legal
Defence & Education Fund, which represented the two gay men who challenged the
Texas law. "What the court did today is to recognize the basic humanity of gay
people."

The case involved a 1998 incident near Houston. Police, responding to a
neighbour's malicious report of a gunman "going crazy," broke into John Geddes
Lawrence's apartment and found him having anal sex with Tyron Garner.

The two spent a night in jail and were convicted of a misdemeanour sex charge
under a Texas law that banned "deviate sexual intercourse with another
individual of the same sex." They were fined $200 US each.

The Supreme Court said the Texas law punished homosexual couples for engaging in
sex acts that are legal for heterosexuals. It also ruled the Constitution's due
process clause gives homosexuals "the full right to engage in private conduct
without government intervention."

The Texas law "demeans the lives of homosexual persons," said Justice Anthony
Kennedy, who penned the majority decision, adding homosexuals "are entitled to
respect for their private lives."

"The state cannot demean their existence or control their destiny by making
their private sexual conduct a crime."

The Texas law sought "to control a personal relationship that, whether or not
entitled to formal recognition in the law, is within the liberty of persons to
choose without being punished as criminals," the judgment said.

The court ruled "the Constitution allows homosexual persons the right to choose
to enter upon relationships in the confines of their homes and their own private
lives and still retain their dignity as free persons."

pgoodspeed@nationalpost.com

National Post

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colour Photo: The Associated Press; John Lawrence, right, and Tyron
Garner, left, applaud a speaker during a rally at City Hall in Houston for their
Supreme Court victory over sodomy laws on Thursday.

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              241 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

DON'T POST WITHOUT RONZIO APPROVAL: Maine woman sues labor secretary in dispute
with ex-employer

BYLINE: Beth Brogan BDN Staff

LENGTH: 740 words


PORTLAND, Maine -- A dental hygienist suing her former employer, a Bath dentist,
for damaging her professional reputation has filed suit against U.S. Department
of Labor Secretary Thomas E. Perez, seeking to compel the federal government to
allow a former safety inspector to testify in the state suit.


Dorothy Shafran of Portland is suing Dr. Tammy Cook of Bath Family Dental for
personal and professional damages after violating her rights under Maine's
whistleblower statute. Shafran claims that after Cook fired Shafran, Cook "began
a campaign to discredit and demean" Shafran to dentists, patients and the Maine
Board of Dental Examiners.


Shafran was fired by Cook in October 2011 after an inspection of Bath Family
Dental by officials from the Occupational, Safety and Health Administration. The
inspection was prompted by complaints filed by Shafran and hygienist Chelsea
Huntington alleging health and safety hazards at the practice.


The Department of Labor subsequently sued Cook in 2012, charging her with
violating the whistleblower act by retaliating against the hygienists for making
the complaint.


In 2013, Cook settled the suit and agreed to pay the two hygienists $72,000 in
back wages and withdraw a complaint she filed against Shafran that claimed
Shafran had violated her license, according to court documents.


Shafran then filed a complaint with the Maine Human Rights Commission alleging
retaliation, and filed suit against Cook in Cumberland County Superior Court
seeking damages for "economic loss, mental suffering, humiliation, embarrassment
and damage to her professional reputation and standing" as a result of Cook's
"campaign to discredit and demean" her.


During a three-day trial in November 2015, attorney Eric Mehnert, who represents
Shafran, attempted to introduce as evidence a report filed by now-retired OSHA
compliance officer John Newton from the 2011 inspection of Cook's office.


According to the report, filed as an exhibit in the federal court case, Newton
wrote of the 2011 inspection that Cook told him she knew who had filed the
complaint and planned to fire them. When the inspector told Cook that
whistleblowers are protected under federal law, Cook allegedly told him, "Well,
I'll fire her for something else then."


Newton wrote in his report, "To say Dr. Cook was upset and angry that an
employee had filed an OSHA complaint against her would be an understatement.  In
my 31 years at OSHA I have never experienced an employer who expressed such
anger and belligerence toward OSHA and toward employees who had filed a
complaint."


Mehnert asked the U.S. Department of Labor to allow Newton and Karen Billups,
OSHA's assistant area director at the time, to testify in Cook's Superior Court
case, but the Department of Labor denied the request, Mehnert said Monday.


In November, Cumberland County Superior Court Justice Nancy Mills disallowed the
report unless Newton was available to be cross-examined by Cook's counsel,
according to Mehnert. Mills continued the trial to allow Mehnert to attempt to
get Newton to testify.


Mehnert said Monday that Shafran's Superior Court case seeks damages for
"emotional distress" that resulted from the complaint Cook filed -- and then
withdrew -- as well as additional lost wages for the time she could not find a
new position. He said the agreement worked out between Cook and OSHA only
requires Cook to pay Shafran about $500 per month of the back wages she is owed.


"Quite frankly, it's not quite right that someone used the system the way Dr.
Cook did," Mehnert said.


The Department of Labor did not return phone calls.


But Robert Kline, who represents Tammy Cook in the Superior Court case filed by
Shafran, said the "very contentious and unfortunate situation feels to us as
though it's vindictive."


Kline said that although Cook settled the Department of Labor suit, "she denied
she did anything wrong and denied that she retaliated against anyone." He said
Shafran sued Cook for filing a complaint against her "long after Ms. Shafran had
been on the scene."


"Dr. Cook is continuing to pay these two employees pursuant to that settlement,
so we've tried to move on and wish everyone success in their respective
careers," Kline said. "We view it as very unfortunate that there's still a
perpetuation of whatever it is they think they need to address. It's expensive,
it's disruptive and it's distracting. What would motivate this except
vindictiveness, I don't know."


Â

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              242 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

DON'T POST WITHOUT RONZIO APPROVAL: Maine woman sues labor secretary in dispute
with ex-employer

BYLINE: Beth Brogan BDN Staff

LENGTH: 740 words


PORTLAND, Maine -- A dental hygienist suing her former employer, a Bath dentist,
for damaging her professional reputation has filed suit against U.S. Department
of Labor Secretary Thomas E. Perez, seeking to compel the federal government to
allow a former safety inspector to testify in the state suit.


Dorothy Shafran of Portland is suing Dr. Tammy Cook of Bath Family Dental for
personal and professional damages after violating her rights under Maine's
whistleblower statute. Shafran claims that after Cook fired Shafran, Cook "began
a campaign to discredit and demean" Shafran to dentists, patients and the Maine
Board of Dental Examiners.


Shafran was fired by Cook in October 2011 after an inspection of Bath Family
Dental by officials from the Occupational, Safety and Health Administration. The
inspection was prompted by complaints filed by Shafran and hygienist Chelsea
Huntington alleging health and safety hazards at the practice.


The Department of Labor subsequently sued Cook in 2012, charging her with
violating the whistleblower act by retaliating against the hygienists for making
the complaint.


In 2013, Cook settled the suit and agreed to pay the two hygienists $72,000 in
back wages and withdraw a complaint she filed against Shafran that claimed
Shafran had violated her license, according to court documents.


Shafran then filed a complaint with the Maine Human Rights Commission alleging
retaliation, and filed suit against Cook in Cumberland County Superior Court
seeking damages for "economic loss, mental suffering, humiliation, embarrassment
and damage to her professional reputation and standing" as a result of Cook's
"campaign to discredit and demean" her.


During a three-day trial in November 2015, attorney Eric Mehnert, who represents
Shafran, attempted to introduce as evidence a report filed by now-retired OSHA
compliance officer John Newton from the 2011 inspection of Cook's office.


According to the report, filed as an exhibit in the federal court case, Newton
wrote of the 2011 inspection that Cook told him she knew who had filed the
complaint and planned to fire them. When the inspector told Cook that
whistleblowers are protected under federal law, Cook allegedly told him, "Well,
I'll fire her for something else then."


Newton wrote in his report, "To say Dr. Cook was upset and angry that an
employee had filed an OSHA complaint against her would be an understatement.  In
my 31 years at OSHA I have never experienced an employer who expressed such
anger and belligerence toward OSHA and toward employees who had filed a
complaint."


Mehnert asked the U.S. Department of Labor to allow Newton and Karen Billups,
OSHA's assistant area director at the time, to testify in Cook's Superior Court
case, but the Department of Labor denied the request, Mehnert said Monday.


In November, Cumberland County Superior Court Justice Nancy Mills disallowed the
report unless Newton was available to be cross-examined by Cook's counsel,
according to Mehnert. Mills continued the trial to allow Mehnert to attempt to
get Newton to testify.


Mehnert said Monday that Shafran's Superior Court case seeks damages for
"emotional distress" that resulted from the complaint Cook filed -- and then
withdrew -- as well as additional lost wages for the time she could not find a
new position. He said the agreement worked out between Cook and OSHA only
requires Cook to pay Shafran about $500 per month of the back wages she is owed.


"Quite frankly, it's not quite right that someone used the system the way Dr.
Cook did," Mehnert said.


The Department of Labor did not return phone calls.


But Robert Kline, who represents Tammy Cook in the Superior Court case filed by
Shafran, said the "very contentious and unfortunate situation feels to us as
though it's vindictive."


Kline said that although Cook settled the Department of Labor suit, "she denied
she did anything wrong and denied that she retaliated against anyone." He said
Shafran sued Cook for filing a complaint against her "long after Ms. Shafran had
been on the scene."


"Dr. Cook is continuing to pay these two employees pursuant to that settlement,
so we've tried to move on and wish everyone success in their respective
careers," Kline said. "We view it as very unfortunate that there's still a
perpetuation of whatever it is they think they need to address. It's expensive,
it's disruptive and it's distracting. What would motivate this except
vindictiveness, I don't know."


Â

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              243 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             April 11, 2016 Monday

DON'T POST WITHOUT RONZIO APPROVAL: Maine woman sues labor secretary in dispute
with ex-employer

BYLINE: Beth Brogan BDN Staff

LENGTH: 740 words


PORTLAND, Maine -- A dental hygienist suing her former employer, a Bath dentist,
for damaging her professional reputation has filed suit against U.S. Department
of Labor Secretary Thomas E. Perez, seeking to compel the federal government to
allow a former safety inspector to testify in the state suit.


Dorothy Shafran of Portland is suing Dr. Tammy Cook of Bath Family Dental for
personal and professional damages after violating her rights under Maine's
whistleblower statute. Shafran claims that after Cook fired Shafran, Cook "began
a campaign to discredit and demean" Shafran to dentists, patients and the Maine
Board of Dental Examiners.


Shafran was fired by Cook in October 2011 after an inspection of Bath Family
Dental by officials from the Occupational, Safety and Health Administration. The
inspection was prompted by complaints filed by Shafran and hygienist Chelsea
Huntington alleging health and safety hazards at the practice.


The Department of Labor subsequently sued Cook in 2012, charging her with
violating the whistleblower act by retaliating against the hygienists for making
the complaint.


In 2013, Cook settled the suit and agreed to pay the two hygienists $72,000 in
back wages and withdraw a complaint she filed against Shafran that claimed
Shafran had violated her license, according to court documents.


Shafran then filed a complaint with the Maine Human Rights Commission alleging
retaliation, and filed suit against Cook in Cumberland County Superior Court
seeking damages for "economic loss, mental suffering, humiliation, embarrassment
and damage to her professional reputation and standing" as a result of Cook's
"campaign to discredit and demean" her.


During a three-day trial in November 2015, attorney Eric Mehnert, who represents
Shafran, attempted to introduce as evidence a report filed by now-retired OSHA
compliance officer John Newton from the 2011 inspection of Cook's office.


According to the report, filed as an exhibit in the federal court case, Newton
wrote of the 2011 inspection that Cook told him she knew who had filed the
complaint and planned to fire them. When the inspector told Cook that
whistleblowers are protected under federal law, Cook allegedly told him, "Well,
I'll fire her for something else then."


Newton wrote in his report, "To say Dr. Cook was upset and angry that an
employee had filed an OSHA complaint against her would be an understatement.  In
my 31 years at OSHA I have never experienced an employer who expressed such
anger and belligerence toward OSHA and toward employees who had filed a
complaint."


Mehnert asked the U.S. Department of Labor to allow Newton and Karen Billups,
OSHA's assistant area director at the time, to testify in Cook's Superior Court
case, but the Department of Labor denied the request, Mehnert said Monday.


In November, Cumberland County Superior Court Justice Nancy Mills disallowed the
report unless Newton was available to be cross-examined by Cook's counsel,
according to Mehnert. Mills continued the trial to allow Mehnert to attempt to
get Newton to testify.


Mehnert said Monday that Shafran's Superior Court case seeks damages for
"emotional distress" that resulted from the complaint Cook filed -- and then
withdrew -- as well as additional lost wages for the time she could not find a
new position. He said the agreement worked out between Cook and OSHA only
requires Cook to pay Shafran about $500 per month of the back wages she is owed.


"Quite frankly, it's not quite right that someone used the system the way Dr.
Cook did," Mehnert said.


The Department of Labor did not return phone calls.


But Robert Kline, who represents Tammy Cook in the Superior Court case filed by
Shafran, said the "very contentious and unfortunate situation feels to us as
though it's vindictive."


Kline said that although Cook settled the Department of Labor suit, "she denied
she did anything wrong and denied that she retaliated against anyone." He said
Shafran sued Cook for filing a complaint against her "long after Ms. Shafran had
been on the scene."


"Dr. Cook is continuing to pay these two employees pursuant to that settlement,
so we've tried to move on and wish everyone success in their respective
careers," Kline said. "We view it as very unfortunate that there's still a
perpetuation of whatever it is they think they need to address. It's expensive,
it's disruptive and it's distracting. What would motivate this except
vindictiveness, I don't know."


Â

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              244 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             April 11, 2016 Monday

DON'T POST WITHOUT RONZIO APPROVAL: Maine woman sues labor secretary in dispute
with ex-employer

BYLINE: Beth Brogan BDN Staff

LENGTH: 740 words


PORTLAND, Maine -- A dental hygienist suing her former employer, a Bath dentist,
for damaging her professional reputation has filed suit against U.S. Department
of Labor Secretary Thomas E. Perez, seeking to compel the federal government to
allow a former safety inspector to testify in the state suit.


Dorothy Shafran of Portland is suing Dr. Tammy Cook of Bath Family Dental for
personal and professional damages after violating her rights under Maine's
whistleblower statute. Shafran claims that after Cook fired Shafran, Cook "began
a campaign to discredit and demean" Shafran to dentists, patients and the Maine
Board of Dental Examiners.


Shafran was fired by Cook in October 2011 after an inspection of Bath Family
Dental by officials from the Occupational, Safety and Health Administration. The
inspection was prompted by complaints filed by Shafran and hygienist Chelsea
Huntington alleging health and safety hazards at the practice.


The Department of Labor subsequently sued Cook in 2012, charging her with
violating the whistleblower act by retaliating against the hygienists for making
the complaint.


In 2013, Cook settled the suit and agreed to pay the two hygienists $72,000 in
back wages and withdraw a complaint she filed against Shafran that claimed
Shafran had violated her license, according to court documents.


Shafran then filed a complaint with the Maine Human Rights Commission alleging
retaliation, and filed suit against Cook in Cumberland County Superior Court
seeking damages for "economic loss, mental suffering, humiliation, embarrassment
and damage to her professional reputation and standing" as a result of Cook's
"campaign to discredit and demean" her.


During a three-day trial in November 2015, attorney Eric Mehnert, who represents
Shafran, attempted to introduce as evidence a report filed by now-retired OSHA
compliance officer John Newton from the 2011 inspection of Cook's office.


According to the report, filed as an exhibit in the federal court case, Newton
wrote of the 2011 inspection that Cook told him she knew who had filed the
complaint and planned to fire them. When the inspector told Cook that
whistleblowers are protected under federal law, Cook allegedly told him, "Well,
I'll fire her for something else then."


Newton wrote in his report, "To say Dr. Cook was upset and angry that an
employee had filed an OSHA complaint against her would be an understatement.  In
my 31 years at OSHA I have never experienced an employer who expressed such
anger and belligerence toward OSHA and toward employees who had filed a
complaint."


Mehnert asked the U.S. Department of Labor to allow Newton and Karen Billups,
OSHA's assistant area director at the time, to testify in Cook's Superior Court
case, but the Department of Labor denied the request, Mehnert said Monday.


In November, Cumberland County Superior Court Justice Nancy Mills disallowed the
report unless Newton was available to be cross-examined by Cook's counsel,
according to Mehnert. Mills continued the trial to allow Mehnert to attempt to
get Newton to testify.


Mehnert said Monday that Shafran's Superior Court case seeks damages for
"emotional distress" that resulted from the complaint Cook filed -- and then
withdrew -- as well as additional lost wages for the time she could not find a
new position. He said the agreement worked out between Cook and OSHA only
requires Cook to pay Shafran about $500 per month of the back wages she is owed.


"Quite frankly, it's not quite right that someone used the system the way Dr.
Cook did," Mehnert said.


The Department of Labor did not return phone calls.


But Robert Kline, who represents Tammy Cook in the Superior Court case filed by
Shafran, said the "very contentious and unfortunate situation feels to us as
though it's vindictive."


Kline said that although Cook settled the Department of Labor suit, "she denied
she did anything wrong and denied that she retaliated against anyone." He said
Shafran sued Cook for filing a complaint against her "long after Ms. Shafran had
been on the scene."


"Dr. Cook is continuing to pay these two employees pursuant to that settlement,
so we've tried to move on and wish everyone success in their respective
careers," Kline said. "We view it as very unfortunate that there's still a
perpetuation of whatever it is they think they need to address. It's expensive,
it's disruptive and it's distracting. What would motivate this except
vindictiveness, I don't know."


Â

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              245 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              April 8, 2016 Friday

DON'T POST WITHOUT RONZIO APPROVAL: Maine woman sues labor secretary in dispute
with ex-employer

BYLINE: Beth Brogan BDN Staff

LENGTH: 649 words


PORTLAND, Maine -- A dental hygienist suing her former employer, a Bath dentist,
for damaging her professional reputation has filed suit against U.S. Department
of Labor Secretary Thomas E. Perez, seeking to compel the federal government to
allow a former safety inspector to testify in the state suit.


Dorothy Shafran of Portland is suing Dr. Tammy Cook of Bath Family Dental for
personal and professional damages after violating her rights under Maine's
whistleblower statute. Shafran claims that after Cook fired Shafran, Cook "began
a campaign to discredit and demean" Shafran to dentists, patients and the Maine
Board of Dental Examiners.


Shafran was fired by Cook in October 2011 after an inspection of Bath Family
Dental by officials from the Occupational, Safety and Health Administration. The
inspection was prompted by complaints filed by Shafran and hygienist Chelsea
Huntington alleging health and safety hazards at the practice.


The Department of Labor subsequently sued Cook in 2012, charging her with
violating the whistleblower act by retaliating against the hygienists for making
the complaint.


In 2013, Cook settled the suit and agreed to pay the two hygienists $72,000 in
back wages and withdraw a complaint she filed against Shafran that claimed
Shafran had violated her license, according to court documents.


Shafran then filed a complaint with the Maine Human Rights Commission alleging
retaliation, and filed suit against Cook in Cumberland County Superior Court
seeking damages for "economic loss, mental suffering, humiliation, embarrassment
and damage to her professional reputation and standing" as a result of Cook's
"campaign to discredit and demean" her.


In November 2015, Eric Mehnert, who represents Shafran, served subpoenas on the
two OSHA employees who conducted the 2011 inspection at Bath Family Dental,
seeking their testimony in the Superior Court case.


According to state court documents filed as exhibits in the federal case, one of
the inspectors, now-retired OSHA compliance officer John Newton, reported that
Cook told him she knew who had filed the complaint and planned to fire them.
When the inspector told Cook that whistleblowers are protected under federal
law, Cook allegedly told him, "Well, I'll fire her for something else then."


Newton wrote in his report, "To say Dr. Cook was upset and angry that an
employee had filed an OSHA complaint against her would be an understatement.  In
my 31 years at OSHA I have never experienced an employer who expressed such
anger and belligerence toward OSHA and toward employees who had filed a
complaint."


According to the federal suit, Mehnert also formally asked the U.S. Department
of Labor to allow Karen Billups, OSHA's assistant area director at the time and
Newton to testify in Cook's Superior Court case, but the Department of Labor
denied the request, which Mehnert alleges violates Maine law.


On Friday, Shafran, through her husband, referred a phone call to Mehnert, who
did not immediately return a call.


The Department of Labor did not return phone calls.


But Robert Kline, who represents Tammy Cook in the Superior Court case filed by
Shafran, said the "very contentious and unfortunate situation feels to us as
though it's vindictive."


Kline said that although Cook settled the Department of Labor suit, "she denied
she did anything wrong and denied that she retaliated against anyone." He said
Shafran sued Cook for filing a complaint against her "long after Ms. Shafran had
been on the scene."


"Dr. Cook is continuing to pay these two employees pursuant to that settlement,
so we've tried to move on and wish everyone success in their respective
careers," Kline said. "We view it as very unfortunate that there's still a
perpetuation of whatever it is they think they need to address. It's expensive,
it's disruptive and it's distracting. What would motivate this except
vindictiveness, I don't know."


Â

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              246 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              April 8, 2016 Friday

DON'T POST WITHOUT RONZIO APPROVAL: Maine woman sues labor secretary in dispute
with ex-employer

BYLINE: Beth Brogan BDN Staff

LENGTH: 649 words


PORTLAND, Maine -- A dental hygienist suing her former employer, a Bath dentist,
for damaging her professional reputation has filed suit against U.S. Department
of Labor Secretary Thomas E. Perez, seeking to compel the federal government to
allow a former safety inspector to testify in the state suit.


Dorothy Shafran of Portland is suing Dr. Tammy Cook of Bath Family Dental for
personal and professional damages after violating her rights under Maine's
whistleblower statute. Shafran claims that after Cook fired Shafran, Cook "began
a campaign to discredit and demean" Shafran to dentists, patients and the Maine
Board of Dental Examiners.


Shafran was fired by Cook in October 2011 after an inspection of Bath Family
Dental by officials from the Occupational, Safety and Health Administration. The
inspection was prompted by complaints filed by Shafran and hygienist Chelsea
Huntington alleging health and safety hazards at the practice.


The Department of Labor subsequently sued Cook in 2012, charging her with
violating the whistleblower act by retaliating against the hygienists for making
the complaint.


In 2013, Cook settled the suit and agreed to pay the two hygienists $72,000 in
back wages and withdraw a complaint she filed against Shafran that claimed
Shafran had violated her license, according to court documents.


Shafran then filed a complaint with the Maine Human Rights Commission alleging
retaliation, and filed suit against Cook in Cumberland County Superior Court
seeking damages for "economic loss, mental suffering, humiliation, embarrassment
and damage to her professional reputation and standing" as a result of Cook's
"campaign to discredit and demean" her.


In November 2015, Eric Mehnert, who represents Shafran, served subpoenas on the
two OSHA employees who conducted the 2011 inspection at Bath Family Dental,
seeking their testimony in the Superior Court case.


According to state court documents filed as exhibits in the federal case, one of
the inspectors, now-retired OSHA compliance officer John Newton, reported that
Cook told him she knew who had filed the complaint and planned to fire them.
When the inspector told Cook that whistleblowers are protected under federal
law, Cook allegedly told him, "Well, I'll fire her for something else then."


Newton wrote in his report, "To say Dr. Cook was upset and angry that an
employee had filed an OSHA complaint against her would be an understatement.  In
my 31 years at OSHA I have never experienced an employer who expressed such
anger and belligerence toward OSHA and toward employees who had filed a
complaint."


According to the federal suit, Mehnert also formally asked the U.S. Department
of Labor to allow Karen Billups, OSHA's assistant area director at the time and
Newton to testify in Cook's Superior Court case, but the Department of Labor
denied the request, which Mehnert alleges violates Maine law.


On Friday, Shafran, through her husband, referred a phone call to Mehnert, who
did not immediately return a call.


The Department of Labor did not return phone calls.


But Robert Kline, who represents Tammy Cook in the Superior Court case filed by
Shafran, said the "very contentious and unfortunate situation feels to us as
though it's vindictive."


Kline said that although Cook settled the Department of Labor suit, "she denied
she did anything wrong and denied that she retaliated against anyone." He said
Shafran sued Cook for filing a complaint against her "long after Ms. Shafran had
been on the scene."


"Dr. Cook is continuing to pay these two employees pursuant to that settlement,
so we've tried to move on and wish everyone success in their respective
careers," Kline said. "We view it as very unfortunate that there's still a
perpetuation of whatever it is they think they need to address. It's expensive,
it's disruptive and it's distracting. What would motivate this except
vindictiveness, I don't know."


Â

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              247 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            February 10, 2014 Monday

Op-ed: Utah cannot justify marital apartheid

BYLINE: By Paul C. Burke, John W. Mackay And Brett L. Tolman

SECTION: OPINION; Columnists

LENGTH: 874 words


To find conclusive proof that Amendment 3 is unconstitutional, the 10th Circuit
Court needs to look no further than the brief filed last week by the state of
Utah, which tries to justify second-class citizenship for same-sex couples in
Utah based on the ill-founded belief that they are supposedly third-rate
parents.

The state's brief confirms that the purpose and effect of Amendment 3 is to
categorize Utahns into different groups with different rights, depending on
whether Utah approves (or not) of their most intimate and personal relationship.

The state writes that "the most obvious and important impact" of marriage
equality "would be the loss of the state's ability to give special preference
and recognition to families consisting of children being raised either by both
biological parents or at least by two parents of opposite sex."

This statement stands as an admission that Amendment 3 is meant to classify some
citizens -- straight people and their children -- as more valued and important
than gay citizens and their children.

Amendment 3 denies equal status in marriage to a disfavored group, and Utah
insists that states should be able to use their laws to value some families more
than others. This contention is simply incompatible with the U.S. Constitution's
guarantee of equal protection under the law for all citizens. Utah is not
entitled to decide that some people -- or some families -- are more worthy than
others.

The state's brief suffers from no shortage of illogic. Consider that the state
contends that family law is the exclusive province of the states, only to then
acknowledge that the "history of Utah's definition of marriage" began with a
federal mandate against polygamy.

Then, after insisting that a "society can have but one understanding of
marriage: It is either a uniquely man-woman institution or it is not," the state
suggests that federalism should permit a "diversity of outcomes on the question
of marriage" whereby 49 states could presumably recognize marriage equality but
Utah alone should be allowed to cling to its system of marital apartheid.

The state's bid for exclusive jurisdiction over the realm of family law will not
succeed. Just last year, the U.S. Supreme Court declared that "The States'
interest in defining and regulating the marital relation" is "subject to
constitutional guarantees." Thereafter, Judge Robert Shelby correctly found that
Amendment 3 violated the constitutional guarantees of equal protection and due
process under the law.

Utah claims that it "respects and values those (gay) citizens and their children
as both equal before the law and fully entitled to order their private lives in
the matter they have chosen," yet the state is failing to sustain the U.S.
Constitution's promise of equal protection under the law for all citizens.

Although Utah recognizes marriages entered by straight people regardless of
jurisdiction, the state is continuing to use Amendment 3 to preclude the public
recognition of marriages between gay people that have been solemnized either in
Utah or other states.

The state claims that "redefining marriage in genderless terms would seriously
undermine, if not destroy, the state's message that biological mother-father
parenting is best for children." The state then argues "that model is not
intended to demean other family structures, any more than giving an 'A' to some
students demeans others."

Utah's report card on parenting then assigns lower grades to adoptive parents
and single parents, while expelling same-sex couples entirely from
state-sanctioned marriage. The state's parenting grades are based on junk
science and willful ignorance of the existing scientific consensus on same-sex
parenting.

"The abilities of gay and lesbian persons as parents and the positive outcomes
for their children are not areas where credible scientific researchers
disagree," according to the American Psychological Association.

The state's justifications for its system of marital apartheid cannot withstand
factual, scientific, or constitutional scrutiny. Ironically, the state's vision
of a "child-centric" marriage is patently unconstitutional because of the harm
Utah is imposing by law on the children of same-sex couples.

Last summer, the Supreme Court struck down the Defense of Marriage Act, finding
that "the law in question makes it even more difficult for the children to
understand the integrity and closeness of their own family and its concord with
other families in their community and in their daily lives." Amendment 3 has the
same effect.

Long ago, American jurisprudence established that our Constitution will neither
recognize nor tolerate classes among citizenship, and last year the U.S. Supreme
Court declared that a federal definition of marriage excluding gay couples is
unconstitutional because it "humiliates tens of thousands of children now being
raised by same-sex couples."

Together, these principles explain why Amendment 3 has failed its constitutional
test. Utah's latest attack on marriage equality deserves a failing grade.

Paul C. Burke, John W. Mackay, and Brett L. Tolman filed an amicus brief with
the U.S. Supreme Court on behalf of the Utah Pride Center and a national
coalition of equality groups last year.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              248 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                            August 31, 1998, Monday,

Wait for the evidence to judge the president;
 Unfortunately, House Majority Whip Tom DeLay has not followed the lead of the
speaker.

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 348 words


The American people seem content to wait and see if their president committed a
crime that merits his removal from office. Polls indicate that Bill Clinton's
job approval ratings remain high, at more than 60 percent, and that a majority
of Americans oppose impeachment without new evidence.

Already Clinton has admitted to having an "improper relationship" with former
White House intern Monica Lewinsky. He has admitted, too, to misleading the
public about the affair and of trying to fit through a rather narrow legal
loophole when asked about the affair previously under oath.

Americans seem to be drawing a distinction between efforts by the president to
keep his private life private and more serious crimes. The poll results mirror
the tack taken by House Speaker Newt Gingrich a week ago. Gingrich said it would
take a "pattern of felonies" and not just "a single human mistake" to provoke
Congress to conduct impeachment hearings. Gingrich says he plans to wait for a
report from Kenneth Starr, the special prosector investigating the pres- ident.

The speaker's approach is an appropriate one. It presumes, as he said, that, in
electing Bill Clinton president, there is an expectation that he finish his
term.

Unfortunately, the House leadership is not united in this responsible and mature
approach to the sex scandal. House Majority Whip Tom DeLay has turned his office
into the dump-Clinton headquarters. His aides continually call for the
president's resignation and provide a steady stream of argument in favor of
Clinton not finishing out his term.

DeLay's tactics are harmful to the nation. They demean the office of the
presidency. For that matter, they demean the office of the House majority whip.
Whether Bill Clinton completes his term of office is a topic not fit for the
kind of partisan campaign being waged by DeLay. The resignation or impeachment
of a president is a tremendously destabilizing event.

Gingrich has the right idea. Wait for Ken Starr's report and set a high standard
for upsetting the American people's choice for president.


LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 1998 Guy Gannett Communications, Inc.


                              249 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

             February 1, 2003 Saturday Five Star Late Lift Edition

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR : DEMEANING THE POOR

SECTION: EDITORIAL ; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 292 words


It is beyond comprehension that someone could have thoughts as callous and vile
as those of Mona Charen. As a former food stamp recipient, I can tell you that
gluttony is not a reality in the world in which the poor live. What is a reality
is the constant humiliation to which they are subjected by people who outpace
them on the federal handout list.

While it is true that the government spends $31 billion a year feeding the poor,
the average poor person receives only $868 a year in food stamps. Meanwhile, the
average person taking the mortgage interest deduction on his taxes costs the
government over $1,589 a year. In fact, the federal government loses more money
on the deductions it gives to people who own a home (more than $46 billion) than
it spends to feed every last hungry child in America.

What must Charen think of overweight homeowners who use this deduction? Will she
make the same attempt to demean and humiliate them as she did the poor in her
fact-free Jan. 27 column?

Every government program has its flaws. Every government program helps one
person while taking from another and every government program should be open to
intelligent debate. However, intelligent debate should not be driven by the
desire of people like Charen to demean people such as me.

The reasons for obesity and poverty are complex. But whatever the reasons, and
whatever fault may be laid at the feet of the parents, the child living below
the poverty line is simply trying to survive.

Charen should bear that in mind the next time she hurls a hurtful and
unsubstantiated remark. And the editors of the Post-Dispatch might ask
themselves if they should have allowed this article to be published.

Kimberly Frost

Troy, Ill.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: LETTERS

TYPE: LETTERS

                  Copyright 2003 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              250 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      April 22, 2004 Thursday Home Edition

READERS WRITE

BYLINE: BILLIE BROWN, JOHN DEARIE, LINDA AUGUST VROOMAN, JOANN PERRY, JAMES
HANDSFIELD, JIM CONNELLY, RADFORD HASTINGS, SUE KING

SOURCE: For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 18A

LENGTH: 841 words


Catholics: Responses to "Archdiocese must ensure sex abuse hasn't a prayer,"
Editorial, April 22, and "Archdiocese keeps tabs on conduct," Equal Time, April
22

Archbishop unconvincing

Thanks to The Atlanta Journal-Constitution for revealing the tip of the iceberg
where the Catholic Archdiocese of Atlanta is concerned. As you pointed out, Ann
Price was fired immediately after the archdiocese was adjudged to be in
compliance [with required reforms], and outreach activity ceased.

Interestingly, Archbishop John F. Donoghue, in responding, chose not to address
the facts in your editorial. Wouldn't an innocent person have countered with
substantiating data instead of a reiteration of meaningless boilerplate?

Attention, Catholic parents: Your children are still not safe in church.

BILLIE BROWN, Atlanta

Abuse victims get cold shoulder

Members of Voice of the Faithful Atlanta, an affiliate of the organization
founded in Boston in response to the church's sex abuse scandal, appreciate your
editorial.

Archbishop John F. Donoghue still refers to "allegations" of sexual abuse, as if
many of them were false. He claims the archdiocese offers pastoral care to
victims. They tell us they are treated like enemies and coldly referred to the
diocese's lawyers and a counselor.

He boasts about being assessed compliant with the bishops' reforms in the Gavin
Group's audit, and about a commendation for his communication policy. A year and
a half after the reforms were adopted, the archdiocese barely passed the audit,
only after a last-minute flurry of activity, and was given several
recommendations for improvement.

Donoghue reminds us of his lay review board, but he fails to say that they are
handpicked by him, serve at his discretion, are anonymous and have no power
other than to advise.

JOHN DEARIE

Dearie, of Roswell, is acting chairman of Voice of the Faithful Atlanta.

Rap protest: Responses to "Spelman women dis sex-laden rap videos," Page One,
April 21

Bravo to students for taking a stand

What a relief to read about the courageous stand that Asha Jennings and Moya
Bailey have taken in regard to "Tip Drill."

These young women have done something positive in speaking out against this
video. Their influential actions have helped to have bone marrow donation
highlighted in an atmosphere of respect. I am proud to say I live in the same
city as these women, whose efforts will be far-reaching.

LINDA AUGUST VROOMAN, Marietta

Trashy videos demean women of all races

Kudos to Asha Jennings of Spelman College for standing up for her values.

I am not a black woman, but degrading a woman of any color degrades us all. We
need to stand together and stop buying and watching this trash that fills the
wallets of those who would demean us.

JOANN PERRY, Woodstock

Gay marriage: Responses to Shaunti Feldhahn's column "Show heart in support of
marriage," @issue, April 21

No biblical guide

Shaunti Feldhahn misses a key point. She's strongly in support of marriage. So
are gay couples who want to marry.

Jesus said precious little about sexual relationships, and virtually all such
comments were about adultery. Feldhahn's article reflects conservative ideology
in search of a Christian morality.

JAMES HANDSFIELD, Atlanta

Case is made for civil unions

I agree with Shaunti Feldhahn that "if someone's civil rights are violated
because she is a lesbian, we must fight it." By this logic and compassion, she
seems to understand that the government should provide legal, civil recognition
of same-sex couples. What our Constitution demands is not that gays and lesbians
have the right to be married in a religious institution, but that gays and
lesbians be provided the benefits, rights and responsibilities given
heterosexual couples under the laws of the state.

Thanks to Feldhahn for supporting the idea of civil unions/legal marriage for
homosexuals.

JIM CONNELLY, Atlanta

No matter what, Southerners shall rise again

The Atlanta Journal-Constitution on Tuesday hosted smears against the South.
First, a letter about the burial of Confederate sailors referred to "retarded
Southerners." Then, a comic strip depicted a Hispanic cockroach wearing a hat
bearing the Rebel flag insignia and implied that Southerners were against MSG
(Mexicans, Salvadorans and Guatemalans).

OK, have your fun. But like the cockroaches, we'll always be here. Y'all have a
nice day now, y'hear?

RADFORD HASTINGS, Atlanta

Beware avalanche of immigration

I was pleased to read the column by professor Ben Zuckerman ("Sierra Club
doesn't cry wolf," @issue, April 20).

It seems the only thing you hear from the press regarding immigration is that
"these poor people are only trying to find a better life." That's all well and
good, but at what cost to Americans? There is an old saying that "even in an
avalanche, every individual snowflake pleads innocence." Georgians need to pay
attention to this coming storm before it's too late to shovel our way out.

SUE KING, Marietta

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: A snowflake; Photo: Archbishop John F. Donoghue defends how
claims of sexual abuse are handled.

TYPE: Letters

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              251 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                          October 7, 1998, Wednesday,

Squabbling demeans Congress, presidency;
 Partisan bickering threatens to taint the proceedings.

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 361 words


Amatter as grave as the possible impeachment of a president should be approached
with solemnity, sadness and deliberation. Partisan squabbling, by nature petty,
should have no place in the inquiry.

Unfortunately and predictably, politics are infecting the probe into President
Clinton's wrongdoing. On Monday, members of the House Judiciary Committee voted
along party lines for an open-ended impeachment inquiry of President Clinton.
Such an inquiry would further draw out an already weary process. It would allow
Congress to investigate not only evidence relating to the president's
relationship with Monica Lewinsky, but other matters.

David Schippers, the Republicans' lead counsel, on Monday raised issues that
even Kenneth Starr, the independent prosecutor who spent four years
investigating Clinton, did not raise in his exhaustive report.

The full House should reject the idea of a broad inquiry in favor of one limited
to allegations in Starr's report. Starr's work was clearly thorough. A wider
examination would be redundant and counterproductive. When Schippers finished
his official comments to the committee, he made what he called "personal
remarks," and spoke as a father and grandfather, reminding the 37 members of
Congress that "15 generations of Americans, many of whom repose in military
cemeteries" were watching their actions. Such appeals to emotion detract from
the important business before Congress: whether to impeach a president.

Democrats protested the comments, and Henry Hyde, the Republican chairman of the
committee, agreed they were inappropriate. He wisely had them struck from the
record. Still, the comments are illustrative of how partisan this matter has
become. Democrats will reflexively support their leader, and Republicans will
automatically wish to condemn him. To believe otherwise would be naive.

To accept, however, that the matter is a mere political disagreement that should
be dealt with politically, would demean the presidency and the institution of
Congress.

Schippers was partly right. Generations of Americans are watching. They deserve
a fair, swift resolution to this unhappy episode.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 1998 Guy Gannett Communications, Inc.


                              252 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             August 29, 2010 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

LETTERS

SECTION: VIEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 1047 words


LETTER OF THE DAY: Reducing government

I am always fascinated by the political scene during times of financial
distress. Reality is just something politicians cannot deal with, but unless we
begin electing officials who are serious about fiscal responsibility, we will
drive our unemployment rate to new highs, and our American way of life will go
farther away from us.

Last week we got a taste of the problem from MaryEllen Elia, superintendent of
Hillsborough district schools. She stated that with the classroom-size
restrictions imposed upon the school system by the constitutional amendment that
we, the voters, approved, it would mean that many children who needed or wanted
to take a specific class might be deprived because of the classroom load
distribution. Her comments concerned me, because I believe she has done a
commendable job. Unfortunately, she also showed a lack of managerial experience
that any private sector executive would have jumped on.

In the past, during financial shortfalls for whatever reason, the politician's
first line of attack is to assure the community that if the government fails to
get more money, they will have to reduce the number of fireman and police.
Needless to say, this pulls at the gut of the community. Our safety is always
considered paramount in our lives, so this is sure to get the public's
attention. Now, if we have a shortfall of money in the school system, we will
attack the children's needs, which will cause stress upon the parents and
children of the community.

Let's go to the heart of the situation. In the business world, the first thing
that a good manager would do in difficult financial times is to reduce the
"non-essential" personnel or functions. For example, the worker in a
manufacturing environment who is putting together the product is "essential."
Without these people you cannot produce the product. Sort of like the teacher.
They are developing the product: our children.

The support people in the business world are called "staff," and while they
perform a service to the organization, they can fluctuate in their numbers
without hurting the "essential" people who are making the product.

In the school system we know there are a lot of "non-essential" people, because
we see the size of the structure that houses them in downtown Tampa. Many of
these people are former teachers and for the most part, they were the cream of
the crop as teachers. Let's take them from a "non-essential" status to an
"essential" status and put them back in the classroom where they can make a
difference in our children's lives.

WAYNE WILSON

Tampa

Firearms 'loophole'

When the Tribune used the term "loophole" in an editorial ("Some straight
shooting on guns," Our Opinion, Aug. 19) to describe the lawful transfer of a
firearm from one private citizen to another, you perpetuated the myth of the
"gun-show loophole." There is no "gun show loophole." That's a pejorative
cobbled together by those who do not believe that private citizens should be
permitted even to own firearms, much less to buy and sell them.

The term "loophole" itself implies an unintended oversight in a law that allows
someone to get away with something that borders on the illegal. The law
requiring background checks for the sale of firearms by the holders of federal
firearm licenses (FFLs) was never intended to apply to the sale of firearms by
private citizens. Hence, there is no "loophole."

Nor does the venue of a gun show have anything to do with the transaction. The
seller of a firearm could just as well have placed an ad in the local Penny
Saver or tacked a card to the bulletin board at the Laundromat. The advantage of
transacting business at a gun show is that it brings together sellers and buyers
in one place, just as you'd go to a plant show to sell your potted plants or a
quilt show to sell your quilts.

JOHN S.V. WEISS

Spring Hill

Washington speaks

In his column "Religious tolerance then and now" (Other Views, Aug. 21), Dana
Milbank makes the mistake many journalists make when he selects one phrase in a
letter from George Washington to contrast his views on tolerance with those
opposed to the proposed New York City mosque. The entire sentence, however, puts
this in context by speaking to what the United States expects in return:

"For happily the Government of the United States, which gives to bigotry no
sanction, to persecution no assistance, requires only that they who live under
its protection should demean themselves as good citizens, in giving it on all
occasions their effectual support."

This is all the interpretation needed of the mindset of the framers of the
Constitution as we consider what we can and should rightfully expect of all
current and would-be citizens of the United States. While we are tolerant of the
rights of others, the baseline requirement of all is to "demean themselves as
good citizens." It is a requirement we can apply to religious fundamentalists,
to illegal aliens, and political activists - obey our laws, defend our country,
strive for peace.

PAUL BROOKS

Valrico

Stuck in the muck

I would like to know when political candidates will wake up and realize they are
hurting their own chances by smearing their opponents with every breath.

Most voters wish to hear what the candidate will attempt to accomplish if
elected, even though we know most promises are unlikely to be kept.

I am in full agreement with the letter by Angie Angel ("Enough is enough," Aug.
23). We are drowning in political muck.

JIM JOHNSON

Plant City

Beck's 'we'

I read Leonard Pitts' column ("This is 'we,' Glenn Beck," Other Views, Aug. 27)
briefly since I did not want to turn it into homework, and it has been a long
time since I had that. But I know Leonard's "we" is not me, and I am not Beck's
"we," either. Pitts' "we" is really "them" and seemingly only them - the "we" of
Al Sharpton, Jesse Jackson, Charlie Rangel, Maxine Waters. When did Pitts "we"
include another ethnic minority?

His "we" is not partially black but all black, for blacks. Beck's "we" is for
all of us, including me. It is about freedom, rights and liberties for me, Pitts
and everyone who wants to legally be part of us.

PERFECTO M. LEON

Tampa

Copyright © 2010, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              253 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                       June 27, 2003 Friday Final Edition

Top court strikes down U.S. gay sex bans: Ruling likely to touch off storms of
protest - and celebration - south of the border

SOURCE: CanWest News Service

BYLINE: PETER GOODSPEED

SECTION: News; Pg. A1 / FRONT

LENGTH: 799 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

In a ruling condemned by one dissenting justice as making the United States more
like Canada, the U.S. Supreme Court struck down yesterday a Texas law banning
gay sex, saying it was an unconstitutional violation of privacy.

Justice Antonin Scalia wrote a dissenting opinion in which he warned that the
judgment "effectively decrees the end of all morals legislation" in the United
States.

Scalia predicted it could pave the way for the "judicial imposition of
homosexual marriage, as has recently occurred in Canada."

The decision overturned all laws in the United States banning both homosexual
and heterosexual anal and oral sex.

It effectively reverses a 17-year-old Supreme Court ruling that said it was
legal for states to punish what they regarded as deviant sexual practices.

Instead, the Supreme Court opted to enshrine a broad constitutional right to
sexual privacy.

The ruling is bound to touch off storms of protest - and celebration - across
the United States.

Gay rights activists said it marks a major cultural shift as much as it signals
a legal change in the status of homosexuals and lesbians.

"This is a historic day," said Ruth Harlow, a lawyer for the Lambda Legal
Defence & Education Fund, which represented the two gay men who challenged the
Texas law.

"What the court did today is to recognize the basic humanity of gay people."

The case involved a 1998 incident near Houston. Police, responding to a
neighbour's malicious report of a gunman "going crazy," broke into John Geddes
Lawrence's apartment and found him having anal sex with Tyron Garner.

The two spent a night in jail and were convicted of a misdemeanour sex charge
under a Texas law that banned "deviate sexual intercourse with another
individual of the same sex."

They were fined $200 each.

The Supreme Court said the Texas law punished homosexual couples for engaging in
sex acts that are legal for heterosexuals. It also ruled the U.S. constitution's
due process clause gives homosexuals "the full right to engage in private
conduct without government intervention."

The Texas law "demeans the lives of homosexual persons," said Justice Anthony
Kennedy, who penned the majority decision, adding homosexuals "are entitled to
respect for their private lives."

"The state cannot demean their existence or control their destiny by making
their private sexual conduct a crime."

The Texas law sought "to control a personal relationship that, whether or not
entitled to formal recognition in the law, is within the liberty of persons to
choose without being punished as criminals," the judgment said.

The court ruled "the constitution allows homosexual persons the right to choose
to enter upon relationships in the confines of their homes and their own private
lives and still retain their dignity as free persons."

Justices John Stevens, David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer
sided with Kennedy in full.

Justice Sandra Day O'Connor agreed with the outcome of the case, but argued the
deciding factor should have been it was unfair to punish oral and anal sex
between homosexuals but not the same conduct between heterosexuals.

Chief Justice William Rehnquist, and justices Scalia and Clarence Thomas
dissented.

Writing the dissenting opinion, Scalia argued the Texas law was "well within the
range of traditional democratic action" and should not have been overturned.

The Supreme Court's new ruling is "the product of a law-

profession culture that has largely signed on to the so-called homosexual
agenda" and reflected the court's decision to "take sides in the culture war."

"Today's opinion dismantles the structure of constitutional law that has
permitted a distinction to be made between heterosexual and homosexual unions,"
Scalia said.

"This reasoning leaves on shaky, pretty shaky, grounds state laws limiting
marriage to opposite-sex couples."

Lawyers for the state of Texas argued the law promoted the institutions of
marriage and family. They also said communities have the right to choose their
own standards.

"This is going to have terrible consequences for our nation. In essence, the
court has said that states cannot regulate harmful sexual conduct," said Scott
Lively, director of the Pro Family Law Centre.

Gay rights activists view the case as an opportunity to expand the definition of
basic individual rights to include sexual conduct.

"This is historic," said Kate Kendall, executive director of the National Centre
for Lesbian Rights. "There is not a gay person in this country who has not lived
their entire life under the yoke of these laws existing somewhere."

Before 1961, every state had laws forbidding homosexual sex. Since then, most
have repealed their anti-sodomy laws.

National Post

pgoodspeed@nationalpost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              254 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

GUEST COLUMN: I'm not worried about my daughter

BYLINE: By Jessica Gemmell Maffetore, Guest Columnist

SECTION: OPINION; Columnists

LENGTH: 1003 words


On Thursday Michelle Obama gave what some people are calling the speech of her
career. This is a woman who campaigned for the country's first black president
and is now doing so for what is likely to be the country's first woman
president. Yet her own accomplishments reach far beyond her campaign skills,
which are great, no doubt. She is a lawyer, a writer, an educator, a graduate of
Princeton and Harvard, the former VP of Community and External Affairs at the
University of Chicago, an advocate for women and girls' education, a proponent
of healthy living, a voice for veterans and their families, and so much more. So
while calling a campaign speech the highlight of what has been and surely will
continue to be an amazingly impressive career certainly downplays her strengths,
it does serve to highlight how important her words were. Not for this election,
freak show that it has been. But for our kids and how we choose to raise them.

I'm not worried about my daughter. She was born with a fighting heart and a
killer eye-roll and she has never once shied away from declaring what she wants,
what she intends to do and how she plans to get there. She kicked ass at karate,
loves getting sweaty at soccer, and is proud to show off her "Star Wars"
knowledge even though none of her girlfriends knows what she's talking about.
No, I'm not worried about her ability to stand up for herself as she continues
to grow into the intelligent, witty and bold young woman she is becoming.

Sure, she will hit walls and glass ceilings. She will question her worth. She
will wonder if she is good enough. (These feelings aren't felt only by women, to
be clear. Men feel them just the same even if, perhaps, they don't talk about
them or show them as much). But my daughter has female role models to look up to
and the spirit to believe in herself and to know that there isn't anything she
can't do just because she's a girl. I can hope, as her mother and as a woman who
has had more than my share of self-righteous, overbearing, critical, and overtly
sexist men in my life, that she is never challenged in those ways. That no man
ever looks at her and says, or makes her feel, like she or her job or her voice,
or her contribution to her family and to society don't matter. I know how that
feels. I know what internalizing those thoughts does to a person. My heart
breaks at the thought of those things potentially happening to her. But she has
me. Me, who has become stronger and smarter and better on the other side of that
"masculine" strutting. She has herself -- her own best advocate. She will have a
woman president to look up to. And so many other strong women too, like Michelle
Obama for instance.

Obama said, in that speech, that "Like us, the men in our lives are worried
about the impact this election is having on our boys who are looking for role
models of what it means to be a man." She couldn't have been more right. The
social media and press storm after the horrendous things that have come out
about the other presidential candidate have focused mostly on our daughters. How
we don't want them growing up in a world where talk and action like this is
normal. And we don't, of course. So much of it is normalized to the point where
it's hard to step back and look at what we teach our daughters objectively. Sit
like a lady. Don't be so bossy. You are the prettiest! I'm sure I've said all of
these things to my daughter without really thinking about the implication behind
them. I've rethought all of those things and watch my words more carefully so
that I'm making sure that she isn't, in any way, stymied by social expectations
about girls.

Then there is my son. He's so small. He's so young. A new stuffed animal still
makes his day. But then his innate observations skills come out of nowhere and
he comes out with the most profound thoughts, forcing me to stop and really
think about what he is learning from his environment. I hope he is too young to
remember the way his father used to talk to me. But I also hope he realizes one
day that choosing to demean women means that women won't stick around. I hope he
looks to his stepfather, a man that equally shares household duties, a man that
requires his own son be respectful of everyone, a man who values me and my work
and my successes and my time even more than his own, and sees a man that he
wants to be. I hope he never thinks to use the words "locker room talk" to
excuse something he has done or said. And I hope I will have taught him enough
by then that he never says or does them to begin with.

More than teaching my daughter how to protect or stand up for herself, I want to
teach my son that he is not inherently better than anyone -- male or female.
That he never has the right to dominate, demean, discriminate or devalue anyone.
That there is no such thing as a birthright specific to the male gender. I want
to teach him that, as Michelle Obama put it, "People who are truly strong lift
others up. People who are truly powerful bring people together." That's the kind
of man I want him to grow up to be. Which is why we cannot tolerate anything
less from the people we choose to represent us.

I am not a political person. I don't have signs in my yard or bumper stickers on
my car. But I'm a mom, to both a son and a daughter. Their fights are different,
but the goal is the same -- to be a good person who does good things for
themselves and for others. And every day I see or hear or read something that
makes me shake my head at the happenings in this world. And it's scary to raise
children when there are so many bad things going on. The very least we can do
(and we should do more when we can, of course!) is stop those who promote
messages of sexism, racism, hatred and complete disregard for human decency. And
do our very best for ourselves, our communities and for the world we want our
children to grown up in.

Jessica Gemmell Maffetore of Merrimac is a writer who works in marketing. She
blogs at jessicasusanwrites.blogspot.com

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              255 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                             April 27, 2014 Sunday

Vouchers build a future for kids

BYLINE: Faith Manuel, FAITH MANUEL

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 688  words


I wouldn't use the word "poor" to describe our family. The fact that my children
have been able to benefit from the state's Tax Credit Scholarship program is a
blessing. We are not "poor;" we're thankful.

Enlarge

Faith Manuel

My oldest son is currently on the President's List at Florida State College in
Jacksonville. He's majoring in education and wishes to return the blessing of
his education to the state of Florida as an educator.

For me, a single mom, the scholarship is not a political statement. It's not a
criticism of Volusia County public schools, where my other son is doing quite
well. It has nothing to do with public vs. private.

The scholarship just gives me another school option, and it worked big-time for
Davion, my college student who was born when I was 15. It is putting my
middle-school daughter on the same path.

So, as a parent who read The Daytona Beach News-Journal's front- page story
April 20 about this program, I was left to wonder: Why must this be
controversial? When an attorney for the Florida Education Association calls the
Tax Credit Scholarship "a money- laundering scheme" and questions whether the
program should exist at all, it leads me to wonder if his real motivation is
education at all. Why would anyone attack and demean a program that has been so
beneficial to so many families? To me, it's not so much about if students are
educated via private or public education. What's most important is that they are
being educated. They are being trained and groomed, and in the case of my
children (and the many other children we've encountered these past seven years),
they are becoming great citizens who give back to this community.

The scholarship has been around since 2002 and is only for children who come
from households like mine, where what I earn makes my children eligible for free
or reduced-price lunch. The scholarship itself is only $4,880 this year, and I
had to dig into my pocket to make up the rest of the tuition when Davion was at
Calvary Christian Academy in Ormond Beach.

Davion and Faith both have had to take standardized tests every year, or they
would have lost their scholarships. They took the Stanford Achievement Test and,
like all scholarship students, their scores were sent to the state to be
analyzed. Every year a report comes out, and the state says these students are
keeping pace with students all across the country -- even students with higher
incomes.

So from where I sit, the students are getting an education that comes at a
pretty steep discount to the state, their tests show they're doing well, and the
program is so popular parents last year had to sign up by June or have no chance
to get in. And that's with 60,000 scholarships that were available.

Why, then, would the Volusia school superintendent say it "diverts money" when
in fact the scholarship is spent to educate my son and daughter right here in
our county?

Davion didn't switch to the scholarship until he reached sixth grade, and my
main concern was keeping him focused on academics. Our neighborhood middle
school just seemed like it had too many distractions. Calvary Christian was
smaller and felt like family from the first day we arrived. The point to me was
not really that Calvary was better, but that it fit Davion like a glove.

These kinds of school choices are all around us now, with magnet programs and
charter schools and online courses, and that means we parents can shop around
for what works best. I'm not naive about politics, and I know that school
districts want to make sure that as many students as possible are educated in
the schools they run. I certainly respect that.

I hope, though, that the respect is mutual, and that the people who represent me
at the School Board or the State Legislature recognize that when they insult a
program that serves some of the state's most vulnerable students, they are
insulting people like me as well. Davion is now planning to get his bachelor's
degree at the University of North Florida and wants to become a teacher, and I
couldn't be more proud. That's something we should celebrate, not demean.

Manuel lives in Ormond Beach.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2014 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2014 News-Journal Corporation


                              256 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                            October 22, 2006 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Ex-mayor should watch his language: Word 'lunatic' demeans people with
mental-health challenges, says former B.C. ombudsman

BYLINE: Dulcie McCallum, Special to Times Colonist

SECTION: COMMENT; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 459  words


The collapse of B.C. Experience and the failure to find a memorable replacement
for anything occupying this space, most notably the Empress Pool, at the Crystal
Garden is unfortunate.

What is more unfortunate, in my estimation, is the comment by the former mayor
of Victoria, Peter Pollen, as quoted in the Times Colonist Oct. 18.

He tried to persuade the Provincial Capital Commission to be more open in
allowing people to have their say at meetings. He claimed that he was flexible
as Victoria's mayor in allowing people to speak who had not necessarily placed
themselves on the agenda.

The unfortunate thing is that in claiming that he was fair in his process, he
refers to the fact that the council under his tutelage "never turned anyone
down. I listened to lunatic after lunatic."

I have just spent the past four years working with the Canadian delegation in
New York at the United Nations on a new Convention on the Rights of People with
Disabilities.

It was completed in August and is scheduled to go to the general assembly this
fall. Clearly people with mental-health challenges or what is often now referred
to as psycho-social disabilities are no longer prepared to live with people
using language such as the word "lunatic" as Pollen did.

This is not about being politically correct. This is about denouncing the use of
words that demean and denigrate particular categories of people.

Pollen made a great contribution to this fair city, there can be no doubt.

As this place is no longer my home -- I moved to Nova Scotia last year and I am
simply in Victoria to speak at a conference -- I may be missing something, but I
could not believe what I read.

His disparaging reference to people with mental-health challenges is
unacceptable in this day and age, particularly given recent developments at the
UN claiming an entitlement to dignity and respect for people with all
disabilities.

As a former ombudsman for B.C. I am alarmed that he would be trying to persuade
the PCC board to be more open in its process to allow people the opportunity to
be heard while degrading those who stepped forward with their opinions. Pollen
has never been a person to shy away from speaking his mind and letting us know
his opinions.

He should try to be careful in how he refers to others who wish to do the same.
He should avoid making a negative comment about people who want to make their
views known to the PCC board and in the process making a disparaging reference
to those among us who live with a psycho-social disability.

I am certain that the former mayor meant no harm but he should get with the
program. He will lose his case because of the way he says it and hurts people in
the process.

Dulcie McCallum is a former B.C. ombudsman, now living in Nova Scotia.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2006 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              257 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                 May 08, 2000, Monday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Legislature's antics make state a laughingstock

SECTION: EDITORIAL; LETTERS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 1874 words



I am an alumnus of both Florida State University (B.S. 1968) and the University
of Florida (Ph.D. 1974) and recently have spent a few days in the
Tampa-Clearwater area attending a professional meeting. During this brief stay,
I followed the antics of Florida's governor and state Legislature. The governor
and Legislature have done great harm to the state university system by
abolishing the Board of Regents and putting the system directly under the
control of the political hacks in both the governor's office and the
Legislature.

The people of Florida need to review the history of the creation of the Board of
Regents or they will repeat it. The UF presidency will be impossible to fill
with a competent candidate until the damage done to the structure of the
university system is repaired.

The creation of another medical school at a time when most academic medical
centers are facing major operational loses defies reason. Further, there is no
way to force physicians to go into primary care or geriatrics in rural areas.
Indentured servitude is illegal in the United States. This is simply a smoke
screen for a pork-barrel project at FSU.

The other two pork-barrel projects are the new law schools. The last thing
American society needs today is more lawyers, and it is amazing that a
Republican governor and Legislature would do this knowing their love for trial
lawyers. But soft money can do amazing things. These antics coupled with the
helmet law change (I drive a motorcycle and support helmet laws), the attempts
to redefine property lines and change growth management and the licensing of a
physically impaired physician by legislative fiat have made Florida the
laughingstock of state governments.

This recent visit to Florida has given me a far greater appreciation for the
high quality of North Carolina state government than I have ever had before.

John E. Hammond, Ph.D., Pittsboro, N.C.

Comedy material in Tallahassee

Re: This year's Legislature.

The late Will Rogers once said that, when he ran short of comedy material, he'd
just pick up the newspaper and read to the audience what Congress had done that
day. The audience, according to him, never failed to "die laughing."

Will Rogers has been dead for 65 years, but if he were alive, just think of the
field day he'd have with this year's Florida Legislature! I'm sure that the
lawmakers take themselves seriously but, at least as regards education, I do not
think that a larger collection of buffoons could be found. Because of them, I am
seriously considering quitting the Republican Party.

Milt Johnston, Tampa

Peck's comments offended

Re: Interim president drops in at Bayboro, April 29.

Who ever hired Richard Peck to be interim president of the University of South
Florida ought to order his mouth washed out with soap and make him write on the
chalkboard 100 times: "I will not demean Chinese restaurant owners and/or
women."

Then he should be ordered to stay locked in his office, keeping his racist and
sexist comments to himself. Since he obviously does not know how to behave with
the good manners needed for this position, maybe he ought to be fired.

I, for one, do not want him to come to Bayboro campus. By the way, did Dean
William Heller object to those sexist, racist comments or did he do nothing - as
many of us do? We each need to take the responsibility to acknowledge that
comments, public or private, that demean others are wrong and not acceptable.
Peck's idea of comedy is tragedy.

Leo F. Mutchler, Seminole

Kindergarten cutoff should move

Re: Kindergarten plan is bad idea, letter, April 28, about a plan to move back
the cutoff date for admission.

As a parent, I take offense to the letter writer's statement that parents in
favor of this proposal are only looking for free babysitting. Sept. 1 is an
arbitrary  date for admission. Other states use Dec. 1 to no disadvantage to the
students.

 I have two children, both with birthdays after the Sept. 1 cutoff date. My
8-year-old son has a mid-September birthday, is currently in second grade and
has frequently been ahead of his peers academically. My 2-year-old daughter has
an October birthday. If the kindergarten cutoff date were changed to Dec. 1, she
would be able to attend kindergarten while her brother is still in elementary
school (fifth grade).

As to the comment that parents should consider this when raising children, we
have little control over the month that we conceive. Public school children will
attend school for 13 years, regardless of the date they start. Changing the
admission criteria should have no impact on school crowding or budget. Parents
in favor of this proposal should inform their representatives.

Gretchen Thompson, St. PetersburgThe power of the arts

  Thank you for the moving and inspiring article and photos on the triumph of
the human spirit through the arts, An exceptional experience (April 29).

Linda Clark is a most exceptional and courageous teacher, mentor, supporter of
arts education and a wonderful musician in her own right. This outstanding
production and the overwhelmingly positive changes that took place in the lives
of the young performers and their families show how profoundly important
participation in the arts is to students in every school and program.

Through the rigorous rehearsal process and performing, they learned how to work
together to create solutions to a wide variety of challenges, manage their
resources and work within a fixed time schedule to learn dialogue, music and
dance routines and appreciate the special gifts and talents that they each
possess and were willing to share. What a wonderful evening it must have been!

Kay Campbell, Clearwater

Teacher deserves applause

  How wonderful it was to see a story as heartwarming as An Exceptional
Performance make the front page on April 29!

These students are "gifted" beyond their years. A round of applause to their
wonderful teacher at Tyrone Middle School, Linda Clark, for inspiring these
young people to see the "exceptional" in all of us.

Lyda Graser, St. Petersburg

A misleading cartoon

Re: Chip Bok cartoon, May 1.

I note with dismay that this is the second time that a pro-breast-implant item
has appeared in the St. Petersburg Times. It is now known that these implants do
not last a lifetime and that they will need constant replacement due to rupture
and leakage. I speak for myself as well as tens of thousands of silicone toxic
sick women.

I have been an avid supporter of the St. Petersburg Times and would greatly
welcome an article written to explain the other side of the breast-implant
issues and the risks involved. The implications of this cartoon are that
implants will last thousands of years, which is untrue, unscientific and
insulting.

Lee Silverstein, retired registered nurse, St. Petersburg

Releasing diaries went too far

Re: "Dear Journal: It's me, Valessa," April 25.

What are we doing publishing the diaries of a teenage girl? Are we not supposed
to ask this question since the American government has the right to do whatever
it wants? Wasn't it agreed that the diaries had no bearing on the evidence of
Valessa Robinson's case? Hadn't the verdict already been rendered?

  With such being the case, one can only reason that the releasing of these
diaries only serves to fan the salacious and ghoulish interests of the members
of our society who take delight in rummaging through a person's dirty laundry.
Regardless of what crimes she has committed, do we wish ours to be a
heavy-handed police state, with the ultimate power to make the most intimate
things public? Is it our desire to take the most tender, vulnerable thoughts
that exist in the mind of a teenage girl and fiendishly wave them in the air
like a soiled banner of revenge?

Think back to when you were young and insecure. Try to remember when you were
unsure of yourself, wondering if you had enough attraction to impress the
opposite sex. Remember how easily embarrassed you were? Are those the kinds of
thoughts that any teenage girl should have broadcast on national airwaves? What
kind of country have we become?

Brad Jackson, Tampa

Remember V-E Day

  Exactly 55 years ago today, May 8, 1945, was V-E Day (Victory in Europe). For
those of us who participated in World War II in the European Theater of
Operations, V-E Day meant that Germany was defeated and had surrendered - the
war was over. Thousands of men and women in the service could breathe a sigh of
relief - no more fighting, at least on the European continent.

On this day, you will find no parades, celebrations or fanfare as there are on
some national holidays. As a matter of fact, you will not even find V-E Day
listed on calendars. But for those of us who were there, fighting and risking
our lives every day, yes, this became a very special and memorable day, never to
be forgotten.

For a brief recollection of events that led up to V-E Day for young people as
well as some older ones, I submit the following: On April 30, 1945, Adolf Hitler
committed suicide in a bunker under the city of Berlin. The Russians, coming
from the east, took Berlin on May 2, 1945. The Germans quickly organized a new
government and then surrendered unconditionally on May 8, 1945. This was a
joyous day for Americans - half of World War II was brought to an end. V-J Day
(Victory Over Japan), was yet to come.

The war in Europe proved to be very costly with thousands of lives lost and
thousands more wounded, with no way to live a normal life again. For those of us
who returned home unscathed, we were indeed very fortunate. That's why V-E Day,
May 8 of every year, must always be commemorated and never forgotten.

Jack Keller Sr., veteran, 8th Air Force, Belleair Bluffs

A surprising admission

  Your May 1 item Poll: Some journalists avoid or soften story states that
approximately 40 percent of "journalists" sometimes report something other than
the facts of a story when truthfulness doesn't suit their own agenda. I am
surprised - not by the results of the poll, but by the fact that it was printed.

I bet it was a surprise to the journalists' editors, too, since they had every
reason to expect their reporters to avoid the truth in a poll as avidly as they
avoid the truth in reporting.

Good heavens, even the St. Petersburg Times has occasionally been suspected of
permitting editorial policy to influence otherwise factual reporting.

R.J. Radford, Clearwater

Disappointing tactics

Re: Blue-blood breakup, May 5.

Is this the way the Times is attempting to increase its falling circulation? How
disappointing, at least to those of us who expect to see news of more
consequence on the front page.

Mary Berglund, St. Petersburg

Share your opinions

We invite readers to write to us. Letters for publication should be addressed to
Letters to the Editor, P.O. Box 1121, St. Petersburg, FL 33731.

They can be sent by e-mail to letters@sptimes.com or by fax to (727) 893-8675.

They should be brief and must include the writer's name, address and phone
number. Please include a handwritten signature when possible.

Letters may be edited for clarity, taste and length. We regret that not all
letters can be published.


LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE CARTOON, Don Addis; Under a headline that says "Bikers
to ride without helmets" a headless motorcyclist speeds away wondering if he
forgot anything important, while his head sits on the ground.

TYPE: LETTER

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              258 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                      April 23, 2001 Monday Final Edition

Ignoring sexual assaults on inmates demeans us

SOURCE: The Hamilton Spectator

SECTION: COMMENT; Pg. C02

LENGTH: 375 words


Prison violence: Sexual abuse leaves scars

Prison guards and wardens routinely turn a blind eye as prisoners in their
custody commit vicious sexual assaults on their fellow inmates because convicted
criminals enjoy little public sympathy. Rampant sexual abuse behind prison walls
scars its victims for life, transmits HIV, and mocks the constitutional
prohibition against cruel and unusual punishment.

A disturbing new report by Human Rights Watch documents how rape in America's
prisons has become commonplace, although there are no reliable national
statistics on the exact scale of the problem. Nearly half of all states compile
no statistics on rape, and most states report abuse rates far below those found
by academic researchers. An academic study of inmates in men's prisons in four
Midwestern states found that as many as one in five prisoners reported at least
one instance of forced sexual contact since being incarcerated, while 7 per cent
reported they had been raped.

No less than rape against women, prison rape among men is more a crime of
violence and power than one of sex. Sexual aggression can be a means of
expressing revenge, racial prejudice, homophobia or physical and psychological
control.

America's two million prison inmates have been lawfully deprived of their
liberty, but they have not been sentenced to physical and psychological abuse.
Yet, Human Rights Watch found that prison authorities rarely investigate
complaints of rape and prison rapists rarely face criminal charges. Most prisons
make little effort to prevent sexual assaults and provide minimal attention for
victims.

Political will is needed to hold state corrections authorities accountable for
criminal violence carried out in state institutions. Unfortunately, politicians
are moving in the opposite direction. Federal laws enacted in the last decade
reduced the number of lawyers available to litigate on behalf of prison inmates,
and they made it more difficult for inmates to challenge the conditions of their
confinement. The political impulse to be tough on violent crime is
understandable. The vengeful inclination to disregard it when the victims are
serving time for crimes of their own demeans us all.

--New York Times

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                    Copyright 2001 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              259 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                           September 4, 2008 Thursday
                         1 - All-round Country Edition

Conservative of the future

BYLINE: GREG SHERIDAN, FOREIGN EDITOR

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1267 words


The hysteria of the liberal Left over the appointment of Sarah Palin exposes
their hypocrisy

SARAH Palin is the most brilliant, bold, risky, dynamic-changing and
consequential choice of vice-presidential running mate that John McCain could
possibly have made. The reactions, pro and con, are incredible. Palin is now the
most searched name on the internet. The Republicans raised more money online the
day Palin was announced than ever before in this campaign.

The left-liberal media in the US are in a panic. And their loyal Australian
imitators are regurgitating a stream of derivative anti-Americanism and cultural
sneering entirely imitative of their big brothers at The New York Times.

The US political contest is thus poised at a delicate and fascinating moment.
It's like the key seconds in a judo bout, to see who gets the better hold and
executes the throw. The liberal establishment will try to blitzkrieg Palin into
oblivion by charging that she is an extremist, a nut and corrupt. If the liberal
elites fail in this, they risk mainstream America seeing their attacks on Palin
as attacking the American heartland. Democrats should know from bitter
experience that that kind of polarisation leads directly to Democratic defeat.

Thus we had The New York Times' Maureen Dowd, notoriously the silliest columnist
in North America, who has never shown any evidence that a serious or worthwhile
thought has ever passed through her addled head, sneering at Palin over the
Christian names of her children. Imagine The New York Times' reaction if someone
wrote a column sneering at the name Barack. But anti-Christian prejudice is
licensed in the elite American media. The hypocrisy and cultural prejudice are
obvious. Almost as a direct counterpoint to Dowd, another liberal columnist, the
more serious Bob Herbert, wrote a cautionary piece advising fellow liberals to
be very, very careful about the terms in which they attacked Palin. He could
sense the danger.

Democratic politics involves a judgment of both policy and character. The voter
answers two questions: do I agree with this candidate's policies, and do I
believe this candidate has the character and experience for high office? Palin
answers both these questions in ways that are deeply troubling for Democrats.
Amazingly, she has the potential both to energise the Republican base, capture
more women voters and appeal to independents.

It's wrong to see her choice as McCain going for a right-winger over a centrist
such as his good friend Joe Lieberman. Although she is certainly a conservative,
the left/right analysis doesn't capture Palin.

Her political story, and her personal story, are compelling. Politics first. In
the mid-'90s Palin ran for the town council of Wasilla, where she lives, about
an hour north of Anchorage, Alaska. She then ran for mayor, won and was
re-elected comfortably. She ran the town -- population about 9000 -- well,
cutting taxes and instituting a police force.

The corrupt Republican establishment which ran Alaska considered her for a
casual vacancy in the Senate. She was overlooked and instead appointed to the
Alaska Oil and Gas Conservation Council. This is a powerful body which oversees
Alaska's energy policy. On this council she found her Republican colleagues were
behaving corruptly. She protested their behaviour but got nowhere so resigned in
disgust. The Republican she complained about was later booted off the
commission, and paid a record fine.

Palin then ran for governor against the hitherto immensely powerful Republican
incumbent. She beat him in a landslide in the Republican primary. She then beat
a former Democratic governor in the general election. She has since then cut
taxes, cut wasteful pork-barrel spending, got a natural gas pipeline started,
overcome the influence of oil and gas companies on the state's energy policy
and, two years into her term, has an approval rating over 80 per cent, the
highest in the US.

This domestic political story makes Palin the most successful governor in the
US. Again, the double standard and hypocrisy of liberal commentators who demean
all this is obvious. Did they demean Bill Clinton because he was the governor of
the very small state of Arkansas? Hillary Clinton talks of her lifetime of
political achievement. Much of that involves not even being governor of a small
state, such as Clinton or Sarah Palin, but being the wife of a governor of a
small state.

Much of what excited McCain about Palin is that she achieved in Alaska what he
wants to achieve nationally. She put integrity first in politics, is a political
reformer, fought the Republican Party establishment, and came out on top. That's
exactly how McCain wants his own script to read. The idea that with these
political achievements she could be called inexperienced in comparison with
Barack Obama is absurd.

Like Obama, she is obviously untutored and inexperienced in foreign policy. But
she is not running for president, but vice-president. It is routine to balance a
ticket with one having more foreign, and one more domestic, experience. Within a
very short time as McCain's vice-president, Palin would be at ease in
international affairs.

But it is the personal life of Palin that most liberal commentators can't bear.
And they can't bear it because it threatens their world view. Palin is a happy
conservative warrior who exudes vitality and a natural gratitude for all the
wonders of life and all the wonders of America. She is a pro-life Christian. The
liberal media wants politically active Christians to present like Elmer Gantry:
dreadful, corrupt hypocrites. They should look like Jerry Falwell if they're men
or Tammy Faye Bakker if they're women. They should not be so radiantly normal
and happy as Palin.

Palin is 44. She has five children. She is married to a Joe Six-Pack kind of
guy, a sportsman, oil rig worker and unionist, who mostly leaves the politics to
his wife. Palin's oldest son is about to go to Iraq with the US military.
McCain's sons have served in Iraq as well. The liberal critique that
conservative policy-makers want other families to pay the price of their
policies won't wash with McCain or Palin.

Similarly, Palin is anti-abortion, a far more mainstream position in the US than
in Australia. During her pregnancy with her fifth child she was told he would
suffer from Down syndrome. She went ahead with the pregnancy and the profound
commitment to looking after her youngest son for the rest of her life.

This is a woman who lives according to what she says. Now it transpires that her
17-year-old daughter is pregnant. She will have the child. In the way of these
things, this irrelevant controversy could yet destroy Palin's position, as could
the slew of truly micro-scandals the media is obsessing about: her husband got a
drink-driving ticket in the mid-'80s, for heaven's sake. If the media can frame
the Palin story that way, it could destroy her.

If it doesn't, Palin's effect on the campaign could be explosive. She is a
huntin' and fishin' kinda gal. She loves Alaska's great outdoors. Famously, she
won one beauty pageant and came second in Miss Alaska 1984. This kind of thing
drives the left-liberal mind absolutely nuts. With all the good, and the many
challenges, in her life, Palin exudes the optimistic, sunny, distinctive
personality of the great American west. She could play very well in the rocky
mountain states and in the critical Midwest. Incidentally, she's the first woman
on a Republican ticket. But that's the least of her accomplishments. If American
conservatism has a future, it could look a lot worse than Palin.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              260 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                              March 6, 2015 Friday

BBC Monitoring quotes from Israeli Arabic press 6 Mar 15

LENGTH: 565 words


The following is a selection of quotes from Israeli Arabic press 6 Mar 15:

Binyamin Netanyahu

The talk about disagreements between Israel and the USA over Iran is aimed at
"making the world to forget" that Israel possesses "scores, perhaps hundreds, of
nuclear bombs".

Kul Al-Arab [independent]: [From commentary by Zaydan Khalaylah] "Do not be
deceived by the talk about disagreements between Israel and America, the alleged
tension between Netanyahu and Obama and the alleged danger to Israel... All this
is part of a plan aimed at casting dust in the eyes... Netanyahu has succeeded
in making the world forget facts on the ground - that Israel possesses scores,
perhaps hundreds, of nuclear bombs and missiles and all manner of weapons of
mass destruction, while Iran develops a peaceful nuclear programme that has the
potential of developing nuclear weapons, and its plan is supervised by
international organizations, while Israel's nuclear plan and weapons are
supervised by no one, and no one dares to ask about them. It is the golden era
of Netanyahu and Israel; no wonder Netanyahu walks intoxicated beside his wife,
Sarah, who is more intoxicated than him, for she is the wife of the strongest
man in the world, stronger than Obama, whom he does not count..."

General elections

Arab-Palestinians should make every effort to increase their participation in
the forthcoming elections so that they can achieve victory and more
representation in parliament.

Al-Ittihad [organ of the Communist Party] [From editorial] "As election day
draws near, the masses of the [Israeli] Arab-Palestinian minority are aware that
it faces an important challenge... Let us exert every effort to reach every
house in every town all over our country and urge participation in the making of
the victory of the Joint List, which is a victory for the causes, rights and
demands of our people that will constitute a resounding slap to all the symbols
of racism that deludes themselves that they can harm our masses, their rights
and dignity. Let us sincerely work together for the achievement of victory for
these steadfast masses in their only homeland, and for the biggest
representation for the Joint List in the Knesset..."

Charlie Hebdo

Those that hate Islam, its holy places, and people, will face God's wrath for
their crimes which demean the religion and its faithful.

Sawt Al-Haq wal-Hurriyah [organ of the Islamic Movement] [From editorial]
"Ha'aretz reported yesterday that the so-called Israeli 'high' court responded
to an appeal to discuss again the distribution of the offending issue of the
French magazine Charlie Hebdo which the court had previously decided to allow
Lieberman and his party to distribute within the context of his election
campaign for the Zionist Knesset. The report said that the court would hear the
issue again while allowing the fascists to continue distributing the magazine
that offended the Greatest Prophet [Muhammad], and that should it decide to ban
it, this would only apply to similar attempts in the future... The Israel court
can issue whatever verdicts it likes; for us they are unjust verdicts... As for
Lieberman and those with him, their crimes shall not escape the punishment of
God; their hatred of Islam, its holy places and people will only further demean
them until they reach the moment when they will wish they had brains in their
heads."

Sources: As given

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2015 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              261 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Valdosta Daily Times (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 16, 2008 Wednesday

EDITORIAL: Wilcox: Mockery of justice?

BYLINE: The Valdosta Daily Times, Ga.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 644 words


Apr. 16--Whether you agree with the decision or not, whether you think he is
guilty or not, the handling of Keller Wilcox's parole raises questions about the
process.

Last week, the State Board of Pardons and Paroles announced that Wilcox will be
paroled, and soon released, after spending more than 25 years in prison for the
1972 murder of Hellen Griffin Hanks. Wilcox will be banished for life from
Lowndes County, meaning he can't live in Lowndes County; prohibited from
contacting members of Hanks' family; he will be required to wear an
electronic-monitoring device.

The parole decision is the latest chapter in a long, sad saga. Hanks was
reported missing in 1972, never returning home from her job with Wilcox
Advertising Agency, owned by Keller Wilcox Sr. Her body was found in 1980 when a
man was clearing land off Indian Creek Road. Hanks' remains were discovered in a
Wilcox Advertising Agency box.

In July 1981, Wilcox Jr. was charged with murder, and his father was charged
with concealing a death and hindering the apprehension of a criminal. Following
trial, Wilcox was convicted and sentenced to life. In 1985, his conviction was
overturned and he was freed. In 1987, an appeal led to him being returned to
prison.

Throughout these events and through the years, Wilcox maintained he did not kill
Hanks, until he wrote a 2006 letter to the parole board insinuating
responsibility for the murder. While Wilcox was denied parole on several
occasions in the past, the confession letter likely spurred the parole board's
recent decision to release him.

If the letter was key to his release, it almost sounds like something from the
Salem witch trials of centuries past: If a person was innocent, she would sink
and drown; if a witch, she would float, live, and then be executed. With Wilcox,
he could never win parole as long as he maintained his innocence but, once he
confessed to having killed, he can be released. This makes a mockery of common
sense, and seems to render a confession as not so much a potential admission of
guilt but, rather, a ploy for freedom, whether guilty or innocent. It demeans
our judicial system.

For Hanks' family, and those who have long insisted on Wilcox's guilt, what
likely demeans our judicial system is Wilcox being granted parole at all.
Confession or not, a life sentence for murder is supposed to mean imprisonment
until freed by death not until the parole board decides just how many years of a
convicted murderer's life equates to the brutal slaying of a mother of three
children.

"When he was sentenced to life, it meant he should serve life," Steve Griffin,
Hanks' brother, told The Valdosta Daily Times. "In my opinion, his confession
was purely nothing ... it just didn't mean anything. He took my sister's life
and he should give his life."

The confession and the subsequent parole raise the questions: Did an innocent
man confess in order to be freed after years of being wrongfully imprisoned? Or
is a killer, who should remain in jail for his deeds, about to be free?

In Wilcox's case, different folks have different answers to these questions. As
there are those who swear by his guilt, there is also a contingent of people who
believe that Wilcox was wrongfully convicted of the crime.

The circumstances around Wilcox's parole won't likely change any minds. But the
Wilcox case should cause all reasonable citizens to stop and question the
process used for granting paroles.

To see more of The Valdosta Daily Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.valdostadailytimes.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Valdosta Daily
Times, Ga. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080416-VD-EDITORIAL-Wilcox-Mockery-of-justice-0416

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VD


                                 Copyright 2008


                              262 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                           December 28, 2013 Saturday

LENGTH: 678 words


It's just one of countless holiday cards, stacked in a basket on our hall table.
Our friends Kevin and Grant are holding their twin sons, Gustav and Alton, while
each toddler clutches a brightly colored leaf in his tiny hand.

Yes, 2013 has been the "worst year" of President Obama's tenure and the country
is in a sour mood. By a margin of more than 2 to 1, Americans think we're headed
in the "wrong direction." This Congress has been the least productive in
history, and its favorable rating stands at a dismal 13 percent.

But in one important way, 2013 has been the best year ever: the advancement of
gay rights. A federal judge last week made Utah the 18th state to sanction gay
marriage, and Gallup reports that "public opinion on gay marriage has reached a
tipping point, whereby the majority now clearly supports it."

That Christmas card explains why. Many Americans got ones like it this year, and
what's so significant about them is that they're now so ordinary. Gay couples
are our friends and neighbors, relatives and co-workers. And they are caring for
each other - and their children - with the same devotion as any straight family.

The Utah ruling is only the latest landmark in a year filled with them:

- A half-dozen states expanded marriage rights and close to half of all
Americans now live in states "that offer some protection for gay couples,"
according to the website Freedom to Marry.

- Pope Francis extended a hand of welcome to gay Catholics in July, saying, "If
they accept the Lord and have goodwill, who am I to judge them? They shouldn't
be marginalized ... They're our brothers."

- The Supreme Court struck down the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) in June that
had barred legally married same-sex couples from receiving a host of federal
benefits. That ruling has triggered many changes. Just last week, reports The
Washington Post, the U.S. Navy announced it would "provide military benefits to
gay couples stationed in Japan after previously denying dependent status to
same-sex spouses there."

- President Obama named three openly gay athletes to his official delegation at
the Sochi Olympics in February. "We don't make distinctions on the basis of
sexual orientation," Obama told a year-end news conference.

With seven out of 10 Americans under 30 supporting gay marriage, Republican
strategists are increasingly worried that the issue will spell political trouble
for the GOP in the future.

Conservatives have always argued that same-sex unions demean and degrade
traditional marriage, but exactly the opposite is true.

These couples are not tearing down the institution. They're rushing to join it.

In Utah, hundreds of couples flooded government offices applying for marriage
licenses within hours of the judge's ruling. Mayor Ralph Becker of Salt Lake
City, home to the Mormon Church, one of the nation's most conservative
denominations, called the scene "thrilling pandemonium."

"We knew it was something we had to do," Jeffrey Gomez told The New York Times
after leaving work and rushing to the city clerk's office with his partner,
James Goodman. "This is my home, and I never thought I'd be able to get married
here. I feel like a real person."

A series of court rulings have reflected - and reinforced - these human
emotions. In the Utah case, for instance, Judge Robert J. Shelby strongly
rejected the notion that couples like Gomez and Goodman were somehow threatening
traditional values.

"The state's current laws deny its gay and lesbian citizens their fundamental
right to marry," he wrote, "and in so doing, demean the dignity of these
same-sex couples for no rational reason."

Too often in the past year, on too many issues, public policy has been dominated
by ideological crusaders. When it comes to gay marriage, however, reason and
reality have frequently triumphed.

This year, for the first time, many gays and lesbians felt like "real people" in
the eyes of the law. And many kids like Gustav and Alton, the tots on our
Christmas card, are growing up in real families - recognized and respected by
their community and their country.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              263 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            October 31, 2014 Friday
                                 SOONER EDITION

CATCALLS VIDEO SHOWS MALES' UGLY SIDE

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. A-2

LENGTH: 733 words


Sometimes the difference between knowing something intellectually and
understanding it can be measured in the impact of a YouTube video gone viral.

Of course I "knew" that a lot of women had to run a gantlet of catcalls, leers
and uninvited comments from strangers as they passed construction sites or
simply walked down the street. I'm not ashamed to admit that I didn't truly
"understand" the sheer boorishness of the problem until I saw a video
documenting what happened to former Pittsburgher and CAPA graduate Shoshana B.
Roberts as she walked the streets of New York.

Striding purposefully through all parts of Manhattan while an accomplice with a
hidden camera walked a few paces ahead of her, Ms. Roberts, 24, wore her best
"No Means No" face as she endured a litany of comments and solicitations used
daily to compliment, demean, embarrass, humiliate, intimidate and woo women.

The 10 hours that Ms. Roberts spent being hooted at, objectified, propositioned
and briefly stalked by two creepy guys who walked alongside her uninvited has
been condensed into a two-minute YouTube video that quickly garnered more than
15 million views.

The video is the brainchild of Hollaback, a New York-based nonprofit that
highlights street harassment and the culture of oppression it engenders. Ms.
Roberts, an aspiring actress, answered a casting call to star in the video. She
has been perfectly cast as the confident-yet-wary protagonist who must pass
through a scrum of insensitive men with pixilated faces while maintaining her
dignity.

It is a provocative video that forces us to recognize some very uncomfortable
truths about ourselves. Men who would never dream of shouting racial epithets or
disparaging someone's religion feel that propositioning a woman should be
considered a compliment until proven otherwise.

They believe that it is understood that it is every heterosexual male's duty to
spread his seed among as many grateful wombs as possible. That way the culture
will always have a steady supply of misogynists, misanthropes, losers and
scoundrels to keep things interesting.

The video has already generated detractors at both political extremes. Some on
the left object to what they consider selective editing on the part of the
filmmaker, so that the majority of the harassers portrayed are men of color
instead of the full range of harassers available in New York.

Some on the right argue that "polite salutations" to a pretty woman walking down
the street are too often conflated with carnal intentions and rape fantasies.
The so-called flattering brutality of the catcall is just what some women need
to feel desirable on a bad hair day, according to these simpletons.

As for the misplaced lament that the video isn't racially representative, one
need look no further than the leering cast of Fox News' "The Five" to realize
how silly that objection is.

On Wednesday's show, Eric Bolling, a white man if ever there was one, declared
that it was difficult to detect any verbal harassment at all in the video and
that Ms. Roberts had, in fact, been the recipient of many compliments.

Meanwhile, resident "comedian" Greg Gutfeld said that if those same words had
been uttered to Ms. Roberts in a bar or at a supermarket, she wouldn't have felt
so disrespected.

Bob Beckel summed up the consensus on "The Five" in his own inimitable way: "She
got 100 catcalls, let me add 101," he said, leaning into the camera with evil
intent to add, "Damn, babe, you're a piece of woman!"

Imagine the nightmares Ms. Roberts will have once she comes across the video of
the show's token liberal leering at her like she was a hamburger made to order.
Given everything that Mr. Beckel knew about the video-makers' intentions, he was
actually less respectful of Ms. Roberts' humanity than most of the men who tried
to get her attention on the street. He knows better but chose to be ignorant.

In the end, our sexual politics don't have to be as messed up as they are, but
far too many of us prefer to live in an alternate universe where gestures,
catcalls and hoots that demean women can also be interpreted as sources of
glamour and self-esteem.

I'm sure Shoshana Roberts would have felt a lot better about humanity had she
been able to walk down the streets of Manhattan while eliciting nothing stronger
than smiles and yawns. We would all be better off if the video she helped make
wasn't so terribly true to life.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Tony Norman: tnorman@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1631; Twitter
@TonyNormanPG.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              264 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           November 4, 2015 Wednesday

Troubled childhood

LENGTH: 1631 words


By Lois M. Collins

Deseret News

Kate Romero kept her head down most of her childhood growing up in Detroit. She
hid the anger, defiance and depression that resulted from years of being abused,
belittled and neglected.

She longed to be in foster care. When she was old enough, she left.

"I appreciate they gave me a reference point of how I did not want to be," said
Romero, now a relationship coach in Studio City, California. She is writing a
memoir chronicling her childhood and some difficult adult years that saw new
relationships end badly until, at age 37, she decided to do things differently
for her sake and that of her son.

A book by therapist Susan Forward changed Romero's course. The premise of "Toxic
Parents" is that the effects of parents who abuse, demean and otherwise stunt
their children's future and sense of self-worth may be overcome by those willing
to live differently from the way they were raised.

Forward wrote that you don't have to forgive but you do have to take
responsibility for moving ahead if you want to leave the past behind. Romero
decided healing was possible, and she intended to do whatever it took, including
developing a sense of her own value.

Many different behaviors mark toxic family relationships. Not all are as
dramatic as what Romero endured, but they are still potentially harmful for
children and their futures. Experts offer long lists of poisonous behaviors,
some quite common, including parents who demean each other, keep secrets, are
emotionally absent, are heavily addicted, are abusive or are neglectful.
Siblings can also develop toxic relationships, often influenced by their
parents' behaviors.

Defining toxic

"Toxic relationships" is a euphemism for abusive relationships that form a cycle
of disrespect, contempt and control, said Elle Nicole, a relationship coach in
Chicago. Abuse can be physical, psychological, emotional, verbal, sexual or
financial.

"Most often, there is some level of psychological, emotional or verbal abuse
where one or more partner(s) may belittle, criticize, cheat, lie and put the
relationship in a continual pattern of stress and negativity," she said. Some
people consider such a relationship "passionate." It's just troubled.

Stan Tatkin, author of "Wired for Love," said the toxic behavior he sees in his
couples therapy practice in Calabasas, California, undermines the safety and
security of the relationship. It creates upheaval. Arguments are not toxic by
definition, though, unless they are done in a way that threatens the
relationship.

Narcissistic behavior is toxic, but so is playing the victim or continually
churning up drama, said Patrick Wanis, a relationship coach who works with
clients on both coasts.

If a father seems to be "always angry," a child may absorb that and be angry
himself or internalize it and feel the mother's depression and pain. How a child
internalizes depends largely on with which parent the child aligns more. A child
who witnesses abuse is also more likely to abuse others.

In toxic relationships, "it's hard for children to understand what's real and
how things should be," said Paul Coleman, a psychologist in Wappinger Falls, New
York. Families often keep secrets, such as the abusive parent who appears
friendly and normal to outsiders, or the children and spouse who are not allowed
to tell anyone the other parent is an addict.

Childhood may take place in a heightened state of alertness or fear where
children believe they cause the misery around them. They must learn to navigate
seemingly double standards, he said: "If I scream at you, it's because you
provoked me. If you scream back, you are being hurtful or disrespectful."

Causing real harm

Such relationships can lead to depression, addictive behaviors, physical
ailments, low self-esteem, self-harm and more. The impact on children is the
most devastating, Nicole said.

Personalities form during childhood, so children need loving and stable home
environments. Children may deal with the effects of toxic environments for a
lifetime, "choosing poor partners once they get older and even developing
personality disorders," she said. "Children who grow up in these environments
often learn inappropriate ways of regulating and expressing emotion, and this
can lead to behavior problems in school, tantrums, self-harm and even
sociopathic behaviors, in extreme cases."

Not all problem behaviors are dramatic; even eye-rolling and put-downs exact a
price in how people feel about themselves and each other. But the price for kids
may be lifelong without intervention. Tatkin said kids whose parents treat each
other contemptuously may suffer life-shortening ills. People in insecure
relationships become accident-prone, less focused and simply not as nice. A
longevity bonus that research says goes with marriage disappears if the marriage
is toxic.

Kids learn how to "do relationships" from parents and may consider something
quite normal when it's really toxic, increasing risk for forming similarly
miserable relationships as they grow, said Lourdes Viado, a marriage and family
therapist in Las Vegas. Children may also take on parental roles, growing up too
soon. "That child is also likely to fall into the parent role in other areas of
life: with friends, attracting people who need to 'be fixed' and becoming overly
responsible."

They are apt to seek connection, love, support and nurturing from outside
sources, she said, making them more vulnerable to negatives such as drugs and
alcohol, or to turn inward, becoming isolated and internalizing problems.

Especially harmful is a parent who expects the child to fulfill the parent's
emotional needs, Wanis said.

A new study from Michigan State University researchers found problems with that
as well. It calls it "parentification" - which includes having children provide
child care, do an excessive amount of household chores and meet others'
emotional needs - and said it hampers future parenthood. New moms who had
childhoods like that don't prioritize their baby's needs over their own needs
and they're less warm.

Fixing what's broken

Parents can help their children overcome damage inflicted because of bad
relationships, including the parents'. "Children biologically and
psychologically need their parents to be in love to feel secure and go about the
business of being children," Tatkin said. The good news, he added, is when
parents treat each other better, children can recover almost immediately. They
become less stressed, and behavior improves quickly.

Often, it's a matter of stopping the behavior that undermines the relationship;
even small steps make huge differences. It's possible to end a dysfunctional
cycle that sweeps through families by choosing to change direction, said Tina B.
Tessina, a psychotherapist in Southern California who wrote "It Ends With You:
Grow Up and Out of Dysfunction."

Wanis recommends becoming aware, committing to change and finding some help,
whether a book, a class or therapy. "It's very rare someone can use the same
mindset that created the problem to heal the problem," he said.

Parents need to keep adult things private, Tessina warned. Kids don't need to
know you have a hangover or the gory details of your dating life if you're
single. If you must fight, do it elsewhere. Letting children be children without
burdening them with adult conflicts helps preserve their future.

Most important, Tessina said, is facing things that harm you, including
addictions, bad health habits and bad behaviors. "Get help and work it out so
you don't pass it on to your kids," she said.

Change takes intention and practice.

"If people are to have happy and healthy relationships and show their children
how to do the same, they will need to learn to monitor their words and deeds on
an everyday basis. They have to learn to say what they mean and mean what they
say - without being mean about it," warned New York City-area relationship coach
Cindi Braff. "They need to catch themselves when they see that they are falling
back into their old, destructive patterns. After a while, these healthy patterns
of interacting with others will become a natural way for them to behave and
react."

Ruth Spalding, a social worker in Traverse City, Michigan, said parents who
don't want to repeat the toxic relationship of their parents can become
overprotective of their kids or overreact to conflict that is natural when older
kids become independent. She cautions parents to slow down: "You can say, 'I am
too mad to talk about this right now. I am going to calm down, but I promise
tomorrow I will be in a mindset to talk about it.' "

She warns against strategies such as pretending someone's not there. "That's a
nonviolent way of expressing anger, but it is really hurtful, especially to
kids. ... It's an abusive tactic."

Spalding believes motivated families can create healthy relationships from the
rubble of negative ones, although it takes work and sometimes long treatment. If
an adult who was part of a toxic family life won't make changes, relationships
may need to end, she said.

In situations where parents won't own up to their problem behaviors, healing may
only come if their children, like Romero, find a way to heal themselves.

Romero, 59, eventually let go of people who were not willing to work on their
issues. She looked at her failed adult relationships and realized she had to
respect and love herself - and seek only others who would do the same.

She is now happily married to a man she describes as "a keeper." He treats her
well, makes her laugh and values her, she said. "I absolutely love my life. It
was not predictable I would end up with this kind of life," she said. "I was
told I was dumb and ugly, and I lived immersed in negative messages. Now, I have
joy."

Email: lois@deseretnews.com

Twitter: Loisco

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              265 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                November 12, 1994 Saturday MORNING FINAL EDITION

WITH CHARITY FOR ALL CATHOLIC FUND DOES MORE THAN OFFER SUSTENANCE TO THE POOR;
IT EMPOWERS THEM

BYLINE: RICHARD SCHEININ, Mercury News Religion and Ethics Writer

SECTION: RELIGION; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 1904 words


RAQUEL Sancho's meetings with production workers from the electronics industry
happen all over the valley: "In churches, at the shopping mall, or even at the
karaoke," she says. She hands out surveys: Do they suffer from nausea, double
vision or coughing of blood? Have they had miscarriages?

Do they understand, these young men and women -- most of them new immigrants --
that some of the chemicals used by the electronics industry have been associated
with serious medical problems? Do they want to know more about it? To confront
management over health and safety issues? In other words, to get organized?

Sancho, a Filipino immigrant with a long history of community organizing in this
country and overseas, coordinates the fledgling Campaign to End the Miscarriage
of Justice. Founded two years ago as a vehicle for poor workers to take control
of their lives in the largely non-unionized electronics workplace, it is
sponsored by the Santa Clara Center for Occupational Safety and Health (SCCOSH)
and the Silicon Valley Toxics Coalition. These are prominent local watchdogs,
their names familiar to most people who follow environmental politics.

Less well-known is the role played by one of the poor workers' funding sources:
the Roman Catholic Church.

Sancho's program is one of 241 funded nationally this year by the church --
specifically by the contributions by tens of thousands of parishioners each year
on the Sunday before Thanksgiving. With the pitch of each dime and dollar into
the collection plate, parishioners join in the church's radical call to move
beyond simple charity to acts that expose social injustices and empower poor
people to redress them. The money is collected and distributed by the church's
Campaign for Human Development, established 24 years ago by the National
Conference of Catholic Bishops.

It raised $7.2 million last year -- more than $100,000 of it locally -- and has
been called the nation's largest funder of organizations run by poor people.
This is at a time when '60s-style "social action" programs seem to be out of
sync with the growing sentiment against the homeless, illegal immigrants and
recipients of social welfare. Despite this, CHD has spent about $125,000 locally
in the past year -- it received supplemental grants from the campaign's national
office in Washington, D.C. -- to help the organizing efforts of poor people in
the Santa Clara Valley.

"It's the right place for the church to be," says Terrie Iacino, a former nun
and Los Angeles barrio schoolteacher who runs CHD for the Roman Catholic Diocese
of San Jose. "It's one of the reasons I'm proud of being part of the church. The
poor will always be with us, and we should feed them and clothe them -- that's
what Jesus tells us in the Sermon on the Mount. But we also have to get to the
root causes of social injustice, so that institutional changes occur."

Iacino says the church's espousal of an across-the-board "consistent life ethic"
-- one that opposes abortion and the death penalty, fights human- rights
violations and works for international peace -- doesn't make sense unless it
also tries to improve the lives of the poor through "active work in the
community. People have to see that they needn't be locked into poverty forever,
that there is a way for them to transform their lives."

CHD, whose founders included a number of clergy from the Bay Area, attempts to
be a catalyst for change. At a time when rallying cries to empower the poor may
be out of favor, CHD might seem to be an anomaly. Yet for 25 years its
organizers have said it tries to offer "a hand up, not a handout" to the poor.
At least half the members of the board of directors for every CHD-funded program
must be poor people with a direct stake in the project. The campaign's
philosophy that full-blown social movements can grow out of small investments
has led to the establishment of some of the most effective grass-roots community
organizations in the valley. In fact, CHD supporters say, the campaign may
increasingly become a model for effecting social change without relying on
shrinking government subsidies.

A series of CHD grants -- small ones of well under $10,000 from the local CHD
committee, larger ones from the national office -- enabled the local community
group PACT (People Acting in Community Together) to establish itself as a
national model for church-based neighborhood organizing. CHD is a long- time
funder of ACTS Contributing to Solutions for the Homeless, a coalition that
advocates for transitional and permanent housing. It has supported the
organizing efforts of San Jose Hispanic cannery workers who were locked out of
union politics. A $10,000 CHD-instigated loan unlocked a much larger
contribution from the city of San Jose enabling families in Alviso to build
their own houses under the auspices of Habitat for Humanity.

Catholic criteria

The campaign will not fund projects that contradict Catholic teachings; Planned
Parenthood need not apply for a grant. In keeping with church pronouncements on
sexuality, CHD has funded Birthright, which counsels women on and assists them
with alternatives to abortion.

Dozens of other projects have been funded locally. Eritrean immigrants asked for
$4,000 to create an "acculturation" program to ease the stressful transition to
American life, especially for young people. CHD gave a series of grants to Raza
Si!, the Hispanic community group that educated immigrants about their workplace
rights in the mid-1980s. The group is now organizing parents in the San Jose
Unified School District to play active roles in the education of their children.
There are Raza Si! members in 29 of the district's 42 schools.

"Without CHD, we wouldn't exist," says Jorge Gonzalez, who directs the group.
"There are very few foundations . . . who will fund grass-roots organizing
projects. Most foundations expect you to deliver services. That's not what we
do. We organize parents to get involved in schools. We change power
relationships."

For the seven homeless men who live at St. Joseph Workerhouse in San Jose, "the
cards were dealt" years ago, says Sharon Miller, who supervises the residence
for the diocese. Their lives were upended as children by the deaths of parents,
as adults by divorce and other circumstances that befall so many people. The men
who live in and manage the CHD-supported house at 18th and East Julian streets
cut across racial, ethnic and economic lines.

Back on their feet

All work. All are required to maintain personal savings accounts. It is
anticipated that they will move back into the mainstream, as have dozens of
others who have lived at the Workerhouse since it was founded in 1983. That's
when Miller began walking Guadalupe Creek before dawn on Saturday mornings with
some of her colleagues, handing out coffee and Danish to homeless men and asking
them, "Why are you here?"

The Workerhouse's track record for straightening out lives in the years since
has been impressive. The men often "come back, open their wallets and give me
$20 for the house," Miller says. "They say, 'I'm doing great, and here's a $20
bill to help someone out, just like you helped me out.' It happens every week,
and it is humbling."

The Campaign for Human Development was an outgrowth of the civil-rights struggle
and inner-city community organizing of the 1960s. The Rev. Eugene Boyle, today
the pastor of St. Catherine of Alexandria Parish in Morgan Hill, ran an
inner-city parish in San Francisco in those years. He belonged to a group known
as the Catholic Committee on Urban Ministry, which grew to be a national network
of priests and lay people dedicated to solving social-justice problems. The
priests on this committee came up with the idea of establishing a national,
parish-based collection to spark "community organizing and teach the value,"
Boyle says, "of empowering people to get themselves out of this morass imposed
by society."

Boyle wrote the one-page summary of the concept that was distributed in 1970 at
a spring meeting of the National Conference of Catholic Bishops at San
Francisco's Fairmont Hotel, of all places, Boyle recalls. The bishops liked the
idea, and the Campaign for Human Development was born soon after, though it was
at times "difficult trying to get funding for this kind of thing," Boyle says.
"Community organizing was going to be confrontative to local government . . .
and some of these groups became very demanding and cranky.

"We tried like hell to make sure this money wouldn't just be siphoned off and
given in the old way, as a handout," Boyle continues. "The problem with the dole
is it demeans the person that receives it, and in many ways it demeans the
person who gives it. Believe me, I know there are people who come to my parish
who need something now . . .

"But if people can move beyond that and take possession of their lives, then
we're doing something."

After a quarter century, how successfully has the campaign met its goal of
transforming a society that's filled with injustice?

"What do you use as a measure of success?" asks Terry Johnston, a San Jose
clinical psychologist who helped shepherd CHD through its formative years as a
member of the committee that allocates its funds. "Were some people's lives
changed? For both the people on the committee and the people who were doing the
organizing, I would say yes . . . and I would say it has changed some of the
people who gave money on the Sunday morning before Thanksgiving and got to hear
about people whose lives were touched by that. Because most people don't know
what's off the main roads, you know."

Realization

Sometimes people don't recognize what's staring them in the face.

Three years ago, Sister Mary Peter McCusker and other clergy at Most Holy
Trinity Church on the East Side realized that the homeless men who congregated
at the intersection of King and Story roads each morning, looking for work, were
parishioners. Yet the church had no programs for reaching out to them.

In August 1992, using a $3,000 CHD grant, the parish opened a day-worker job
center in a vacant bakery at the intersection. The Centro de Ayuda -- or Center
for Help -- began registering the workers who came by each morning, and matching
them with appropriate employers. The staff taught basic record- keeping to the
workers -- where they worked, on what days and for how long -- to prevent their
getting stiffed by employers. The Santa Clara University law school opened a
free legal clinic in the building, and students filed 15 claims for non-payment
against employers in the first year, reclaiming $40,000 for the workers.

"But there was a time about a year and a half ago when it looked like the thing
was falling apart," McCusker says. "And so I decided to take the weekend off and
pray about it. And I picked up a book and read a chapter on discernment, which
is a way of listening to the call of God. 'What is God asking me to do right
now?' And the book said, 'Now read this parable,' and it turned out to be the
parable about the poor workers who toiled in the vineyard, at which point I just
dissolved, and when I stopped crying, said, 'OK, I'll keep going.' "

Most Holy Trinity's center has now found work for almost 1,000 poor workers.
"For me," says McCusker, "prayer that does not result in action is somehow
incomplete."

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: RELIGION & ETHICS

GRAPHIC: Photos (2);
PHOTO: RICHARD WISDOM -- MERCURY NEWS
Sharon Miller of St. Joseph Workerhouse, which helps homeless men move toward
the mainstream, encourages a resident named Richard.
941112 LI 1C 3
PHOTO: 'The problem with the dole is it demeans the person that receives it, and
in many ways it demeans the person who gives it. Believe me, I know there are
people who come to my parish who need something now . . . but if people can move
beyond that and take possession of their lives, then we're doing something. '
--The Rev. Eugene Boyle, St. Catherine of Alexandria Parish, Morgan Hill
941112 LI 11C

                     Copyright 1994 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              266 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                     March 17, 1997, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Hunting an audience: So-called shockumentaries use scenes of gratuitous animal
violence to grab bigger ratings.

BYLINE: ALEX STRACHAN; VANCOUVER SUN

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. D7

LENGTH: 1352 words


They've been called everything from exploitive to thinly disguised snuff films.

They are animal "shockumentaries" -- reality-based programs that show animals
attacking people -- and they are easily the most violent shows on television.

When Animals Attack III, which aired on Fox last month, was heavily promoted
with blurbs like, "They're big. They're bad. And they're biting back."

When Animals Attack featured, among other things, an animal trainer being chased
and attacked by a lion and Rottweilers raging out of control.

Previous shockumentaries have dwelled on footage of a circus elephant raging out
of control and being shot, and a bear mauling a man's face.

In the current television arena where ratings rule, it seems anything goes.

Fox Entertainment president Peter Roth told USA Today last month that these
types of films are not new, nor are they unique to Fox.

Traditional wildlife film-makers admit violence is an integral part of life in
the natural world, but they point out that shockumentaries reflect a distorted
view of reality by taking what would be a two-minute hunt from a typical
wildlife documentary and turning it into an entire program.

"We do have programs that show big animals eating little animals," said John
Panikkar, program director for Canada's Discovery Channel. "Anything with big
teeth is always a draw, because that's what people like to watch.

"The trouble with [shockumentaries], however, is the same as with some of the
reality-based cop shows: They show one side of a bigger picture to the exclusion
of everything else. Violence is part of the natural order of things, but if
that's all you show then you skew the picture."

Fred Kaufman, the New York-based executive producer of PBS's Nature for the past
15 years, is even more blunt.

"They're doing it for the ratings," Kaufman said, "pure and simple.

"For years, we've being trying to refute the myth of the ferocious animal that
attacks everything that gets in its way. For the most part, animals are not
aggressive. They attack when they feel they're threatened, or when their young
are in danger.

"To just blatantly put these shows out there, showing animals attacking people
without providing any context, is very unfair. It's doing nothing to help the
cause of the environment -- if anything, it's turning people off the natural
world. It demeans animals, and it demeans viewers. Basically, all they are is
home videos of disaster and violence."



LOAD-DATE: March 18, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1997 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              267 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           December 23, 2014 Tuesday
                                 METRO EDITION

READERS WRITE Police become the targets, and that can't stand

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 1123 words


RACIAL TENSION |

On Saturday, thousands flooded the atriums and corridors of the Mall of America
to protest police brutality. At roughly the same time in New York, two police
officers were ambushed and brutally murdered. Should we expect a protest in the
near future against civilian brutality toward police officers? Unfortunately, we
cannot; police have become the scapegoat of a racial-discrimination problem that
stems much further than law enforcement. Discrimination is a societal problem
that has been placed on police following horrible events in Missouri and New
York. In light of those events, it is no longer politically correct, nor are
people willing, to fight for the rights of those who work so hard to protect
ours. This all comes at a cost. Simply put, we cannot expect our law enforcement
officers to protect us if we cannot protect them.

Chris Rose, Eden Prairie

· · ·

I don't need to witness a shout-in at the Mall of America to understand that
black lives matter. My life matters, too, and these disruptive demonstrations
are not only ineffective, they tend to alienate those of us who are otherwise
supportive of their cause.

Daniel M. Mitchell, Chanhassen

· · ·

Setting aside the issue of whether a foreign-owned company receiving $250
million in assorted tax subsidies and breaks from the Minnesota Legislature
still constitutes absolute private property, during Saturday's demonstration at
the Mall of America I saw a multiracial, multigeneration citizenry peacefully
demonstrating about one of the most important issues of our times. I appreciate
that it inconvenienced some shoppers who might have had to wait an hour to get
into Old Navy, but I try to take a long view of American life. We are a big
country undergoing a generational shift in demographics and technology. Public
protest, even on private property, has been a feature of our democracy for 240
years - indeed, it gave birth to this great country. Sometimes democracy is
messy and inconvenient, but it is our history and, on balance, has served us
well. Tolerance of peaceful demonstration makes America stronger.

Ed Murphy, Minneapolis

· · ·

David Rubinstein's nauseating opinion on why "not profiling people is foolish
and dangerous" (Dec. 22) reads as a weak justification of racist practices that
have contributed to the killings of innocent black people at the hands of
police. His attempt to match racial profiling with the wariness that women have
on the street around men is grievously uninformed. The key difference between
racial profiling and women's wariness is who holds the power in the situation:
Cops hold undeniable legal power over the people they kill (as we have seen in
the recent lack of indictments), and

often racial power, as well, if the cops are white. When women "profile" men on
the street, it is because they are the historically and currently oppressed
group in the situation. Rubinstein's ignorant remark that "it is not clear that
race plays any role in police killings" makes me appalled that this professor of
sociology doesn't see the racism that happens every single day in America.

Caroline Stevens, Minneapolis

· · ·

Matthew Serbus and Dawn Pfister, gunned down on Hwy. 212 in February despite
posing no immediate threat to law enforcement officers who had an advantage of
four guns against one knife, were white. News that a Hennepin County grand jury
declined to indict the officers was announced Friday.

Were there protests locally or nationally? Did anyone burn buildings in Chaska,
where two of the officers work? Did national media report the story? No to all
of the above. Minnesotans, including the black community, went about their
business as if nothing were amiss.

As we have heard so frequently as of late, black lives matter. White ones
should, too.

Jason Gabbert, St. Cloud

· · ·

I was profoundly disappointed in the Star Tribune's decision to place "New York
cops die in ambush shooting" deep on Page A10 on Sunday. Yet the protest in the
Mall of America received front-page coverage. How in the world could there be
such a disconnect in editorial judgment when two stories, minimally of equally
importance, are treated so differently? The Wayzata Police Department posted a
similar question on its Facebook page this morning, while mourning the senseless
killings in New York.

Tom Vanderheyden, Wayzata

· · ·

While the tragic killing of two policemen in New York is a terrible, sad event
that should cause us all to reflect, the direction of the

discussion seems to be focusing on all of the inappropriate issues. The New York
police union, in the middle of bargaining over contracts, has taken this
opportunity to speak very inappropriately about the city's mayor and
administration. Former Mayor Rudy Giuliani seems to be seeking attention for
himself and his political views and perhaps his consulting business. Should not
the question be: What went wrong in the criminal-justice system that allowed a
man who has a history of 19 arrests and is mentally ill to be on the street and
owning a gun? Should we not focus on that investigation so this does not happen
to another police officer or other citizen? For now, may we give our thoughts
and concerns to the families who have lost loved ones.

John Fangman, Edina

· · ·

Who's to blame for the killing of two policemen in New York City and another in
Florida? Is it New York Mayor Bill de Blasio? Is it the protesters? Is it
President Obama? Is it the police force itself? Or Fox News, or Democrats, or
Republicans or the NRA? How about all of the above? How about every person in
this country who puts his or her rights ahead of the right to life of shooting
victims? How about every person who looks at someone who is different from
himself or herself and sees that person as frightening, evil, dangerous? How
about every person who uses racial epithets or demeans people for their sexual
identity? Every person who demeans a religion or a lack of religion? How about
the thousand or so gun-toting dudes who booed Gabby Gifford? How about all of
the members of grand juries and prosecutors who refuse to put a cop on trial for
killing an unarmed individual? How about you and me? Are we part of the mob that
creates this kind of environment of hate? Or are we voices of calm, reason and
love? It starts and ends with us.

Robert Veitch, Richfield

HOLIDAY DECORATIONS

In season of darkness, a spirit of light

Many thanks to all of the residents and businesses who take the time and expense
to display outdoor holiday decorations. Seeing the beautiful lights - from
modest one-strand efforts to wonderful, over-the-top light shows - makes the
world seem a little brighter. Thanks for generously sharing holiday joy with
neighbors and strangers alike.

Leslie Coburn, St. Paul

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              268 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Burbank Leader (Glendale, California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 7, 2016 Saturday

After sheriff's chief of staff, former Burbank deputy chief resigns, questions
remain

BYLINE: Alene Tchekmedyian, Burbank Leader, Glendale, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 929 words


May 07--After a top Los Angeles County sheriff's official resigned amid mounting
criticism over emails he forwarded mocking Muslims, blacks, Latinos, women and
others while he worked at the Burbank Police Department, local leaders voiced
concerns about how Burbank officials handled the discovery of the correspondence
two years ago.

NEWSLETTER: Stay up to date with what's going on in the 818 >>

Tom Angel, who recently stepped down as Sheriff Jim McDonnell's chief of staff,
sent the emails in 2012 and 2013, when he was the No. 2 police official in
Burbank, hired to reform a department reeling from allegations of police
brutality, racism and sexual harassment.

Angel's Burbank emails were first released in 2014 in response to records
requests filed by a Los Angeles attorney on behalf of an unnamed client.

Reached this week, attorney Travis Poteat said the request stemmed from a
"desire to hold public officials accountable."

After recently learning of the requests, which sought various records, including
four years' worth of emails to and from top-ranking Burbank police officials
containing derogatory language about Islam, African Americans, Latinos and
others, the Leader sought the same records.

In an interview before the emails were published, Angel said he did not mean to
embarrass or demean anyone.

"Anybody in the workplace unfortunately forwards emails from time to time that
they probably shouldn't have forwarded," Angel said. "I apologize if I offended
anybody, but the intent was not for the public to have seen these jokes."

City officials said this week that after Angel's emails surfaced, he was
counseled and reminded of city policies, though it's unclear whether the event
was recorded in his personnel file.

"The public deserves to have more answers as to what happened and why," said
Mike Chapman, president of the Burbank Human Relations Council, adding that the
city needs a "zero-tolerance policy on discrimination, one that has some teeth,
and is consistent from top to bottom."

Angel should have been removed from his Burbank post as soon as the emails
surfaced, said Minnie Hadley-Hempstead, president of the NAACP Los Angeles.

"I don't care which agency he was servicing at the time, he should've been out,"
she said.

But some who worked with Angel in Burbank called him a respectful leader who
comfortably interacted with different ethnic groups.

"He has very strong leadership skills, and he is very compassionate," said
Josephine Wilson, a Burbank police administrator and Ugandan immigrant.

Join the conversation on Facebook >>

When asked about the emails, she said, "I have never heard him once in his
speech or otherwise make any such comments."

Before the emails were discovered, Burbank police officers, detectives and
civilian employees were subject to random audits of their email folders and
attachments, according to city spokesman Drew Sugars.

The recurring audits, which were conducted by a police sergeant on roughly 25
employees, did not extend to other sergeants or higher-ranked staff, such as
lieutenants, captains, the deputy chief and police chief. At the time, Angel
served as deputy chief.

After a June 2012 email audit, four employees -- three civilians and one sworn
officer -- were counseled for policy violations. A similar review of emails in
December of the following year left five employees -- four sworn and one
civilian -- subject to counseling for policy violations. Sugars did not know the
nature of the violations.

No violations were found in a September 2014 email review, so the following
year's audit focused on other areas, not emails, according to Sugars.

An audit scheduled for this year, he said, will include more ranks, including
the command staff.

Michael Gennaco, an attorney hired in 2012 to provide independent oversight of
the Burbank police agency, was unaware of the emails until recently.

After reviewing them at the request of the Leader, Gennaco asked LaChasse for a
meeting to evaluate the agency's response and ensure that officers are aware of
the city's email policies.That's on the books for next week.

"Unfortunately, it's sometimes too easy to compose or forward an email without
thinking a whole lot about it," Gennaco said, adding that the degree of
culpability varies, depending on whether the sender composed the message or
passed it along.

The uproar echoes recent controversies in other cities. In San Francisco and
Ferguson, Mo., police officials who sent racially derogatory emails or text
messages were placed on leave or fired.

Guidelines spelled out in Burbank's technology use policy -- dated February 2011
-- prohibit using email to communicate offensive messages, including ones that
may demean "another's race, religion, national origin, ancestry, disability,
medical condition, marital status, gender, sexual orientation or age."

Employees who abuse the system could lose their email rights or face
disciplinary action, according to the policy.

The Burbank City Council this week received a memo addressing the police
department's audit system, as well as Angel's emails, though that document was
not immediately available to the Leader.

Alene Tchekmedyian, alene.tchekmedyian@latimes.com

Twitter: @atchek

ALSO:

Racial slurs by law enforcement are a legacy that's becoming more unacceptable

Bob Hope Airport alters parking rates

Gunshot wounds killed man whose plastic-wrapped body was found near railroad,
coroner's office says

___ (c)2016 the Burbank Leader (Glendale, Calif.) Visit the Burbank Leader
(Glendale, Calif.) at www.burbankleader.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160507-1BU-After-sheriff-s-chief-of-staff-former-Burbank-deputy-chief-resigns-
questions-remain-0507-20160507

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1BU


                         Copyright 2016 Burbank Leader


                              269 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             June 27, 2013 Thursday
                                 Drive Edition

WHAT DO GAY MARRIAGE RULINGS MEAN FOR STATE?

BYLINE: CHRIS CASTEEL, Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 937 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON - The U.S. Supreme Court decisions handed down Wednesday on gay
marriage may have little practical effect in Oklahoma, where state law bars gay
couples from being wed and prohibits the recognition of gay marriages performed
in other states.

"The court's decisions confirmed that it is up to the states to decide how to
define marriage, not the federal government," Oklahoma Attorney General Scott
Pruitt said after the high court's decisions.

"As a result, Oklahoma's constitutional provision that defines marriage in
Oklahoma as between a man and a woman remains valid."

The Oklahoma law, approved by voters in 2004, is being challenged in federal
court in Tulsa.

Questions remained Wednesday about whether gay couples who were married in
another state and live in Oklahoma will be entitled to the federal benefits that
were denied under the Defense of Marriage Act.

In a 5-4 decision, the Supreme Court struck down a key part of DOMA, a federal
law that was approved overwhelmingly by Congress in 1996 and signed by
then-President Bill Clinton. The bill was authored by two former Oklahoma
Republican lawmakers - Sen. Don Nickles and Rep. Steve Largent.

That law defined marriage as between a man and a woman for the purposes of U.S.
law - affecting more than 1,000 federal provisions ranging from tax returns to
Social Security and veterans benefits. It also gave states the authority not to
recognize same-sex marriages from other states.

The high court sidestepped the broad question on Wednesday of whether state bans
on gay marriage are valid under the U.S. Constitution.

The court ruled that a case from California on that question should have been
brought by state officials, rather than proponents of a state question that
banned gay marriage. The court's ruling had the effect of upholding a lower
court's decision to strike down the California ban.

Twelve states and the District of Columbia currently allow gay marriage.

Unequal status

The DOMA case was brought by a widow from New York who had to pay more than
$300,000 in estate taxes on the inheritance from her spouse because the federal
government didn't recognize the same-sex marriage.

Justice Anthony M. Kennedy, in a decision joined by the court's four liberals,
said the denial of federal benefits to same-sex couples violated the U.S.
Constitution's equal protection clause.

"DOMA's principal effect is to identify a subset of state-sanctioned marriages
and make them unequal. The principal purpose is to impose inequality, not for
other reasons like governmental efficiency," Kennedy's opinion states.

"Responsibilities, as well as rights, enhance the dignity and integrity of the
person. And DOMA contrives to deprive some couples married under the laws of
their State, but not other couples, of both rights and responsibilities."

In a dissent, Justice Antonin Scalia defended Congress' right to define marriage
in federal law and wrote that "to defend traditional marriage is not to condemn,
demean, or humiliate those who would prefer other arrangements, any more than to
defend the Constitution of the United States is to condemn, demean, or humiliate
other constitutions."

Also in his dissent, Scalia raised questions about the effect of the ruling in
states, like Oklahoma, where same-sex marriages aren't recognized.

"Imagine a pair of women who marry in Albany and then move to Alabama, which
does not 'recognize as valid any marriage of parties of the same sex,' " Scalia
wrote. "When the couple files their next federal tax return, may it be a joint
one?

"Which State's law controls, for federal-law purposes: their State of
celebration (which recognizes the marriage) or their State of domicile (which
does not)? (Does the answer depend on whether they were just visiting in
Albany)?"

Scott Hamilton, executive director of the Cimarron Alliance in Oklahoma City,
whose same-sex marriage was performed in Connecticut, said Wednesday that he had
been assured by attorneys the federal benefits would be available to couples
despite their states' laws.

But the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force said in a news release that "legally
married same-sex couples (and widows or widowers) who have moved to - or now
live in - a state that discriminates against their marriages, may face barriers
to their federal marital protections. We will fight to ensure couples have
access to vital benefits."

Hamilton said there would be "lots of challenges we'll have to work through."

President Barack Obama hailed the decision striking down the benefits section of
DOMA and said he had directed Attorney General Eric Holder to review federal
laws "to ensure this decision, including its implications for federal benefits
and obligations, is implemented swiftly and smoothly."

In an interview, Nickles, who now runs a lobbying company in Washington, said he
was disappointed and frustrated in the court's decision.

Congress approved the law and has the power to repeal it, Nickles said, noting
that Democrats controlled both houses of Congress and the White House when
President Barack Obama took office.

"I happen to be a believer in the Democratic process," he said, adding that
"five unelected justices" had usurped the will of Congress.

Nickles said he also took umbrage at language in the majority decision saying
that lawmakers had set out to discriminate against people.

At the time the bill was passed, no states allowed same-sex marriage.

"The main pillar of the bill was that states didn't have to recognize gay
marriages from other states," Nickles said.

That section of the bill was not challenged and not addressed by the high court.


LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo 1: Jonnette Lynn, Teresa Lynn and Kathy Carson, from left, have
their picture taken Wednesday during a rally at the Cimarron Alliance Equality
Center in Oklahoma City to celebrate the U.S. Supreme Court's rulings that
struck down the federal Defense of Marriage Act. Teresa Lynn and Carson were
married in Iowa 13 years ago. PHOTO BY CHRIS LANDSBERGER, THE OKLAHOMAN
Photo 2: Supporters gather for a rally at the Cimarron Alliance Equality Center
to celebrate the Supreme Court's rulings that struck down the federal Defense of
Marriage Act. PHOTO BY CHRIS LANDSBERGER, THE OKLAHOMAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              270 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 14, 2009 Friday

North Schuylkill school board approves dress code

BYLINE: John E. Usalis, Republican & Herald, Pottsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 687 words


Aug. 14--FOUNTAIN SPRINGS -- The North Schuylkill school board approved a
revised standard dress code at Thursday's meeting after hearing a lot of input
from the public.

The high school cafeteria was filled with more than 100 parents, students,
educators and district residents during the meeting that lasted more than two
hours. The majority of attendees were in favor of the dress code, and the
lengthy period of public comment revolved around particulars of what is and what
is not allowed.

Interim Superintendent Patrick Lukasavich spoke to the crowd about the dress
codes and the proposed revisions to help clarify certain sections, including
making more specific the penalties when the code is violated.

"I recommend to the board to consider tweaking the policy, not changing it,"
Lukasavich said.

One of the revisions dealt with words signs or pictures on clothing. The
original police stated clothing that promotes "gang activity, sexual activity,
violence, the use of alcohol, tobacco or drugs, or demeans or degrades another
person because of race, sex, religious persuasion, national origin, handicap or
disability" is not allowed. The revision states clothing cannot demean or
degrade another because of "race, color, age, creed, religion, gender, sexual
orientation, ancestry, national origin, handicap or disability."

In addition to specifying administrative actions on various offenses, a new
paragraph allows the administration to reserve "the right to decide any case in
question. Also, as unusual or new cases arise, cases which this dress code did
not anticipate or cases requiring the interpretation of the dress code, the
building administration will decide whether a dress code violation has
occurred."

Lukasavich also pointed out that while the dress code dealt with skirts and
jumpers, dresses were not mentioned. The revision states that dresses "are
permitted that meet the dress code policy guidelines for tops, including solid
colors/stripes, collars, sleeves, buttons, logos, sizing, etc. Dresses are
permitted that are knee-length or longer."

North Schuylkill English teacher and Spartan Task Force member Bonnie
Yanuskiewicz answered questions about how the policy was put together over time
and with input from parents, students and teachers.

Another supporter of the policy was Bob Oravitz, the district soccer coach and
president of the North Schuylkill Youth Soccer Association.

"Having a uniform dress code is not saying that you're wearing a uniform. We're
just saying that it's uniform that we're all wearing similar items," Oravitz
said. "We're showing that we have one mindset so we can feel unified in what
we're doing."

"What harm is going to come to anybody by trying this?" Yanuskiewicz said. "This
can always be revisited next year. It's a policy that's in place. Let's go with
it. If we see it doesn't work, at the end of the year let's see what changes
need to be made."

Yanuskiewicz told the board the task force investigated the use of dress codes
at other school districts. She referred to Blue Mountain School District's dress
code policy, explaining that its code has resulted in a reduction of fights and
disciplinary problems.

"This has already been established with two readings over two years. This is not
just the little task force mandating what to do," Yanuskiewicz said. "This was
the community getting involved. This was board members getting involved. This
was a collection of information."

Board President Robin Hetherington asked for a motion, which was provided by
Robert Orth and applauded by the crowd. The second came from Deborah Hampton,
and then all the board members voted in favor of the police, drawing applause
from the crowd.

To see more of the Republican & Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.republicanherald.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Republican & Herald,
Pottsville, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090814-RN-North-Schuylkill-school-board-approves-dress-code-0814

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RN


                                 Copyright 2009


                              271 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                              June 1, 2008 Sunday

For their service, let them park free

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 961 words


In my travels, I often see young men and women in uniform boarding airplanes,
heading out or heading home. They tend to stand erect in camouflage, wearing
heavy boots and minding their own business, and they are seldom talkative,
unless they are traveling in a small group. Invariably, when they are alone, a
complete stranger walks up a little tentatively and says, "I just want to thank
you for what you are doing for us." It's amazing to witness this total reversal
of the Vietnam Vet Syndrome. The soldier usually responds with quiet gratitude,
polite, but often looking down or inward. There is no high fiving, no boasting,
no storytelling.

None of the civilian travelers ever says, "The war's really a disaster, isn't
it?" or "How's it make you feel to give so much of yourself for so dubious a
cause?" The unspoken response of the people who have stayed behind this time has
invariably been, "Thank you for the sacrifices you have made on behalf of our
country. We honor you no matter what we might now think of the war."

If I am sitting on the plane next to a returning vet, I sometimes ask what the
countryside of Afghanistan or Iraq looks like, how the stars look at night, and
- if they seem open to it - how they think the war is going from the perspective
they've had in the field.

The returning soldiers invariably have interesting things to say. I make sure
that I am strictly a listener.

Twice now, I have gone to the Bismarck airport to see the return of North Dakota
troops. It's about as moving an experience as you can ever have. The airport
fills to the rafters with parents, cousins, pastors, brothers and sisters,
husbands, wives, young children, boyfriends and girlfriends, and some children
who were not yet born when the father left to serve his country in a faraway
place. There is lots of nervous chatter in the crowd, the bodies of several
thousand people barely containing raw excitement - and apprehension.

The building is a huge raw nerve, and no matter what else they do, everyone
looks up every 10 or 15 seconds to the balcony where the homecoming soldiers
will first appear. Airline employees wander over to gaze at the phenomenon, for
this is the largest crowd and the most energy they have ever seen in the
building. There are balloons, banners, hand-painted welcoming placards, mementos
of every sort, teddy bears, American Indian ceremonial objects, flags of every
size, some of them hand-painted, too. Some of the desperately waiting
girlfriends look demure, others are dolled up like a parody of MTV. The old vets
are there, from previous wars, wearing their vests and pins and hats. As they
wait, they tell each other their own return stories.

Rumors of imminent arrival pass through the crowd like the "wave" at a sports
stadium.

And then, finally, there is that heavy, distinctive metallic sound of the
security door opening, the troops begin slowly to emerge from the north end of
the upper floor. The crowd erupts with a primal, deafening roar of joy and
approval, a roar that seems likely to lift the roof right off of the airport.
And then applause, sustained serious patriotic applause, punctuated now and then
with a whoop by some particular soldier's cheering section.

The soldiers parade slowly into the waiting mass of family and community. Some
of the soldiers look as if they just scored the winning touchdown. Others look
like they have just come up out of Plato's Cave into the blinding light, and
they are not at all sure who they are and what world they have walked into. Some
strut. Some limp a little, while trying not to limp. Some speed up as they spot
the lovers and families they left behind, and a few almost imperceptibly slow
down. Most are a little overwhelmed by the size and noise of the waiting crowd.

It is so very moving.

And you think: If it were possible to know what has been going on in the souls
of every returning soldier for the past 24 hours and every welcoming boyfriend
or girlfriend or frantic mother and stoic father (or vice versa), it would
probably be too much to absorb. For there are burdens and scars and fears and
painful confessions and traumas and accumulated strains and unfinished business
from before, in almost every person in the airport that hour. When intimates
separate for many, many months - and the separation is something as intense as
war - the knitting together of the family narratives is never easy. The
statistics that measure the difficulty of reentry are depressing.

But for the moment, the Bismarck airport is filled with joy and intense relief.

And then there is a serious and entirely unnecessary glitch. It is to this
lovely story of homecoming the sound of the arm of the record player scratching
across the vinyl: SKERRRCH! When it is time for everyone to go home, the airport
parking lot turns into an absolute zoo. Literally hundreds of cars carrying
America's veterans have to queue up to pay their dollar or $3 to buy their way
out of the airport parking lot.

I have the following modest suggestion. On these few occasions, just throw open
the gates of the parking lot. Here are men and women who have given freely of
themselves for their country. They have been gone a long time. All they want at
this moment is to get out into North Dakota. They want only to go home. To hold
them up another hour at our own little revenue-generating Checkpoint Charlie, to
cause them further delay for so frivolous and venal a reason, to make them pay
to return to the freedom of the North Dakota prairie, seems almost criminal.

It demeans their service - it demeans all of us.

Open the gates and welcome them home.

(Clay Jenkinson is the Theodore Roosevelt scholar-in-residence at Dickinson
State University. He lives in Bismarck. Contact Jenkinson at jeffysage@aol.com.)

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2008 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              272 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                 June 27, 2003 Friday 0 South Pinellas Edition

Ruling is triumph for gay rights

SOURCE: Knight-Ridder Newspapers

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1077 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Supreme Court struck down Texas' ban on private consensual sex between
adults of the same sex Thursday, in a landmark victory for gay rights that
enshrined for the first time a broad constitutional right to sexual privacy.

Gay rights advocates called the ruling the most important legal advance ever for
gay people in the United States.

But in an angry dissent delivered from the bench, Justice Antonin Scalia said
the majority opinion "effectively decrees the end of all morals legislation" and
threatens a "massive disruption of the current social order."

The justices, ruling 6-3 on a case from Texas, also overturned the court's own
1986 ruling upholding a now-repealed Georgia statute banning sodomy, thus
invalidating remaining sodomy laws in Texas and 12 other states, including
Florida.

The majority effectively apologized for that ruling, saying it "demeans the
lives of homosexual persons."

Gay people are "entitled to respect for their private lives," Justice Anthony
Kennedy said for the court, adding: "The state cannot demean their existence or
control their destiny by making their private sexual conduct a crime."

But Scalia argued that the ruling could pave the way for same-sex marriages and
undercut laws banning bigamy, adult incest, prostitution and other sexual acts.

"Today's opinion is the product of a Court, which is the product of a
law-profession culture, that has largely signed on to the so-called homosexual
agenda," Scalia wrote.

Attorneys on both sides of the issue agreed that the decision marked a major
expansion for gay rights and could fuel legal efforts to permit homosexual
marriages and gays in the military.

The ruling, they said, also gives gays a strong legal weapon against
discrimination in the workplace and other venues.

"This is a wonderful day for gay Americans," said Ruth Harlow of Lambda Legal
Defense and Education Fund, praising the court for an "historic transformative
decision," which she said, reflected changing public attitudes toward gays and
lesbians.

Upholding an appeal by John Lawrence and Tyron Garner of Houston, the court
specifically struck down the 1973 Texas Homosexual Conduct law, which prohibits
sodomy, defined as anal or oral sex, among homosexuals but doesn't outlaw the
same behavior for heterosexual couples.

"The petitioners are entitled to respect for their private lives," Kennedy
wrote.

"The Texas statute furthers no legitimate state interest which can justify its
intrusion into the personal and private life of the individual."

Lawrence, in his first public comments since filing the case, said the ruling
"not only allows us to get on with our lives but it opens the door for gay
people all across the country to be treated equally." He read from a prepared
statement during a conference call with reporters but declined to take
questions.

Social conservatives and religious groups assailed the decision.

"This court continues to pillage its way through the moral values of this
country," said Tom Minnery, a leader with Focus on the Family, an evangelical
group based in Colorado Springs, Colo.

The ruling dismantled the Supreme Court's 17-year-old Bowers v. Hardwick ruling
used as the legal precedent for the remaining state sodomy laws.

The decision, which concluded that "homosexual sodomy is immoral and
unacceptable," upheld a Georgia law that was later repealed by the state's
legislature.

"Bowers was not correct when it was decided, and it is not correct today,"
Kennedy wrote. "It ought not to remain binding precedent. Bowers v. Hardwick
should be and now is overruled."

Siding with the majority were Justices John Paul Stevens, David Souter, Ruth
Bader Ginsburg, Stephen Breyer and Sandra Day O'Connor. Chief Justice William
Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas joined Scalia in the dissent.

Lambda's Harlow said the decision sent a "very clear directive" to other states
"that they cannot keep using their sodomy laws." Other states with sodomy laws
include North Carolina, South Carolina, Mississippi, Alabama, Idaho, Utah,
Louisiana, Oklahoma, Kansas, Missouri and Virginia.

Harlow said the ruling also "makes it much harder" for society to continues
banning gay marriages and gays in the military. Gay couples have filed suits in
Indiana, New Jersey and Massachusetts to permit them to marry. Canada recently
allowed gay couples to obtain marriage licenses.

Lawrence and Garner initiated the case after they were arrested on Sept. 17,
1998, by Harris County sheriff's officers who entered Lawrence's apartment while
the men were engaged in sex. The officers said they were responding to an
apparently false tip that an armed man was "going crazy" in Lawrence's
apartment. The men were jailed and fined $200 on a violation of the homosexual
conduct statute.

A three-judge panel of the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals overturned their
conviction. But the full appeals court reinstated the conviction in March 2001,
saying the law "advances a legitimate state interest, namely preserving public
morals."

"When homosexual conduct is made criminal by the law of the State, that
declaration in and of itself is an invitation to subject homosexual persons to
discrimination both in the public and in the private spheres," the Supreme Court
ruled Thursday.

"The central holding of Bowers has been brought in question by this case, and it
should be addressed," Kennedy wrote. "Its continuance as a precedent demeans the
lives of homosexual persons."

But Scalia, defending the rationale for the Bowers decision, argued that
"countless" laws and court decisions have been based on the principle that
certain sexual behavior is "immoral and unacceptable."

"State laws against bigamy, same-sex marriage, adult incest, prostitution,
masturbation, adultery, fornication, bestiality, and obscenity are likewise
sustainable only in light of Bowers' validation of laws based on moral choices,"
he wrote. "Every single one of these laws is called in to question by today's
decision."

- Information from the Washington Post, New York Times and Associated Press was
used in this report.

Where sodomy is a crime

States with laws criminalizing oral or anal sex between consenting adults:

Same-sex partners only: Kansas, Oklahoma, Texas and Missouri

Heterosexual and same-sex partners: Idaho, Utah, Louisianna, Alabama, Virginia,
North Carolina, South Carolina and Florida

Source: Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Associated Press; MAP, Knight Ridder Tribune; Tyron Garner and
John Lawrence celebrate the ruling Thursday. They were prosecuted under Texas'
sodomy law.; Map locates states where same-sex partner as well as states where
heterosexual and same-sex partner acts of sodomy are a crime.

                    Copyright 2003 Times Publishing Company


                              273 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            March 08, 1997, Saturday

THE WEEK THAT WAS

BYLINE: By Tom Kelly

SECTION: New York Weekend; Pg.  16

LENGTH: 498 words


Saturday, March 1

Vice President Gore played the central role in soliciting at least $ 40 million
in Democratic campaign money during the 1996 election, The Washington Post says.
Gore often asked for contributions in phone calls in a manner several large
donors described as heavy-handed and inappropriate. "There were elements of a
shakedown in the call," said one executive, who said he gave the Democratic
National Committee $ 100,000. "It was very awkward."

Sunday, March 2

Human cloning seemed ever more possible when scientists reveal they cloned
rhesus monkeys a first for a species so close to humans. The news prompts a
global furor, raising ethical and religious questions about the wisdom of man
making copies of man.

Monday, March 3

City cops soon will carry expanding hollow-point bullets that create devastating
wounds but hit bystanders less often because they don't ricochet, officials say.
Long criticized for their brutal power, the bullets rarely go through people or
walls, making them less risky on crowded city streets. "It's safer for police
because it has greater stopping power," said Chief of Department Louis Anemone.
Mayor Giuliani later says he wants to study the issue but leans toward approving
the ammo as it is revealed that seven bystanders were hit last year by police
bullets that passed through walls or targets.

Tuesday, March 4

Pressure for an independent counsel on Democratic fund-raising mounts amid
charges Vice President Gore's calls for cash could be illegal. President Clinton
says he is "very proud of what the vice president did. We were fighting a battle
not simply for our reelection, but over the entire direction of the country."
But one of Congress' most partisan Democrats criticizes Clinton for the way
money was raised. "It demeans the White House," said House Minority Whip David
Bonior (D-Mich.). "It demeans the office. That's one of the reasons why we have
to change the campaign finance laws."

President Clinton warns scientists involved in cloning experiments against
"trying to play God" and bars federal funds for human cloning.

Wednesday, March 5

Tainted campaign donor Johnny Chung described as a hustler by a Clinton staffer
handed Hillary Rodham Clinton's chief of staff a $ 50,000 check on a 1995 White
House visit, Clinton aides say. He and Chinese business associates had their
picture snapped with the First Lady. Two days later, Chung and his pals returned
to watch President Clinton's weekly radio chat. Federal law prohibits employes
from soliciting or receiving some campaign contributions in government
buildings.

Thursday, March 6

Four little girls in the back of a school van are crushed to death as a 3-ton
maple topples in howling winds at the precise and horrible moment the children
pass beneath. The tree, anchored by rotted roots, falls just as a Dodge Caravan
carrying the Allen Christian School students makes its way along Francis Lewis
Blvd. in Laurelton, Queens.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1997 Daily News, L.P.


                              274 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          Sunday Tasmanian (Australia)

                           September 20, 1998, Sunday

Damning day for President

BYLINE: GEOFF STEAD

LENGTH: 856 words


Clinton's moment of truth tears America in two.

SORDID phone sex conversations, explicit descriptions of kinky sex

acts and comments which demean his wife will be splashed across the

world tomorrow in a damning day that seems certain to ensure the

impeachment of President Clinton.

Some of the new evidence relating to the President's affair with

Monica Lewinsky is said to be "revolting" and "disgusting".

A videotaped testimony of the President admitting he received oral sex

from Lewinsky, then angrily losing his temper when pressed for more

details, will be released to television networks worldwide tomorrow

night, Australian time.

An estimated 2800 pages of sex-soaked evidence about the affair _ said

to be far more salacious than the summary report released by

investigator Kenneth Starr last week _ also will become public

information.

Americans were torn by the decision.

Many were left feeling the committee of congressmen empowered to

review the mountain of evidence _ and who yesterday voted to release

it _ had turned the delicate task into a mudslinging romp powered by

political pointscoring.

Despite polls showing the majority of Americans did not want any more

evidence about the Clinton-Lewinsky affair released, and 54% were

against the screening of the video, the House judiciary committee

split along party lines in a vote to go public with the sometimes

pornographic evidence.

With the Republicans holding a 26-15 majority on the committee,

Clinton's Democrats fought a losing battle to keep further details of

the affair under wraps.

"We are trying not to be guided by polls, but our instincts and

judgment," said committee chairman, Republican Henry Hyde.

"Our mandate is to release as much as possible consistent with

responsible deletions to protect innocent people (and) salacious

material that is redundant (or) doesn't prove anything in

particular."

Clinton, speaking at a race relations policy launch yesterday,

appeared to be also eluding to his own problems when he called on

Americans to reconcile their differences.

"(It comes) from the turning away from the madness that life only

matters if there is someone we can demean, destroy or put down. That

is the eternal lesson for America," he said.

Clinton has indicated resignation is not an option and last week said

he would go on because Americans wanted him to go on.

But a Republican who voted in favour of the evidence release yesterday

also predicted moves to oust the President could begin within three

weeks.

"It wouldn't surprise me if we met (in) the first week of October to

decide whether to recommend an inquiry of impeachment," said Texan

congressman Lamar Smith.

Outrage

Democrats on the House judiciary committee were outraged with

yesterday's decision, including ranking member John Conyers, the only

delegate who also was involved in the Watergate inquiry process.

"This is not a happy day for constitutional process," he said. "The

constitution has not been served. We have dumped process and fairness

on its head."

The Democrats claimed the extra evidence should not have been released

until after the committee had made its recommendation to Congress on

the 11 possible impeachment charges identified by Judge Starr.

New York Harlem Democrat Barney Frank said any assertion the

investigation of the evidence was done in a bipartisan way was "just

silly".

"If it is bipartisan, then the Taliban (murdering Muslim rebels in

Afghanistan) wins the middle for religious tolerance," Frank said.

"It is not an effort to get into factfinding, it basically is an

effort to discredit the president."

After 11/2 days of deliberations, the committee is understood to have

made just 120 deletions to the potentially-explosive evidence _ mostly

items relating to national security, along with addresses and

telephone numbers.

It voted down 20 other requests from Democrat members for passages to

be deleted.

Hyde said debate in the committee room had been "vigorous and civil"

and claimed the spirit of bipartisanship was "alive and

flourishing".

"I may have a different definition of bipartisanship and it doesn't

mean surrender to everything the Democrats want," he said.

Although Hyde placed a gag order on his committee in relation to

details of their debate, a string of committee members went to the

media yesterday to support or slam the decision to release more

evidence.

High-ranking Republican Bill McCollum said the President's repeated

denials of a sexual relationship with Lewinsky prompted his support of

the latest release.

"There is no way to reveal this to the public without giving a full

context," he said.

Democrat Marty Meehan said the release of secret grand jury testimony

before the committee made a recommendation to Congress was a

"dangerous precedent for future generations of America".

IN Ohio, six boy scouts asked if their eagle certificates, the

movement's highest award, could not be signed by the President as is

customary because they believe Clinton does not meet the scouting

pledge of high moral behaviour.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: STS

                   Copyright 1998 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              275 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                             August 5, 2011 Friday
                                 FINAL Edition

Elmer Smith: Playing the racist/not a racist game

SECTION: LOCAL; P-com Biggie News Update; Pg. 04

LENGTH: 698 words


IT&apos;S BACK. America&apos;s favorite misdirection game,
"Racist/Not-a-racist."

We&apos;ve all played it. This is the one in which some public figure gets
hauled before the people&apos;s court after making an arguably racist remark.

We line up along our separate sides of the racial divide to decide whether the
defendant is a racist or if there is some more benign explanation for his
offensive remark. Maybe he&apos;s ignorant of the racist overtones in his remark
or perhaps the poor schlub is just stupid.

The results of this referendum are as predictable as sunrise. Defenders of the
great man and his ilk rush to his defense. Those who have a history of being
singed by similar remarks call for his pelt.

Deal me out!

I learned long ago that this parlor game always works to the benefit of the
offender.

The inevitable result of this futile exercise - indeed its unstated purpose - is
to distract our attention from the offense as we litigate this emotional side
issue.

In the docket this week are Colorado Republican Rep. Doug Lamborn and repeat
offender Pat Buchanan.

Lamborn&apos;s racially tinged reference to President Obama as a "tar baby" is a
classic example of the strategically veiled reference. Lamborn now says he meant
to say only that getting involved with the president would connect him to what,
he claims, are Obama&apos;s failed economic policies.

Offering a candid view of the GOP election strategy, he says the president and
not the GOP&apos;s tea-party wing will take the blame for a debt-reduction bill
that nobody likes.

"They will hold the president responsible," Lamborn says. "I don&apos;t want to
be associated with him. It&apos;s like touching a tar baby."

His initial response to the very predictable blowback was the age-old
nonapology: If anyone is offended, I&apos;m sorry. He followed this with a more
sincere-sounding written apology to the president in which he regretted not
using the term "quagmire."

If he had used the term tar baby as a reference to presidential policies, he may
have been able to sell quagmire as a synonym for tar baby. In fact, that is one
of the meanings of the term.

But what he said was "I don&apos;t want to be associated with HIM. It&apos;s
like touching a tar baby." That&apos;s an obvious personal reference not, as he
wants us to believe, an allusion to Obama&apos;s policies.

So, is it racist or just stupid?

Why should we care? It was meant to diminish the stature of this president on a
personal level. You&apos;ll find that on Page 1 of the GOP playbook. It was an
ad hominem attack meant to demean the man as unworthy of the kind of respectful
disagreement we should expect among our political leaders.

Lamborn knows this. In fact, he told reporters that he expects the president to
accept his apology because the president is a man of "character."

So what does that say about Lamborn&apos;s character? Isn&apos;t that what this
episode really reveals?

And why does the burden of proof fall on the victim in these
"Racist/Not-a-racist" games?

Because that&apos;s how the game is played. The misdirection move is to claim
that racism is in the mind of the beholder. Thus, poor old Lamborn becomes the
offended party for being unfairly accused.

The remark was meant to be offensive or, at least, was made without regard to
the possible offense. It was a wink and a nod to a constituency that sees
character assassination as a weapon of warfare.

Buchanan&apos;s latest move literally speaks for itself. Appearing on
MSNBC&apos;s "Morning Joe" with Rev. Al Sharpton, Buchanan referred to President
Obama as, "Your boy."

"He&apos;s your boy in the ring," Buchanan backtracked when Sharpton corrected
him.

"He&apos;s nobody&apos;s boy," Sharpton said. "He&apos;s your president and
he&apos;s our president. That&apos;s what you all have to get through your
heads."

Sharpton was too smart to be drawn into the Racist/Not-a-racist game. He put the
focus on the real offense, which was to demean not only the man, but the office
of the presidency.

That&apos;s the only way to play this game without getting played.

Send email to smithel@phillynews.com or call 215-854-2512. For recent columns:
www.philly.com/ElmerSmith


LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              276 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             June 27, 2013 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

DEFENSE OF MARRIAGE ACT UNCONSTITUTIONAL;
RAINBOW RULINGS - In two 5-4 decisions, court backs gay marriage in states where
allowed

BYLINE: Richard Wolf and Brad Heath, USA TODAY,

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1651 words


The Supreme Court delivered a double-barreled boost to the cause of same-sex
marriage from Maine to California on Wednesday by acting boldly in one case and
backing off in another.

Precisely a decade after it struck down all remaining state laws banning sodomy,
the court declared a key section of the federal Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA)
unconstitutional on equal protection grounds. But the justices took no stand on
the merits of California's ban on same-sex marriage, leaving a lower court's
decision that overturned Proposition 8 as the last word.

The results, though subject to some dispute, appeared to move in one historic
direction: Most gay and lesbian couples legally married in 12 states and the
District of Columbia will become eligible for the federal benefits that DOMA had
denied. And within a month, same-sex couples in the nation's most populous state
could be exchanging wedding vows after a five-year hiatus.

The dual decisions, rendered by separate coalitions of liberal and some
conservative justices, gave the high court's mixed blessing to a gay-marriage
movement that has gained momentum in the past decade and now stands on the
threshold of full equality.

Even those advances, however, will leave 70% of Americans from Florida to Alaska
living in states without same-sex marriage rights, and the court did nothing to
advance the cause of gay and lesbian couples in those 37 states.

"These decisions underscore the emergence of two Americas. In one, LGBT citizens
are nearing full equality. In the other, our community lacks even the most basic
protections," said Chad Griffin, president of the Human Rights Campaign, the
nation's largest gay-rights organization. "Everywhere that injustice still
prevails, we will fight for justice."

No sooner had Chief Justice John Roberts and Associate Justice Anthony Kennedy,
the court's perennial swing vote, rendered their verdicts than the wheels of
justice began to turn from one coast to the other. California Gov. Jerry Brown
directed the state's 58 counties to begin issuing marriage licenses once an
injunction has been lifted, which could happen in 25 days. And gay rights groups
put pressure on the Obama administration to extend federal marriage rights --
such as tax-free health benefits and Social Security survivor benefits -- to as
many gay and lesbian couples as possible.

President Obama got the news while flying to Africa on Air Force One, where a
cheer went up from White House staffers. He placed calls to the gay rights
movement's new heroes and heroines -- 84-year-old Edie Windsor, the New York
lesbian widow who challenged DOMA, and two gay couples from California who
challenged Proposition 8.

"The laws of our land are catching up to the fundamental truth that millions of
Americans hold in our hearts," said Obama, who once opposed gay marriage. "When
all Americans are treated as equal, no matter who they are or whom they love, we
are all more free."

Opponents of same-sex marriage refused to take "no" for an answer. "Proposition
8 does remain the law in the state of California," said Austin Nimocks, senior
counsel for Alliance Defending Freedom, noting that lawyers will continue to
defend it "unless and until there is an appellate court decision from a court
with jurisdiction that strikes it down."

Conservatives were relieved that the court did not go further.

"While we are disappointed in the Supreme Court's decision to strike down part
of the federal Defense of Marriage Act, the court today did not impose the
sweeping nationwide redefinition of natural marriage that was sought," Family
Research Council President Tony Perkins said.

'A DEPRIVATION OF LIBERTY'

The court declared unconstitutional the part of the 1996 Defense of Marriage Act
that denied federal benefits to gays and lesbians legally married in a dozen
states, from Maine to Washington, and the District of Columbia. The law applies
to some 1,138 provisions in federal laws that list marital status as a factor in
determining benefits, rights and privileges.

That 5-4 ruling was written by Kennedy, author of the last two major Supreme
Court rulings that advanced gay rights. By offering a forceful criticism of laws
that treat same-sex couples differently than others, he and the court's four
liberal justices signaled that they may look more critically in the future at
other such laws.

"The principal purpose and the necessary effect of this law are to demean those
persons who are in a lawful same-sex marriage," Kennedy wrote. "This requires
the court to hold, as it now does, that DOMA is unconstitutional as a
deprivation of the liberty of the person protected by the Fifth Amendment of the
Constitution."

The court's four other conservatives dissented -- Justice Antonin Scalia angrily
from the bench. He accused the majority of portraying opponents of same-sex
marriage as bigots by sending this message: "'Hate your neighbor, or come along
with us.'"

"It is one thing for a society to elect change," the court's longest-serving
justice said. "It is another for a court of law to impose change by adjudging
those who oppose it hostes humani generis -- enemies of the human race."

In the California case, the justices ruled that Proposition 8's proponents
lacked standing to challenge lower court rulings against it. The referendum
passed in November 2008, blocking a California Supreme Court decision legalizing
gay marriage that had been taken advantage of by about 18,000 couples. After
losing a federal district court decision, the state stopped defending the ban.

"We have never before upheld the standing of a private party to defend the
constitutionality of a state statute when state officials have chosen not to,"
Roberts wrote. "We decline to do so for the first time here."

That 5-4 decision, which did not address the merits of same-sex marriage, was
joined by Justices Scalia, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen Breyer and Elena Kagan.
Kennedy wrote the dissent, joined by Justices Clarence Thomas, Samuel Alito and
Sonia Sotomayor.

Taken together, the rulings represent a major step forward for marriage equality
and a huge setback for defenders of traditional marriage between only a man and
a woman.

"After years of struggle, the U.S. Supreme Court today has made same-sex
marriage a reality in California," Brown said.

'WE WON, ALL THE WAY!'

Several factors were breaking in favor of gay marriage as the justices prepared
to render their verdicts:

The public increasingly is on the side of same-sex marriage, perhaps easing some
justices' hesitance to get out in front of so many states. When DOMA was passed
in 1996, 68% of Americans opposed gay marriage in a USA TODAY/Gallup Poll. But
53% favored gay marriage in a Gallup Poll last month, and the latest Pew
Research Center survey showed 72% consider it "inevitable."

A half dozen states have legalized the practice since last fall: Maine,
Maryland, Washington, Delaware, Rhode Island and Minnesota. Waiting in the wings
are several others, from New Jersey to Hawaii.

The plaintiffs in the two cases arrived at the Supreme Court this year on a
roll, having prevailed at federal district and appeals courts on opposite sides
of the country.

As the nine justices ended their nine-month term on a customary sour note --
deeply divided by their most difficult cases -- gay men and lesbians coast to
coast exulted.

"We won, all the way!" a hoarse and somewhat frail Windsor told a noon-time
crowd of supporters at the Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgender Community
Center in Lower Manhattan, just an hour after fielding Obama's call.

For Windsor, the ruling means real money: $363,000 in federal estate taxes she
paid after her spouse of two years and partner of four decades, Thea Spyer, died
in 2009. Had Thea been Theo, she likes to say, the inheritance would have been
tax-free. She'll get that money back.

But the court decision meant far more to Windsor and her legal team, led by
Roberta Kaplan, particularly since Kennedy based it on grounds of equal
protection rather than a more bloodless argument about states' rights.

"It makes it a far more powerful and significant precedent," Kaplan said.

The two couples who brought the California challenge were equally ecstatic.

"Today is a great day for American children and families," said Kris Perry, who
intends to marry her partner, Sandy Stier. "We believed from the very beginning
that the importance of this case was to send a message to the children of this
country that you are just as good as everybody else no matter who you love, no
matter who you're parents love."

Reaction on social media was jubilant. #DOMA and #Prop8 were trending topics on
Twitter. Actor George Takei, an outspoken gay rights activist perhaps best known
for his role as Sulu on TV's original Star Trek series, lauded the rulings on
his Facebook page.

"Today marks a watershed moment in history," he said, "and a tremendous victory
for the principle of equality."

Justice Anthony Kennedy's majority opinion

"The avowed purpose and practical effect of the law here in question are to
impose a disadvantage, a separate status, and so a stigma upon all who enter
into same-sex marriages made lawful by the unquestioned authority of the
States."

The "principal purpose and the necessary effect of this law are to demean those
persons who are in a lawful same-sex marriage. This requires the Court to hold
... that DOMA is unconstitutional."

Justice Antonin Scalia's dissent

"In the majority's telling, this story is black and white: Hate your neighbor or
come along with us. The truth is more complicated. ... To defend traditional
marriage is not to condemn, demean, or humiliate those who prefer other
arrangements."

Justice Samuel Alito's dissent

"Same-sex marriage presents a highly emotional and important question of public
policy -- but not a difficult question of constitutional law. The Constitution
does not guarantee the right to enter into a same-sex marriage."

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2013 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              277 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            December 3, 2006 Sunday

Pitts: Richards' rant wakes up blacks to N-word's hate

SECTION: COLUMNISTS; Opinion

LENGTH: 701 words


The N-word has had few friends better than comedian Paul Mooney.

Put aside that the word was long a staple of his act. Put aside the promotional
pamphlet he once sent out that screamed the word in big, fat type.

Consider instead what he told anyone who argued that blacks should stop using
the word. He replied that he said it a hundred times every morning. ''It keeps
my teeth white.''

Last week, the selfsame Paul Mooney joined the Rev. Jesse Jackson and California
Rep. Maxine Waters in a news conference asking black folks to stop using the
N-word. In other news, there are unconfirmed reports of pigs flying above Times
Square.

Mooney says he was ''cured'' of his N-word addiction by Michael Richards'
infamous meltdown last month at the Laugh Factory. I tend to think he's not the
only one. From strangers online to my neighbor down the street, everywhere I
turn lately, I find black folks debating the stubborn insistence some of us have
on using this word.

Which leaves me as much vexed as pleased. More power to them for belatedly
getting religion. Still, are you telling me that nearly 20 years after hip-hop
made that word unavoidable, it takes some white TV actor losing his mind to make
black folks see what should have been obvious all along?

I mean, what do we learn from Richards' rant that we should not have already
known from Snoop Dogg or Ice Cube? That the word is ugly? That is it hateful?
That it demeans, denigrates, diminishes and denies? Anyone with the barest
historical memory already knew these things.

So where was black outrage when black rappers began putting that word into the
minds and mouths of black children? When we - African-Americans - began hating
ourselves to a beat?

And if I hear one more Negro offer one more pseudo-intellectual justification
for that self-loathing, I will not be responsible for my actions afterward.
Don't give me the
it-means-something-different-because-we-spell-it-with-an-a-on-the-end speech.
Spare me the it-doesn't-mean-black-it-means-a-bad-person-of-any-race load of
bull.

And for mercy sake, don't subject me to the addled argument proffered by John
Ridley in December's Esquire. He says that, as whites feel no particular
solidarity with their impoverished racial brethren in Appalachia, it is time for
''ascended blacks'' to bid farewell to, as he puts it, ''niggers.''

Don't tell me any of that, because it quails in the face of historical fact. We
are talking about the word that was used as Gus Clarke's back was split open
with a whip and salt was rubbed into the wounds. The word that was used when
Mary Turner's baby was cut from her womb with a knife and stomped to death in
its birth cries. The word that was used when James Byrd was tied to the back of
a pickup truck and dragged until his body was torn to pieces.

To the people who did these things, it did not matter how it was spelled. They
knew precisely what race they were referring to. And they saw no difference
between ''ascended blacks'' and any other kind.

Nor should that last surprise us. In the calculus of race, I am not my brother's
keeper. I am my brother. Individuality is the first casualty of bigotry.

Black people, like other Americans, tend to flee from the burdens and demands of
history. History, ours especially, hurts too much.

But what Michael Richards taught and what blacks may belatedly be learning, is
that history doesn't care. Not about your feelings, not about your
rationalizations, not about your subtleties of spelling.

Because they don't realize that, some blacks, Paul Mooney prominent among them,
seem surprised to learn that this word still hates us. That it always has and
always will.

And if Richards is the catalyst that finally forces them to understand this,
there's only one thing I can say to him:

Thank you.

What do we learn from Richards' rant that we should not have already known from
Snoop Dogg or Ice Cube? That the word is ugly? That is it hateful? That it
demeans, denigrates, diminishes and denies? Anyone with the barest historical
memory already knew these things.

For more commentary, see The Tribune Editorial Board's Web log at http://blogs.
sltrib.com/editorial, and comments from other columnists at http://www.
sltrib.com/opinion.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              278 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                Sunday Mail (SA)

                           September 20, 1998, Sunday

LUST & LIES in the White House; HOLD ON TO YOUR HATS!

LENGTH: 439 words


SORDID phone sex conversations, explicit descriptions of kinky sex

acts and comments which demean his wife, Hillary, will be splashed

across the world tomorrow about President Clinton.

It will be a damning day that seems certain to ensure the impeachment

of the President.

Some of the new evidence, relating to the president's affair with

Monica Lewinsky, is said to be "revolting" and "disgusting".

A videotaped testimony of the President admitting he received oral sex

from Ms Lewinsky, then angrily losing his temper when pressed for more

details, will be released to television networks worldwide tomorrow

night, Australian time.

An estimated 2800 pages of sex-soaked evidence about the affair _ said

to be far more salacious than the summary report released by

investigator Kenneth Starr _ also will become public information.

Americans were torn by the decision. Many were left feeling the

committee of congressman empowered to review the mountain of evidence

_ and who yesterday voted to release it _ had turned the delicate task

into a mudslinging romp for by political pointscoring. Despite polls

showing the majority of Americans did not want any more evidence about

the Clinton-Lewinsky affair released, and 54 per cent were against the

screening of the video, the House judiciary committee split along

party lines in a vote to go public.

With the Republicans holding a 26-15 majority on the committee, the

Democrats fought a losing battle to keep further details of the affair

under wraps.

"We are trying not to be guided by polls, but our instincts and

judgment," said committee chairman, Republican Henry Hyde. "Our

mandate is to release as much as possible consistent with responsible

deletions to protect innocent people (and) salacious material that is

redundant (or) doesn't prove anything in particular."

Mr Clinton, speaking at a race relations policy launch yesterday,

appeared to be also eluding to his own problems when he called on

Americans to reconcile their differences. "(It comes) from the

turning away from the madness that life only matters if there is

someone we can demean, destroy or put down. That is the eternal lesson

for America," he said. Mr Clinton has indicated resignation is not an

option and a week ago said he would go on because Americans wanted him

to go on. But a Republican who voted in favor of the release predicted

moves to oust Mr Clinton could begin within three weeks. "It wouldn't

surprise me if we met in the first week of October to decide whether

to recommend an inquiry of impeachment," said Texan congressman Lamar

Smith.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: SUM

                   Copyright 1998 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              279 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                Sunday Mail (SA)

                           September 20, 1998, Sunday

LUST & LIES in the White House; HOLD ON TO YOUR HATS!

LENGTH: 439 words


SORDID phone sex conversations, explicit descriptions of kinky sex

acts and comments which demean his wife, Hillary, will be splashed

across the world tomorrow about President Clinton.

It will be a damning day that seems certain to ensure the impeachment

of the President.

Some of the new evidence, relating to the president's affair with

Monica Lewinsky, is said to be "revolting" and "disgusting".

A videotaped testimony of the President admitting he received oral sex

from Ms Lewinsky, then angrily losing his temper when pressed for more

details, will be released to television networks worldwide tomorrow

night, Australian time.

An estimated 2800 pages of sex-soaked evidence about the affair _ said

to be far more salacious than the summary report released by

investigator Kenneth Starr _ also will become public information.

Americans were torn by the decision. Many were left feeling the

committee of congressman empowered to review the mountain of evidence

_ and who yesterday voted to release it _ had turned the delicate task

into a mudslinging romp for by political pointscoring. Despite polls

showing the majority of Americans did not want any more evidence about

the Clinton-Lewinsky affair released, and 54 per cent were against the

screening of the video, the House judiciary committee split along

party lines in a vote to go public.

With the Republicans holding a 26-15 majority on the committee, the

Democrats fought a losing battle to keep further details of the affair

under wraps.

"We are trying not to be guided by polls, but our instincts and

judgment," said committee chairman, Republican Henry Hyde. "Our

mandate is to release as much as possible consistent with responsible

deletions to protect innocent people (and) salacious material that is

redundant (or) doesn't prove anything in particular."

Mr Clinton, speaking at a race relations policy launch yesterday,

appeared to be also eluding to his own problems when he called on

Americans to reconcile their differences. "(It comes) from the

turning away from the madness that life only matters if there is

someone we can demean, destroy or put down. That is the eternal lesson

for America," he said. Mr Clinton has indicated resignation is not an

option and a week ago said he would go on because Americans wanted him

to go on. But a Republican who voted in favor of the release predicted

moves to oust Mr Clinton could begin within three weeks. "It wouldn't

surprise me if we met in the first week of October to decide whether

to recommend an inquiry of impeachment," said Texan congressman Lamar

Smith.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: SUM

                   Copyright 1998 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              280 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday
                                   1 Edition

On Hillary Clinton

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 704 words


Dear Editor,

If Hillary Clinton becomes our next president, she will continue Obama's decay
of our beloved USA. Hillary and the people around here are such crooks and
liars, yet many Americans are fooled into believing her.

Hillary and many of the "Mainstream" liberal media are "in bed" together and
will pick out Mr. Trump's words as offensive and excoriate him, thereby
deflecting all the BAD news away from her. The left is politically corrupt and
morally bankrupt.

The real issues remain: the economy, job security, terrorism, family integrity
and teaching our children the moral values of right and wrong, as well as
respect for law enforcement and veterans.

We must get our moral compass back on track and elect Donald Trump on November
8, if we are to continue to maintain our status as a free Constitutional
Republic.

Irene and Margaret Roberts,

Carlsbad

Neighbors beware

Dear Editor,

I was checking my mail the other day a block away on Willow St. and Big Sky, and
there was a loose, tan and white male Pit Bull that was all bloody as if he'd
just been in a fight.

The neighbor called animal control. That Pit Bull chased me, running faster than
Cujo.

I'm disabled. I walked as fast as I could to get to my gate, but he caught up
with me at my gate.

I did not turn my eyes away from him.

I backed up, bumped the gate open with my hip, jumped in my yard and closed the
gate hard.

That Pit Bull had glassy eyes, and he stopped suddenly as if to warn me.

Years ago, I was attacked by a Pit Bull and spent three days in the hospital.

Mail comes at 12, 1 or 2 p.m. I'm terrified still and have panic attacks from
it.

I'm writing to warn all big Sky residents walk, riding bicycles or checking
their mail to carry a big stick and cell phone. Look for stray, vicious dogs
that are constantly loose.

We need animal control and the wonderful police force to constantly patrol for
these vicious dogs.

Parents of Big Sky, please watch your precious children playing on the street.
I'm concerned for the whole neighborhood.

Lynda Bezley Manlove,

Carlsbad

On Steve Pearce

I am nominating Steve Pearce for the Presidency of Male Chauvinists
International.

In his book, 'Just Fly the Plane, Stupid!,' he writes that both the military
chain of command and the family unit need structure where everyone plays his or
her role. He is the General, she is the Private (There is a rigidity and lack of
warmth and cherishing, which is very upsetting).

He really is warm, soft and cuddly.

He believes that the wife's role is to submit, and as he says this is biblical.
It is.

Ephesians 5:22- 33: Submission should be easy to a loving husband, one who loves
his wife as Christ loves the Church.

Ephesians 5 does not allow the husband to be selfish or domineering.

She submits in things that are right and lawful and God honoring - really
submits in everything. So the husband can be whatever he is. He does not have to
pass an intelligence or a kindness test.

The Greek which the King James Version translates "submit to" is hypotassesthai.
Arndt and Gingrich, the most commonly used New Testament dictionary today,
translates the word "subject oneself, be subjected or subordinated, obey," and
give examples of submission to parents, masters, church officials and secular
authorities.

It also speaks of voluntary submission in love, in Ephesians 5:21, "all that is
good."

The husband's duty is given as "loving" his wife, "as his own body."

This can be taken to mean "don't hit your wife," thus the wife is to be
presented "without spot or wrinkle and "without "blemish."

Wife beating was socially approved of at the time of the New Testament, and till
much later, unfortunately. The New International Bible translates Ephesians 5:
33: the wife must respect her husband. The Greek word that is translated respect
can also be translated "fear."

In short, a husband is to love his wife and not beat.

Helpmeets is also in the Bible, Genesis 2:18. It means that a husband and wife
are allies, helping each other, complimenting each other and both using the
gifts that God has given them.

It doesn't matter how he demeans his wife. This is between him and her.

But when he demeans the women in his constituency, as he does, this is a very
different matter.

Charlotte Williams,

Las Cruces

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: cnm


                     Copyright 2016 Carlsbad Current-Argus
                              All Rights Reserved


                              281 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday
                               FINAL - 5 EDITION

MORE SHOTS AT CRITICS FROM GENO;
'DON'T DEMEAN THOSE WHO DO APPRECIATE IT'

BYLINE:  JOHN ALTAVILLA, jaltavilla@courant.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 842 words


As he prepares to coach in his 17th Final Four and ninth in a row, in an attempt
to win his 11th national championship and fourth straight, Geno Auriemma
continues to concede some mainstream sports fans do not view his dynasty the
same way they might a male version.

In an hourlong national teleconference Wednesday, Auriemma was asked why he
thought the success of his program hasn't been celebrated as much as analyzed
over the past 25 years.

"The easiest answer is because it's women's sports," Auriemma said. "The [the
majority of] people who write are men. The people who follow sports a lot who
have opinions, that are quick to voice opinions, are men. So, the easy answer --
and I'm not saying it's the right answer -- is it's a male bias. And because
we're in the news when we do something, and we're thrown out there against a lot
of people's wishes, it's as if it's our fault; or that the women's game is not a
sport, that it's a joke."

Earlier in the week, Auriemma's program, which had just defeated Mississippi
State by 60 points in the Bridgeport Regional semifinals, was categorized as
"killing the women's game" by Boston Globe columnist Dan Shaughnessy because
their frequent routs are hard to watch.

Auriemma strongly objected to Shaughnessy's theory. In fact, he doesn't believe
the Huskies are the top women's college program in the United States.

"We're not even the most dominant women's program in the country," he said.
"When you look at Penn State volleyball, North Carolina soccer ... But because
those sports don't get a lot of television coverage, there's not a lot of talk
about it. They get to just do their thing and God bless them. I'm happy for
them. I'm proud of them. They've set a standard we should all strive to be at.

"But I don't know what the right answer is. I have no idea. We do what we do and
the people that appreciate it appreciate it. Yet, it's a constant battle, it's a
constant fight to prove we're legitimate, to prove we're deserving of some of
the attention we get. But what's the absolute right answer? I don't know. I have
no idea."

Auriemma said he believes part of the problem, in terms of perception, relates
to the fact that his team plays a sport that men also do.

"Maybe because it's basketball, and because it's easy to compare [to men's]
basketball," Auriemma said. "What other sport are you going to compare it to? If
there was a women's professional football league maybe they'd compare it to the
Patriots, but there isn't. If there was a [women's] baseball league, they'd
compare it to the Yankees. I don't know.

"I just know that what we do is really, really hard to do. What these three
seniors in particular and what this team has done is really hard to do. And for
those out there who don't appreciate it, that's fine, I'm not asking you to. But
don't demean those who do appreciate it, that's all."

The Huskies will play Oregon State on Sunday at 6 p.m. in Indianapolis in the
first semifinal game. Syracuse plays Washington in the second game. UConn is the
only Final Four team that has ever played in one before.

Perhaps parity has finally found its way into the women's game.

"I couldn't agree more on that," Auriemma said. "I don't think anything speaks
more to that than what this Final Four looks like. ... These are three teams
that by all measure only the kids on those teams and only the coaches expected
them to be there. I don't think anybody could foresee what happened.

"So, I think this is a great message to everybody. Stop focusing on what
Connecticut does and start paying attention to what a lot of these other schools
are doing, and you will see that there's a lot of great stuff going on out
there. It just sometimes doesn't get the attention that it deserves because it's
easy to write about Connecticut. If you work a little bit harder, there's a lot
of great stories out there."

An interesting sidelight to the event is that it's going to be the first time
all four teams will be coached by men.

"I think the one thing that I see from my vantage point is a lot of women's
coaches that get really big, important jobs, one of the first things they do is
hire a guy that maybe has coached a little bit ... because they know them and
have a relationship from somewhere else or think they can be a really good
recruiter or think they can help them with X's and O's," Auriemma said.

"And then because they do a pretty good job at a mid-major, which is usually
where it happens, they get an opportunity to coach at a mid-major. And then when
something happens at a school that may have the resources to be like Oregon
State or Washington, they get an opportunity [to coach].

"It's not like athletic directors are sitting at their desks saying, 'I'm going
to go out and get the best man I can find to coach women's basketball.' That's
not what happened, and that's not what should happen. What should happen is
every athletic director should say, 'I have the chance to have a really good
program if I put some time and effort into it, and I'm going to go out and find
a good coach.' "

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              282 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                             April 19, 2010 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Everybody's column

SECTION: VIEWPOINTS; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 1024 words


Merge toll-free numbers, expand 2-1-1 help lines

There has been much talk of budget cuts resulting in reduced services across New
York. I would like to suggest a cut that would actually increase services to
those in need. If our legislators choose to consolidate some of the state's 350
toll-free telephone numbers, the telecommunications savings alone could reach $9
million annually.

How is this not a service cut? Investing just $4.4 million of the savings from
this action in 2-1-1 help lines will ensure that citizens across the state will
be connected with the help they need. Further, 116 jobs would be maintained and
37 new ones created, adding to the state's revenue.

More than 90 percent of the state's population is now served by 2-1-1, including
Western New York. Additional funding would preserve existing services as well as
expand them to unserved areas by utilizing existing help lines, a model already
being used downstate. In 2009, 2-1-1 made 2.78 million referrals in New York, a
big increase over 2008, reflecting the soaring demand for help with everyday
needs and disaster recovery.

I urge the Legislature and governor to move forward with this sensible and
cost-effective plan.

Kevin Murphy

Chairman, 2-1-1

Western New York Advisory Board

***

Sound reasons to oppose senior housing in town

The opposition to the proposed West Seneca senior complex is based on
common-sense reasons. First, when the demographics of society change and the
baby boomers are gone, who will fill these projects? They will no longer be
filled with subsidized low-income seniors, but just subsidized low-income
residents.

Second, these complexes do not pay their fair share of taxes for the services
they require. These services are presently being subsidized by other
overburdened West Seneca taxpayers.

The third reason is property values. Families who pay high taxes and spend
hundreds of thousands of dollars for a home hope that the property might
appreciate, not depreciate. It is far from ignorant for families to be
concerned. I do not think proximity to a two- or three-story tenement is a good
home-selling feature.

Fourth, there are a number of more acceptable places even within West Seneca for
senior housing aside from the former Houghton Campus. The Gardenville Plaza and
the Seneca Mall sites are two obvious examples.

And fifth, West Seneca already has accommodated at least three large senior
complexes. Enough is enough.

I give the Town of Orchard Park credit. It is not afraid to fight for the
control of its town. Hopefully, West Seneca can demonstrate the same resolve.

Gary Schoene

West Seneca

***

Paladino has his faults, but he'll pursue change

When Howard Beale, in the movie "Network," shouted his rant "I'm as mad as hell,
and I'm not going to take this anymore," people started opening their windows
and yelling that they were also sick and tired of it and they weren't taking it
anymore. It seemed like the end of his job and Beale announced that he was going
to commit suicide, but the media saw the ratings and he became a network
darling.

Well, now our not-so-smooth Beale, Carl Paladino, is apparently going to pay for
his indiscretions. Paladino isn't popular because of his personal life, his
charm, his speaking ability or how good he looks in a suit, but for his clear
and unambiguous disgust of politics in New York State. So he's not politically
correct. Does anyone really believe that he's a racist or a misogynist? Who else
would charge into Albany and truly fight hard to clean it up -- Rick Lazio,
Steve Levy, Andrew Cuomo? Give me a break. They're all professional politicians.

Paladino may have a lot of faults, but right now I want candidates who will
change the culture in Albany.

Dominic J. Verso

Williamsville

***

Racist, sexist e-mails demean human beings

There is a difference between being politically "incorrect," as Carl Paladino
claims to be, and being disrespectful and insulting to others. Racist and sexist
e-mails are most certainly examples of disrespect and clearly demean the dignity
and worth inherent in every human being.

Ellen Kennedy

Buffalo

***

IDAs failing taxpayers, major reform is needed

Industrial development agencies are complex bureaucracies that hand out tax
breaks to businesses based on job creation promises. We have six of them in Erie
County alone. There has been a lot of press recently about IDAs and their
attempt to avoid paying taxes. IDAs are just trying to have their cake and eat
it, too.

When reformers demand more accountability, IDAs claim that they're private
businesses and should be free from oversight and regulation. But when tax time
rolls around, they claim they're nonprofits that don't need to pay taxes!

People need to start asking why IDAs continue to spend more and more of our tax
dollars, yet continue to fail to deliver the good jobs and economic growth we
desperately need.

We're facing giant budget deficits and cutbacks, with local taxes continuing to
rise, all while well-connected business leaders and developers cash in on IDA
hand-outs. IDAs should pay their fair share, and we need to look at long-term
solutions -- and I'm not talking about 20- and 30-year tax exemptions for
corporations. By fixing IDAs as a whole, we could guarantee that they create
good jobs, and our local communities could get some tax relief.

Allison Duwe

Executive Director, Coalition for Economic Justice, Buffalo

***

Don't expect firefighters to repay money earned

The expectation that firefighters will have to repay money earned by performing
their extremely dangerous jobs, without which services the city can't function,
is shortsighted. Who would blame the men and women if they decided to make those
payments from new jobs in Florida?

Sandie Davison

Hamburg

***

Let's teach students to respect principals

They just keep coming -- those pictures of local school principals being
humiliated in front of the student body as an incentive to read more books. The
latest shows an elementary school principal being slimed at a "special reward
ceremony" for elementary school students. If humiliation is a special reward,
where does respect fit into the picture? Please stop.

Thora S. VanHorn

Buffalo

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letters

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              283 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                           September 16, 2012 Sunday

Free speech vs blasphemy

BYLINE:  Saad Rasool

SECTION: Vol. III No. 81

LENGTH: 860  words


Sometime in June of this year, a bigoted California individual produced a
low-budget film titled 'Innocence of Muslims', which (reportedly) portrays
Muslims as violent and immoral, and specifically makes blasphemous slants
against the Prophet Muhammad (PBUH). The film was screened at some Hollywood
theater, and subsequently, clips from it started to appear on YouTube (dubbed in
Arabic). Naturally, in a sequence of events that has become all too familiar in
the recent past, street protests against this expression of religious bigotry
and hatred erupted across the Muslim world.

While the Obama Administration has admonished the film for its social and
political consequences, many in the US claim that the film was a permissible
exercise of their constitutional guarantee of 'freedom of expression'.

Let's get the obvious out of the way first: we must all condemn this film, and
the sentiment it depicts, with all our vociferous might. Such actions, by anyone
in any part of the world, are barbaric to the fabric of human and religious
sentiments.

Now, keeping politics and religion aside, the key legal question then becomes:
do constitutional freedoms extend as far as debasing someone else's religious
sentiments?

Let's start with an analysis of the American jurisprudence on the issue. In the
US, the First Amendment protects freedom of speech and exercise of religion. But
unlike the claims of those who defend this blasphemous film, these freedoms are
not unfettered. They, for example, cannot be used as protection against inciting
violence. And a clear demonstration of this principle can be found in the case
of Chaplinsky vs New Hampshire (315 U.S. 568 (1942)). Justice Murphy of the
United States Supreme Court, writing for the majority, held that "fighting
words" are not protected by free speech. This, in the court's opinion, includes
words "which by their very utterance inflict injury or tend to incite an
immediate breach of the peace." Such words "are no essential part of any
exposition of ideas, and are of such slight social value sass a step to truth
that any benefit that may be derived from them is clearly outweighed by the
social interest in order and morality". As a result, these fall outside the
protection of the First Amendment. Now who, in their rightful mind, can argue
that (in the current geo-political paradigm) this film and its contents do not
constitute "fighting words" towards the Muslim world?

Even in case the protection of free speech is awarded at the fringes to people
who are, for all intents and purposes, simply employing hateful behavior, the
United States Supreme Court has held in R.A.V. v. City of St. Paul (505 U.S. 377
(1992)) that expression of certain ideas (through speech or actions) "can be
banned because of the action it entails", even if the ideas expressed are
protected under the First Amendment. Thus, if for no other reason (or religious
sentimentality), then simply because of the violent consequences of making such
a film, the same is not protected under the United States Constitution.

In Pakistan, we have drafted our Constitution more carefully than others. Our
freedom of speech and express clause (Article 19 of the Constitution),
guarantees every citizen "the right to freedom of speech and expression"
including press, subject to certain restrictions including anything that
denigrates "the glory of Islam". I say we have drafted this constitutional
provision carefully, because we have not protected anti-religion speech... only
anti-Islam speech. In essence, we have impliedly given ourselves the
constitutional right (per the freedom of speech clause) to deface or insult any
(and every) other religion; but should any religious minority say something back
to our faith, it will be a constitutional violation.

This implied constitutional protection (in Article 19) for hate-speech against
religious minorities not only violates Article 20 of the Constitution (freedom
of religion), but also militates against Article 14 (dignity of man). Speaking
against some religious minority's deeply held beliefs (which frequently happens
during religious rallies and fanatic sermons in our land) necessarily demeans
that minority, and is an offence against their human dignity. In a world where
the inherent worth of a human being is fast becoming the focus of fundamental
rights discourse, human dignity has taken its seat in the 'basic human rights'
across the international community, and is being interpreted liberally. Our
legal and judicial philosophy must also embrace a broad interpretation of this
right to include a protection of religious sentiment.

As this saga continues to unfolds, I pray that we do not demean ourselves in the
process by indulging in the same sort of religious offence and abhorrence that
the producer of this film indulged in. While using all our resources to bring
the culprits to justice, already provided within the law, I hope that we do not
take law into our own hands. After all, the Quran itself bears a warning to this
idea: "Do not curse the idols they set up beside Allah, lest they blaspheme and
curse Allah, out of ignorance." (Surah 6, verse 108).

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              284 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                           September 16, 2012 Sunday

Free speech vs blasphemy

BYLINE:  Saad Rasool

SECTION: Vol. III No. 81

LENGTH: 860  words


Sometime in June of this year, a bigoted California individual produced a
low-budget film titled 'Innocence of Muslims', which (reportedly) portrays
Muslims as violent and immoral, and specifically makes blasphemous slants
against the Prophet Muhammad (PBUH). The film was screened at some Hollywood
theater, and subsequently, clips from it started to appear on YouTube (dubbed in
Arabic). Naturally, in a sequence of events that has become all too familiar in
the recent past, street protests against this expression of religious bigotry
and hatred erupted across the Muslim world.

While the Obama Administration has admonished the film for its social and
political consequences, many in the US claim that the film was a permissible
exercise of their constitutional guarantee of 'freedom of expression'.

Let's get the obvious out of the way first: we must all condemn this film, and
the sentiment it depicts, with all our vociferous might. Such actions, by anyone
in any part of the world, are barbaric to the fabric of human and religious
sentiments.

Now, keeping politics and religion aside, the key legal question then becomes:
do constitutional freedoms extend as far as debasing someone else's religious
sentiments?

Let's start with an analysis of the American jurisprudence on the issue. In the
US, the First Amendment protects freedom of speech and exercise of religion. But
unlike the claims of those who defend this blasphemous film, these freedoms are
not unfettered. They, for example, cannot be used as protection against inciting
violence. And a clear demonstration of this principle can be found in the case
of Chaplinsky vs New Hampshire (315 U.S. 568 (1942)). Justice Murphy of the
United States Supreme Court, writing for the majority, held that "fighting
words" are not protected by free speech. This, in the court's opinion, includes
words "which by their very utterance inflict injury or tend to incite an
immediate breach of the peace." Such words "are no essential part of any
exposition of ideas, and are of such slight social value sass a step to truth
that any benefit that may be derived from them is clearly outweighed by the
social interest in order and morality". As a result, these fall outside the
protection of the First Amendment. Now who, in their rightful mind, can argue
that (in the current geo-political paradigm) this film and its contents do not
constitute "fighting words" towards the Muslim world?

Even in case the protection of free speech is awarded at the fringes to people
who are, for all intents and purposes, simply employing hateful behavior, the
United States Supreme Court has held in R.A.V. v. City of St. Paul (505 U.S. 377
(1992)) that expression of certain ideas (through speech or actions) "can be
banned because of the action it entails", even if the ideas expressed are
protected under the First Amendment. Thus, if for no other reason (or religious
sentimentality), then simply because of the violent consequences of making such
a film, the same is not protected under the United States Constitution.

In Pakistan, we have drafted our Constitution more carefully than others. Our
freedom of speech and express clause (Article 19 of the Constitution),
guarantees every citizen "the right to freedom of speech and expression"
including press, subject to certain restrictions including anything that
denigrates "the glory of Islam". I say we have drafted this constitutional
provision carefully, because we have not protected anti-religion speech... only
anti-Islam speech. In essence, we have impliedly given ourselves the
constitutional right (per the freedom of speech clause) to deface or insult any
(and every) other religion; but should any religious minority say something back
to our faith, it will be a constitutional violation.

This implied constitutional protection (in Article 19) for hate-speech against
religious minorities not only violates Article 20 of the Constitution (freedom
of religion), but also militates against Article 14 (dignity of man). Speaking
against some religious minority's deeply held beliefs (which frequently happens
during religious rallies and fanatic sermons in our land) necessarily demeans
that minority, and is an offence against their human dignity. In a world where
the inherent worth of a human being is fast becoming the focus of fundamental
rights discourse, human dignity has taken its seat in the 'basic human rights'
across the international community, and is being interpreted liberally. Our
legal and judicial philosophy must also embrace a broad interpretation of this
right to include a protection of religious sentiment.

As this saga continues to unfolds, I pray that we do not demean ourselves in the
process by indulging in the same sort of religious offence and abhorrence that
the producer of this film indulged in. While using all our resources to bring
the culprits to justice, already provided within the law, I hope that we do not
take law into our own hands. After all, the Quran itself bears a warning to this
idea: "Do not curse the idols they set up beside Allah, lest they blaspheme and
curse Allah, out of ignorance." (Surah 6, verse 108).

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              285 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Express

                            November 4, 2014 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

There can be no excuse for attack on poppy seller;
Ross Clark Political commentator

BYLINE: Ross Clark

SECTION: EDITORIAL; OPINION, COLUMNS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 864 words


IS THERE any symbol of British values more enduring than the poppy? Rather than
building triumphal arches or grand avenues to celebrate victory in the Great War
- as great military powers were previously wont to do - we gave the world a
simple token of remembrance for all those who died, whether in or out of
uniform, whether on our side or not.

Unfortunately, it is also a symbol which seems to bring out some of the worst in
modern Britain, as one 15-year-old army cadet found to his cost on Saturday when
he was standing at a bus stop in Manchester after selling poppies. Out of
nowhere, a hooded figure went up to him and sprayed the boy with a lit aerosol,
leaving him with burns to the face and singed hair.

Police have yet to establish a motive for the attack but it would be no less
shocking if it were an act of common criminality rather than religious or
political extremism.

To pick on a 15-year-old who is peacefully going about his business raising
money for desperately injured people shows a depravity of behaviour which
demeans us all.

Of course most poppy-sellers in Britain this week can expect a very different
reception. Two hundred miles away in London, police at the weekend faced the
challenge of how to cope with larger than expected crowds who had come to see
the spectacle of 888,246 ceramic poppies planted in the moat of the Tower of
London - one for each of the British and Colonial military casualties in the
First World War.

CLEARLY the vast majority of Britons are humbled by the toll of human life
depicted in this impressive work. It is staggering to think that every single
poppy in a field which stretches nearly the whole way round the moat of the
Tower represents a lost son, father, husband.

For the vast majority the reaction to a field full of poppies is to strengthen
our belief that military action should only ever be the last resort. Yet there
is a sizeable minority who try to twist the meaning of the poppy into one of
militarism or anything else they dislike about modern Britain.

Last week a Left-wing critic condemned the work at the Tower of London as
"trite" and accused its creators of helping to promote the "inwardthinking mood
that lets Ukip thrive". Never mind that Ukip was thriving long before the Tower
of London installation was begun.

I am sure that he would never dream of condoning an attack on a 15-year-old boy
but it would be closer to the truth to say that such sneering remarks generate a
mood in which thugs and vandals can thrive by giving them the justification they
need in their attacks.

Every year, sadly, seems to bring a spate of these incidents. Just last week a
cadet selling poppies in Belper, Derbyshire, was threatened by two men in a
passing car who wound down a window and told him that he would be shot by the
Taliban.

Two years ago young poppysellers in Bradford were given adult minders after
incidents in which they had been subjected to abuse.

In August vandals defaced a memorial to three airmen whose plane crashed in 1940
at Cwmavon in South Wales.

On the few occasions when people have been arrested for such actions punishment
has not even nearly reflected public disgust. In 2010 extremists from Muslims
Against Crusades burned poppies and chanted "British soldiers burn in hell"
during an incident in London's Kensington. The result? The one person convicted
was fined just £50.

Wearing a poppy, of course, does not signify support for any particular military
action. It is not about showing your approval for wars in Iraq, Afghanistan or
anywhere else. It is a simple act of humanity showing recognition for those who
have given their lives or their health while serving in the armed forces, and
providing practical support for those who have suffered loss.

There was a time when the Left would have been universally horrified by those
who denounce the poppy as some kind of militaristic emblem. Pacifists may have
disapproved of the Great War but they had nothing but compassion for the men who
had come back from it horribly injured and for the families who had lost sons,
brothers and fathers.

In the 1970s the Labour benches in the House of Commons were as full of proud
ex-servicemen as were the Conservative benches. It is only in recent years that
some of the Left have seized on the poppy as something to be attacked.

JON SNOW, the Channel 4 newsreader, refused to wear one on screen saying that he
would not give in to "poppy fascism". Can you imagine him saying the same about
World Aids Day or Breast Cancer Awareness ribbons?

If people want to oppose military campaigns in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya or
anywhere else, fair enough. Britain is a free country with a long-established
tolerance of political protest. Go and march around Westminster Square, take to
a soapbox at Speakers' Corner or whatever else. But please don't seize on the
poppy campaign.

People who have served in the armed forces and stand to benefit from the poppy
appeal do not deserve to be made the subject of political protest. They deserve
only compassion and practical help which is why the Manchester cadet and many
thousands like him give up their time to sell poppies.

'A depraved act that demeans us all'

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SELFLESS: Thousands across the country give their time to sell
poppiesPicture: ALAMY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DXP


                       Copyright 2014 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              286 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                            August 8, 2009 Saturday
                                National Edition

Ghosts for hire

BYLINE: Robert Fulford, National Post

SECTION: ISSUES & IDEAS; Robert Fulford; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 804  words


Is ghostwriting a legitimate and inevitable part of public life? It's so firmly
installed in business and politics that we can barely imagine doing without it.
Everyone seems to agree that those lacking the ability to express themselves
should have their words cobbled together by anonymous scribes who provide prose
on demand. But perhaps ghostwriting deserves the same critical attention we
direct at other familiar but questionable practices, such as influence-peddling
or lobbying. Ghostwriting also operates in private. Ghostwriting also encourages
cynicism. And ghostwriting also produces some ethically dubious results.

This week an American court case revealed in detail what many had suspected for
years: The army of ghostwriters infesting the Earth has secretly wormed its way
into the medical journals that doctors rely on for up-to-date information. A
special branch of ghostwriting now helps pharmaceutical companies to build the
reputations of their brands.

The New York Times described how the system worked when DesignWrite, a medical
words-for-sale agency, carried out a commission for Wyeth, maker of the hormone
therapy drugs Premarin and Prempro. First, a DesignWrite employee outlined an
article on hormone therapy that could be published under the name of any
appropriate doctor; the outline described the author as "TBD" -- to be decided.
DesignWrite submitted the outline to Dr. Gloria Bachmann, a professor of
obstetrics and gynecology. She approved the outline and a final draft, which
appeared in 2005 in The Journal of Reproductive Medicine with Dr. Bachmann named
as primary author. It reviewed many favourable results from hormone drugs and
used the term "gold standard." Medical writers were thanked for "editorial
assistance" but there was no mention that Wyeth paid DesignWrite $25,000. Dr.
Bachmann says the article represents her views.

Other ghostwritten papers, 26 in all, were printed in 18 medical journals,
including The American Journal of Obstetrics and Gynecology and The
International Journal of Cardiology. None of them mentioned Wyeth's role. Later,
a federal study revealed that the hormone drugs carried an increased risk of
breast cancer, heart disease and stroke for menopausal women.

The ghostwriting was uncovered by lawyers working for 8,400 women who are suing
Wyeth and claiming the hormone drugs caused them harm. Dr. Joseph S. Ross of the
Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York has said, "It's almost like steroids
and baseball. You don't know who was using and who wasn't; you don't know which
articles are tainted and which aren't." Wyeth's lawyers claim the articles were
authoritative and peer-reviewed and in keeping with standard practice in the
field. Still, Wyeth changed its policy in 2006, ordering that future articles
will acknowledge the roles of both medical writers and Wyeth.

Advertising on the Internet proves how respectable ghostwriting has become.
Thewritersforhire.com,based in Houston, posts prices for book manuscripts --
$25,000 to $65,000 for a 250-page book. The Writers' Union of Canada, having
determined which of its members will accept ghostly commissions, can put you in
touch with a suitable scribe, recommending that you pay $40,000 per book,
research extra. The Internet has also created a boom in ghostwriting. The more
online outlets exist, the more ghosts are needed. Quick Delivery Ghostwriters, a
new outfit set up this summer in Riverside, Ca., responds to what it sees as an
increased demand for ghosted blog contributions. Who will be the first to
establish a famously controversial, highly personal blog and then later admit it
was churned out with the "editorial assistance" of Quick Delivery? Ghostwriting
is accepted in a mood of genial tolerance. Who doesn't do it, after all? You
sometimes hear journalists brag about moonlighting for generous fees as
political speech-writers. But every speech and every book churned out by a
ghostwriter helps to lower the quality of public life.

As a universal practice, ghostwriting erases the element of uniqueness that
should be part of public utterance. When a journalist writes what a politician
speaks, the world hears from neither the journalist nor the politician. It hears
the sound of a machine printing out the standardized rhetoric of a
hack-for-hire.

Ghosting points us toward a world of counterfeit personality where all prose
will be written in the same down-trodden, down-market language, public
utterances will be uniformly colourless and individual voices will be deadened
or eliminated. Ghosting demeans those who speak words written by others. It
demeans language itself, the key to civilization.

Language is not plumbing. It does not consist of interchangeable parts. It
reflects the singular humanity of the individual who uses it, or should.

robert.fulford@utoronto.ca

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              287 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     June 6, 2001, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Energy plan intrudes on land Bush policy would allow the government to take
private property for power line sites, and some say it's not for the public good

BYLINE: Fred Bayles and Martin Kasindorf

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 1254 words


Tom Kreiger didn't know much about eminent domain until two years
ago, when he discovered a surveyor from Wisconsin Public Service
Corp. on his land in northern Wisconsin.

Kreiger was told about plans for a high-voltage electricity line,
supported by 100-foot towers, that would cut through his 40 acres
of forest and pass within 500 feet of his house. The line was
needed, he was told, to provide a critical second link between
power companies in Wisconsin and Minnesota.

Small consolation for Kreiger, who learned that his land would
be taken against his will.


"That gets your attention real quick," says Kreiger, an office
products salesman who now spends much of his time at hearings
and organizing property owners to challenge the proposed 250-mile
transmission line from Duluth, Minn., to Wausau, Wis.

"It's up to us to show the state there's major flaws in the information
they're getting from the utilities," Kreiger says.

Now there's something else to worry Kreiger and others with property
in the way of proposed power lines.

President Bush's energy policy would give the Federal Energy Regulatory
Commission (FERC) power to take land for electric lines by using
eminent domain, a legal concept that permits the taking of private
land for public good, such as to build roads or schools.

FERC already has the authority to use eminent domain to take land
for natural gas, gasoline and oil pipelines. The Bush proposal
would expand that authority to include land for electricity power
lines.

Plan faces Republican opposition

The administration says the change is needed to speed construction
of backup lines for the nation's overtaxed power grid and to add
pathways to send more electricity greater distances.

Legislation to expand the federal power of eminent domain to electricity
lines must go through Congress, and the plan faced plenty of opposition
even before the Democrats assumed control of the Senate starting
today. A group of Western governors and senators, mainly Republicans,
have attacked the Bush plan. They say the taking of private land
should be left to states.

The incoming chairman of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources
Committee, Sen. Jeff Bingaman, D-N.M., included in his energy
bill a provision that would allow states to enter into regional
compacts to route power lines across state borders.

Energy Department spokeswoman Jill Schroeder points to Path 15,
a power line bottleneck in central California, to illustrate the
need for a federal role. San Francisco-area residents have been
left in the dark at times when there was surplus power in Los
Angeles because the north-south power pathway can't carry enough
electricity.

State utilities have talked about expanding Path 15 for years
without taking action. Last week, Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham
ordered a federal feasibility study for the project.

"In the 1930s, power connections were developed locally," Schroeder
says. "Now we live in a bigger, global economy that moves electricity
longer distances."

The thought of distant bureaucrats making such decisions is troublesome
to property owners opposed to high-power electricity lines that
would spoil their views, lower property values and raise concerns
about electromagnetic emissions from wires. "This is too much
power for the federal government," says Barbara Wilder, a homeowner
in Temecula, Calif., fighting a 31-mile, 500-kilovolt line that
would go through the backyards, golf courses and ranches of Riverside
County, Calif.

Power lines would "demean" area

Wilder, co-chairwoman of Save Southwest Riverside County, hopes
to convince the state Public Utilities Commission that nearby
San Diego doesn't need the extra power the $ 271 million line would
provide. Short of that, she hopes to get the line moved to public
land east of the route now under consideration.

"It would completely demean our valley, a place of rolling hills
and vineyards," says Loma Bosinger, who co-chairs the group.
"They want to condemn our property and give us pennies on the
dollar."

Marc Mihaly, a San Francisco environmental lawyer representing
Wilder's group, questions whether the federal government should
decide where to construct electric power lines. "It isn't necessary
for a state system to be basically taken over in Washington,"
he says.

But the utility industry says federal authority would streamline
the approval and construction of some 30,000 miles of transmission
lines the U.S. Energy Information Agency says is needed by 2010
to improve electric reliability. Currently, there are around 159,000
miles of high-voltage wires across the country. Some 7,500 miles
of transmission lines are under consideration. Government and
industry leaders say the number would be higher if utilities didn't
face long battles over such proposals.

"We will need to build half again as much transmission capacity
in 20 years as exists today," says David Owens, executive vice
president of the Edison Electric Institute, a trade organization
for utilities. "We need to expedite the process as much as we
can."

Industry prefers federal process

When FERC uses its existing power of eminent domain to set pipeline
routes, the agency's staff reviews proposals from pipeline companies
and reports to commission members, who then hold public meetings
on the plans.

If the agency approves a project, it grants the pipeline company
authority to take land. Landowners have no recourse other than
to dicker about the price they get for the land.

What makes the process attractive to the electric industry is
its speed. FERC reviews take an average 18 months, compared with
state and local reviews for an electric transmission line that
can take a decade.

Federal oversight also would help eliminate complications when
a proposed electric line crosses state borders.

"States often have different criteria and will hold back a decision
until they see what the other state has to say" says Larry Borgard,
vice president for transmission at Wisconsin Public Service, which
wants to build a line across Kreiger's property. "If the federal
government takes over, you only have one set of rules to play
by."

That fast-track route would be welcomed by American Electric Power,
the Columbus, Ohio, utility that won approval last week for a
90-mile electricity line from Oceana, W.Va., to Roanoke, Va.,
11 years after it was first proposed. The fight to win approval
added about $ 32 million to the $ 200 million project.

Pat Hemlepp, a spokesman for the utility, says the line was proposed
in 1990 as a backup for an existing high-voltage line. He says
the additional line is needed to meet electricity demands for
2004.

"It's gone from being something we thought we would need in the
future to something we now need desperately," Hemlepp says.

"Anything that would expedite the process would be welcomed,"
he says.

Debbie Little is less enthusiastic. The Foster Falls, Va., homeowner
has spent years fighting the 765-kilovolt line, which will run
within a few hundred feet of her home and include 120-foot towers
with blinking strobe lights.

"I know this is supposed to be for the public good, but it seems
they favor business over the citizen," she says. "I'm afraid
if the federal government wound up handling this, there would
be even more bureaucracy, and local citizens would lose more rights."



LOAD-DATE: June 06, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Sandy Huffaker Jr. for USA TODAY; PHOTO, B/W, Nick Ut, AP;
Land vs. power: Loma Bosinger, co-chairwoman of Save Southwest Riverside County,
doesn't want to see power lines constructed in this Temecula Valley vineyard.
"They want to condemn our property and give us pennies on the dollar," she says.
New landscape? Electric power lines span the horizon in San Gabriel, Calif.

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              288 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 Cayman Net News, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 6, 2009 Friday

EDITORIAL: The shape of things to come?

BYLINE: Cayman Net News, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 811 words


Nov. 6--Today, Friday 6 November 2009, the new constitution of the Cayman
Islands comes into effect, bringing with it significantly increased powers for
elected ministers.

Also this week came the announcement of the first step in the construction of
the proposed new cruise ship berths -- the signing of a Memorandum of
Understanding with the Dart Group for the design and negotiation of the
construction contract itself.

It is therefore more than regrettable in a week of accomplishments that the new
Premier, when still Leader of Government Business, Hon. McKeeva Bush, has once
again sought to restrict or limit the ability of this newspaper to publish the
news of the day -- this time by denying us access to certain documentary
information freely made available to other local media.

Furthermore, in a continuation of his propensity to try to besmirch the good
name of anyone that disagrees with him, Mr Bush at the same time took a turn on
the Auditor General, referring to Mr Dan Duguay in terms that attempt to demean
the Auditor General but in reality demean the office of the Leader of Government
Business, now Premier.

The effect of this is that instead of looking forward to the constitutional
advancement of the Cayman Islands with positive anticipation, there must be
considerable trepidation with regard to the new and increased powers to be
assumed, especially by the Premier.

At this time, we do not propose to go into any more detail regarding the denial
of information to Cayman Net News and instead attempt to move on in a spirit of
positive accomplishment rather than negative confrontation and recriminations.

In the meantime, the expected news that the cruise port construction project
will involve a local company, DECCO, a Dart Enterprises company, is indeed
welcome and all concerned in the process are to be applauded in not, for once,
favouring a foreign company for unidentified reasons and at the same time making
it difficult for local entrepreneurs to succeed.

There is no doubt that the Dart Group has embraced -- or one can safely say,
graced the Cayman Islands in many ways and they have certainly demonstrated in
giving back to the community that they are not here just to make as much money
as possible.

We wish that other wealthy and influential residents would show as much social
responsibility in this hour of economic need, including a willingness to come
forward publicly with constructive criticism as well as suggestions where the
government is perceived to be going adrift -- or for that matter enhance our
daily life.

Of course, no one is going to criticise the Dart Group's tangible contributions
to the Cayman community in the shape of the public parks and other charitable
endeavours, but surely the motive behind public philanthropy and constructive
criticism of perceived mistakes is still the same -- the greater good of society
as a whole. One might say that this is also part of a desirable entrepreneurial
spirit of wanting the best economic environment in which local business of all
descriptions may flourish.

The question is will the government -- any government -- ever embrace
well-intentioned criticism with the same enthusiasm as it readily accepts
community contributions in cash or kind.

It was to be hoped that the maturing of our political system embodied in our new
constitution would have at least encouraged a correspondingly increased level of
maturity among our politicians but, alas, instead of getting better, the
situation sadly seems to be getting worse.

At a time when we are experiencing the worst economic slump in recent memory,
when not even the government can pay its bills, one would have expected a spirit
of conciliation and co-operation to be engendered, instead of the more usual "my
way or the highway" approach.

Just in recent days we have seen public acrimony on display between our leaders
and financial professionals; between the government and the media; and now
between what should be government colleagues.

If the new Premier wants the country to rejoice with him on the occasion of the
commencement of the new constitution and his elevated position and prestige,
then he should start treating others with respect in a statesmanlike manner, not
indulging in petty gutter politics and uttering unsavoury pronouncements.

His failure to do so has tarnished what should have been a gratifying moment for
the entire country instead of just a select few.

To see more of the Cayman Net News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.caymannetnews.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Cayman Net News, Grand
Cayman, Cayman Islands Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services.
For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091106-1CY-EDITORIAL-The-shape-of-things-to-come-1106

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CY


                                 Copyright 2009


                              289 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Daily Deal (New York, NY)

                            June 12, 2002 Wednesday

Community standards

BYLINE: by Matt Miller

SECTION: INDUSTRY INSIGHT

LENGTH: 909 words

HIGHLIGHT: Silicon Valley's ethos is best represented by the Napster phenomenon,
not the 123-year-old symphony orchestra that it's blithely letting die.


In this age of downsized reality, corporate liquidation is about as common in
the Silicon Valley as pizza parlors and coffee houses. Two bankruptcy
announcements last week, however, grabbed local attention, and for very
different reasons. A week ago Monday, Napster Inc. filed for Chapter 11
bankruptcy protection. The following day, the San Jose Symphony Orchestra
announced it would do so.

The demise of the two organizations isn't just about music and musical taste or
shifting demographics. While Silicon Valley denizens might object to any
connection, the two speak volumes about the state of the neighborhood. Seen in
tandem, their failure is about attention span, self-absorption and the value of
capital. It also helps illustrate the dark side of a state of mind that
completely wraps life into the next big thing and its attendant financial
promise.

For those whose tastes run to Conway Twitty on cassette tapes, some background.
In May, German media giant Bertelsmann AG agreed to purchase for $8 million
Napster, the 4-year-old music file-sharing service that had been attempting for
the past several months to go legit after being sued for piracy. Napster's
filing for Chapter 11 was a pre-condition to the sale.

The San Jose Symphony is 123 years old. It's running a $3 million deficit this
year on a budget of $8 million. The orchestra pays its musicians on average
$24,000. That's a year. The symphony has no endowment.

According to the Los Angeles Times, the symphony's advisory panel issued a
death-rattle report that said Silicon Valley companies couldn't be counted on
for support. They "are feeling vulnerable to today's difficult economic
situation."

To put this in perspective, about 2.3 million people inhabit the Silicon Valley,
which continues to boast of one of the country's highest per-capita incomes.
Even today, the San Jose metropolitan area has an economy larger than that of
Malaysia. And Kuala Lumpur can support a symphonic orchestra, even if it's far
more a chimes-and-gongs-band type of place.

In the Silicon Valley, some very real economic anguish is being mixed with
plenty of crocodile tears. While numerous investors are stuck with millions of
worthless shares and worker bees hold billions of worthless options, enough
Silicon Valley types cashed out when the going was good to finance a small
country.

San Jose has never gained civic gravitas, good times or bad. Perhaps it's the
long shadow of San Francisco. Perhaps it's because one could easily work and
live in any of the area's dozen or so towns and never set foot in downtown San
Jose. Perhaps it's because a gold-rush mentality demeans any notion of
attachment.

Silicon Valley residents lack a sense of community. Its communities lack a sense
of permanence. That stands to reason. An overpowering business environment has
been built on constant change. The region ranks 39th in per-capita giving among
the top 50 metropolitan areas, according to the advisory panel. The area's
biggest local draws are the San Jose Sharks hockey team and Paramount's Great
America amusement park just down the road from Intel Corp.

Napster fits in perfectly with the Valley's ethos. To rehash the well-known
tale, Napster was begun in a Northeastern University dorm room by a
beer-swilling college kid who decided it would be cool to share music via the
Internet. Share he did. By its heyday early last year, more than 60 million
subscribers had logged on, driving the recording industry crazy and forever
changing music delivery. Napster moved to the Silicon Valley's Redwood City.

Not to demean the technology. It was transcendent. But Napster was wildly
popular because it was free.

Enter the lawyers and the money guys. About two years back, while the record
labels were trying to sue Napster's free service out of existence, well-known
Silicon Valley VC Hummer Winblad Venture Partners invested some $15 million to
grab controlling interest. Bertelsmann money followed. By last week, Bertelsmann
had loaned $91 million.

Investment in Napster may be a misnomer. This was a punt. If new management
could figure out a way for subscribers to pay for Napster, then Hummer Winblad
stood to make a bundle and Bertelsmann had solved the thorny problem of digital
downloads for its music. If not, never mind. It's onto the next project.

The same holds true with Napster users. When a Court of Appeals ruled in
February last year that Napster violated copyright, millions of young users
bemoaned the end of an era, then effortlessly switched to even more powerful
free sites.

Technologically exhilarating, Napster came to exemplify a fierce -  and wholly
disposable -  loyalty. That's the Silicon Valley in a nutshell. No wonder its
thousands of well-heeled residents find every excuse imaginable not to support a
long-standing institution.

It just takes one individual. About 500 miles south, the San Diego Symphony
faced a similar predicament. Why support an orchestra when surf's up, the golf
courses are eternally green and roller blades can be strapped on year-round? The
symphony had been bankrupt once. Finances were weak. Then Qualcomm founder Irwin
Jacobs announced earlier this year he would endow it with $120 million. That
means the San Diego Symphony will be around for decades.

Jacobs' Silicon Valley counterparts should be shamed.

- Matt Miller is a senior writer for The Daily Deal.

www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2002 The Deal L.L.C.


                              290 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Philadelphia Inquirer

                      March 9, 2003 Sunday CITY-D EDITION

Newsmakers / CNN's 'TalkBack Live' canceled after long run

BYLINE: By Beth Gillin; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 579 words


In an abrupt move, CNN has canceled its long-running afternoon show, TalkBack
Live.

The show, with Arthel Neville as its current host, has been on the air for nine
years and features guests talking, or arguing, about the issues of the day.

Broadcast from the Atlanta mall outside CNN's offices, TalkBack Live was meant
to evoke the feel of a town hall meeting. The awkward format made it a favorite
target of critics, but it drew solid ratings.

Its final show was Friday, though Neville is expected to stay at CNN.

It will be replaced by an expanded, three-hour edition of Live From, which
currently airs from 1 to 3 p.m. The news show will feature hosts Kyra Phillips
and Miles O'Brien reporting from the scene of the day's big story.

Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band played their first-ever show in Atlantic
City, at Boardwalk Hall, taking the stage Friday night to a recording of the
Miss America theme song and opening with a dramatic rendition of "Atlantic
City."

Later, the Boss performed old favorites "Does This Bus Stop at 82nd Street?" and
"It's Hard to Be a Saint in the City," along with Tom Waits' "Jersey Girl" and
the Beatles' "Tell Me Why" for the capacity crowd of 12,500. He joked that he
was happy to be home in Jersey, where "all the girls are beautiful and all the
men are potential Mafia recruits."

Introducing "Born in the U.S.A.," Springsteen called it "an antiwar song and a
prayer for peace." He dedicated it to "the safety of our sons and daughters and
innocent Iraqi civilians."

A Kentucky congressman has joined the chorus of people calling for CBS to
abandon plans to move a poor, rural family into a Beverly Hills mansion in a
"reality" version of classic sitcom The Beverly Hillbillies.

In a letter to CBS president Leslie Moonves, Rep. Harold Rogers called the
concept an attempt to "earn cheap laughs and big bucks at the expense of rural
Americans."

Decrying the "outdated and erroneous stereotype that Appalachians are lazy,
uneducated, barefooted hicks," the Republican lawmaker said that "CBS should
pull the plug on this poorly conceived show."

At least two other lawmakers whose districts include portions of Appalachia -
Sen. Zell Miller (D., Ga.) and Rep. Ted Strickland (D., Ohio) - also have
criticized the proposed series.

Senegalese singer Youssou N'Dour has canceled a seven-week tour of North America
to protest a possible U.S.-led war on Iraq.

N'Dour, a 43-year-old Muslim, whose collaborations with British singer Peter
Gabriel have earned him a worldwide audience, had planned to embark on a 38-city
tour March 26, but said Friday this would be "inappropriate."

Former Republican presidential candidate Pat Buchananand former California
Democratic party leader Bill Press think Bill Clinton's new gig is undignified.

Or maybe they're just worried about the competition.

In a rare show of agreement, Buchanan and Press, who square off on a midday show
on MSNBC, say Clinton should not join the ranks of politicos-turned-pundits.

That's what the former president will do starting tonight, when he and former
Senate Majority Leader Bob Doledebut their point-counterpoint segment on CBS
News' 60 Minutes.

"I admire them both," Press said on MSNBC. "But I do have a problem with a
former president taking a paid TV gig. I think he should keep himself on a
higher plane."

Buchanan said, "He demeans the presidency; he demeans himself."

Call 215-854-5797 or contact newsmakers@phillynews.com

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2003 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              291 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                             June 27, 2003, Friday

Supreme Court rules out Texas law banning gay sex

BYLINE: Tim Reid in Washington

SECTION: Overseas news; 17

LENGTH: 572 words


The US Supreme Court handed America's gay rights campaigners a major victory and
gave President Bush a political headache yesterday when it struck down a Texas
law that bans gay sex.

By a 6-3 vote the country's highest court ruled that the law, which made it a
crime for people of the same sex to engage in "deviate sexual intercourse", was
an unconstitutional violation of privacy. The ruling, in the most important gay
rights case in a generation, invalidates anti-sodomy laws that exist in 13
states, not just for same-sex couples but for everyone.

Although asked to rule specifically on the Texas statute, the court, in a
separate 5-4 vote, took the rare step of overturning its own 1986 ruling that
upheld a Georgia sodomy law, which declared that homosexuals have no
constitutional right to engage in sodomy in private. Taken together, the rulings
effectively end individual states' ability to interfere in the activities of
consensual adults inside the bedroom.

Ruth Harlow, the lawyer who represented the two men at the heart of the case,
said: "It's an historic day for gay Americans and all Americans who believe in
liberty. This is a major turning point in society's views about gay people."

The case strikes at some of the most elemental instincts with Republicans,
however, and has split the Republican Party between conservatives,Mr Bush's core
electoral base, and moderates, whom he is eager to court.

Its potential to split the party was made clear in April when the third most
senior Republican on Capitol Hill equated homosexuality with incest and bigamy,
remarks which provoked a political storm. Rick Santorum, a Pennsylvania senator,
said in April that if the Supreme Court gave people the right to consensual sex
in their homes, "then you have the right to bigamy, you have the right to
polygamy, you have the right to incest, you have the right to adultery, you have
the right to do anything".

The comments sparked calls for Mr Santorum's resignation and forced a reluctant
Mr Bush, who came to office preaching an inclusive doctrine of "compassionate
conservatism", to defend him. The White House has since largely avoided the
topic. Yesterday Mr Bush refused to be drawn on the decision.

The case involved John Geddes Lawrence and Tyron Garner, and began when a
neighbour rang police to say a man was "going crazy" in Mr Lawrence's Houston
apartment. Officers broke in and found the two men having sex. They were
arrested and charged with violating Texan law.

They pleaded no contest to the misdemeanour charges and were fined $ 200 each.
They then challenged the law's constitutionality. The Texas Court of Appeals
upheld the law, ruling that it "advances a legitimate state interest, namely
preserving public morals".

The anti-sodomy laws on the books of the 13 states are rarely enforced but
underpin other kinds of discrimination, lawyers for the two Texas men had argued
to the court.

Justice Anthony Kennedy, writing for the majority opinion, agreed. The law "
demeans the lives of homosexual persons", he said. The men "are entitled to
respect for their private lives. The state cannot demean their existence or
control their destiny by making their private conduct a crime". The twelve other
states with anti-sodomy laws are: Alabama, Florida, Idaho, Kansas, Louisiana,
Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Utah and
Virginia.


LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2003 Times Newspapers Limited


                              292 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            December 3, 2010 Friday
                                  City Edition

Hate and ridicule

SECTION: OPINION; YOUR VIEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 760 words


Two thousand years ago, the Pharisees were the elite leaders of the Jewish
people. They maintained their high positions by claiming to be intellectually
superior to the common man and by claiming to be interested in the welfare of
the people. Today's Democrat leaders claim to be intellectually superior to the
common man and claim to be interested in the welfare of the people.

Jesus proved himself intellectually superior to the Pharisees and more
interested in the welfare of the people; he proved this by healing the people
and showing them the way to salvation. Ronald Reagan proved himself
intellectually superior to the Democrats and more interested in the welfare of
the people; he proved this by healing the economy and showing the people the way
to prosperity. If the Pharisees were truly interested in the people more than
themselves, they would have been thrilled with Jesus and his results. If the
Democrats were truly interested in the people more than themselves, they would
have been thrilled with Reagan and his results.

The Pharisees saw Jesus as a threat to their own positions, so they hated him
and wanted to be rid of him. The Democrats saw Reagan as a threat to their own
positions, so they hated him and wanted to be rid of him. The Pharisees
ridiculed Jesus and called the healed people gullible. The Democrats ridiculed
Reagan and called the healed people greedy.

The Democrats ridicule Sarah Palin, because they recognize her as another
Reagan.

Mike Jones, Oklahoma City

DON'T BE FOOLED

TSA will be in the headlines again soon. TSA Administrator John Pistole must
make a decision soon on whether to give TSA officers collective bargaining
rights. Soon after, there would be an election within TSA to decide what union
will represent us. About that same time you can bet certain elected officials
will spout rhetoric such as, "The union bosses will start dictating security
policy" and "TSA officers will go on strike for better wages."

Since neither of those things will happen because they both would violate
federal law, I don't know whether to be embarrassed that our elected officials
don't know the laws or insulted that they think the American public is so
ignorant that they can get away with it.

I'm a TSA officer and I can assure you that all we want are the same rights and
protections afforded to nearly all other federal employees. Don't be fooled by
these politicians and their false claims. We're there to keep you safe when you
fly. That will always be our first priority.

Bill Farris, Mustang

AIRPORT SEARCHES ILLEGAL

Jan Osban (Your Views, Nov. 28) needs to reread the Constitution. We have a
constitutional right to be free from unreasonable searches and seizures in the
absence of probable cause or if a warrant hasn't been issued. I've yet to see
any probable cause to search every passenger of a plane or seize their personal
belongings. I've yet to see a warrant issued by a judge in the jurisdiction of
an airport displayed by any agent searching the passengers of a plane. In
addition, TSA agents aren't doctors; thus, the comparison Obsan makes between
TSA personnel and doctors demeans the years of training in human anatomy and
biology that doctors go through to examine you.

TSA agents have no training comparable to that of a doctor. There are reports of
TSA agents unable to identify prosthetics, causing embarrassment to those who
have them. This is something a doctor could do without effort. Finally, Osban
might be comfortable showing off a naked body to strangers, but many people
respect themselves too much to allow for just anyone to view them. Please don't
demean those people!

I refuse to fly until my constitutional rights are back in place and respected
by the federal government.

E. Zachary Knight, Newcastle

NOT PLAYING HARDBALL

On a recent visit to South Korea, President Obama asked for a more favorable
trade agreement between South Korea and the United States. Obama came home
empty-handed, with no improvement on Korea's imports of U.S. products. A large
gap exists between our exports to Korea and our imports from Korea.

Have the South Koreans forgotten the horrendous cost in American blood to gain
their freedom from the north? Have they forgotten what it's cost U.S. taxpayers
to keep our troops in Korea for well over 50 years? Perhaps we should apply a
stiff duty on Korean imports. We might start bringing our troops and hardware
back home.

Maybe we should find a leader who grasps the meaning of hardball instead of
playing yard tennis with badminton paddles.

David Howard, Guthrie



LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sarah Palin

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              293 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                          November 22, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Victims' wrongs;
Phony hate-crime claims demean real victims;

SECTION: B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 550 words


An alleged hate crime against a gay student traumatized Boise State twice this
month, first when the student reported the Nov. 9 attack and again Friday when
he admitted he'd lied about it.

Initially, the student said he'd been struck from behind with an object and then
hit several times in the face by a man using anti-gay expletives, according to
the Arbiter Online, the independent campus newspaper. Also, the student reported
to police that his car was vandalized that morning with the same homophobic
words. The student was transported by ambulance from the campus to a Boise
hospital.

More than a week later, the student told police he used a stick and his own
fists to wound himself. Now, he could face misdemeanor charges for filing a
false report.

During the time between the fraudulent report and the young man's admission,
students and campus organizations sponsored a "No Oppression Tolerated, Not on
Our Campus" rally on Nov. 14. A candlelight vigil was held the following night.
Boise police beefed up patrols on campus and around the city's Greenbelt, where
the attack was reported to have taken place, and investigated the case for a
week.

Supporters were embarrassed by the admission, but some continued to sympathize
with the troubled student. Others worried that the false report would undercut
the push for gay rights in Idaho. Still others, including an occasional
gay-rights backer, demanded that the student be prosecuted for his lie.

Indeed, the student should be prosecuted. He should also be ordered to seek
counseling as part of any sentence should the matter go that far. Rather than
create sympathy for a serious problem, he has fanned cynicism. He has also made
it harder for real victims of hate crimes against gays to report them.

Several errors in judgment surround this case.

First, the gay student lied for an unknown reason and then maintained the lie as
gay and straight students rallied to comfort him and demand change. Some
concluded that Idaho is worse than other states in dealing with antipathy toward
gays because voters approved a constitutional amendment in favor of traditional
marriage two weeks ago. They seized upon this case of faux gay bashing to make
their political point and denigrate a state that has adopted some of the
nation's strongest hate-crime laws. Finally, students, college officials and the
community reacted and rallied before police had a chance to uncover the truth.

In 2004, five women in Coeur d'Alene and Post Falls falsely reported they were
raped or assaulted during a period when Coeur d'Alene police were still
investigating a series of rapes and attempted rapes from the previous year. One
woman told authorities she lied in an attempt to get her boyfriend home from
overseas. Another said she was angry because a friend was late to pick her up
after a college class.

In October 2003, a mixed Boundary County couple and an accomplice faked a hate
crime to try to cover up insurance fraud.

Hate crimes, including the violent hate crime of rape, demean victims and plague
our society. Each should be investigated as serious crimes until proven
otherwise. Defenders of justice can't allow an occasional confused individual to
cause them to drop their guard and succumb to skepticism.

TYPE: Editorial, Commentary, Column: Our View

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              294 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      MARCH 9, 2003 Sunday CITY-D EDITION

CNN's 'TalkBack Live' canceled after long run

BYLINE: Beth Gillin INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 614 words


In an abrupt move, CNN has canceled its long-running afternoon show, TalkBack
Live.

The show, with Arthel Neville as its current host, has been on the air for nine
years and features guests talking, or arguing, about the issues of the day.

Broadcast from the Atlanta mall outside CNN's offices, TalkBack Live was meant
to evoke the feel of a town hall meeting. The awkward format made it a favorite
target of critics, but it drew solid ratings.

Its final show was Friday, though Neville is expected to stay at CNN.

It will be replaced by an expanded, three-hour edition of Live From, which
currently airs from 1 to 3 p.m. The news show will feature hosts Kyra Phillips
and Miles O'Brien reporting from the scene of the day's big story.

The Boss at Boardwalk Hall

Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band played their first-ever show in Atlantic
City, at Boardwalk Hall, taking the stage Friday night to a recording of the
Miss America theme song and opening with a dramatic rendition of "Atlantic
City."

Later, the Boss performed old favorites "Does This Bus Stop at 82nd Street?" and
"It's Hard to Be a Saint in the City," along with Tom Waits' "Jersey Girl" and
the Beatles' "Tell Me Why" for the capacity crowd of 12,500. He joked that he
was happy to be home in Jersey, where "all the girls are beautiful and all the
men are potential Mafia recruits."

Introducing "Born in the U.S.A.," Springsteen called it "an antiwar song and a
prayer for peace." He dedicated it to "the safety of our sons and daughters and
innocent Iraqi civilians."

'Hillbillies' show draws fire

A Kentucky congressman has joined the chorus of people calling for CBS to
abandon plans to move a poor, rural family into a Beverly Hills mansion in a
"reality" version of classic sitcom The Beverly Hillbillies.

In a letter to CBS president Leslie Moonves, Rep. Harold Rogers called the
concept an attempt to "earn cheap laughs and big bucks at the expense of rural
Americans."

Decrying the "outdated and erroneous stereotype that Appalachians are lazy,
uneducated, barefooted hicks," the Republican lawmaker said that "CBS should
pull the plug on this poorly conceived show."

At least two other lawmakers whose districts include portions of Appalachia -
Sen. Zell Miller (D., Ga.) and Rep. Ted Strickland (D., Ohio) - also have
criticized the proposed series.

Singer protests war

Senegalese singer Youssou N'Dour has canceled a seven-week tour of North America
to protest a possible U.S.-led war on Iraq.

N'Dour, a 43-year-old Muslim, whose collaborations with British singer Peter
Gabriel have earned him a worldwide audience, had planned to embark on a 38-city
tour March 26, but said Friday this would be "inappropriate."

Demeaning the presidency?

Former Republican presidential candidate Pat Buchanan and former California
Democratic party leader Bill Press think Bill Clinton's new gig is undignified.

Or maybe they're just worried about the competition.

In a rare show of agreement, Buchanan and Press, who square off on a midday show
on MSNBC, say Clinton should not join the ranks of politicos-turned-pundits.

That's what the former president will do starting tonight, when he and former
Senate Majority Leader Bob Dole debut their point-counterpoint segment on CBS
News' 60 Minutes.

"I admire them both," Press said on MSNBC. "But I do have a problem with a
former president taking a paid TV gig. I think he should keep himself on a
higher plane."

Buchanan said, "He demeans the presidency; he demeans himself."

Call 215-854-5797 or contact newsmakers@phillynews.com.

Inquirer music critic Dan DeLuca and Inquirer wire services contributed to this
report.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Newsmakers

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
MARY GODLESKI, Associated Press
Bruce Springsteen wows 'em in A.C.

                  Copyright 2003 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              295 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education

                             April 25, 2010 Sunday

Studying Suicide From Two Points of View

BYLINE: By Peter Monaghan

SECTION: THE CHRONICLE REVIEW; Opinion & Ideas

LENGTH: 1491  words

ABSTRACT

A psychologist wants to shape data about the phenomenon into a unified theory.
His interest is personal as well as scholarly.

FULL TEXT

For two decades, Thomas Joiner has been trying to grasp and shape a quicksilver
stream of information into a unified theory about suicide, which claims 30,000
Americans annually, and one million people worldwide. Previous investigators
have had, at best, a mixed record of predicting who will commit suicide and how
to prevent such deaths. Joiner, a professor of psychology at Florida State
University and a leading researcher on the topic, believes that he has found the
key-or, rather, three keys.

He develops his ideas in Myths About Suicide (Harvard University Press),
building on his earlier Why People Die by Suicide, published by Harvard in 2005.
In both books, his quest entails more than combating a global health problem;
Joiner also seeks to understand his father's own suicide.

The gist of his theory is simple: Whatever forces influence a person's
determination to die, three core factors fatally combine to generate the
necessary drive. One is what Joiner calls "perceived burdensomeness," the
feeling of having become a burden to loved ones. The second is "failed
belongingness," a profound disconnection, loneliness, and alienation, spiraling
down through depression and further isolation. The last is "learned
fearlessness," a capacity to inflict lethal self-injury, developed through
habituation to the fear and pain that suicide entails. That may involve
self-harm of various kinds, including repeated tentative suicide attempts, and
the kind of exposure to pain and fear that people also might learn through such
experiences as mountain climbing, performing surgery, fighting in wars, or being
afflicted with anorexia.

No mini-theories for him. Joiner aspires to the kind of "universal" (his word)
theory developed by some of the biggest names in the history of
psychology-Erikson, Kohlberg, Piaget. "I invite clinicians and scientists to try
to refute it," he says, "because either they won't, or they will, and we'll
learn something from how they do it."

History suggests there will be disagreement. Although Joiner calls suicide
seriously understudied, the French sociologist Émile Durkheim published Le
suicide in 1897, focusing on social alienation. Among the central tenets of
Freud's theories was the paradoxical death instinct of human beings. The late
Edwin Shneidman established suicide-prevention centers around America in the
late 1950s and 60s, and began to fight the deep stigmatization of self-inflicted
death. He argued that suicide was a complex psychological and sociological
malaise that could include, all at once, rage toward a loved one directed
inward, biochemical imbalances, and much else. For that reason, no
one-size-fits-all treatment could work. Aaron T. Beck, founder and president of
the Philadelphia-based Beck Institute for Cognitive Therapy and Research has
emphasized the pervasive hopelessness in suicide.

Such perspectives echo in Joiner's work. At the Laboratory for the Study of the
Psychology and Neurobiology of Mood Disorders, Suicide, and Related Conditions,
which he directs at Florida State, he pursues his research with the assistance
of about a dozen doctoral students, producing a long stream of scholarly
publications.

That Joiner's cause is personal is no secret. His books discuss the devastating
morning in 1990, during his graduate studies, when his father drove the family
van to a deserted parking lot, slit his wrists, and plunged a knife into his
heart.

Joiner says he was left with the agonizing questions shared by virtually all
people who are close to suicides: Could he have foreseen it? Prevented it? Was
there a suicide note (such notes are found in only a minority of cases) that
might explain it?

Why?

As it happened, Joiner was already studying suicide, along with the causes of
mood disorders. He says he had gravitated to the subject because he was
interested in and concerned for people suffering from those disorders, not for
personal reasons.

In the days that followed his father's death, the news brought out passionately
humane responses in some family members and friends, as well as confused,
less-generous reactions in others. And the shock of the event-including the
clumsy evasiveness of his fellow psychologists-provoked him to intense study of
suicide in its cultural, behavioral, genetic, and other aspects. "But here, too,
my dad's death never left me, for the simple fact that I could evaluate theories
and studies on suicide not only by formal professional and scientific criteria,
but also by whether they fit with what I know about my dad's suicide," Joiner
wrote in his 2005 book.

Responses to that work were mixed. Reviewers praised its ambition. "Joiner is to
be commended for a powerful effort to integrate science and personal tragedy,"
J. Michael Bostwick, a psychiatrist at the Mayo Clinic, wrote in The Boston
Globe. He cited Joiner's emphasis on "belongingness" and "burdensomeness" as
useful to clinicians. But he echoed other experts when he said, "I simply cannot
squeeze all the deaths I've known into his theoretical box." Bostwick also
suggested that Joiner's personal and academic experience gave him a "certain
logical grandiosity."

Asked about the objection that he bullies all factors in suicide into his theory
at the cost of acknowledging the complex, idiosyncratic influences, motivations,
and tendencies of individuals, Joiner responds that many circumstances do cause
suicide. But his theory, he argues, provides intellectual coherence, with
greater explanatory power, by showing how they all coalesce within three key
forces in the mind of the suicidal person.

As its title announces, Myths About Suicide also seeks to debunk the myriad ways
that suicide is stigmatized by ignorance, disgust, contempt, and callousness.

Is suicide cowardly, as commonly held? No, says Joiner, because overriding the
survival instinct requires confronting the fearsome and painful prospect of
death. Is it a moral defect? No, because it occurs in a state far removed from
measured consideration and balance. Is it a young person's disorder? No: In the
United States, for example, the majority of suicides are men over 50, he says.

"We need to get it in our heads that suicide is not easy, painless, cowardly,
selfish, vengeful, self-masterful, nor rash; that it is not caused by breast
augmentation, medicines, 'slow' methods like smoking or anorexia, or as some
psychoanalysts thought, things like masturbation," Joiner writes. Indeed, he
argues that most mental-health professionals are barely less benighted than the
general public about suicide, a function of their own fear, ignorance, and a
failure of training, amounting to what he sees as a failure in their medical
duty to care.

But his own analysis sometimes glosses over painful subjects. While he is
careful to acknowledge that characterizing suicide as selfish stems from "trying
to reason about the suicidal mind from a nonsuicidal place," he devotes little
attention to a related element: suicide's intense focus on the self. Is it
fatally distorted, or appropriate to the intractable agony of a suicidal
person's life? For some critics, Joiner sometimes sees issues so intently
through the lens of his theory that he doesn't deal with such major concerns.

One thing is certain, however: Joiner is optimistic about the treatment of
suicidal tendencies. "Just like with cancer and heart disease, there are
illnesses that are very grave and that are so severe that the road forward is
going to be tough, no matter what," for people who are suffering, he says.
"Nevertheless, even then, with aggressive and proper treatment, those people can
get into a more comfortable place, without having to resort to any sort of
life-or-death decision. I really believe that. That's true even in the face of
some of these mental illnesses, which are just forces of nature, they can be so
grave."

Even in cases of, say, severe schizophrenia, "a well-trained psychologist or
psychiatrist knows precisely what to do. The problem is access, the barriers to
getting people to those high-quality treatments."

A worthy goal, responded some reviewers of Joiner's earlier writing. But, as
John L. Hipple, a counseling psychologist in the College of Music at the
University of North Texas, objected in a journal review, "a fairly big bite to
chew."

Joiner says his personal experience with suicide has not detracted from his
efforts to find answers on a grand scale.

"I think it's because I've taken, at least I've tried to take, great pain and
great care to be very careful with the scholarship and with the science," he
says.

Still, his new book ends with these words: "Suicide runs in my family and it is
a point of honor for me to combat the thing that killed my relatives. Those who
demean suicide decedents demean my dad, and in so doing, demean humanity and
themselves."

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: That Thomas Joiner's cause is personal is no secret. His books discuss
the morning in 1990, during his graduate studies, when his father took his own
life in a deserted parking lot.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2010 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved


                              296 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                              July 2, 2000, Sunday

PINT-SIZED 'PERVERTS' IN THE PLAYGROUND

BYLINE: Andrea Peyser

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 005

LENGTH: 927 words


</qb,12>Skeptics are warning that sexually naive children may suffer from being
identified as potential predators.

A CITY school district is gearing up to combat sexual harassment - not by
teachers, but student-against-student.

We're talking about kids as young as 4.

Schools in Manhattan's Chelsea neighborhood have just adopted strict guidelines
to deal with acts as serious as rape, down to behavior familiar to anyone who's
set foot in a classroom. Like teasing.

Penalties for sexual rule-breaking range from counseling to suspension and legal
prosecution, depending on the severity of the infraction.

It's the first policy of its kind in the city's public schools - elsewhere,
sexual harassment falls under broader disciplinary rules that cover the entire
system. But it's unlikely to be the last.

Already, skeptics are warning that sexually naive children may suffer from being
identified as potential predators.

"Kids who are 6 can molest other kids," counters Dr. Fred Kaeser, director of
health services for District 2 in Chelsea.

"I get two calls about this a week from principals and faculty."

Kaeser is author of the hot-off-the-presses "District Policy on
Student-to-Student Sexual Harassment." It covers the 24,000 kids enrolled in
District 2, from preschool to high school.

Parents in the district will soon receive copies of the five-page plan, which
also will be posted prominently in each school.

In contrast, codes for general discipline are kept on file at schools, and
presented only if a parent asks.

Kaeser said the aim of the new policy isn't to punish, but to educate kids and
faculty about the way sexual harassment hurts and demeans others.

"The real issue is the sexualization of young kids," Kaeser said. "Why are 5-,
6-, 7-year-old kids displaying adult-like sexual behavior?"

True enough. In April, I met a 7-year-old Harlem girl who was forced to perform
oral sex on a 7-year-old boy in a schoolyard. The girl's mother pulled the child
out of school when the administration refused to take action.

Then again, there was the 6-year-old boy in North Carolina who, in 1996, at the
height of harassment hysteria, was segregated from his pals as punishment for
kissing the cheek of a little girl.

Sex crimes such as rape and molestation are spelled out as forbidden in District
2. But other offenses that might get kids into sexual hot water appear
comparatively benign - or perhaps normal. They include:

* Unwanted kissing.

* Sexual ridicule, insults, teasing, jokes or remarks.

* Gestures suggesting sexual acts.

Kaeser said he's aware the new rules might spur a witch hunt for deviants. But
staffers will be trained, he said, to determine whether the misbehavior is
isolated and innocent, or part of a persistent pattern that disrupts learning.

Principals will investigate all complaints in their schools. They must fill out
a form for each reported incident, including such details as the names of
witnesses.

If the harassment is deemed real, the report will be passed on to the district
superintendent. If a student has been wrongly accused, the record will be
preserved in the principal's files.

Both boys and girls can be harassers. Only those with differing sexual
orientations are singled out in the rules for special protection.

"Any language or behavior that demeans or devalues gay, lesbian, bisexual and
transgender youth is wrong and will not be tolerated," the policy states.

Just how these terms should be explained to toddlers is not clear.

It seems such policies were inevitable - for financial as well as sexual
reasons.

District 2's policy was spurred in part by last year's U.S. Supreme Court
decision that a school can be held liable for student sexual misconduct.

The idea of sexual-harassment rules for tots concerns experts - on the right and
left of the political spectrum.

"With kindergartners, first- and second-graders, it makes no sense to talk about
what they do as 'sexual harassment,' " said Christina Hoff Sommers, a fellow at
the conservative American Enterprise Institute.

"Kids do a lot of testing. To make kids hysterical and rush to tittle-tattle on
one another for telling off-color jokes is wrong," said Sommers, whose new book:
"The War Against Boys: How Misguided Feminism is Harming Our Young Men" (Simon
and Schuster) tackles the kid-harassment question.

"I prefer a code of ethics to a sexual-harassment code."

Nan Stein directed a sexual-harassment-in-schools project for the Wellesley
College Center for Research on Women - and is Sommers' ideological foe. Yet on
this one, the two sound strikingly alike.

"With little kids, I would hope this is all part and parcel of a larger code of
responsibilities - do your homework, keep your hands off other kids," said
Stein.

"When you give kids permission, they start calling in complaints. It's a witch
hunt," said Stein, author of "Classrooms and Courtrooms: Facing Sexual
Harassment in K-12 Schools" (Teachers College Press.)

"I'm not in favor of using the term 'sexual harassment' for the little ones,"
said Stein.

So how do you deal with a 7-year-old sodomite? Or a 9-year-old who's gang-raped
by sixth-graders, as happened in Harlem?

Until someone finds a better solution, it seems we're going to have to treat
tiny school kids as budding sexual predators.


LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NAUGHTY? Age-old childhood behaviors such as teasing and unwanted
kissing can now be construed - and investigated - as full-blown sexual
harassment at District 2 schools in Manhattan. AP

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              297 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                    The Sun

                                February 4, 2005

TAKING CASH FROM KIDS WITH CANCER IS AS LOW AS IT GETS

BYLINE: Richard Littlejohn

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 795 words


THIS week's edition of Nice Work comes from Australia, where the Wicked Witch is
being paid over Pounds 100,000 to speak for charity.

She flies out on Monday for a series of dinners aimed at raising money to fight
cancer in children.

But while the Children's Cancer Institute of Australia is guaranteed only Pounds
99,900, the WW stands to collect Pounds 102,600 for her trouble.

She's being billed as "the most powerful woman in Britain" - which sounds about
right - and will also be plugging her book The Goldfish Bowl: Married To The
Prime Minister, which is already destined for the bargain bucket in Oxfam.

Mug punters are being asked to fork out more than Pounds 4,000 for a table. That
guarantees them pre-dinner cocktails and a Polaroid for the mantelpiece.

Roll up, roll up for a Wicked Lady with the Wicked Witch.

Although she insists on using her maiden name of Booth in her professional
capacity, on the trip Down Under she's listed as: Cherie Blair, wife of the
British Prime Minister.

The organisers won't discuss her fee for "contractual reasons" - which means
it's true.

Downing Street says it's a "private matter" - which is what they always say when
one of them is caught bang to rights.

The Pounds 102,600 is revealed in a draft budget which has been prepared for the
charity. Doesn't sound like a guess to me.

This Australian jaunt follows a recent lecture tour in the USA, which netted her
Pounds 30,000 from a crowd of insurance salesmen.

If private individuals want to pay through the nose to listen to a few
self-aggrandising platitudes from the WW, that's entirely a matter for them.

I've been on the end of her wit and wisdom and believe me, it's not worth 30p -
let alone 30 grand.

You might think it's bad enough that the wife of the Prime Minister is cashing
in on the gullibility of American businessmen.

But taking Pounds 100,000 from a charity is despicable.

The whole point of working for charity is that you give your services free,
gratis and for nothing.

Some celebs may expect a cab to

and from the event or their overnight hotel bill to be picked up. But that's
about it.

I know quite a few high-profile individuals who work tirelessly for charity and
wouldn't dream of asking for a penny.

So what are we to make of the Prime Minister's wife filling her boots at the
expense of a children's cancer charity?

We're not talking Mother Teresa here, are we?

For a start, it's a disgraceful abuse of her position. And when it's abroad, she
doesn't only demean herself, she demeans us all.

This should do wonders for our image Down Under, as if the Aussies haven't got a
low enough opinion of us already.

The last time the WW was there, she staged a Supermarket Sweep-style raid on a
clothing shop after being invited to pick a couple of free gifts to take home.

She emerged with 68 - SIXTY EIGHT - items including jumpers, tops, underwear,
pyjamas, jackets, jeans, belts, bags, even an alarm clock. Total value: Pounds
2,000.

Eventually, she was shamed into paying for it all, but not before the damage was
done.

Well, I say "shamed". The WW is utterly shameless when it comes to getting her
snout in the trough.

Ever since she moved in to Downing Street in 1997, she's been using it as a meal
ticket. Free holidays, free frocks, designer discounts - you name it, she
expects a deal on it.

Can you imagine Norma Major, Denis Thatcher or Audrey Callaghan behaving in such
a brazen, money-

grubbing fashion?

Of course not.

And imagine the outcry if this had been a Conservative Prime Minister's wife.

Yet there hasn't been a peep from Labour's backbenches or any of Blair's
celebrity supporters.

If this was Princess Pushy or Fergie, they'd be screaming blue murder.

And rightly so. But the Wicked Witch can cruise the world with impunity,
hoovering up freebies, gobbling up speaking fees and exploiting her husband's
position.

Taking money from children with cancer is about as low as it gets. How many
treatments would that Pounds 102,600 have paid for? How much research?

More to the point, the Prime Minister must have known about this.

One hundred grand isn't pin money. I'm assuming the Blairs have a joint account.

Even if they don't, this money adds to their overall wealth. So he benefits,
too.

Blair should be forced to explain to Parliament and to the electorate why he
thinks his bank balance should profit from a foreign children's cancer charity.

This isn't a private matter. The Wicked Witch is trading as Mrs Cherie Blair,
wife of the Prime Minister.

She's not only acting in his name - she's acting in our name. And it stinks.

Makes you proud to be British, doesn't it?

Vote Labour!


LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2005 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD


                              298 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                   January 27, 1995 Friday NEW JERSEY EDITION

LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, IT'S THE SHOCK JOCK PIT STOP. HOWARD STERN FINDS HIS PLACE
IN POSTERITY

BYLINE: Mark Davis, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER, Inquirer Staff Writer Anthony Gnoffo
contributed to this story.

SECTION: LOCAL SOUTH JERSEY; Pg. S01

LENGTH: 707 words

DATELINE: SPRINGFIELD TOWNSHIP


There's a new name joining the list of New Jersey immortals whose names grace
rest stops - people such as Presidents Wilson and Cleveland, the poet
Walt Whitman and bright-as-a-lightbulb inventor Thomas Edison.

Fellows, make way for Howard Stern, and thank Gov. Whitman for the decision.

Yes, the same governor who rebutted President Clinton on national television
earlier this week, the state executive who announced sweeping tax cuts, the
politico who's been mentioned as vice presidential material, paid off a little
political debt yesterday.

She made a quick stop at the New York broadcast booth where Stern dishes out
simulcast body jokes and insults every morning to 18 stations nationwide. In her
hand was a rendition of a plaque that will be erected on a rest stop on
Interstate 295 in Burlington County.

The Butt-Bongo bad boy of broadcast, the WXRK shock jock who routinely hosted
Whitman when she was running for governor, will be immortalized in concrete and
aluminum at the southbound stop 2 miles east of Burlington City.

The plaque and monument will be paid for with Republican State Committee
funds, the governor's spokespeople were quick to add. There's not a cent of
taxpayer money involved.

Howard Stern Rest Stop, the plaque will read. Below that will be a line drawing
featuring a grinning Stern, sticking his head out of an outhouse. It should be
in place within the next couple of months.

"I've always dreamed of that," a delighted Stern said on the air yesterday
morning, moments after Whitman made a surprise visit to his studios a few
minutes past 7 a.m. ". . . A rest stop, where people could relieve themselves
while they read my name."

The honor puts Stern, who is not even a native New Jerseyan, in fine company.
The New Jersey Turnpike has 12 rest stops commemorating presidents, poets and
Vince Lombardi. He offers the Garden State Parkway no competition since its nine
rest stops are named after geographic locations.

Stern openly campaigned for Whitman in '93 when she was in a gubernatorial fight
against incumbent Jim Florio. In the heat of the election, as polling day drew
near, Stern wished out loud for some sort of payback for granting Whitman air
time on his nationally syndicated show. Something subtle, something discreet,
something tasteful. Something . . .

. . . Something like a sign outside a row of urinals.

"Wow! Oh wow!" Stern crowed when he saw a caricature of his mug peeping out of
an outhouse. "This is very Jersey!"

It's a promise kept, a somewhat defensive Whitman said at a news conference
yesterday afternoon.

"I said we would do it and we would put up a plaque . . .," she said. "I really
don't think it is a major issue in the state of New Jersey."

It's a major issue with the National Organization for Women in New Jersey.

"The state has pledged allegiance to the values of tolerance, respect and
diversity," said NOW-NJ president Myra Terry. "It is inappropriate and
counterproductive to glorify or pay tribute to someone who berates and demeans
individuals on the basis of their gender, race, religion, national origin, age,
disability or sexual orientation."

It was also a big deal for the Democrats, who promptly got their fax machines
whirring with a top 10 list of other names for other state attractions.

"In light of Gov. Whitman's decision to name an I-295 toilet facility after New
York radio personality Howard Stern, the Assembly Democratic Office hereby makes
an equal time for New Jersey radio personalities," a Democrat- produced news
release read.

Some of suggestions: The Bob Williams (of "Shadow Traffic" fame) Salt Depot on
Route 287; Bob Grant Double-Trouble State Park in Ocean County, and the "Big
Jay" Sorensen (an FM 101.5 talker) Memorial at High Point State Park.

The Governor's reaction? She seemed stunned by the whole thing, and maybe a
shade testy.

"I am not giving Howard Stern my imprimatur," she said. "I am keeping a campaign
pledge which, as I said before, I have had a habit of doing."

Stern, on the other hand, gave Whitman his imprimatur. "Boy, are you going to be
some president!" he said, admiring the plaque Whitman presented.

Maybe so. And maybe there'll be a seat for Stern in the cabinet.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO AND MAP;

PHOTO (2)
1. Gov. Whitman is having this Interstate 295 rest stop in Burlington County
renamed for Stern as a tongue-in-cheek payback for his political support. The
state NOW, though, criticized her for honoring "someone who berates and
demeans individuals." (For The Inquirer, MICHAEL PLUNKETT)
2. This is very Jersey!" Stern said of the rest stop plaque.
MAP (1)
1. Howard Stern Rest Stop (The Philadelphia Inquirer)

                  Copyright 1995 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              299 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           January 12, 2017 Thursday
                         The New York Times on the Web

Donald Trump's News Conference: Full Transcript and Video

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Washington; Pg.

LENGTH: 10142 words


The following is a complete transcript of a news conference that President-elect
Donald J. Trump held in New York on Wednesday, as prepared by the Federal News
Service.

For updates and analysis of the conference, follow our transition briefing.

SEAN SPICER: Morning. Thanks for being here (inaudible) days away from the
inauguration of the next president and vice president of the United States. It's
an opportunity to be here today to allow the president-elect to take your
questions.

After the president-elect makes some remarks, he will introduce Ms. Sheri
Dillon, a prominent attorney in Washington, D.C., with the prestigious firm of
Morgan Lewis who will -- who structured the agreements pursuant to the
president's business arrangements and she will give brief remarks.

Before we start, I want to bring your attention to a few points on the report
that was published in BuzzFeed last night. It's frankly outrageous and highly
irresponsible for a left-wing blog that was openly hostile to the
president-elect's campaign to drop highly salacious and flat-out false
information on the internet just days before he takes the oath of office.

According to BuzzFeed's own editor, there are some serious reasons to doubt the
allegations in the report. The executive editor of The New York Times also
dismissed the report by saying it was, quote, ''Totally unsubstantiated, echoing
the concerns that many other reporters expressed on the internet.''

SPICER: The fact that BuzzFeed and CNN made the decision to run with this
unsubstantiated claim is a sad and pathetic attempt to get clicks. The report is
not an intelligence report, plain and simple. One issue that the report talked
about was the relationship of three individuals associated with the campaign.
These three individuals; Paul Manafort, Michael Cohen and Carter Page.

Carter Page is an individual who the president-elect does not know and was put
on notice months ago by the campaign. Paul Manafort has adamantly denied any of
this involvement and Michael Cohen, who is said to have visited Prague in August
and September did not leave or enter the United States during this time. We
asked him to produce his passport to confirm his whereabouts on the dates in
question and there was no doubt that he was not in Prague.

In fact, Mr. Cohen has never been in Prague. A new report actually suggests that
Michael Cohen was at -- at the University of Southern California with his son at
a baseball game. One report now suggested apparently it's another Michael Cohen.
For all the talk lately about fake news, this political witch hunt by some in
the media is based on some of the most flimsy reporting and is frankly shameful
and disgraceful.

With that, it is my honor to introduce the next vice president of the United
States, Mike Pence.

(APPLAUSE)

PENCE: We are nine days away from the inauguration of the 45th president of the
United States of America.

(APPLAUSE)

I am profoundly honored and humbled that I will take the oath of office to serve
as vice president of the United States nine days from today, but I'm even more
honored to stand shoulder to shoulder with a new president who will make America
great again.

(APPLAUSE)

Now, the president-elect's leadership and his energy during the campaign was
impressive. But as the chairman of the transition effort, I can assure the
American people that his energy and his vision during the course of this
transition has been even more inspiring. To see the way he has brought together
men and women of extraordinary capability at a historic pace in this cabinet.

Nineteen of the 21 cabinet officials have been announced, nine committee
hearings already scheduled, seven more soon to go on the books in the next
several days and it is a -- it is a compilation of men and women with an
unprecedented caliber of leadership and background to help this administration
move our nation forward. Perhaps that's why there's been such a concerted effort
by some in the mainstream media to delegitimize this election and to demean our
incoming administration.

You know, I have long been a supporter of a free and independent press and I
always will be. But with freedom comes responsibility. And the irresponsible
decision of a few news organizations to run with a false and unsubstantiated
report, when most news organizations resisted the temptation to propagate this
fake news, can only be attributed to media bias and attempt to demean the
president-elect and our incoming administration and the American people are sick
and tired of it.

(APPLAUSE)

But today, we'll get back to real news, to real facts and the real progress our
incoming president has already made in reviving the American economy and
assembling a team that will make America great again. And we'll hear from the
president-elect about issues that are of paramount importance to the American
people today.

So, it is my honor to introduce to all of you, my friend and the president-elect
of the United States of America, Donald Trump.

(APPLAUSE)

TRUMP: Thank you very much.

It's very familiar territory, news conferences, because we used to give them on
an almost daily basis. I think we probably maybe won the nomination because of
news conferences and it's good to be with you.

TRUMP: We stopped giving them because we were getting quite a bit of inaccurate
news, but I do have to say that -- and I must say that I want to thank a lot of
the news organizations here today because they looked at that nonsense that was
released by maybe the intelligence agencies? Who knows, but maybe the
intelligence agencies which would be a tremendous blot on their record if they
in fact did that. A tremendous blot, because a thing like that should have never
been written, it should never have been had and it should certainly never been
released.

But I want to thank a lot of the news organizations for some of whom have not
treated me very well over the years -- a couple in particular -- and they came
out so strongly against that fake news and the fact that it was written about by
primarily one group and one television station.

So, I just want to compliment many of the people in the room. I have great
respect for the news and great respect for freedom of the press and all of that.
But I will tell you, there were some news organizations with all that was just
said that were so professional -- so incredibly professional, that I've just
gone up a notch as to what I think of you. OK?

All right. We've had some great news over the last couple of weeks. I've been
quite active, I guess you could say, in an economic way for the country. A lot
of car companies are going to be moving in, we have other companies -- big news
is going to be announced over the next couple of weeks about companies that are
getting building in the Midwest.

You saw yesterday Fiat Chrysler; big, big factory going to be built in this
country as opposed to another country. Ford just announced that they stopped
plans for a billion dollar plant in Mexico and they're going to be moving into
Michigan and expanding, very substantially, an existing plant.

I appreciate that from Ford. I appreciate it very much from Fiat Chrysler. I
hope that General Motors will be following and I think they will be. I think a
lot of people will be following. I think a lot of industries are going to be
coming back.

We've got to get our drug industry back. Our drug industry has been disastrous.
They're leaving left and right. They supply our drugs, but they don't make them
here, to a large extent. And the other thing we have to do is create new bidding
procedures for the drug industry because they're getting away with murder.

Pharma, pharma has a lot of lobbies and a lot of lobbyists and a lot of power
and there's very little bidding on drugs. We're the largest buyer of drugs in
the world and yet we don't bid properly and we're going to start bidding and
we're going to save billions of dollars over a period of time.

And we're going to do that with a lot of other industries. I'm very much
involved with the generals and admirals on the airplane, the F-35, you've been
reading about it. And it's way, way behind schedule and many, many billions of
dollars over budget. I don't like that. And the admirals have been fantastic,
the generals have been fantastic. I've really gotten to know them well. And
we're going to do some big things on the F-35 program, and perhaps the F-18
program. And we're going to get those costs way down and we're going to get the
plane to be even better. And we're going to have some competition and it's going
to be a beautiful thing.

So, we've been very, very much involved, and other things. We had Jack Ma, we
had so many incredible people coming here. There are no -- they're going to do
tremendous things -- tremendous things in this country. And they're very
excited.

And I will say, if the election didn't turn out the way it turned out, they
would not be here. They would not be in my office. They would not be in anybody
else's office. They'd be building and doing things in other countries. So,
there's a great spirit going on right now. A spirit that many people have told
me they've never seen before, ever.

We're going to create jobs. I said that I will be the greatest jobs producer
that God ever created. And I mean that, I really -- I'm going to work very hard
on that. We need certain amounts of other things, including a little bit of
luck, but I think we're going to do a real job. And I'm very proud of what we've
done.

And we haven't even gotten there yet. I look very much forward to the
inauguration. It's going to be a beautiful event. We have great talent,
tremendous talent. And we have the -- all of the bands -- or most of the bands
are from the different -- from the different segments of the military. And I've
heard some of these bands over the years, they're incredible.

We're going to have a very, very elegant day. The 20th is going to be something
that will be very, very special; very beautiful. And I think we're going to have
massive crowds because we have a movement.

TRUMP: It's a movement like the world has never seen before. It's a movement
that a lot of people didn't expect. And even the polls -- although some of them
did get it right, but many of them didn't. And that was a beautiful scene on
November 8th as those states started to pour in.

And we focused very hard in those states and they really reciprocated. And those
states are gonna have a lot of jobs and they're gonna have a lot of security.
They're going to have a lot of good news for their veterans.

And by the way, speaking of veterans, I appointed today the head secretary of
the Veterans Administration, David Shulkin. And we'll do a news release in a
little while. Tell you about David, he's fantastic -- he's fantastic. He will do
a truly great job.

One of the commitments I made is that we're gonna straighten out the whole
situation for our veterans. Our veterans have been treated horribly. They're
waiting in line for 15, 16, 17 days, cases where they go in and they have a
minor early-stage form of cancer and they can't see a doctor. By the time they
get to the doctor, they're terminal. Not gonna happen, it's not gonna happen.

So, David is going to do a fantastic job. We're going to be talking to a few
people also to help David. And we have some of the great hospitals of the world
going to align themselves with us on the Veterans Administration, like the
Cleveland Clinic, like the Mayo Clinic, a few more than we have. And we're gonna
set up a -- a group.

These are hospitals that have been the top of the line, the absolute top of the
line. And they're going to get together with their great doctors -- Dr. Toby
Cosgrove, as you know from the Cleveland Clinic, has been very involved.

Ike Perlmutter has been very, very involved, one of the great men of business.
And we're gonna straighten out the V.A. for our veterans. I've been promising
that for a long time and it's something I feel very, very strongly.

So, you'll get the information on David. And I think you'll be very impressed
with the job he does. We looked long and hard. We interviewed at least 100
people, some good, some not so good. But we had a lot of talent. And we think
this election will be something that will, with time -- with time, straighten it
out and straighten it out for good 'cause our veterans have been treated very
unfairly.

OK, questions? Yes, John (ph)?

QUESTION: (Inaudible) so much.

TRUMP: Thank you.

QUESTION: Appreciate it.

A couple of aspects of the intelligence briefing that you received on Friday
that we're looking for further clarification on.

TRUMP: Sure.

QUESTION: First of all, did the heads of the intelligence agencies provide you
with the two-page summary of these unsubstantiated allegations? And secondly to
that, on the broader picture, do you accept their opinion that Vladimir Putin
ordered the hack of the DNC and the attempted hack of the RNC?

And if you do, how will that color your attempts to build a relationship with a
leader who has been accused of committing an act of espionage against the United
States?

TRUMP: OK, first of all, these readings as you know are confidential,
classified. So, I'm not allowed to talk about what went on in a meeting.

And -- but we had many witnesses in that meeting, many of them with us. And I
will say, again, I think it's a disgrace that information would be let out.

I saw the information; I read the information outside of that meeting. It's all
fake news. It's phony stuff. It didn't happen. And it was gotten by opponents of
ours, as you know, because you reported it and so did many of the other people.
It was a group of opponents that got together -- sick people -- and they put
that crap together.

So, I will tell you that not within the meeting, but outside of the meeting,
somebody released it. It should have never been -- number one, shouldn't have
even entered paper. But it should have never have been released. But I read what
was released and I think it's a disgrace. I think it's an absolute disgrace.

As far as hacking, I think it was Russia. But I think we also get hacked by
other countries and other people. And I -- I can say that you know when -- when
we lost 22 million names and everything else that was hacked recently, they
didn't make a big deal out of that. That was something that was extraordinary.
That was probably China.

We had -- we had much hacking going on. And one of the things we're gonna do, we
have some of the greatest computer minds anywhere in the world that we've
assembled. You saw just a sample of it two weeks ago up here where we had the
six top people in the world -- they were never in the same room together as a
group. And we're gonna put those minds together and we're going to form a
defense.

TRUMP: And I have to say this also, the Democratic National Committee was
totally open to be hacked. They did a very poor job. They could've had hacking
defense, which we had.

And I will give Reince Priebus credit, because when Reince saw what was
happening in the world and with this country, he went out and went to various
firms and ordered a very, very strong hacking defense.

And they tried to hack the Republican National Committee and they were unable to
break through.

We have to do that for our country. It's very important.

(CROSSTALK)

QUESTION: ... just to the last part of that question (inaudible) how could all
of this potentially color your attempts to build a better relationship with
President Putin?

TRUMP: Well, you know, President Putin and Russia put out a statement today that
this fake news was indeed fake news. They said it totally never happened.

Now, somebody would say, ''Oh, of course he's gonna say that.''

I respected the fact that he said that.

And I -- I'll be honest, I think if he did have something, they would've
released it; they would've been glad to release it.

I think, frankly, had they broken into the Republican National Committee, I
think they would've released it just like they did about Hillary and all of the
horrible things that her people, like Mr. Podesta, said about her. I mean what
he said about her was horrible.

If somebody said about me, what Podesta said about Hillary, I was the boss, I
would've fired him immediately or that person. Because what he said about her
was horrible.

But remember this: We talk about the hacking and hacking's bad and it shouldn't
be done. But look at the things that were hacked, look at what was learned from
that hacking.

That Hillary Clinton got the questions to the debate and didn't report it?
That's a horrible thing. That's a horrible thing.

Can you imagine that if Donald Trump got the questions to the debate -- it
would've been the biggest story in the history of stories. And they would've
said immediately, ''You have to get out of the race.'' Nobody even talked about
it. It's a very terrible thing.

Yeah?

QUESTION: Can I ask you a question, sir?

(CROSSTALK)

QUESTION: Thank you, Mr. President-elect.

On that intelligence report, the second part of their conclusion was that
Vladimir Putin ordered it because he aspired to help you in the election.

Do you accept that part of the finding? And will you undo what President Obama
did to punish the Russians for this or will you keep it in place?

TRUMP: Well, if -- if Putin likes Donald Trump, I consider that an asset, not a
liability, because we have a horrible relationship with Russia. Russia can help
us fight ISIS, which, by the way, is, number one, tricky. I mean if you look,
this administration created ISIS by leaving at the wrong time. The void was
created, ISIS was formed.

If Putin likes Donald Trump, guess what, folks? That's called an asset, not a
liability.

Now, I don't know that I'm gonna get along with Vladimir Putin. I hope I do. But
there's a good chance I won't. And if I don't, do you honestly believe that
Hillary would be tougher on Putin than me? Does anybody in this room really
believe that? Give me a break.

OK?

(CROSSTALK)

QUESTION: ... President Obama...

(CROSSTALK)

QUESTION: ... make clear whether during your visits to either Moscow or St.
Petersburg, you engaged in conduct that you now regret and that a reasonable...

(CROSSTALK)

QUESTION: Would a reasonable observer say that you are potentially vulnerable to
blackmail by Russia or by its intelligence agencies?

TRUMP: Lemme just tell you what I do.

When I leave our country, I'm a very high-profile person, would you say?

I am extremely careful. I'm surrounded by bodyguards. I'm surrounded by people.

And I always tell them -- anywhere, but I always tell them if I'm leaving this
country, ''Be very careful, because in your hotel rooms and no matter where you
go, you're gonna probably have cameras.'' I'm not referring just to Russia, but
I would certainly put them in that category.

And number one, ''I hope you're gonna be good anyway. But in those rooms, you
have cameras in the strangest places. Cameras that are so small with modern
technology, you can't see them and you won't know. You better be careful, or
you'll be watching yourself on nightly television.''

I tell this to people all the time.

I was in Russia years ago, with the Miss Universe contest, which did very well
-- Moscow, the Moscow area did very, very well.

And I told many people, ''Be careful, because you don't wanna see yourself on
television. Cameras all over the place.''

And again, not just Russia, all over.

Does anyone really believe that story?

I'm also very much of a germaphobe, by the way, believe me.

(LAUGHTER)

(CROSSTALK)

QUESTION: ... how you plan to disentangle yourself from your business. But
first, I have to follow-up on some of these Russian remarks.

Based on your comments here today, do you believe the hacking was justified?
Does Russia have any leverage over you, financial or otherwise? And if not, will
you release your tax returns to prove it?

TRUMP: So I tweeted out that I have no dealings with Russia. I have no deals
that could happen in Russia, because we've stayed away. And I have no loans with
Russia.

As a real estate developer, I have very, very little debt. I have assets that
are -- and now people have found out how big the company is, I have very little
debt -- I have very low debt. But I have no loans with Russia at all.

And I thought that was important to put out. I certified that. So I have no
deals, I have no loans and I have no dealings. We could make deals in Russia
very easily if we wanted to, I just don't want to because I think that would be
a conflict. So I have no loans, no dealings, and no current pending deals.

Now, I have to say one other thing. Over the weekend, I was offered $2 billion
to do a deal in Dubai with a very, very, very amazing man, a great, great
developer from the Middle East, Hussein Damack, a friend of mine, great guy. And
I was offered $2 billion to do a deal in Dubai -- a number of deals and I turned
it down.

I didn't have to turn it down, because as you know, I have a no-conflict
situation because I'm president, which is -- I didn't know about that until
about three months ago, but it's a nice thing to have. But I don't want to take
advantage of something. I have something that others don't have, Vice President
Pence also has it. I don't think he'll need it, I have a feeling he's not going
to need it.

But I have a no conflict of interest provision as president. It was many, many
years old, this is for presidents. Because they don't want presidents getting --
I understand they don't want presidents getting tangled up in minutia; they want
a president to run the country. So I could actually run my business, I could
actually run my business and run government at the same time.

I don't like the way that looks, but I would be able to do that if I wanted to.
I would be the only one to be able to do that. You can't do that in any other
capacity. But as president, I could run the Trump organization, great, great
company, and I could run the company -- the country. I'd do a very good job, but
I don't want to do that.

Now, all of these papers that you see here -- yes, go ahead.

QUESTION: (inaudible) do you believe the hacking was justified? And will you
release your tax returns to prove what you're saying about no deals in Russia?

TRUMP: I'm not releasing the tax returns because as you know, they're under
audit.

(CROSSTALK)

QUESTION: ... since the '70's has had a required audit from the IRS, the last
place to release them, but as president sir...

TRUMP: You know, the only one that cares about my tax returns are the reporters,
OK? They're the only who ask.

QUESTION: You don't think the American public is concerned about it?

TRUMP: No I don't think so. I won, when I became president. No, I don't think
they care at all. I don't think they care at all.

(APPLAUSE)

TRUMP: I think you care -- I think you care. First of all, you learn very little
to a tax return. What you should go down to federal elections and take a look at
the numbers. And actually, people have learned a lot about my company and now
they realize, my company is much bigger, much more powerful than they ever
thought. We're in many, many countries, and I'm very proud of it.

And what I'm going to be doing is my two sons, who are right here, Don and Eric,
are going to be running the company. They are going to be running it in a very
professional manner. They're not going to discuss it with me. Again, I don't
have to do this. They're not going to discuss it with me. And with that, I'm
going to bring up Sheri Dillon, and she's going to go -- these papers are just
some of the many documents that I've signed turning over complete and total
control to my sons.

(CROSSTALK)

DILLON: Good morning. It's my honor and privilege to be here today at
President-elect Trump's request.

He's asked me, as you just heard, to speak about the conflicts of interest and
the steps he's taking. As you know, the business empire built by President-elect
Trump over the years is massive, not dissimilar to the fortunes of Nelson
Rockefeller when he became vice president. But at that time, no one was so
concerned.

President-elect Trump wants the American public to rest assured that all of his
efforts are directed to pursuing the people's business and not his own. To that
end, as he explained a few moments ago, he directed me and my colleagues at the
law firm Morgan Lewis and Bockius to design a structure for his business empire
that will completely isolate him from the management of the company.

He further instructed that we build in protections that will assure the American
people the decisions he makes and the actions that he takes as president are for
their benefit and not to support his financial interests.

DILLON: As he said, he's voluntarily taking this on. The conflicts of interest
laws simply do not apply to the president or the vice president and they are not
required to separate themselves from their financial assets. The primary
conflicts of interest statutes and some have questioned it, is Section 18 USC
208 and it's simply inapplicable by its terms. And this is not just our
interpretation. It's Congress itself who have made this clear in 1989 when it
amended Section 18 USC 202 to state that, except as otherwise provided, the
terms office and employee in section 208 shall not include the president.

Even so, President-elect Trump wants there to be no doubt in the minds of the
American public that he is completely isolating himself from his business
interests. He instructed us to take all steps realistically possible to make it
clear that he is not exploiting the office of the presidency for his personal
benefit. He also sought the guidance of individuals who are familiar with and
have worked extensively in the fields of government ethics and constitutional
law.

Critical to the Morgan Lewis team is Fred Fielding, standing here to our side
and with us today and many of you have known him. He has served several
presidents over the years including serving as counsel to Presidents Ronald
Reagan and George W. Bush as well as serving on President George H.W. Bush's
Commission on Federal Ethics Law Reform and he also held the position of vice
chair of the Ethics Resource Center.

Mr. Fielding has been extensively involved with and approved this plan. He's
here today to support the plan and he will continue to provide guidance as the
plan is implemented and as Eric, Don, along with others, take over management of
the Trump organization.

I'm gonna detail some of the extraordinary steps now that the president-elect is
taking. First, President-elect Trump's investments and business assets commonly
known as the -- as the Trump Organization, comprising hundreds of entities
which, again, if you all go and take a look at his financial disclosure
statement, the pages and pages and pages of entities have all been or will be
conveyed to a trust prior to January 20th. Here is just some of the paperwork
that's taking care of those actions.

Second, through the trust agreement, he has relinquished leadership and
management of the Trump Organization to his sons Don and Eric and a longtime
Trump executive, Allen Weisselberg. Together, Don, Eric and Allen will have the
authority to manage the Trump Organization and will make decisions for the
duration of the presidency without any involvement whatsoever by President-elect
Trump.

Further, at the president-elect's direction, the trust agreement provides --
that to ensure the Trump Organization continues to operate in accordance with
the highest and legal ethics standards, an ethics adviser will be appointed to
the management team. The written approval of the ethics adviser will be required
for new deals, actions, and transactions that could potentially raise ethics or
conflicts of interest concerns.

President-elect Trump as well as Don, Eric and Allen are committed to ensuring
that the activities of the Trump organization are beyond reproach and cannot be
perceived to be exploitive of the office of the presidency. President-elect
Trump will resign from all officer and other positions he holds with the Trump
Organization entities.

Further, in addition, his daughter Ivanka will have no further involvement with
or management authority whatsoever with the Trump Organization. As she and Jared
move their family to D.C., Ivanka will focused on settling her children into
their new homes and their new schools.

The president-elect has also already disposed of all of his investments in
publicly traded or easily liquidated investments. As a result, the trust will
have two types of assets; first, it will hold liquid assets. Cash, cash
equivalents and treasuries and perhaps some positions in a government approved
diversified portfolio, one that is consistent with the regulations from the
Office of Government Ethics.

Second, the trust is going to hold his preexisting illiquid, but very valuable
business assets, the ones that everyone here is familiar with. Trump owned,
operated and branded golf clubs, commercial rental property, resorts, hotels,
rights to royalties from preexisting licenses of Trump-Marks Productions and
Goods. Things like Trump Tower, Mar-a-Lago, all of his other business assets, 40
Wall Street will all be in the trust.

Through instructions in the trust agreement, President-elect trust --
President-elect Trump first ordered that all pending deals be terminated. This
impacted more than 30 deals, many of which were set to close by the end of 2016.
As you can well imagine, that caused an immediate financial loss of millions of
dollars, not just for President-elect Trump, but also for Don, Ivanka and Eric.

DILLON: The trust agreement as directed by President Trump imposes severe
restrictions on new deals. No new foreign deals will be made whatsoever during
the duration of President Trump's presidency. New domestic deals will be
allowed, but they will go through a vigorous vetting process.

The president-elect will have no role in deciding whether the Trump Organization
engages in any new deal and he will only know of a deal if he reads it in the
paper or sees it on TV. Because any new deal could -- and I emphasize could --
be perceived as causing a conflict or as exploiting the office of the
presidency, new deals must be vetted with the ethics adviser, whose role will be
to analyze any potential transactions for conflicts and ethics issues.

The ethics adviser will be a recognized expert in the field of government
experts. Again, his role will be to scrutinize the new deals and the actions,
and any new deal must receive written approval.

To further reinforce the wall that we are building between President-elect Trump
and the Trump Organization, President-elect Trump has ordered, through his trust
agreement, to sharply limit his information rights. Reports will only be
available and reflect profit and loss on the company as a whole. There will be
no separate business by business accounting.

Another step that President-elect Trump has taken is he created a new position
at the Trump Organization; the position of chief compliance counsel, whose
responsibility will be to ensure that the Trump businesses, again, are operating
at the highest levels of integrity and not taking any actions that could be
perceived as exploiting the office of the presidency.

He has also directed that no communications of the Trump Organization, including
social media accounts, will reference or be tied to President-elect Trump's role
as president of the United States or the office of the presidency.

In sum, all of these actions -- complete relinquishment of management, no
foreign deals, ethics adviser approval of deals, sharply limited information
rights -- will sever President-elect Trump's presidency from the Trump
Organization.

Some have asked questions. Why not divest? Why not just sell everything? Form of
blind trust. And I'd like to turn to addressing some of those questions now.

Selling, first and foremost, would not eliminate possibilities of conflicts of
interest. In fact, it would exacerbate them. The Trump brand is key to the value
of the Trump Organization's assets. If President-elect Trump sold his brand, he
would be entitled to royalties for the use of it, and this would result in the
trust retaining an interest in the brand without the ability to assure that it
does not exploit the office of the presidency.

Further, whatever price was paid would be subject to criticism and scrutiny. Was
it too high, is there pay for play, was it too much pay to curry favor with the
president-elect. And selling his assets without the rights to the brand would
greatly diminish the value of the assets and create a fire sale.

President-elect Trump should not be expected to destroy the company he built.
This plan offers a suitable alternative to address the concerns of the American
people, and selling the entire Trump Organization isn't even feasible.

Some people have suggested that the president-elect sell the business to his
adult children. This would require massive third-party debt sourced with
multiple lenders, whose motives and willingness to participate would be
questioned and undoubtedly investigated. And if the president-elect were to
finance the sale himself, he would retain the financial interests in the assets
that he owns now.

Some people have suggested that the Trump -- that President-elect Trump could
bundle the assets and turn the Trump Organization into a public company. Anyone
who has ever gone through this extraordinarily cumbersome and complicated
process knows that it is a non-starter. It is not realistic and it would be
inappropriate for the Trump Organization.

Some people have suggested a blind trust, but you cannot have a totally blind
trust with operating businesses. President Trump can't unknow he owns Trump
Tower and the press will make sure that any new developments at the Trump
Organization are well publicized.DILLON: Further, it would be impossible to find
an institutional trustee that would be competent to run the Trump Organization.
The approach that he is taking allows Don and Eric to preserve this great
company and its iconic assets. And this approach is best from a conflicts and
ethics perspective. It creates a complete separation from President-elect Trump
-- it separates him and prevents him from participating in the business and
poses strict limits on what the trustees can do and requires the assent of any
ethics adviser to a new deal.

I'm going to turn to one last topic today that has been of interest lately
called emoluments. That's a word I think we've all become familiar with and
perhaps had not heard before.

And we're gonna describe some other actions that President-elect Trump is taking
to avoid even the appearance of a conflict.

Emoluments comes from the Constitution. The Constitution says ''officials may
not accept gifts, titles of nobility, or emoluments from foreign governments
with respect to their office, and that no benefit should be derived by holding
in office.''

The so-called Emoluments Clause has never been interpreted, however, to apply to
fair value exchanges that have absolutely nothing to do with an office holder.

No one would have thought when the Constitution was written that paying your
hotel bill was an emolument. Instead, it would have been thought of as a
value-for-value exchange; not a gift, not a title, and not an emolument.

But since President-elect Trump has been elected, some people want to define
emoluments to cover routine business transactions like paying for hotel rooms.
They suggest that the Constitution prohibits the businesses from even
arm's-length transactions that the president-elect has absolutely nothing to do
with and isn't even aware of.

These people are wrong. This is not what the Constitution says. Paying for a
hotel room is not a gift or a present and it has nothing to do with an office.
It's not an emolument.

The Constitution does not require President-elect Trump to do anything here.
But, just like with conflicts of interests, he wants to do more than what the
Constitution requires.

So, President-elect Trump has decided, and we are announcing today, that he is
going to voluntarily donate all profits from foreign government payments made to
his hotel to the United States Treasury. This way, it is the American people who
will profit.

In sum, I and president-elect's (sic) other advisers at Morgan Lewis have
determined the approach we've outlined today will avoid potential conflicts of
interests or concerns regarding exploitation of the office of the presidency
without imposing unnecessary and unreasonable loses on the president-elect and
his family.

We believe this structure and these steps will serve to accomplish the
president-elect's desire to be isolated from his business interests and give the
American people confidence that his sole business and interest is in making
America great again, bringing back jobs to this country, securing our borders
and rebuilding our infrastructure.

The American people were well -- well aware of President-elect Trump's business
empire and financial interests when they voted. Many people voted for him
precisely because of his business success.

President-elect Trump wants to bring this success to all Americans. Thank you.

(APPLAUSE)

(CROSSTALK)

DILLON: You're welcome. My pleasure. Yes (ph). Don't want to lose your note.
Thank you.

TRUMP: Thank you very much. Here you go, you (ph).

DILLON: Thank you.

QUESTION: Mr. Trump? Thank you. Mr. Trump, (inaudible) from America News.

What is your response to your critics that say not only you, but also your
Cabinet is filled with conflicts of interest?

And do you plan to set an example in the future to make sure that your -- your
Cabinet and everyone throughout your administration...

(CROSSTALK)

TRUMP: I -- I really think that when you watch what's going on with what's
happening in -- I was just watching, as an example, Rex Tillerson. I think it's
brilliant what he's doing and what he's saying.

I watched yesterday, as you know, our great senator, who is going to be a great
attorney general. And he was brilliant. And what people don't know is that he
was a great prosecutor and attorney general in Alabama. And he was brilliant
yesterday.

So, I really think that they are -- I think we have one of the great Cabinets
ever put together. And we've been hearing that from so many people. People are
so happy.

You know, in the case of Rex, he ran incredibly Exxon Mobil. When there was a
find, he would get it. When they needed something, he would be there.

A friend of mine who's very, very substantial in the oil business, Harold Hamm
-- big supporter -- he said there's nobody in the business like Rex Tillerson.

And that's what we want. That's what I want to bring to government.

I want to bring the greatest people into government, because we're way behind.
We don't make good deals any more. I say it all the time in speeches. We don't
make good deals anymore; we make bad deals. Our trade deals are a
disaster.TRUMP: We have hundreds of billions of dollars of losses on a yearly
basis -- hundreds of billions with China on trade and trade imbalance, with
Japan, with Mexico, with just about everybody. We don't make good deals anymore.

So we need people that are smart, we need people that are successful and they
got successful because generally speaking, they're smart. And that's what I'd
put, I'm very proud of the Cabinet, I think they're doing very well.

It's very interesting how it's going, but it's -- I think they're doing very,
very well.

(CROSSTALK)

QUESTION: ... a quick follow-up on -- on Russia, sir.

QUESTION: Thank you, Mr. President-elect. I wanted to ask a few questions on
Obamacare?

TRUMP: Yeah.

QUESTION: Can you be specific on what guidance you're giving congressional
Republicans on the timeline for repeal and replace, whether it needs to be
simultaneous or...

(CROSSTALK)

TRUMP: Finally, Obamacare, I thought it was never gonna be asked.

QUESTION: (OFF-MIKE) though if you have outlined a plan for what you want the
replace package to look like, would it guarantee coverage for those who have
gotten health insurance through the current Obamacare law?

TRUMP: You're gonna be very, very proud, as not only the media and reporters,
you're gonna be very proud of what we put forth having to do with health care.
Obamacare is a complete and total disaster.

They can say what they want, they can guide you anyway they wanna guide you. In
some cases, they guide you incorrectly. In most cases, you realize what's
happened, it's imploding as we sit.

Some states have over a hundred percent increase and '17 and I said this two
years ago, '17 is going to be the bad year. It's going to be catastrophic.
Frankly, we could sit back and it was a thought from a political standpoint, but
it wouldn't be fair to the people.

We could sit back and wait and watch and criticize and we could be a Chuck
Schumer and sit back and criticize it and people would come, they would come,
begging to us please, we have to do something about Obamacare. We don't wanna
own it, we don't wanna own it politically. They own it right now.

So the easiest thing would be to let it implode in '17 and believe me, we'd get
pretty much whatever we wanted, but it would take a long time. We're going to be
submitting, as soon as our secretary's approved, almost simultaneously, shortly
thereafter, a plan.

It'll be repeal and replace. It will be essentially, simultaneously. It will be
various segments, you understand, but will most likely be on the same day or the
same week, but probably, the same day, could be the same hour.

So we're gonna do repeal and replace, very complicated stuff. And we're gonna
get a health bill passed, we're gonna get health care taken care of in this
country. You have deductibles that are so high, that after people go broke
paying their premiums which are going through the roof, the health care can't
even be used by them because their deductibles bills are so high.

Obamacare is the Democrats problem. We are gonna take the problem off the
shelves for them. We're doing them a tremendous service by doing it. We could
sit back and let them hang with it. We are doing the Democrats a great service.

So as soon as our secretary is approved and gets into the office, we'll be
filing a plan. And it was actually, pretty accurately reported today, The New
York Times. And the plan will be repeal and replace Obamacare.

We're going to have a health care that is far less expensive and far better. OK.

(CROSSTALK)

QUESTION: President-elect, can we just ask you -- sir, sir...

QUESTION: President-elect Trump...

(CROSSTALK)

QUESTION: Mr. President -- which one?

TRUMP: I was going right here.

(CROSSTALK)

QUESTION: President-elect Trump, Jon Steinberg (ph) from Cheddar. When you look
at all the meetings that you've had with Carrier, SoftBank and Alibaba, do you
conceive of making this a program, maybe sitting inside of commerce?

And then my follow-up question to that, is how soon will we see the program on
capital repatriation and corporate tax cuts?

TRUMP: Well, if I can save jobs, for instance I was doing individual companies
and people said well, that's only one company, like we did a good job with
Carrier. And I wanna thank United Technologies which owns Carrier, but we saved
close to a thousand jobs.

And they were gone and Mike Pence and his staff really helped us, a lot. But
those were -- that was a tough one because they announced a year and a half
before that they were leaving so it's always tough when they're building a plan,
just a little tougher than before they start or before they make an
announcement.TRUMP: So I wanna thank United Technologies. But we've been meeting
with a lot of companies. But what really is happening, is the word is now out,
that when you want to move your plant to Mexico or some other place, and you
want to fire all of your workers from Michigan and Ohio and all these places
that I won, for good reason, it's not going to happen that way anymore.

You want to move your plant and you think, as an example, you're going to build
that plant in Mexico and you're going to make your air conditioners or your cars
or whatever you're making, and you're going to sell it through what will be a
very, very strong border -- not a weak border like it is -- we don't even have a
border. It's an open sieve.

But you're going to sell through a very strong border -- not going to happen.
You're going to pay a very large border tax. So if you want to move to another
country and if you want to fire all of our great American workers that got you
there in the first place, you can move from Michigan to Tennessee and to North
Carolina and South Carolina. You can move from South Carolina back to Michigan.

You can do anywhere -- you've got a lot of states at play; a lot of competition.
So it's not like, oh, gee, I'm taking the competition away. You've got a lot of
places you can move. And I don't care, as along as it's within the United
States, the borders of the United States.

There will be a major border tax on these companies that are leaving and getting
away with murder. And if our politicians had what it takes, they would have done
this years ago. And you'd have millions more workers right now in the United
States that are -- 96 million really wanting a job and they can't get. You know
that story. The real number -- that's the real number.

So, that's the way it is. OK. Go ahead.

QUESTION: President-elect, I have a question about the Supreme Court and border
security. But I also wanted to ask you about something you said on Twitter this
morning. Are we living in Nazi Germany? What were you driving at there? Do you
have a problem with the intelligence community?

And on the Supreme Court, what's your timeline? You said a while ago you were
down to four. Have you conducted those interviews yet? What's your timeline for
nominating?

And on the border fence, it now appears clear U.S. taxpayers will have to pay
for it up front. What is your plan to...

TRUMP: That's not clear at all. OK.

(CROSSTALK)

QUESTION: ... to get Mexico to pay for it?

TRUMP: I've got it. Do you have any more?

(LAUGHTER)

On the fence -- it's not a fence. It's a wall. You just misreported it. We're
going to build a wall. I could wait about a year-and-a-half until we finish our
negotiations with Mexico, which will start immediately after we get to office,
but I don't want to wait. Mike Pence is leading an effort to get final approvals
through various agencies and through Congress for the wall to begin.

I don't feel like waiting a year or a year-and-a-half. We're going to start
building. Mexico in some form, and there are many different forms, will
reimburse us and they will reimburse us for the cost of the wall. That will
happen, whether it's a tax or whether it's a payment -- probably less likely
that it's a payment. But it will happen.

So, remember this, OK? I would say we are going to build a wall and people would
go crazy. I would then say, who is going to pay for the wall? And people would
all scream out -- 25,000, 30,000 people, because nobody has ever had crowds like
Trump has had. You know that. You don't like to report that, but that's OK.

OK, now he agrees. Finally, he agrees.

But I say who is going to pay for the wall? And they will scream out,
''Mexico.''

Now, reports went out last week -- oh, Mexico is not going to pay for the wall
because of a reimbursement. What's the difference? I want to get the wall
started. I don't want to wait a year-and-a-half until I make my deal with
Mexico. And we probably will have a deal sooner than that.

And by the way, Mexico has been so nice, so nice. I respect the government of
Mexico. I respect the people of Mexico. I love the people of Mexico. I have many
people from Mexico working for me. They're phenomenal people.

The government of Mexico is terrific. I don't blame them for what's happened. I
don't blame them for taking advantage of the United States. I wish our
politicians were so smart. Mexico has taken advantage of the United States. I
don't blame the representatives and various presidents, et cetera, of Mexico.
What I say is we shouldn't have allowed that to happen. It's not going to happen
anymore.

So, in order to get the wall started, Mexico will pay for the wall, but it will
be reimbursed. OK?

Supreme Court judge. So, as you know, I have a list of 20. I've gone through
them. We've met with numerous candidates. They're outstanding in every case.
They were largely recommended and highly recommended by Federalist Society. Jim
DeMint was also very much involved, and his group, which is fantastic, and he's
a fantastic guy.TRUMP: So between Leo and Jim DeMint and some senators and some
congresspeople, we have a great group of people. I'll be making the decision on
who we will put up for justice of the United States Supreme Court, a replacement
for the great, great Justice Scalia. That will be probably within two weeks of
the 20th. So within about two weeks, probably the second week. I consider the
first day because we'll also be doing some -- some pretty good signings and I
think what we'll do is we'll wait until Monday.

That will be our really first business day as opposed to doing it on Friday,
because on Friday, people are going to have a very good time at the
inauguration, and then Saturday, as you know, we're having a big church service
and lots of good things are happening. So our first day -- and you'll all be
invited to the signings, but we'll be doing some pretty good signings on Monday
and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday, and then also the next week.
And you're all invited.

But on the Supreme Court, I'll be making that decision, and it will be a
decision which I very strongly believe in. I think it's one of the reasons I got
elected. I think the people of this country did not want to see what was
happening with the Supreme Court, so I think it was a very, very big decision as
to why I was elected.

QUESTION: The tweet that you had this morning about are we living in Nazi
Germany, what were you driving at there? What are you trying to tell the
American public?

TRUMP: I think it was disgraceful -- disgraceful that the intelligence agencies
allowed any information that turned out to be so false and fake out. I think
it's a disgrace, and I say that -- and I say that, and that's something that
Nazi Germany would have done and did do. I think it's a disgrace that
information that was false and fake and never happened got released to the
public.

As far as Buzzfeed, which is a failing pile of garbage, writing it, I think
they're going to suffer the consequences. They already are. And as far as CNN
going out of their way to build it up -- and by the way, we just found out I was
coming down. Michael Cohen -- I was being -- Michael Cohen is a very talented
lawyer. He's a good lawyer in my firm. It was just reported that it wasn't this
Michael Cohen they we're talking about. So all night long it's Michael Cohen.

I said, ''I want to see your passport.'' He brings his passport to my office. I
say, hey, wait a minute. He didn't leave the country. He wasn't out of the
country. They had Michael Cohen of the Trump Organization was in Prague. It
turned out to be a different Michael Cohen. It's a disgrace what took place.
It's a disgrace and I think they ought to apologize to start with Michael Cohen.

QUESTION: Since you're attacking us, can you give us a question? Mr.
President-elect --

TRUMP: Go ahead.

QUESTION: Mr. President-elect, since you are attacking our news organization...

TRUMP: Not you.

QUESTION: Can you give us a chance?

TRUMP: Your organization is terrible.

QUESTION: You are attacking our news organization, can you give us a chance to
ask a question, sir? Sir, can you...

TRUMP: Quiet.

QUESTION: Mr. President-elect, can you say...

TRUMP: He's asking a question, don't be rude. Don't be rude.

QUESTION: Can you give us a question since you're attacking us? Can you give us
a question?

TRUMP: Don't be rude. No, I'm not going to give you a question. I'm not going to
give you a question.

QUESTION: Can you state...

TRUMP: You are fake news. Go ahead.

QUESTION: Sir, can you state categorically that nobody -- no, Mr.
President-elect, that's not appropriate.

TRUMP: Go ahead.

(APPLAUSE)

QUESTION: Do you think President Obama went too far with the sanctions he put on
Russia after the hacking?

TRUMP: I don't think he went too far. No.

QUESTION: Will you roll them back? What do you think of Lindsey Graham's plan to
send you a bill for...

TRUMP: Plans to send me a bill for what?

QUESTION: Tougher sanctions.

TRUMP: I hadn't heard Lindsey Graham was going to do that. Lindsey Graham. I've
been competing with him for a long time. He is going to crack that one percent
barrier one day. I didn't realize Lindsey Graham still had it. That's all right.
I think Lindsey Graham is a nice guy. I've heard that he is a nice guy and I've
been hearing it.

Go ahead. Go ahead. You've been waiting.

QUESTION: As far as we understand, the intelligence community...

TRUMP: Stand up.

QUESTION: From BBC news. Ian Pannell from BBC news.

TRUMP: BBC news. That's another beauty.

QUESTION: Thank you. Thank you.

As far as we understand it, the intelligence community are still looking at
these allegations, this false news, as you describe it. If they come back with
any kind of conclusion that any of it stands up, that any of it is true, will
you consider your position...

TRUMP: There's nothing they could come back with.

QUESTION: Can you...

TRUMP: Go ahead.

QUESTION: (inaudible) published fake news and all the problems that we've seen
throughout the media over the course of the election, what reforms do you
recommend for this industry here?

TRUMP: Well, I don't recommend reforms. I recommend people that are -- that have
some moral compass.

You know, I've been hearing more and more about a thing called fake news and
they're talking about people that go and say all sorts of things. But I will
tell you, some of the media outlets that I deal with are fake news more so than
anybody. I could name them, but I won't bother, but you have a few sitting right
in front of us. They're very, very dishonest people, but I think it's just
something we're going to have to live with.TRUMP: I guess the advantage I have
is that I can speak back. When it happens to somebody that doesn't have this --
doesn't have that kind of a megaphone, they can't speak back. It's a very sad
thing. I've seen people destroyed. I've seen people absolutely destroyed. And I
think it's very unfair. So, all I can ask for is honest reporters.

Yes?

(CROSSTALK)

QUESTION: I just wanted to follow up on the questions about the U.S.
intelligence community. And be very clear about what you're saying. Do you trust
your U.S. intelligence officials? And what do you say to foreign policy experts
who say you're actually weakening national security by waging this war of words
against that community?

TRUMP: Intelligence agencies are vital and very, very important. We are going to
be putting in, as you know, Mr. Pompeo and others, you know the Senator Dan
Coats. We're going to be putting in some outstanding people. Within 90 days,
they're going to be coming back to me with a major report on hacking.

I want them to cover this situation. I also want them, however, to cover, maybe
most importantly -- because we're hacked by everybody -- you know, the United
States, our government out of a list of 17 in terms of industries is the worst,
it's number 17, in terms of protection.

If you look at the retail industry, if you look at the banking industry, various
industries, out of 17 industries -- they put this in the category of an industry
-- the United States is last in terms of protecting, let's say, hacking defense.
Like we had a great hacking defense at the Republican National Committee.

That's why we weren't hacked. By the way, we were told that they were trying to
hack us, but they weren't able to hack. And I think I get some credit because I
told Reince, and Reince did a phenomenal job, but I said I want strong hacking
defense.

The Democratic National Committee didn't do that. Maybe that's why the country
runs so badly that way. But I will tell you -- wait -- wait -- wait, let me
finish. Within 90 days, we will be coming up with a major report on hacking
defense, how do we stop this new phenomena -- fairly new phenomena because the
United States is hacked by everybody.

That includes Russia and China and everybody -- everybody. OK.

(CROSSTALK)

TRUMP: Go ahead -- go ahead.

QUESTION: Mr. President-elect, you said, just now, that you believe Russia
indeed was responsible for the hacking of the DNC and Jon Podesta's e-mails, et
cetera.

TRUMP: All right, but you know what, it could have been others also.

QUESTION: But why did you spend weeks undermining U.S. intelligence community
before simply getting the facts and then making a public statement?

TRUMP: Well, I think it's pretty sad when intelligence reports get leaked out to
the press. I think it's pretty sad. First of all, it's illegal. You know, these
are -- these are classified and certified meetings and reports.

I'll tell you what does happen. I have many meetings with intelligence. And
every time I meet, people are reading about it. Somebody's leaking it out. So,
there's -- maybe it's my office. Maybe in my office because I have a lot of
people, a lot of great people. Maybe it's them. And what I did is I said I won't
tell anybody. I'm going to have a meeting and I won't tell anybody about my
meeting with intelligence.

And what happened is I had my meeting. Nobody knew, not even Rhona, my executive
assistant for years, she didn't know -- I didn't tell her. Nobody knew. The
meeting was had, the meeting was over, they left. And immediately the word got
out that I had a meeting.

So, I don't want that -- I don't want that. It's very unfair to the country.
It's very unfair to our country; what's happened. That report should have never
-- first of all, it shouldn't have been printed because it's not worth the paper
it's written on. And I thank the New York Times for saying that.

I thank a lot of different people for saying that. But, I will tell you, that
should never, ever happen. OK.

(CROSSTALK)

QUESTION: Thank you, Mr. President-elect, can you stand here today, once and for
all and say that no one connected to you or your campaign had any contact with
Russia leading up to or during the presidential campaign. And if you do indeed
believe that Russia was behind the hacking, what is your message to Vladimir
Putin right now?

TRUMP: He shouldn't be doing it. He won't be doing it. Russia will have much
greater respect for our country when I'm leading than when other people have led
it. You will see that. Russia will respect our country more. He shouldn't have
done it. I don't believe that he will be doing it more now.

We have to work something out, but it's not just Russia. Take a look at what's
happened. You don't report it the same way; 22 million accounts were hacked in
this country by China. And that's because we have no defense. That's because
we're run by people that don't know what they're doing.TRUMP: Russia will have
far greater respect for our country when I'm leading it and I believe and I hope
-- maybe it won't happen, it's possible. But I won't be giving (ph) a little
reset button like Hillary. Here, press this piece of plastic. A guy looked at
her like what is she doing? There's no reset button. We're either going to get
along or we're not. I hope we get along, but if we don't, that's possible too.

But Russia and other countries -- and other countries, including China, which
has taken total advantage of us economically, totally advantage of us in the
South China Sea by building their massive fortress, total. Russia, China, Japan,
Mexico, all countries will respect us far more, far more than they do under past
administrations.

I want to thank everybody. So this is all -- just so you understand, these
papers -- because I'm not sure that was explained properly. But these papers are
all just a piece of the many, many companies that are being put into trust to be
run by my two sons that I hope at the end of eight years, I'll come back and
say, oh, you did a good job. Otherwise, if they do a bad job, I'll say, ''You're
fired.''

Good-bye, everybody. Good-bye.

END

Follow The New York Times's politics and Washington coverage on Facebook and
Twitter, and sign up for the First Draft politics newsletter.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/11/us/politics/trump-press-conference-transcript.
html

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Text

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 The New York Times Company


                              300 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                      January 11, 2017 Wednesday 00:00 EST

Donald Trump's News Conference: Full Transcript and Video

SECTION: US; politics

LENGTH: 10032 words



HIGHLIGHT: It is the first time the president-elect took questions from
reporters in a formal news conference since July.


The following is a complete transcript of a news conference that President-elect
Donald J. Trump held in New York on Wednesday, as prepared by the Federal News
Service.

For updates and analysis of the conference, follow our transition briefing.

SEAN SPICER: Morning. Thanks for being here (inaudible) days away from the
inauguration of the next president and vice president of the United States. It's
an opportunity to be here today to allow the president-elect to take your
questions.

After the president-elect makes some remarks, he will introduce Ms. Sheri
Dillon, a prominent attorney in Washington, D.C., with the prestigious firm of
Morgan Lewis who will - who structured the agreements pursuant to the
president's business arrangements and she will give brief remarks.

Before we start, I want to bring your attention to a few points on the report
that was published in BuzzFeed last night. It's frankly outrageous and highly
irresponsible for a left-wing blog that was openly hostile to the
president-elect's campaign to drop highly salacious and flat-out false
information on the internet just days before he takes the oath of office.

According to BuzzFeed's own editor, there are some serious reasons to doubt the
allegations in the report. The executive editor of The New York Times also
dismissed the report by saying it was, quote, "Totally unsubstantiated, echoing
the concerns that many other reporters expressed on the internet."

SPICER: The fact that BuzzFeed and CNN made the decision to run with this
unsubstantiated claim is a sad and pathetic attempt to get clicks. The report is
not an intelligence report, plain and simple. One issue that the report talked
about was the relationship of three individuals associated with the campaign.
These three individuals; Paul Manafort, Michael Cohen and Carter Page.

Carter Page is an individual who the president-elect does not know and was put
on notice months ago by the campaign. Paul Manafort has adamantly denied any of
this involvement and Michael Cohen, who is said to have visited Prague in August
and September did not leave or enter the United States during this time. We
asked him to produce his passport to confirm his whereabouts on the dates in
question and there was no doubt that he was not in Prague.

In fact, Mr. Cohen has never been in Prague. A new report actually suggests that
Michael Cohen was at - at the University of Southern California with his son at
a baseball game. One report now suggested apparently it's another Michael Cohen.
For all the talk lately about fake news, this political witch hunt by some in
the media is based on some of the most flimsy reporting and is frankly shameful
and disgraceful.

With that, it is my honor to introduce the next vice president of the United
States, Mike Pence.

(APPLAUSE)

PENCE: We are nine days away from the inauguration of the 45th president of the
United States of America.

(APPLAUSE)

I am profoundly honored and humbled that I will take the oath of office to serve
as vice president of the United States nine days from today, but I'm even more
honored to stand shoulder to shoulder with a new president who will make America
great again.

(APPLAUSE)

Now, the president-elect's leadership and his energy during the campaign was
impressive. But as the chairman of the transition effort, I can assure the
American people that his energy and his vision during the course of this
transition has been even more inspiring. To see the way he has brought together
men and women of extraordinary capability at a historic pace in this cabinet.

Nineteen of the 21 cabinet officials have been announced, nine committee
hearings already scheduled, seven more soon to go on the books in the next
several days and it is a - it is a compilation of men and women with an
unprecedented caliber of leadership and background to help this administration
move our nation forward. Perhaps that's why there's been such a concerted effort
by some in the mainstream media to delegitimize this election and to demean our
incoming administration.

You know, I have long been a supporter of a free and independent press and I
always will be. But with freedom comes responsibility. And the irresponsible
decision of a few news organizations to run with a false and unsubstantiated
report, when most news organizations resisted the temptation to propagate this
fake news, can only be attributed to media bias and attempt to demean the
president-elect and our incoming administration and the American people are sick
and tired of it.

(APPLAUSE)

But today, we'll get back to real news, to real facts and the real progress our
incoming president has already made in reviving the American economy and
assembling a team that will make America great again. And we'll hear from the
president-elect about issues that are of paramount importance to the American
people today.

So, it is my honor to introduce to all of you, my friend and the president-elect
of the United States of America, Donald Trump.

(APPLAUSE)

TRUMP: Thank you very much.

It's very familiar territory, news conferences, because we used to give them on
an almost daily basis. I think we probably maybe won the nomination because of
news conferences and it's good to be with you.

TRUMP: We stopped giving them because we were getting quite a bit of inaccurate
news, but I do have to say that - and I must say that I want to thank a lot of
the news organizations here today because they looked at that nonsense that was
released by maybe the intelligence agencies? Who knows, but maybe the
intelligence agencies which would be a tremendous blot on their record if they
in fact did that. A tremendous blot, because a thing like that should have never
been written, it should never have been had and it should certainly never been
released.

But I want to thank a lot of the news organizations for some of whom have not
treated me very well over the years - a couple in particular - and they came out
so strongly against that fake news and the fact that it was written about by
primarily one group and one television station.

So, I just want to compliment many of the people in the room. I have great
respect for the news and great respect for freedom of the press and all of that.
But I will tell you, there were some news organizations with all that was just
said that were so professional - so incredibly professional, that I've just gone
up a notch as to what I think of you. OK?

All right. We've had some great news over the last couple of weeks. I've been
quite active, I guess you could say, in an economic way for the country. A lot
of car companies are going to be moving in, we have other companies - big news
is going to be announced over the next couple of weeks about companies that are
getting building in the Midwest.

You saw yesterday Fiat Chrysler; big, big factory going to be built in this
country as opposed to another country. Ford just announced that they stopped
plans for a billion dollar plant in Mexico and they're going to be moving into
Michigan and expanding, very substantially, an existing plant.

I appreciate that from Ford. I appreciate it very much from Fiat Chrysler. I
hope that General Motors will be following and I think they will be. I think a
lot of people will be following. I think a lot of industries are going to be
coming back.

We've got to get our drug industry back. Our drug industry has been disastrous.
They're leaving left and right. They supply our drugs, but they don't make them
here, to a large extent. And the other thing we have to do is create new bidding
procedures for the drug industry because they're getting away with murder.

Pharma, pharma has a lot of lobbies and a lot of lobbyists and a lot of power
and there's very little bidding on drugs. We're the largest buyer of drugs in
the world and yet we don't bid properly and we're going to start bidding and
we're going to save billions of dollars over a period of time.

And we're going to do that with a lot of other industries. I'm very much
involved with the generals and admirals on the airplane, the F-35, you've been
reading about it. And it's way, way behind schedule and many, many billions of
dollars over budget. I don't like that. And the admirals have been fantastic,
the generals have been fantastic. I've really gotten to know them well. And
we're going to do some big things on the F-35 program, and perhaps the F-18
program. And we're going to get those costs way down and we're going to get the
plane to be even better. And we're going to have some competition and it's going
to be a beautiful thing.

So, we've been very, very much involved, and other things. We had Jack Ma, we
had so many incredible people coming here. There are no - they're going to do
tremendous things - tremendous things in this country. And they're very excited.

And I will say, if the election didn't turn out the way it turned out, they
would not be here. They would not be in my office. They would not be in anybody
else's office. They'd be building and doing things in other countries. So,
there's a great spirit going on right now. A spirit that many people have told
me they've never seen before, ever.

We're going to create jobs. I said that I will be the greatest jobs producer
that God ever created. And I mean that, I really - I'm going to work very hard
on that. We need certain amounts of other things, including a little bit of
luck, but I think we're going to do a real job. And I'm very proud of what we've
done.

And we haven't even gotten there yet. I look very much forward to the
inauguration. It's going to be a beautiful event. We have great talent,
tremendous talent. And we have the - all of the bands - or most of the bands are
from the different - from the different segments of the military. And I've heard
some of these bands over the years, they're incredible.

We're going to have a very, very elegant day. The 20th is going to be something
that will be very, very special; very beautiful. And I think we're going to have
massive crowds because we have a movement.

TRUMP: It's a movement like the world has never seen before. It's a movement
that a lot of people didn't expect. And even the polls - although some of them
did get it right, but many of them didn't. And that was a beautiful scene on
November 8th as those states started to pour in.

And we focused very hard in those states and they really reciprocated. And those
states are gonna have a lot of jobs and they're gonna have a lot of security.
They're going to have a lot of good news for their veterans.

And by the way, speaking of veterans, I appointed today the head secretary of
the Veterans Administration, David Shulkin. And we'll do a news release in a
little while. Tell you about David, he's fantastic - he's fantastic. He will do
a truly great job.

One of the commitments I made is that we're gonna straighten out the whole
situation for our veterans. Our veterans have been treated horribly. They're
waiting in line for 15, 16, 17 days, cases where they go in and they have a
minor early-stage form of cancer and they can't see a doctor. By the time they
get to the doctor, they're terminal. Not gonna happen, it's not gonna happen.

So, David is going to do a fantastic job. We're going to be talking to a few
people also to help David. And we have some of the great hospitals of the world
going to align themselves with us on the Veterans Administration, like the
Cleveland Clinic, like the Mayo Clinic, a few more than we have. And we're gonna
set up a - a group.

These are hospitals that have been the top of the line, the absolute top of the
line. And they're going to get together with their great doctors - Dr. Toby
Cosgrove, as you know from the Cleveland Clinic, has been very involved.

Ike Perlmutter has been very, very involved, one of the great men of business.
And we're gonna straighten out the V.A. for our veterans. I've been promising
that for a long time and it's something I feel very, very strongly.

So, you'll get the information on David. And I think you'll be very impressed
with the job he does. We looked long and hard. We interviewed at least 100
people, some good, some not so good. But we had a lot of talent. And we think
this election will be something that will, with time - with time, straighten it
out and straighten it out for good 'cause our veterans have been treated very
unfairly.

OK, questions? Yes, John (ph)?

QUESTION: (Inaudible) so much.

TRUMP: Thank you.

QUESTION: Appreciate it.

A couple of aspects of the intelligence briefing that you received on Friday
that we're looking for further clarification on.

TRUMP: Sure.

QUESTION: First of all, did the heads of the intelligence agencies provide you
with the two-page summary of these unsubstantiated allegations? And secondly to
that, on the broader picture, do you accept their opinion that Vladimir Putin
ordered the hack of the DNC and the attempted hack of the RNC?

And if you do, how will that color your attempts to build a relationship with a
leader who has been accused of committing an act of espionage against the United
States?

TRUMP: OK, first of all, these readings as you know are confidential,
classified. So, I'm not allowed to talk about what went on in a meeting.

And - but we had many witnesses in that meeting, many of them with us. And I
will say, again, I think it's a disgrace that information would be let out.

I saw the information; I read the information outside of that meeting. It's all
fake news. It's phony stuff. It didn't happen. And it was gotten by opponents of
ours, as you know, because you reported it and so did many of the other people.
It was a group of opponents that got together - sick people - and they put that
crap together.

So, I will tell you that not within the meeting, but outside of the meeting,
somebody released it. It should have never been - number one, shouldn't have
even entered paper. But it should have never have been released. But I read what
was released and I think it's a disgrace. I think it's an absolute disgrace.

As far as hacking, I think it was Russia. But I think we also get hacked by
other countries and other people. And I - I can say that you know when - when we
lost 22 million names and everything else that was hacked recently, they didn't
make a big deal out of that. That was something that was extraordinary. That was
probably China.

We had - we had much hacking going on. And one of the things we're gonna do, we
have some of the greatest computer minds anywhere in the world that we've
assembled. You saw just a sample of it two weeks ago up here where we had the
six top people in the world - they were never in the same room together as a
group. And we're gonna put those minds together and we're going to form a
defense.

TRUMP: And I have to say this also, the Democratic National Committee was
totally open to be hacked. They did a very poor job. They could've had hacking
defense, which we had.

And I will give Reince Priebus credit, because when Reince saw what was
happening in the world and with this country, he went out and went to various
firms and ordered a very, very strong hacking defense.

And they tried to hack the Republican National Committee and they were unable to
break through.

We have to do that for our country. It's very important.

(CROSSTALK)

QUESTION: ... just to the last part of that question (inaudible) how could all
of this potentially color your attempts to build a better relationship with
President Putin?

TRUMP: Well, you know, President Putin and Russia put out a statement today that
this fake news was indeed fake news. They said it totally never happened.

Now, somebody would say, "Oh, of course he's gonna say that."

I respected the fact that he said that.

And I - I'll be honest, I think if he did have something, they would've released
it; they would've been glad to release it.

I think, frankly, had they broken into the Republican National Committee, I
think they would've released it just like they did about Hillary and all of the
horrible things that her people, like Mr. Podesta, said about her. I mean what
he said about her was horrible.

If somebody said about me, what Podesta said about Hillary, I was the boss, I
would've fired him immediately or that person. Because what he said about her
was horrible.

But remember this: We talk about the hacking and hacking's bad and it shouldn't
be done. But look at the things that were hacked, look at what was learned from
that hacking.

That Hillary Clinton got the questions to the debate and didn't report it?
That's a horrible thing. That's a horrible thing.

Can you imagine that if Donald Trump got the questions to the debate - it
would've been the biggest story in the history of stories. And they would've
said immediately, "You have to get out of the race." Nobody even talked about
it. It's a very terrible thing.

Yeah?

QUESTION: Can I ask you a question, sir?

(CROSSTALK)

QUESTION: Thank you, Mr. President-elect.

On that intelligence report, the second part of their conclusion was that
Vladimir Putin ordered it because he aspired to help you in the election.

Do you accept that part of the finding? And will you undo what President Obama
did to punish the Russians for this or will you keep it in place?

TRUMP: Well, if - if Putin likes Donald Trump, I consider that an asset, not a
liability, because we have a horrible relationship with Russia. Russia can help
us fight ISIS, which, by the way, is, number one, tricky. I mean if you look,
this administration created ISIS by leaving at the wrong time. The void was
created, ISIS was formed.

If Putin likes Donald Trump, guess what, folks? That's called an asset, not a
liability.

Now, I don't know that I'm gonna get along with Vladimir Putin. I hope I do. But
there's a good chance I won't. And if I don't, do you honestly believe that
Hillary would be tougher on Putin than me? Does anybody in this room really
believe that? Give me a break.

OK?

(CROSSTALK)

QUESTION: ... President Obama...

(CROSSTALK)

QUESTION: ... make clear whether during your visits to either Moscow or St.
Petersburg, you engaged in conduct that you now regret and that a reasonable...

(CROSSTALK)

QUESTION: Would a reasonable observer say that you are potentially vulnerable to
blackmail by Russia or by its intelligence agencies?

TRUMP: Lemme just tell you what I do.

When I leave our country, I'm a very high-profile person, would you say?

I am extremely careful. I'm surrounded by bodyguards. I'm surrounded by people.

And I always tell them - anywhere, but I always tell them if I'm leaving this
country, "Be very careful, because in your hotel rooms and no matter where you
go, you're gonna probably have cameras." I'm not referring just to Russia, but I
would certainly put them in that category.

And number one, "I hope you're gonna be good anyway. But in those rooms, you
have cameras in the strangest places. Cameras that are so small with modern
technology, you can't see them and you won't know. You better be careful, or
you'll be watching yourself on nightly television."

I tell this to people all the time.

I was in Russia years ago, with the Miss Universe contest, which did very well -
Moscow, the Moscow area did very, very well.

And I told many people, "Be careful, because you don't wanna see yourself on
television. Cameras all over the place."

And again, not just Russia, all over.

Does anyone really believe that story?

I'm also very much of a germaphobe, by the way, believe me.

(LAUGHTER)

(CROSSTALK)

QUESTION: ... how you plan to disentangle yourself from your business. But
first, I have to follow-up on some of these Russian remarks.

Based on your comments here today, do you believe the hacking was justified?
Does Russia have any leverage over you, financial or otherwise? And if not, will
you release your tax returns to prove it?

TRUMP: So I tweeted out that I have no dealings with Russia. I have no deals
that could happen in Russia, because we've stayed away. And I have no loans with
Russia.

As a real estate developer, I have very, very little debt. I have assets that
are - and now people have found out how big the company is, I have very little
debt - I have very low debt. But I have no loans with Russia at all.

And I thought that was important to put out. I certified that. So I have no
deals, I have no loans and I have no dealings. We could make deals in Russia
very easily if we wanted to, I just don't want to because I think that would be
a conflict. So I have no loans, no dealings, and no current pending deals.

Now, I have to say one other thing. Over the weekend, I was offered $2 billion
to do a deal in Dubai with a very, very, very amazing man, a great, great
developer from the Middle East, Hussein Damack, a friend of mine, great guy. And
I was offered $2 billion to do a deal in Dubai - a number of deals and I turned
it down.

I didn't have to turn it down, because as you know, I have a no-conflict
situation because I'm president, which is - I didn't know about that until about
three months ago, but it's a nice thing to have. But I don't want to take
advantage of something. I have something that others don't have, Vice President
Pence also has it. I don't think he'll need it, I have a feeling he's not going
to need it.

But I have a no conflict of interest provision as president. It was many, many
years old, this is for presidents. Because they don't want presidents getting -
I understand they don't want presidents getting tangled up in minutia; they want
a president to run the country. So I could actually run my business, I could
actually run my business and run government at the same time.

I don't like the way that looks, but I would be able to do that if I wanted to.
I would be the only one to be able to do that. You can't do that in any other
capacity. But as president, I could run the Trump organization, great, great
company, and I could run the company - the country. I'd do a very good job, but
I don't want to do that.

Now, all of these papers that you see here - yes, go ahead.

QUESTION: (inaudible) do you believe the hacking was justified? And will you
release your tax returns to prove what you're saying about no deals in Russia?

TRUMP: I'm not releasing the tax returns because as you know, they're under
audit.

(CROSSTALK)

QUESTION: ... since the '70's has had a required audit from the IRS, the last
place to release them, but as president sir...

TRUMP: You know, the only one that cares about my tax returns are the reporters,
OK? They're the only who ask.

QUESTION: You don't think the American public is concerned about it?

TRUMP: No I don't think so. I won, when I became president. No, I don't think
they care at all. I don't think they care at all.

(APPLAUSE)

TRUMP: I think you care - I think you care. First of all, you learn very little
to a tax return. What you should go down to federal elections and take a look at
the numbers. And actually, people have learned a lot about my company and now
they realize, my company is much bigger, much more powerful than they ever
thought. We're in many, many countries, and I'm very proud of it.

And what I'm going to be doing is my two sons, who are right here, Don and Eric,
are going to be running the company. They are going to be running it in a very
professional manner. They're not going to discuss it with me. Again, I don't
have to do this. They're not going to discuss it with me. And with that, I'm
going to bring up Sheri Dillon, and she's going to go - these papers are just
some of the many documents that I've signed turning over complete and total
control to my sons.

(CROSSTALK)

DILLON: Good morning. It's my honor and privilege to be here today at
President-elect Trump's request.

He's asked me, as you just heard, to speak about the conflicts of interest and
the steps he's taking. As you know, the business empire built by President-elect
Trump over the years is massive, not dissimilar to the fortunes of Nelson
Rockefeller when he became vice president. But at that time, no one was so
concerned.

President-elect Trump wants the American public to rest assured that all of his
efforts are directed to pursuing the people's business and not his own. To that
end, as he explained a few moments ago, he directed me and my colleagues at the
law firm Morgan Lewis and Bockius to design a structure for his business empire
that will completely isolate him from the management of the company.

He further instructed that we build in protections that will assure the American
people the decisions he makes and the actions that he takes as president are for
their benefit and not to support his financial interests.

DILLON: As he said, he's voluntarily taking this on. The conflicts of interest
laws simply do not apply to the president or the vice president and they are not
required to separate themselves from their financial assets. The primary
conflicts of interest statutes and some have questioned it, is Section 18 USC
208 and it's simply inapplicable by its terms. And this is not just our
interpretation. It's Congress itself who have made this clear in 1989 when it
amended Section 18 USC 202 to state that, except as otherwise provided, the
terms office and employee in section 208 shall not include the president.

Even so, President-elect Trump wants there to be no doubt in the minds of the
American public that he is completely isolating himself from his business
interests. He instructed us to take all steps realistically possible to make it
clear that he is not exploiting the office of the presidency for his personal
benefit. He also sought the guidance of individuals who are familiar with and
have worked extensively in the fields of government ethics and constitutional
law.

Critical to the Morgan Lewis team is Fred Fielding, standing here to our side
and with us today and many of you have known him. He has served several
presidents over the years including serving as counsel to Presidents Ronald
Reagan and George W. Bush as well as serving on President George H.W. Bush's
Commission on Federal Ethics Law Reform and he also held the position of vice
chair of the Ethics Resource Center.

Mr. Fielding has been extensively involved with and approved this plan. He's
here today to support the plan and he will continue to provide guidance as the
plan is implemented and as Eric, Don, along with others, take over management of
the Trump organization.

I'm gonna detail some of the extraordinary steps now that the president-elect is
taking. First, President-elect Trump's investments and business assets commonly
known as the - as the Trump Organization, comprising hundreds of entities which,
again, if you all go and take a look at his financial disclosure statement, the
pages and pages and pages of entities have all been or will be conveyed to a
trust prior to January 20th. Here is just some of the paperwork that's taking
care of those actions.

Second, through the trust agreement, he has relinquished leadership and
management of the Trump Organization to his sons Don and Eric and a longtime
Trump executive, Allen Weisselberg. Together, Don, Eric and Allen will have the
authority to manage the Trump Organization and will make decisions for the
duration of the presidency without any involvement whatsoever by President-elect
Trump.

Further, at the president-elect's direction, the trust agreement provides - that
to ensure the Trump Organization continues to operate in accordance with the
highest and legal ethics standards, an ethics adviser will be appointed to the
management team. The written approval of the ethics adviser will be required for
new deals, actions, and transactions that could potentially raise ethics or
conflicts of interest concerns.

President-elect Trump as well as Don, Eric and Allen are committed to ensuring
that the activities of the Trump organization are beyond reproach and cannot be
perceived to be exploitive of the office of the presidency. President-elect
Trump will resign from all officer and other positions he holds with the Trump
Organization entities.

Further, in addition, his daughter Ivanka will have no further involvement with
or management authority whatsoever with the Trump Organization. As she and Jared
move their family to D.C., Ivanka will focused on settling her children into
their new homes and their new schools.

The president-elect has also already disposed of all of his investments in
publicly traded or easily liquidated investments. As a result, the trust will
have two types of assets; first, it will hold liquid assets. Cash, cash
equivalents and treasuries and perhaps some positions in a government approved
diversified portfolio, one that is consistent with the regulations from the
Office of Government Ethics.

Second, the trust is going to hold his preexisting illiquid, but very valuable
business assets, the ones that everyone here is familiar with. Trump owned,
operated and branded golf clubs, commercial rental property, resorts, hotels,
rights to royalties from preexisting licenses of Trump-Marks Productions and
Goods. Things like Trump Tower, Mar-a-Lago, all of his other business assets, 40
Wall Street will all be in the trust.

Through instructions in the trust agreement, President-elect trust -
President-elect Trump first ordered that all pending deals be terminated. This
impacted more than 30 deals, many of which were set to close by the end of 2016.
As you can well imagine, that caused an immediate financial loss of millions of
dollars, not just for President-elect Trump, but also for Don, Ivanka and Eric.

DILLON: The trust agreement as directed by President Trump imposes severe
restrictions on new deals. No new foreign deals will be made whatsoever during
the duration of President Trump's presidency. New domestic deals will be
allowed, but they will go through a vigorous vetting process.

The president-elect will have no role in deciding whether the Trump Organization
engages in any new deal and he will only know of a deal if he reads it in the
paper or sees it on TV. Because any new deal could - and I emphasize could - be
perceived as causing a conflict or as exploiting the office of the presidency,
new deals must be vetted with the ethics adviser, whose role will be to analyze
any potential transactions for conflicts and ethics issues.

The ethics adviser will be a recognized expert in the field of government
experts. Again, his role will be to scrutinize the new deals and the actions,
and any new deal must receive written approval.

To further reinforce the wall that we are building between President-elect Trump
and the Trump Organization, President-elect Trump has ordered, through his trust
agreement, to sharply limit his information rights. Reports will only be
available and reflect profit and loss on the company as a whole. There will be
no separate business by business accounting.

Another step that President-elect Trump has taken is he created a new position
at the Trump Organization; the position of chief compliance counsel, whose
responsibility will be to ensure that the Trump businesses, again, are operating
at the highest levels of integrity and not taking any actions that could be
perceived as exploiting the office of the presidency.

He has also directed that no communications of the Trump Organization, including
social media accounts, will reference or be tied to President-elect Trump's role
as president of the United States or the office of the presidency.

In sum, all of these actions - complete relinquishment of management, no foreign
deals, ethics adviser approval of deals, sharply limited information rights -
will sever President-elect Trump's presidency from the Trump Organization.

Some have asked questions. Why not divest? Why not just sell everything? Form of
blind trust. And I'd like to turn to addressing some of those questions now.

Selling, first and foremost, would not eliminate possibilities of conflicts of
interest. In fact, it would exacerbate them. The Trump brand is key to the value
of the Trump Organization's assets. If President-elect Trump sold his brand, he
would be entitled to royalties for the use of it, and this would result in the
trust retaining an interest in the brand without the ability to assure that it
does not exploit the office of the presidency.

Further, whatever price was paid would be subject to criticism and scrutiny. Was
it too high, is there pay for play, was it too much pay to curry favor with the
president-elect. And selling his assets without the rights to the brand would
greatly diminish the value of the assets and create a fire sale.

President-elect Trump should not be expected to destroy the company he built.
This plan offers a suitable alternative to address the concerns of the American
people, and selling the entire Trump Organization isn't even feasible.

Some people have suggested that the president-elect sell the business to his
adult children. This would require massive third-party debt sourced with
multiple lenders, whose motives and willingness to participate would be
questioned and undoubtedly investigated. And if the president-elect were to
finance the sale himself, he would retain the financial interests in the assets
that he owns now.

Some people have suggested that the Trump - that President-elect Trump could
bundle the assets and turn the Trump Organization into a public company. Anyone
who has ever gone through this extraordinarily cumbersome and complicated
process knows that it is a non-starter. It is not realistic and it would be
inappropriate for the Trump Organization.

Some people have suggested a blind trust, but you cannot have a totally blind
trust with operating businesses. President Trump can't unknow he owns Trump
Tower and the press will make sure that any new developments at the Trump
Organization are well publicized.DILLON: Further, it would be impossible to find
an institutional trustee that would be competent to run the Trump Organization.
The approach that he is taking allows Don and Eric to preserve this great
company and its iconic assets. And this approach is best from a conflicts and
ethics perspective. It creates a complete separation from President-elect Trump
- it separates him and prevents him from participating in the business and poses
strict limits on what the trustees can do and requires the assent of any ethics
adviser to a new deal.

I'm going to turn to one last topic today that has been of interest lately
called emoluments. That's a word I think we've all become familiar with and
perhaps had not heard before.

And we're gonna describe some other actions that President-elect Trump is taking
to avoid even the appearance of a conflict.

Emoluments comes from the Constitution. The Constitution says "officials may not
accept gifts, titles of nobility, or emoluments from foreign governments with
respect to their office, and that no benefit should be derived by holding in
office."

The so-called Emoluments Clause has never been interpreted, however, to apply to
fair value exchanges that have absolutely nothing to do with an office holder.

No one would have thought when the Constitution was written that paying your
hotel bill was an emolument. Instead, it would have been thought of as a
value-for-value exchange; not a gift, not a title, and not an emolument.

But since President-elect Trump has been elected, some people want to define
emoluments to cover routine business transactions like paying for hotel rooms.
They suggest that the Constitution prohibits the businesses from even
arm's-length transactions that the president-elect has absolutely nothing to do
with and isn't even aware of.

These people are wrong. This is not what the Constitution says. Paying for a
hotel room is not a gift or a present and it has nothing to do with an office.
It's not an emolument.

The Constitution does not require President-elect Trump to do anything here.
But, just like with conflicts of interests, he wants to do more than what the
Constitution requires.

So, President-elect Trump has decided, and we are announcing today, that he is
going to voluntarily donate all profits from foreign government payments made to
his hotel to the United States Treasury. This way, it is the American people who
will profit.

In sum, I and president-elect's (sic) other advisers at Morgan Lewis have
determined the approach we've outlined today will avoid potential conflicts of
interests or concerns regarding exploitation of the office of the presidency
without imposing unnecessary and unreasonable loses on the president-elect and
his family.

We believe this structure and these steps will serve to accomplish the
president-elect's desire to be isolated from his business interests and give the
American people confidence that his sole business and interest is in making
America great again, bringing back jobs to this country, securing our borders
and rebuilding our infrastructure.

The American people were well - well aware of President-elect Trump's business
empire and financial interests when they voted. Many people voted for him
precisely because of his business success.

President-elect Trump wants to bring this success to all Americans. Thank you.

(APPLAUSE)

(CROSSTALK)

DILLON: You're welcome. My pleasure. Yes (ph). Don't want to lose your note.
Thank you.

TRUMP: Thank you very much. Here you go, you (ph).

DILLON: Thank you.

QUESTION: Mr. Trump? Thank you. Mr. Trump, (inaudible) from America News.

What is your response to your critics that say not only you, but also your
Cabinet is filled with conflicts of interest?

And do you plan to set an example in the future to make sure that your - your
Cabinet and everyone throughout your administration...

(CROSSTALK)

TRUMP: I - I really think that when you watch what's going on with what's
happening in - I was just watching, as an example, Rex Tillerson. I think it's
brilliant what he's doing and what he's saying.

I watched yesterday, as you know, our great senator, who is going to be a great
attorney general. And he was brilliant. And what people don't know is that he
was a great prosecutor and attorney general in Alabama. And he was brilliant
yesterday.

So, I really think that they are - I think we have one of the great Cabinets
ever put together. And we've been hearing that from so many people. People are
so happy.

You know, in the case of Rex, he ran incredibly Exxon Mobil. When there was a
find, he would get it. When they needed something, he would be there.

A friend of mine who's very, very substantial in the oil business, Harold Hamm -
big supporter - he said there's nobody in the business like Rex Tillerson.

And that's what we want. That's what I want to bring to government.

I want to bring the greatest people into government, because we're way behind.
We don't make good deals any more. I say it all the time in speeches. We don't
make good deals anymore; we make bad deals. Our trade deals are a
disaster.TRUMP: We have hundreds of billions of dollars of losses on a yearly
basis - hundreds of billions with China on trade and trade imbalance, with
Japan, with Mexico, with just about everybody. We don't make good deals anymore.

So we need people that are smart, we need people that are successful and they
got successful because generally speaking, they're smart. And that's what I'd
put, I'm very proud of the Cabinet, I think they're doing very well.

It's very interesting how it's going, but it's - I think they're doing very,
very well.

(CROSSTALK)

QUESTION: ... a quick follow-up on - on Russia, sir.

QUESTION: Thank you, Mr. President-elect. I wanted to ask a few questions on
Obamacare?

TRUMP: Yeah.

QUESTION: Can you be specific on what guidance you're giving congressional
Republicans on the timeline for repeal and replace, whether it needs to be
simultaneous or...

(CROSSTALK)

TRUMP: Finally, Obamacare, I thought it was never gonna be asked.

QUESTION: (OFF-MIKE) though if you have outlined a plan for what you want the
replace package to look like, would it guarantee coverage for those who have
gotten health insurance through the current Obamacare law?

TRUMP: You're gonna be very, very proud, as not only the media and reporters,
you're gonna be very proud of what we put forth having to do with health care.
Obamacare is a complete and total disaster.

They can say what they want, they can guide you anyway they wanna guide you. In
some cases, they guide you incorrectly. In most cases, you realize what's
happened, it's imploding as we sit.

Some states have over a hundred percent increase and '17 and I said this two
years ago, '17 is going to be the bad year. It's going to be catastrophic.
Frankly, we could sit back and it was a thought from a political standpoint, but
it wouldn't be fair to the people.

We could sit back and wait and watch and criticize and we could be a Chuck
Schumer and sit back and criticize it and people would come, they would come,
begging to us please, we have to do something about Obamacare. We don't wanna
own it, we don't wanna own it politically. They own it right now.

So the easiest thing would be to let it implode in '17 and believe me, we'd get
pretty much whatever we wanted, but it would take a long time. We're going to be
submitting, as soon as our secretary's approved, almost simultaneously, shortly
thereafter, a plan.

It'll be repeal and replace. It will be essentially, simultaneously. It will be
various segments, you understand, but will most likely be on the same day or the
same week, but probably, the same day, could be the same hour.

So we're gonna do repeal and replace, very complicated stuff. And we're gonna
get a health bill passed, we're gonna get health care taken care of in this
country. You have deductibles that are so high, that after people go broke
paying their premiums which are going through the roof, the health care can't
even be used by them because their deductibles bills are so high.

Obamacare is the Democrats problem. We are gonna take the problem off the
shelves for them. We're doing them a tremendous service by doing it. We could
sit back and let them hang with it. We are doing the Democrats a great service.

So as soon as our secretary is approved and gets into the office, we'll be
filing a plan. And it was actually, pretty accurately reported today, The New
York Times. And the plan will be repeal and replace Obamacare.

We're going to have a health care that is far less expensive and far better. OK.

(CROSSTALK)

QUESTION: President-elect, can we just ask you - sir, sir...

QUESTION: President-elect Trump...

(CROSSTALK)

QUESTION: Mr. President - which one?

TRUMP: I was going right here.

(CROSSTALK)

QUESTION: President-elect Trump, Jon Steinberg (ph) from Cheddar. When you look
at all the meetings that you've had with Carrier, SoftBank and Alibaba, do you
conceive of making this a program, maybe sitting inside of commerce?

And then my follow-up question to that, is how soon will we see the program on
capital repatriation and corporate tax cuts?

TRUMP: Well, if I can save jobs, for instance I was doing individual companies
and people said well, that's only one company, like we did a good job with
Carrier. And I wanna thank United Technologies which owns Carrier, but we saved
close to a thousand jobs.

And they were gone and Mike Pence and his staff really helped us, a lot. But
those were - that was a tough one because they announced a year and a half
before that they were leaving so it's always tough when they're building a plan,
just a little tougher than before they start or before they make an
announcement.TRUMP: So I wanna thank United Technologies. But we've been meeting
with a lot of companies. But what really is happening, is the word is now out,
that when you want to move your plant to Mexico or some other place, and you
want to fire all of your workers from Michigan and Ohio and all these places
that I won, for good reason, it's not going to happen that way anymore.

You want to move your plant and you think, as an example, you're going to build
that plant in Mexico and you're going to make your air conditioners or your cars
or whatever you're making, and you're going to sell it through what will be a
very, very strong border - not a weak border like it is - we don't even have a
border. It's an open sieve.

But you're going to sell through a very strong border - not going to happen.
You're going to pay a very large border tax. So if you want to move to another
country and if you want to fire all of our great American workers that got you
there in the first place, you can move from Michigan to Tennessee and to North
Carolina and South Carolina. You can move from South Carolina back to Michigan.

You can do anywhere - you've got a lot of states at play; a lot of competition.
So it's not like, oh, gee, I'm taking the competition away. You've got a lot of
places you can move. And I don't care, as along as it's within the United
States, the borders of the United States.

There will be a major border tax on these companies that are leaving and getting
away with murder. And if our politicians had what it takes, they would have done
this years ago. And you'd have millions more workers right now in the United
States that are - 96 million really wanting a job and they can't get. You know
that story. The real number - that's the real number.

So, that's the way it is. OK. Go ahead.

QUESTION: President-elect, I have a question about the Supreme Court and border
security. But I also wanted to ask you about something you said on Twitter this
morning. Are we living in Nazi Germany? What were you driving at there? Do you
have a problem with the intelligence community?

And on the Supreme Court, what's your timeline? You said a while ago you were
down to four. Have you conducted those interviews yet? What's your timeline for
nominating?

And on the border fence, it now appears clear U.S. taxpayers will have to pay
for it up front. What is your plan to...

TRUMP: That's not clear at all. OK.

(CROSSTALK)

QUESTION: ... to get Mexico to pay for it?

TRUMP: I've got it. Do you have any more?

(LAUGHTER)

On the fence - it's not a fence. It's a wall. You just misreported it. We're
going to build a wall. I could wait about a year-and-a-half until we finish our
negotiations with Mexico, which will start immediately after we get to office,
but I don't want to wait. Mike Pence is leading an effort to get final approvals
through various agencies and through Congress for the wall to begin.

I don't feel like waiting a year or a year-and-a-half. We're going to start
building. Mexico in some form, and there are many different forms, will
reimburse us and they will reimburse us for the cost of the wall. That will
happen, whether it's a tax or whether it's a payment - probably less likely that
it's a payment. But it will happen.

So, remember this, OK? I would say we are going to build a wall and people would
go crazy. I would then say, who is going to pay for the wall? And people would
all scream out - 25,000, 30,000 people, because nobody has ever had crowds like
Trump has had. You know that. You don't like to report that, but that's OK.

OK, now he agrees. Finally, he agrees.

But I say who is going to pay for the wall? And they will scream out, "Mexico."

Now, reports went out last week - oh, Mexico is not going to pay for the wall
because of a reimbursement. What's the difference? I want to get the wall
started. I don't want to wait a year-and-a-half until I make my deal with
Mexico. And we probably will have a deal sooner than that.

And by the way, Mexico has been so nice, so nice. I respect the government of
Mexico. I respect the people of Mexico. I love the people of Mexico. I have many
people from Mexico working for me. They're phenomenal people.

The government of Mexico is terrific. I don't blame them for what's happened. I
don't blame them for taking advantage of the United States. I wish our
politicians were so smart. Mexico has taken advantage of the United States. I
don't blame the representatives and various presidents, et cetera, of Mexico.
What I say is we shouldn't have allowed that to happen. It's not going to happen
anymore.

So, in order to get the wall started, Mexico will pay for the wall, but it will
be reimbursed. OK?

Supreme Court judge. So, as you know, I have a list of 20. I've gone through
them. We've met with numerous candidates. They're outstanding in every case.
They were largely recommended and highly recommended by Federalist Society. Jim
DeMint was also very much involved, and his group, which is fantastic, and he's
a fantastic guy.TRUMP: So between Leo and Jim DeMint and some senators and some
congresspeople, we have a great group of people. I'll be making the decision on
who we will put up for justice of the United States Supreme Court, a replacement
for the great, great Justice Scalia. That will be probably within two weeks of
the 20th. So within about two weeks, probably the second week. I consider the
first day because we'll also be doing some - some pretty good signings and I
think what we'll do is we'll wait until Monday.

That will be our really first business day as opposed to doing it on Friday,
because on Friday, people are going to have a very good time at the
inauguration, and then Saturday, as you know, we're having a big church service
and lots of good things are happening. So our first day - and you'll all be
invited to the signings, but we'll be doing some pretty good signings on Monday
and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday, and then also the next week.
And you're all invited.

But on the Supreme Court, I'll be making that decision, and it will be a
decision which I very strongly believe in. I think it's one of the reasons I got
elected. I think the people of this country did not want to see what was
happening with the Supreme Court, so I think it was a very, very big decision as
to why I was elected.

QUESTION: The tweet that you had this morning about are we living in Nazi
Germany, what were you driving at there? What are you trying to tell the
American public?

TRUMP: I think it was disgraceful - disgraceful that the intelligence agencies
allowed any information that turned out to be so false and fake out. I think
it's a disgrace, and I say that - and I say that, and that's something that Nazi
Germany would have done and did do. I think it's a disgrace that information
that was false and fake and never happened got released to the public.

As far as Buzzfeed, which is a failing pile of garbage, writing it, I think
they're going to suffer the consequences. They already are. And as far as CNN
going out of their way to build it up - and by the way, we just found out I was
coming down. Michael Cohen - I was being - Michael Cohen is a very talented
lawyer. He's a good lawyer in my firm. It was just reported that it wasn't this
Michael Cohen they we're talking about. So all night long it's Michael Cohen.

I said, "I want to see your passport." He brings his passport to my office. I
say, hey, wait a minute. He didn't leave the country. He wasn't out of the
country. They had Michael Cohen of the Trump Organization was in Prague. It
turned out to be a different Michael Cohen. It's a disgrace what took place.
It's a disgrace and I think they ought to apologize to start with Michael Cohen.

QUESTION: Since you're attacking us, can you give us a question? Mr.
President-elect -

TRUMP: Go ahead.

QUESTION: Mr. President-elect, since you are attacking our news organization...

TRUMP: Not you.

QUESTION: Can you give us a chance?

TRUMP: Your organization is terrible.

QUESTION: You are attacking our news organization, can you give us a chance to
ask a question, sir? Sir, can you...

TRUMP: Quiet.

QUESTION: Mr. President-elect, can you say...

TRUMP: He's asking a question, don't be rude. Don't be rude.

QUESTION: Can you give us a question since you're attacking us? Can you give us
a question?

TRUMP: Don't be rude. No, I'm not going to give you a question. I'm not going to
give you a question.

QUESTION: Can you state...

TRUMP: You are fake news. Go ahead.

QUESTION: Sir, can you state categorically that nobody - no, Mr.
President-elect, that's not appropriate.

TRUMP: Go ahead.

(APPLAUSE)

QUESTION: Do you think President Obama went too far with the sanctions he put on
Russia after the hacking?

TRUMP: I don't think he went too far. No.

QUESTION: Will you roll them back? What do you think of Lindsey Graham's plan to
send you a bill for...

TRUMP: Plans to send me a bill for what?

QUESTION: Tougher sanctions.

TRUMP: I hadn't heard Lindsey Graham was going to do that. Lindsey Graham. I've
been competing with him for a long time. He is going to crack that one percent
barrier one day. I didn't realize Lindsey Graham still had it. That's all right.
I think Lindsey Graham is a nice guy. I've heard that he is a nice guy and I've
been hearing it.

Go ahead. Go ahead. You've been waiting.

QUESTION: As far as we understand, the intelligence community...

TRUMP: Stand up.

QUESTION: From BBC news. Ian Pannell from BBC news.

TRUMP: BBC news. That's another beauty.

QUESTION: Thank you. Thank you.

As far as we understand it, the intelligence community are still looking at
these allegations, this false news, as you describe it. If they come back with
any kind of conclusion that any of it stands up, that any of it is true, will
you consider your position...

TRUMP: There's nothing they could come back with.

QUESTION: Can you...

TRUMP: Go ahead.

QUESTION: (inaudible) published fake news and all the problems that we've seen
throughout the media over the course of the election, what reforms do you
recommend for this industry here?

TRUMP: Well, I don't recommend reforms. I recommend people that are - that have
some moral compass.

You know, I've been hearing more and more about a thing called fake news and
they're talking about people that go and say all sorts of things. But I will
tell you, some of the media outlets that I deal with are fake news more so than
anybody. I could name them, but I won't bother, but you have a few sitting right
in front of us. They're very, very dishonest people, but I think it's just
something we're going to have to live with.TRUMP: I guess the advantage I have
is that I can speak back. When it happens to somebody that doesn't have this -
doesn't have that kind of a megaphone, they can't speak back. It's a very sad
thing. I've seen people destroyed. I've seen people absolutely destroyed. And I
think it's very unfair. So, all I can ask for is honest reporters.

Yes?

(CROSSTALK)

QUESTION: I just wanted to follow up on the questions about the U.S.
intelligence community. And be very clear about what you're saying. Do you trust
your U.S. intelligence officials? And what do you say to foreign policy experts
who say you're actually weakening national security by waging this war of words
against that community?

TRUMP: Intelligence agencies are vital and very, very important. We are going to
be putting in, as you know, Mr. Pompeo and others, you know the Senator Dan
Coats. We're going to be putting in some outstanding people. Within 90 days,
they're going to be coming back to me with a major report on hacking.

I want them to cover this situation. I also want them, however, to cover, maybe
most importantly - because we're hacked by everybody - you know, the United
States, our government out of a list of 17 in terms of industries is the worst,
it's number 17, in terms of protection.

If you look at the retail industry, if you look at the banking industry, various
industries, out of 17 industries - they put this in the category of an industry
- the United States is last in terms of protecting, let's say, hacking defense.
Like we had a great hacking defense at the Republican National Committee.

That's why we weren't hacked. By the way, we were told that they were trying to
hack us, but they weren't able to hack. And I think I get some credit because I
told Reince, and Reince did a phenomenal job, but I said I want strong hacking
defense.

The Democratic National Committee didn't do that. Maybe that's why the country
runs so badly that way. But I will tell you - wait - wait - wait, let me finish.
Within 90 days, we will be coming up with a major report on hacking defense, how
do we stop this new phenomena - fairly new phenomena because the United States
is hacked by everybody.

That includes Russia and China and everybody - everybody. OK.

(CROSSTALK)

TRUMP: Go ahead - go ahead.

QUESTION: Mr. President-elect, you said, just now, that you believe Russia
indeed was responsible for the hacking of the DNC and Jon Podesta's e-mails, et
cetera.

TRUMP: All right, but you know what, it could have been others also.

QUESTION: But why did you spend weeks undermining U.S. intelligence community
before simply getting the facts and then making a public statement?

TRUMP: Well, I think it's pretty sad when intelligence reports get leaked out to
the press. I think it's pretty sad. First of all, it's illegal. You know, these
are - these are classified and certified meetings and reports.

I'll tell you what does happen. I have many meetings with intelligence. And
every time I meet, people are reading about it. Somebody's leaking it out. So,
there's - maybe it's my office. Maybe in my office because I have a lot of
people, a lot of great people. Maybe it's them. And what I did is I said I won't
tell anybody. I'm going to have a meeting and I won't tell anybody about my
meeting with intelligence.

And what happened is I had my meeting. Nobody knew, not even Rhona, my executive
assistant for years, she didn't know - I didn't tell her. Nobody knew. The
meeting was had, the meeting was over, they left. And immediately the word got
out that I had a meeting.

So, I don't want that - I don't want that. It's very unfair to the country. It's
very unfair to our country; what's happened. That report should have never -
first of all, it shouldn't have been printed because it's not worth the paper
it's written on. And I thank the New York Times for saying that.

I thank a lot of different people for saying that. But, I will tell you, that
should never, ever happen. OK.

(CROSSTALK)

QUESTION: Thank you, Mr. President-elect, can you stand here today, once and for
all and say that no one connected to you or your campaign had any contact with
Russia leading up to or during the presidential campaign. And if you do indeed
believe that Russia was behind the hacking, what is your message to Vladimir
Putin right now?

TRUMP: He shouldn't be doing it. He won't be doing it. Russia will have much
greater respect for our country when I'm leading than when other people have led
it. You will see that. Russia will respect our country more. He shouldn't have
done it. I don't believe that he will be doing it more now.

We have to work something out, but it's not just Russia. Take a look at what's
happened. You don't report it the same way; 22 million accounts were hacked in
this country by China. And that's because we have no defense. That's because
we're run by people that don't know what they're doing.TRUMP: Russia will have
far greater respect for our country when I'm leading it and I believe and I hope
- maybe it won't happen, it's possible. But I won't be giving (ph) a little
reset button like Hillary. Here, press this piece of plastic. A guy looked at
her like what is she doing? There's no reset button. We're either going to get
along or we're not. I hope we get along, but if we don't, that's possible too.

But Russia and other countries - and other countries, including China, which has
taken total advantage of us economically, totally advantage of us in the South
China Sea by building their massive fortress, total. Russia, China, Japan,
Mexico, all countries will respect us far more, far more than they do under past
administrations.

I want to thank everybody. So this is all - just so you understand, these papers
- because I'm not sure that was explained properly. But these papers are all
just a piece of the many, many companies that are being put into trust to be run
by my two sons that I hope at the end of eight years, I'll come back and say,
oh, you did a good job. Otherwise, if they do a bad job, I'll say, "You're
fired."

Good-bye, everybody. Good-bye.

END

Follow The New York Times's politics and Washington coverage on Facebook and
Twitter, and sign up for the First Draft politics newsletter.

Related Articles


     ·    Trump Says 'I Think It Was Russia' That Hacked the Democrats


LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Text

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2017 The New York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              301 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 24, 2016 Monday

Washington: Speech Code of the Month: DePauw University

LENGTH: 826  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Foundation for Individual Rights in Education has issued the
following news release:



 FIRE announces its Speech Code of the Month for October 2016: DePauw University
in Indiana.



 DePauw's Acceptable Use and Electronic Communications Policy provides, in
relevant part:





     Electronic communication facilities shall not be used to access or transmit
electronic communication which promote or contain offensive, unlawful or
inappropriate content, including, but not limited to content that is slanderous,
defamatory, harassing, vulgar, threatening, intimidating, offensive, or that
promotes hate or violence; or which is racially inflammatory or inappropriate;
or which is pornographic, or sexually offensive; or which consists of offensive
comments based on gender, or any other content that denigrates or demeans
persons on the basis of race, age, gender, national origin, disability,
religion, sexual orientation or any basis protected by law. This prohibition
shall not apply to educational and professional work that requires such access
or transmission.



 Even with the disclaimer about educational use, this is an exceedingly broad
and restrictive policy that leaves students and faculty vulnerable to punishment
for a wide range of expression that, off campus, would be protected by the First
Amendment. Although DePauw is private, the university's statement on "Student
Rights, Responsibilities and Freedoms" provides that "free inquiry and free
expression are imperative" to the university's mission--a statement wholly at
odds with the university's extreme restrictions on electronic expression.



 I recently gave a guest lecture to a class at the University of Northern
Colorado about technology and free speech, and in preparing my lecture, I was
reminded of the many cases FIRE has had involving students and faculty punished
for their online expression.



 There was Colorado State University - Pueblo professor Tim McGettigan, who was
punished after sending an email to student and faculty listservs notifying them
of an upcoming demonstration against planned employee layoffs. In his email, he
metaphorically compared those planned layoffs to the Ludlow massacre, a 1914
attack on striking Colorado miners and their families--a comparison the
university declared to be somehow threatening.



 There was Colorado College student Thaddeus Pryor, who was suspended for two
years for a six-word comment, intended as a joke, that he made on social media.
In November 2015, Pryor responded to the comment "#blackwomenmatter" on Yik Yak
by writing, "They matter, they're just not hot." Colorado College found that
Pryor's post violated its policies and suspended him from the college until
August 28, 2017.



 There was Syracuse University law student Len Audaer, who ran a satirical
blog--modeled after The Onion--making fun of life at Syracuse's law school. The
blog included obviously fake quotes from students and faculty, plus a disclaimer
that "no actual news stories appear on this site." Nevertheless, he was charged
with harassment and threatened with expulsion.



 These are just a few in a long line of FIRE cases involving students and
faculty punished for online expression. With this in mind, let's take a closer
look at DePauw's policy on electronic communications.



 The policy prohibits using the university's networks to transmit or even access
material that--by some undefined, subjective standard--is "offensive" or
"inappropriate." These terms are so broad that they could mean anything the
administration decides they mean, leaving all controversial or unpopular
expression subject to potential discipline. The policy also prohibits
communications that are "racially inflammatory" or that "denigrate" or "demean"
anyone on the basis of a protected characteristic. These provisions could be
used to silence expressions of opinion on political and social issues. Consider,
for example, the fact that DePaul University (not to be confused with the
similarly named DePauw) just banned its College Republicans from posting
pro-life "Unborn Lives Matter" posters on the grounds that doing so "provokes
the Black Lives Matter movement."



 DePauw's policy on electronic communications is wholly inconsistent with the
free speech rights it promises to its students and faculty. For this reason, it
is our October 2016 Speech Code of the Month.



 If you believe that your college's or university's policy should be a Speech
Code of the Month, please email speechcodes@thefire.org with a link to the
policy and a brief description of why you think attention should be drawn to
this code. If you are a current college student or faculty member interested in
free speech, consider joining the FIRE Student Network, a coalition of college
faculty members and students dedicated to advancing individual liberties on
their campuses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              302 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 24, 2016 Monday

Washington: Speech Code of the Month: DePauw University

LENGTH: 826  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Foundation for Individual Rights in Education has issued the
following news release:



 FIRE announces its Speech Code of the Month for October 2016: DePauw University
in Indiana.



 DePauw's Acceptable Use and Electronic Communications Policy provides, in
relevant part:





     Electronic communication facilities shall not be used to access or transmit
electronic communication which promote or contain offensive, unlawful or
inappropriate content, including, but not limited to content that is slanderous,
defamatory, harassing, vulgar, threatening, intimidating, offensive, or that
promotes hate or violence; or which is racially inflammatory or inappropriate;
or which is pornographic, or sexually offensive; or which consists of offensive
comments based on gender, or any other content that denigrates or demeans
persons on the basis of race, age, gender, national origin, disability,
religion, sexual orientation or any basis protected by law. This prohibition
shall not apply to educational and professional work that requires such access
or transmission.



 Even with the disclaimer about educational use, this is an exceedingly broad
and restrictive policy that leaves students and faculty vulnerable to punishment
for a wide range of expression that, off campus, would be protected by the First
Amendment. Although DePauw is private, the university's statement on "Student
Rights, Responsibilities and Freedoms" provides that "free inquiry and free
expression are imperative" to the university's mission--a statement wholly at
odds with the university's extreme restrictions on electronic expression.



 I recently gave a guest lecture to a class at the University of Northern
Colorado about technology and free speech, and in preparing my lecture, I was
reminded of the many cases FIRE has had involving students and faculty punished
for their online expression.



 There was Colorado State University - Pueblo professor Tim McGettigan, who was
punished after sending an email to student and faculty listservs notifying them
of an upcoming demonstration against planned employee layoffs. In his email, he
metaphorically compared those planned layoffs to the Ludlow massacre, a 1914
attack on striking Colorado miners and their families--a comparison the
university declared to be somehow threatening.



 There was Colorado College student Thaddeus Pryor, who was suspended for two
years for a six-word comment, intended as a joke, that he made on social media.
In November 2015, Pryor responded to the comment "#blackwomenmatter" on Yik Yak
by writing, "They matter, they're just not hot." Colorado College found that
Pryor's post violated its policies and suspended him from the college until
August 28, 2017.



 There was Syracuse University law student Len Audaer, who ran a satirical
blog--modeled after The Onion--making fun of life at Syracuse's law school. The
blog included obviously fake quotes from students and faculty, plus a disclaimer
that "no actual news stories appear on this site." Nevertheless, he was charged
with harassment and threatened with expulsion.



 These are just a few in a long line of FIRE cases involving students and
faculty punished for online expression. With this in mind, let's take a closer
look at DePauw's policy on electronic communications.



 The policy prohibits using the university's networks to transmit or even access
material that--by some undefined, subjective standard--is "offensive" or
"inappropriate." These terms are so broad that they could mean anything the
administration decides they mean, leaving all controversial or unpopular
expression subject to potential discipline. The policy also prohibits
communications that are "racially inflammatory" or that "denigrate" or "demean"
anyone on the basis of a protected characteristic. These provisions could be
used to silence expressions of opinion on political and social issues. Consider,
for example, the fact that DePaul University (not to be confused with the
similarly named DePauw) just banned its College Republicans from posting
pro-life "Unborn Lives Matter" posters on the grounds that doing so "provokes
the Black Lives Matter movement."



 DePauw's policy on electronic communications is wholly inconsistent with the
free speech rights it promises to its students and faculty. For this reason, it
is our October 2016 Speech Code of the Month.



 If you believe that your college's or university's policy should be a Speech
Code of the Month, please email speechcodes@thefire.org with a link to the
policy and a brief description of why you think attention should be drawn to
this code. If you are a current college student or faculty member interested in
free speech, consider joining the FIRE Student Network, a coalition of college
faculty members and students dedicated to advancing individual liberties on
their campuses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              303 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 22, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Speech Code of the Month: DePauw University

LENGTH: 796  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Foundation for Individual Rights in Education has issued the
following news release:



     Electronic communication facilities shall not be used to access or transmit
electronic communication which promote or contain offensive, unlawful or
inappropriate content, including, but not limited to content that is slanderous,
defamatory, harassing, vulgar, threatening, intimidating, offensive, or that
promotes hate or violence; or which is racially inflammatory or inappropriate;
or which is pornographic, or sexually offensive; or which consists of offensive
comments based on gender, or any other content that denigrates or demeans
persons on the basis of race, age, gender, national origin, disability,
religion, sexual orientation or any basis protected by law. This prohibition
shall not apply to educational and professional work that requires such access
or transmission.





 Even with the disclaimer about educational use, this is an exceedingly broad
and restrictive policy that leaves students and faculty vulnerable to punishment
for a wide range of expression that, off campus, would be protected by the First
Amendment. Although DePauw is private, the university's statement on "Student
Rights, Responsibilities and Freedoms" provides that "free inquiry and free
expression are imperative" to the university's mission--a statement wholly at
odds with the university's extreme restrictions on electronic expression.



 I recently gave a guest lecture to a class at the University of Northern
Colorado about technology and free speech, and in preparing my lecture, I was
reminded of the many cases FIRE has had involving students and faculty punished
for their online expression.



 There was Colorado State University - Pueblo professor Tim McGettigan, who was
punished after sending an email to student and faculty listservs notifying them
of an upcoming demonstration against planned employee layoffs. In his email, he
metaphorically compared those planned layoffs to the Ludlow massacre, a 1914
attack on striking Colorado miners and their families--a comparison the
university declared to be somehow threatening.



 There was Colorado College student Thaddeus Pryor, who was suspended for two
years for a six-word comment, intended as a joke, that he made on social media.
In November 2015, Pryor responded to the comment "#blackwomenmatter" on Yik Yak
by writing, "They matter, they're just not hot." Colorado College found that
Pryor's post violated its policies and suspended him from the college until
August 28, 2017.



 There was Syracuse University law student Len Audaer, who ran a satirical
blog--modeled after The Onion--making fun of life at Syracuse's law school. The
blog included obviously fake quotes from students and faculty, plus a disclaimer
that "no actual news stories appear on this site." Nevertheless, he was charged
with harassment and threatened with expulsion.



 These are just a few in a long line of FIRE cases involving students and
faculty punished for online expression. With this in mind, let's take a closer
look at DePauw's policy on electronic communications.



 The policy prohibits using the university's networks to transmit or even access
material that--by some undefined, subjective standard--is "offensive" or
"inappropriate." These terms are so broad that they could mean anything the
administration decides they mean, leaving all controversial or unpopular
expression subject to potential discipline. The policy also prohibits
communications that are "racially inflammatory" or that "denigrate" or "demean"
anyone on the basis of a protected characteristic. These provisions could be
used to silence expressions of opinion on political and social issues. Consider,
for example, the fact that DePaul University (not to be confused with the
similarly named DePauw) just banned its College Republicans from posting
pro-life "Unborn Lives Matter" posters on the grounds that doing so "provokes
the Black Lives Matter movement."



 DePauw's policy on electronic communications is wholly inconsistent with the
free speech rights it promises to its students and faculty. For this reason, it
is our October 2016 Speech Code of the Month.



 If you believe that your college's or university's policy should be a Speech
Code of the Month, please email speechcodes@thefire.org with a link to the
policy and a brief description of why you think attention should be drawn to
this code. If you are a current college student or faculty member interested in
free speech, consider joining the FIRE Student Network, a coalition of college
faculty members and students dedicated to advancing individual liberties on
their campuses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              304 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                     March 7, 1996, Thursday, METRO EDITION

Sketch of female cartoonists lacks color

BYLINE: By Henry Mietkiewicz Toronto Star

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. E8

LENGTH: 537 words


   More than anything else, young Dalia Messick dreamed of becoming a
cartoonist. Here was a career that promised the fame, glamor and money she could
never hope to match as a greeting card designer in New York in the 1930s.

But there was a hitch. Whenever Messick brought samples of her artwork to the
newspaper syndicates, editors would invariably give her drawings a passing
glance and then ask her to lunch.

Undaunted, she changed her name to the more sexually ambiguous Dale and began
promoting her work exclusively by mail. Finally, in 1940, Messick's dream came
true with the debut of Brenda Starr, Reporter, the hit comic strip that she
continued to plot and pencil until 1983.

With a smile and a shrug, Messick relates this story in the opening minutes of
Funny Ladies, a 1991 documentary that airs tonight at 10 on WTN and repeats at 2
a.m. and Sunday at 5 a.m.

It's a perfect example of the way female cartoonists have spent the better part
of a century being patronized, overlooked and under-represented in an industry
that's still overwhelmingly dominated by men.

Unfortunately, it's also the sort of anecdote that's in woefully short supply in
an otherwise engaging, hour-long group-portrait of Messick, Cathy Guisewite
(creator of Cathy), Nicole Hollander (Sylvia) and Lynda Barry (Ernie Pook's
Comeek).

Apparently, filmmaker Pamela Beere Briggs seems to feel that merely by granting
on-screen appearances to these cartoonists, she has satisfied her obligation to
come to grips with some of the wrongs endured by the women of the comics.

To an extent, Briggs is correct. Exposure for veterans and contemporary stars is
vitally important. Besides, we'd certainly rather watch four fully rounded
mini-profiles than a dogmatic rant about sexism.

Even so, Funny Ladies lacks heft. As amusing as it is for us to learn why
Hollander's artistic techniques are so basic and why Barry's strip contains so
much text, we'd much rather know whether they've faced any vestige of the
discriminatory attitudes that Messick encountered.

True, Briggs touches on the storm of protest that Guisewite encountered in 1988
when a character in Cathy openly campaigned for the Democratic presidential
candidate and supported his liberal views on day care.

But Briggs fails to confront Guisewite with criticism - occasionally raised by
male and female readers alike - that her strip sometimes demeans women by
portraying Cathy as overweight, weak-willed at work and henpecked by her mother
and boyfriend.

It's also surprising that, aside from displaying one comic panel for a couple of
seconds, Funny Ladies neglects For Better Or For Worse by Ontario cartoonist
Lynn Johnston.

Admittedly, For Better Or For Worse's focus on a middle-class family lacks the
alternative edge of Ernie Pook or the sarcastic sneer of Sylvia. Still, the
strip has reaped numerous awards and touched tens of millions of fans with its
realistic humor and sensitive exploration of the joys and traumas of daily life.

How much stronger Funny Ladies might have been if Briggs had made an effort to
recognize that Johnston has achieved what female cartoonists have craved since
Dale Messick picked up her first pencil.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing: FUNNY LADIES: Film maker fails to confront Cathy Guisewite
with criticism that her strip sometimes demeans women by portraying Cathy as
overweight and weak-willed, TV critic Henry Mietkiewicz says.

                  Copyright 1996 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              305 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             The Observer (London)

                       March 30, 2015 Monday 9:09 AM GMT

Amanda Knox supporters: 'The world decided to despise, denigrate and demean a
kid';
Seattle-based supporters of the 27-year-old reacted to the news that her muder
conviction had been annulled with joy, believing the decision to be long overdue

BYLINE: Nicky Woolf in Seattle

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 843 words


It was a tearful Amanda Knox, flanked by her family and new fiance, who stepped
out on her mother's porch to announce she was "still absorbing the present
moment, which is full of joy".

The 27-year-old said she was "grateful to have my life back" after a
labyrinthine court battle in which she was convicted, imprisoned, acquitted and
then convicted again.

Asked what she would say to the Kercher family, she answered: "Meredith was my
friend. She deserved so much in this life. I'm the lucky one."

At nearby Salty's, a West Seattle seafood bar, a group of supporters agreed with
her. They had been nervously awaiting the verdict for hours. Several fortifying
themselves with wine, one with a pint glass of margarita. This disparate group
of believers, some of whom have stood with Knox from almost the very beginning
of her ordeal, had barely allowed themselves a glimmer of hope that the decision
would go this way after eight years of legal twists and turns.

When the announcement finally came, their joy was unconfined. They jumped to
their feet, whooping and enveloping each other in bear hugs of triumph.

Salty's, which overlooks downtown Seattle across the wide waters of Puget Sound,
has strong Knox family links. One of her sisters, Deanna, worked here; the
owner's children went to school with Amanda, and the family are regulars.

It was here that the campaign began, when two locals, Al Semple and Julie
Rogers, held the first fundraiser for a legal fund after she was imprisoned in
2009. Semple was at Salty's to hear the ruling. He jumped from his seat and
punched the air in triumph when it was announced. "Thank God it's over," he
said, grinning. There was cheering from the restaurant and, somewhere inland,
fireworks exploded.

Her innocence was never in doubt here. "The Knoxes are west Seattleites, we have
a lot of love for them," said Chris Darst, manager of Salty's. "Knowing the
family as long as we have - we're very happy for her."

Charlie Harger, a presenter with Seattle radio station Komo 1000, said listeners
who called in - as well as people on the street - felt "an overwhelming sense of
relief".

"People here for years have believed in Knox's innocence," he said, "and this is
certainly what people in Seattle were hoping to hear today." Knox supporters are
a cohesive group, intimately familiar with events and characters in Perugia, and
the detailed operations of Italian courts. Sitting waiting for the result -
which was delayed by several hours as the judges deliberated - they swapped
jokes about the Italian prosecutors in the case and their "eggshell-fragile"
egos.

The decision may also bring to an end an online trolling battle, in which Knox
supporters have locked horns with those convinced of her guilt - many of them
from the UK. Knox's supporters say they have been harassed online, and sometimes
in person, for professing a belief in her innocence. "The nastiness, the
vitriol, the ignorant, logic-resistant, fact-averse bile heaped upon a
20-year-old college student was simply stunning," said Bob Owen, from Long
Beach, California. Owen is on the board of the Injustice Anywhere forums, which
grew out of the campaign Injustice in Perugia. "For many, it had become simply
fun to pop open a comment prompt and let fly with whatever nastiness came to
mind. They had come to draw such entertainment value from excoriating Knox that
the thought she might be innocent was actually upsetting to them," he said.

"It was as though the whole world had given itself permission to despise,
belittle, denigrate and demean a kid who, quite frankly, reminded me very much
of my own college-aged children."

Colleen Conway, another supporter at Salty's, said there was a difference
between the "organised haters" and the "haters-at-large". "The organised haters
- those with the websites - have a variety of pathological motivations, while
the haters-at-large - those who spew random venom - are filled with rage toward
women," she said.

But yesterday, underneath the story of Knox's acquittal in the Seattle Times,
the comments were mainly from people decrying the Italian justice system that
pursued "innocent American citizens" and calling for a boycott of tourist travel
there.

In a statement Knox singled out those who had believed in her for special
thanks. "Throughout this ordeal I have received invaluable support from family,
friends, and strangers. To them, I say: Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
Your kindness has sustained me." Her family said they were "grateful beyond
measure" for the support Knox had received.

"We want to express our profound gratitude to all of those who have supported
Amanda and our family," the statement continued. "Countless people - from
world-renowned DNA experts, to former FBI agents, to everyday citizens committed
to justice - have spoken about her innocence.

As jubilant supporters continued their celebrations in Seattle, one spotted a
bald eagle soaring over Puget Sound, out beyond the terrace. "That," said one of
them later, "was a sign from the universe saying 'Amanda you're free!'"

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBONS


                   Copyright 2015 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              306 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                 December 13, 1995, Wednesday, JOURNAL EDITION

Letters;
Let each Internet user decide what is indecent

BYLINE: SHAWN CONNELLY; Roswell

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. 19A

LENGTH: 851 words


The Editors: Senate and House conferees are considering ways to protect children
from inappropriate material on the Internet. A vote for either the House or
Senate proposals will result in the destruction of the Internet as a viable
medium for free expression, education and commerce.

Libraries will not be able to put their entire book collections online. Everyday
people like me will risk massive fines and prison sentences for public
discussions that someone, somewhere might consider indecent.

This legislation is inherently unconstitutional and will be declared as such,
but only after the waste of taxpayer dollars. It makes no sense to pass a law
that can't be enforced, won't have the desired effect and will be nullified only
after much expense.

There are other, less restrictive ways to protect children from objectionable
material online. There is software that can be installed by parents to filter
objectionable material. This solution is the ultimate in enforcing local
standards, as each individual is responsible for determining what is indecent
and what is not.

This is an important election issue to me.
Bosnian lunacy
STEPHEN D. LEONARD, Atlanta

The Editors: It is appalling that President Bill Clinton is sending young
Americans to die in Bosnia. Be they draftees or volunteers, our soldiers have
the right to know we will only ask them to give their lives if our national
survival or way of life depend on it.

Clinton was absolutely right in the 1960s. President Lyndon Johnson's decision
to send young Americans to die in Southeast Asia was unconscionable. There was
no chance that escalation in Vietnam would benefit our country in any way.

After three years in office, Clinton still knows virtually nothing about
military operations. Once again, we're going to slaughter young Americans to
stroke the ego and try to enhance the election chances of a president too
unprincipled to care.

How many will have to die before the country demands that we end this lunacy?

A great course
SUE E. LAKE, Kennesaw

The Editors: Media coverage given to the charges against Rep. Newt Gingrich is
ludicrous. He is being tried in the court of public opinion before the facts are
found. If the independent counsel really wants to know whether Gingrich's
college course was more political than educational, talk to students who took
the class.

Giving students the belief that they can make a positive difference in the
direction of this country and giving them historical examples on how it can be
done makes Newt Gingrich's college class one of the most educational and
inspirational courses ever taught.

Costly mission
PAUL COVERDELL, Washington, D.C.

The Editors: Regarding Martha Ezzard's failed attempt to characterize my
position on Bosnia in her recent column titled "There are no cheeseburgers for
GIs in Tuzla," the points I have made repeatedly are straightforward.

President Clinton has made a unilateral decision without consulting the
Congress. Further, the president has yet to convince the American people, who
overwhelmingly oppose sending American troops.

To me, it is disturbing that our forces and Treasury shoulder a disproportionate
share of the responsibility. This is a regional European civil war, and while we
should support NATO, Europe should bear the principal responsibility in Bosnia.
NATO should not define what constitutes a proper U.S. role.

The cost of the mission ultimately could approach $ 8 billion, draining
resources necessary for maintaining military readiness for broad conflicts that
clearly risk our national security. The president has yet to offer any
reasonable strategy allowing us to leave at the end of his arbitrary one-year
time frame.

This is serious business. We may be generating another Vietnam or Afghanistan.
For Ezzard to equate any rationale to soldiers pining for cheeseburgers demeans
our forces and demeans her column.

Coverdell is a U.S. senator from Georgia.
Corrupt SEC
W. KEITH WATKINS, Atlanta

The Editors: Sports writer Mark Bradley asks what could be more democratic and
make greater sense than the SEC's championship game. The answer is the ACC's
round-robin schedule where every team plays every other team. The SEC is
notorious for members not playing each other. The ACC crowns a true champion,
while the SEC crowns a gimmick champion.

Rather than continuing to laud the SEC, Mark Bradley should censure the league
for its nonstop corruption. Collective punishment such as a leaguewide probation
might get the SEC to clean up its act.

Taxing remarks
JOHN HILAND, Woodstock

The Editors: In Maria Saporta's business column "Business leaders set goals for
next legislative session," former Democratic Congressman Buddy Darden remarked,
"Why in the world would you want to pass tax cuts in a nonelection year?"

Such political thinking helps to explain why Buddy Darden is now a former
congressman. Fortunately, the voters chose to replace him with Congressman Bob
Barr, who is willing to cut taxes whenever possible. May his tribe increase.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              307 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                        July 2, 2004 Friday Home Edition

ELECTION 2004: DA raises cash for judge's foe;
Move may backfire, observers say

BYLINE: DON PLUMMER

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Metro News; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 605 words


Cobb County's district attorney has gone where few, if any, Georgia prosecutors
have been willing to venture.

District Attorney Pat Head has formed a political action committee to raise
money to unseat longtime Cobb Superior Court Judge Dorothy Robinson.

Head says he decided to take the unusual step because Robinson demeans attorneys
practicing before her, refuses to collaborate with judicial colleagues and
unnecessarily delays cases.

District attorneys from around Georgia say such a political battle is unheard
of. After all, the lawyers in Head's office will have to argue cases in
Robinson's court if she is re-elected.

"I won't say it's never happened, but I don't know when," said Ken Hodges, the
elected prosecutor in Albany.

For the most part, judicial elections in Georgia have been quiet, tame events
because of limits on what judges could say and do while campaigning.

This election, though, will be the first since the 11th U.S. Court of Appeals in
Atlanta struck down those limits and gave judges approval to personally solicit
contributions and actively campaign.

In Cobb County, the race between Robinson and Atlanta attorney William McKenney
has taken on all the earmarks of down-and-dirty politics.

First, there are allegations by Robinson's camp that McKenney has taken tainted
money.

At least one of McKenney's contributors is a convicted drug dealer, said
Kennesaw State political science professor Kerwin Swint, who is a paid political
consultant to Robinson.

William S. "Buck" Pegg, who with his wife gave McKenney $2,500 in March, pleaded
guilty in 1997 to money laundering and forfeited $46.5 million earned from a
marijuana smuggling operation he conducted with his brother, according to
federal records.

Asked about the Peggs' donations, McKenney said he represented William Pegg "in
some civil matters" but was not aware that he had a criminal record. McKenney
later said he had learned that his law partner, Jerry Froelich, represented Pegg
in the 1997 federal case.

"Now that I'm aware of it, the funds to he and his wife . . . are being returned
today," McKenney said this week. "I will not accept any money from convicted
felons. I will put felons in jail and will not accept their funding."

Then, there's the political action committee formed by Head to support McKenney
and Grant Brantley, a former Cobb judge who is challenging Supreme Court Justice
Leah Sears.

Head, running unopposed for his third four-year term, said he formed the Law
Enforcement for Justice PAC in May. So far, he's secured pledges of about
$12,000.

In addition, Tom Charron, Cobb's DA for more than 20 years before retiring in
1998, has endorsed Robinson.

Robinson says Head recruited McKenney to run against her, though Head has denied
that.

McKenney said he's running because of Robinson's lack of "judicial temperament."
His No. 1 priority if elected, McKenney said, is to "render swift justice but at
the same time not demean, belittle or abuse attorneys or their clients."

Robinson, who has defeated three other challengers since 1980, said she finds
McKenney's charges amusing because he has never tried a case in her courtroom.

"It looks purely political," Robinson said. "I don't think they can attack my
record so they seem to want to assassinate my character."

As to Head's complaints about her demeanor in court, Robinson said: "The only
problem that I've had since Mr. Head took office is that he has assigned very,
very inexperienced people to my courtroom.

"I did tell him late last year that the Robinson school for fledgling DAs is
closed."

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Dorothy Robinson; Photo: William McKenney; Graphic: ABOUT THE
JUDICIAL ELECTIONS

* Georgia is one of 31 states that elect judges. In the other states, judges are
appointed by the governor or state legislature or a judicial selection
committee.

* This year's election will be the first since the 11th U.S. Court of Appeals in
Atlanta gave judges approval to personally solicit contributions and actively
campaign.
CANDIDATE WEB SITES

* mckenneyforjudge.com

* www.cobbcounty.org/judicial/superior_admin/sca_robinson.htm; Graphic: WHAT'S A
PAC?
A political action committee is an organization formed by a corporation, labor
union or association to raise money for political activity. Funds can be
gathered by voluntary contributions from members, employees or shareholders.

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              308 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    March 22, 1986, Saturday, Final Edition

Contra Leaders Cheer Reagan's Promise to Persist;
Tacticians Plan Less Confrontational Approach for Next Week's Aid Fight in
Senate

BYLINE: By Lou Cannon, Washington Post Staff Writer; staff writers David Hoffman
and Milton Coleman contributed to this report.

SECTION: First Section; A7

LENGTH: 965 words


President Reagan told Nicaraguan rebel leaders yesterday that they are "the
future of Central America" and promised to go back to Congress "as many times as
it takes to win" approval of military assistance for their contra movement.

In a defiant speech in the East Room a day after the House rejected a $100
million aid package for the anti-Sandinista rebels, Reagan said his
administration would "spare no effort and give no ground in supporting the
democratic resistance in Nicaragua."

With a Senate vote on the aid package probable on Wednesday, the president's
message was that aid is urgently needed because the Sandinistas have been
"emboldened" by the House action to move militarily against the rebels along the
Honduran border.

"Time is of the essence," the president told 200 cheering supporters. "Every day
that passes, the freedom fighters of Nicaragua are left to face Soviet
helicopter gunships with hand-held rifles."

White House chief of staff Donald T. Regan and spokesman Larry Speakes, who last
week predicted a victory for the aid package in the House, expressed optimism
yesterday about its chances in the Republican-controlled Senate. This time,
however, there was some Democratic agreement, with Senate Minority Leader Robert
C. Byrd (D-W.Va.) predicting that Reagan "would probably get most of what he
wants in the Senate."

The administration package will contain a concession delaying three-fourths of
the aid for about 90 days, the same offer Reagan made to the House in an
unsuccessful attempt to sway swing voters. However, it would allow defensive
weapons such as antiaircraft missiles to be supplied to the contras immediately,
a proposal that could prove controversial.

Sen. Jim Sasser (D-Tenn.) called the delay, which would have been included in an
executive order if the bill had passed the House, a "fig leaf compromise" that
simply delays the aid and includes "conditions that will lead to a failure."

However, Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Richard G. Lugar (R-Ind.) said
these provisions would give Reagan a broader base of support.

Senate Democrats began work on several alternatives to the Reagan plan, and one
White House official expressed concern that "we could be killed by a thousand
amendments."

In assessing the reasons for their setback Thursday and mapping next week's
strategy in the Senate, White House officials said they would not repeat the
partisan confrontation of the House debate.

"We will not go back to the op-ed phase," said a senior White House official,
referring to a March 5 article in The Washington Post by White House
communications director Patrick J. Buchanan. The article said that in its vote
on contra aid "the Democratic Party will reveal whether it stands with Ronald
Reagan and the resistance -- or Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega and the
communists."

White House officials contend that Buchanan's article helped focus the debate
but disagree about whether it was productive in terms of votes. They agree,
however, that a repetition would backfire in the Senate, where Sen. Nancy Landon
Kassebaum (R-Kan.), a key swing vote, said that Buchanan's statements "demean
our democratic institutions and demean the presidency."

One White House strategist said yesterday that the administration would use "a
refined hammer" instead of a "sledgehammer" and "leave the sledge in the barn."

Reagan and his audience were in an emotional mood yesterday as they gathered in
the East Room to recommit themselves to supporting the contras.

The president began the session by holding aloft a button that said, "If you
like Cuba, you'll love Nicaragua." He ended it by calling on three leaders of
the Nicaraguan rebels -- Adolfo Calero, Alfonso Robelo and Arturo Cruz -- to
come and stand with him.

"I want to tell you something," Reagan said.  "We're in this together. The
future of Central America is with democracy and all those who are fighting for
freedom. You are the future of Central America."

In response, Calero held up a clenched fist and shouted, "Viva Reagan," a chant
taken up by the audience after the president finished his remarks.

In vowing that he would "never give up" his efforts to obtain military aid for
the rebels, the president said "the cause of freedom and hope and democracy
suffered a temporary setback yesterday in the House . . . . I underline
temporary. History will record yesterday's vote as wrong, tragically wrong."

Administration officials said that, beginning with his weekly radio speech
today, the president will stress the theme that the contras will be unable to
survive militarily if the aid is delayed. In private meetings with House members
last week, Oliver North, a senior member of the National Security Council staff
and liaison to the contras, argued that rejection of the package would distress
Honduras, which provides base camps for the rebel forces.

Yesterday, according to a senior White House official, U.S. diplomats privately
reassured Honduran government officials that the aid was likely to be approved
by the House next month.

Rep. Michael D. Barnes (D-Md.), an outspoken foe of the aid package, said
yesterday that the administration should use the "brief window of opportunity"
provided by the House action to renew diplomatic efforts.

But administration officials maintained there was little the United States could
do diplomatically without the aid package, which comprises $70 million in
military aid and $30 million in humanitarian assistance. Reagan's view is that
the Sandinistas will negotiate only if faced with military pressure.

As if to underscore this view, the president's special envoy to Central America,
Philip C. Habib, was in California on personal business. He is not scheduled to
return until after Easter.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, With clenched fist, Adolfo Calero, a Nicaraguan rebel leader,
cheers Reagan's "never give up" speech in East Room.

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                              309 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                   DECEMBER 16, 1999 Thursday SFCITY EDITION

LEBANESE SINGER IS CLEARED OF BLASPHEMY / MARCEL KHALIFA WAS ON TRIAL BECAUSE HE
USED KORANIC / VERSE IN SONG. HE AND ARTS FANS HAILED THE ACQUITTAL.

BYLINE: Barbara Demick, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 827 words

DATELINE: BEIRUT, Lebanon


One of Lebanon's most beloved singers, Marcel Khalifa, was acquitted yesterday
of blasphemy in a trial that many Lebanese regarded as a test case of their
nation's position as a cultural oasis in a conservative Arab world.

The top court in Beirut said that Khalifa had not intended to demean the Islamic
religion in a ballad based on the biblical story of Joseph. The lyrics to the
song include a short verse from the Koran, which Lebanon's Sunni Muslim
authorities said defied a prohibition against setting the Koran to music.

Khalifa, 49, yesterday hailed the verdict as a victory for "freedom of opinion,
culture and art."

"I'm happy that I will now represent Lebanon as an artist, not a criminal," said
Khalifa, speaking by mobile telephone from the Beirut airport, where he was
about to fly to a performance in Tunisia. If convicted, Khalifa would have faced
a sentence of three months to three years in prison.

The shaggy-haired singer is something of a Lebanese Bob Dylan, known for his
folkie style and his penchant for pan-Arabist social causes. The offending song,
"Oh My Father, I Was Joseph," is a parable for the suffering of Palestinian
refugees.

His indictment in October on charges of blasphemy and demeaning religion quickly
galvanized public opinion in Lebanon - a politically diverse nation of 3.5
million that prides itself on tolerance and freedom of expression - and
elsewhere in the Arab world.

Several young Lebanese said they had considered moving abroad as a result of
Khalifa's indictment.

"It made me so disappointed in my country," said Shadi Tooma, 29, who recently
moved back to Beirut from San Francisco to run a music shop. He said he was
shocked last month when government agents came into the store and took all
compact discs and tapes of Arabic Coffeepot, the album that contains the song.

Dozens of students demonstrated in Khalifa's support outside the Beirut
courthouse, where the written opinion was released yesterday morning.

"The issue wasn't Marcel Khalifa. This was an attack on creativity," said Amjad
El Koud, 22, an engineering major. "This was the sort of thing you would have
expected in Syria, not in Lebanon."

Nevertheless, there was a distinctly Lebanese flavor to the legal proceedings,
with the singer getting caught in the treacherous fault lines that run through
Lebanon's religiously splintered society, populated by Shiite, Sunni and Druze
Muslims and Maronite Christians. Lebanon is hardly an Islamic state - it is
ruled by civil law - but the ordinance making it a crime to demean religion
stems from fears that one faction could incite another.

The case against Khalifa was pushed by Lebanon's Sunni Muslim authority, the Dar
El Fatwa, and by the powerful Sunni mufti, Mohammed Rashid Kabbani.

Ironically, the Shiite Muslims, who are traditionally reputed to favor a more
fundamentalist line, defended Khalifa's song as innocent.

"It is a nice, respectful song set to soft music. I don't think it is
offensive," a member of Hezbollah, the Islamic resistance movement, said
yesterday, asking that he not be quoted by name.

Indeed, most listeners would be hard-pressed to describe the song as
disrespectful. Set to words by Mahmoud Darwish, a popular Palestinian poet, the
song in Arabic contains three offending lines, translated as:

Did I wrong anyone when I said that

I saw 11 stars and the sun and the moon

Saw them kneeling before me?

Khalifa's supporters suggest that the singer, a Christian though not religious,
might not have realized the lines came from the Koran, or that it was forbidden
to set Koranic verse to music. "He made a mistake. He was caught on a
technicality," said Paul Salem, a political analyst in Beirut.

The charges were first raised against Khalifa in 1996, but squelched by Rafik
Hariri, prime minister at the time and a prominent Sunni. The reopening of the
case in October coincided with a wave of other incidents of censorship.

A sculpture of Venus at an open-air art installation in a public park was moved
because it was too close to a mosque. A ballet by Maurice Bejart was deemed
offensive to Islam, and government censors ordered a scene removed.

"There are many ridiculous things happening in this country," said George
Rouhana, 50, who owns a music store in Beirut. He said that a few days ago, a
music distributor had informed him that it would no longer be supplying the
popular disc Three Tenors, with arias sung by Luciano Pavarotti, Placido Domingo
and Jose Carreras, because of the participation of conductor Zubin Mehta, an
Israeli. "If we don't have artistic freedom, what do we have in Lebanon?"

In the meantime, Rouhana is rapidly selling out of his few remaining copies of
the controversial Khalifa album. He would not allow government security to
remove the CDs and tapes, although he is now unable to get new stock. Khalifa's
sales doubled after the indictment, with as many Muslims buying as Christians.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              310 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    February 6, 1990, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Film on Bali demeans National Geographic

BYLINE: By Greg Quill Toronto Star

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. E3

LENGTH: 734 words


   Twenty-five years ago, when American networks first started airing
documentary specials produced under the auspices of the National Geographic
Society, Bali was, to all intents and purposes, beyond the lost horizon.

The tiny island on the tip of the Indonesian archipelago in the north-eastern
Pacific was almost unknown, even to the growing Indonesian empire that now touts
Bali - with the only entirely Hindu culture in this otherwise Muslim nation - as
its brightest jewel.

The effects of 20 years of vigorous tourism on the fragile lifestyle of the
gentle Balinese is the subject of American documentary producer Miriam Birch's
strangely negligent and condescending film, Bali, Masterpiece Of The Gods, on
Channel 19 at 7 tonight. As part of National Geographic's annual series for the
past few years on America's PBS, this season's second episode airs also tomorrow
at 8 p.m. on Buffalo's Channel 17.

Whispered tones

Bali, physically isolated from the Western world for centuries, is a rich and
fascinating mixture of ancient Malaysian, Polynesian, Indian, Javanese and
Chinese religious, cultural and social ideas and customs. It existed, and still
exists, as a predominantly artistic and spiritual community at odds with a world
consumed by gross materialism and cynical political idealism.

When it was "discovered" by Australian wanderers in the mid-1960s, the island
was referred to, usually in whispered tones and only to the truly attuned, as
Heaven on Earth. But by 1969, the secret was out. In that year Bali opened
itself to tourism and allowed an intercontinental jet landing strip and one
multi-level hotel to be built, which accommodated some 24,000 vistors, mostly
from Australia and New Zealand. Last year, Bali, with few additional facilities,
hosted 400,000 tourists from all over the world.

In tonight's special, we see - in brilliantly appropriate National Geographic
colors, clarity and style - what brings "civilized" people to this remote and
most exotic Indo-Pacific Utopia.

A gamelan orchestra, hammering tiny bells and gongs, accompanies masked and
costumed dancer Ketut Kantor in a ballet tribute to the island's host of
ancestral gods.

A mass cremation, considered by Balinese as a joyous, communal send-off to those
about to be reborn - even after years in graveyard limbo - is prepared in
lavish, loving detail and executed with all the noise and colorful ritual of
half a dozen better known religious ceremonies.

We pry on one of the most mysterious rites ever filmed - mass male trance - and
watch hundreds of men and boys fall into what appears to be an involuntary state
of shared hysteria, where possessing spirits are believed to steel the
participants' bodies against hair-raising attempts at suicide.

And we see the art, puppetry, weaving, mask-making, music, theatre and dance of
Bali nurtured and performed for wowsing tourists for no personal gain.
Performance fees and most of the island's craftspeople's income support
voluntary government and community programs that promote and pass these
delicate, endangered disciplines among the people.

A feast for the eyes and senses, Bali, Masterpiece Of The Gods nonetheless
demeans the journalistic principles for which National Geographic is renowned,
by making the extroardinary and insupportable claim that abundant tourism has
not eroded the strength of Bali's culture. In fact, the movie says, tourism has
helped the Balinese remain pure and ever more committed to their beliefs and
practices.

Oil company

"They do have social problems that I didn't mention," Birch admitted a few weeks
ago in Los Angeles. "One is prostitution and the other is drugs. But it's a very
small part of the population, and doesn't necessarily involve the Balinese
people themselves. These problems are imported.

"The basic culture is is place and holding."

Hogwash. The Bali we see in this special may well be a romantic memory by the
time the West has finished with it. Sponsored in the United States by the giant
Chevron oil company, whose representative in Los Angeles told me the company had
adopted a "green" policy because it advised turning down thermostats and had
spent millions financing nature documentaries.

National Geographic, at least on TV, seems to be surviving by exploiting those
vulnerable corners of the world that it once tried to protect.

View with caution.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Balinese dancertelevision; review

                  Copyright 1990 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              311 of 998 DOCUMENTS

             Metropolitan News Enterprise (Los Angeles, California)

                           January 14, 1999, Thursday

IN MY OPINION (Column) Davis Presented 'Politics of Division' in Dismissing
Concerns About Abortion

BYLINE: By RAYMOND N. HAYNES (The writer is a Republican who represents the 36th
Senate District, in Riverside.)

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 851 words


A waste of time? A waste of time? Heck, as the old saying goes, even a stopped
clock is right twice a day. Everyone's opinion counts; and, as many a defeated
politician can attest, dismissing the opinion of millions of people as a "waste
of time" is a dangerous political strategy. It is the fastest way to energize
political opposition. It is the essence of the "politics of division."

Yet, that is exactly what Gray Davis did in his inaugural speech, as he
announced that any legislation to limit the number of abortions in California
would be a "waste of time."

"To those who would limit [abortions]," he said, "Don't waste the Legislature's
time...It simply will not happen on my watch."

In an arrogant and insulting tone, he dismissed the opinions of millions of
Californians who believe that this state's current policy on abortion is a
horror, maximizing the number of abortions, and taking no steps to protect women
placed at risk by unregulated facilities and poor doctors.

Whether one agrees with the pro-life position or not, it is hard to say that the
question of abortion ought to be ignored. There are too many abortions in
California, that is beyond dispute. We spend millions of tax dollars every year
for people who have two or three or four abortions in a single year. That is a
problem that deserves a solution. Yet Governor Davis has claimed that attempts
to address the problem are a waste of time.

Encouraging strong relationships between parents and their children is an
important concern of government. Encouraging a child to consult with a parent
before that child decides to abort strengthens that relationship, and when the
government discourages that consultation, it undermines the family and hurts the
child. It is a matter that deserves serious discussion. That discussion is not a
waste of time.

U.S. Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan, a Democrat from New York, called
partial-birth abortions "close to infanticide." To claim on the one hand that it
is appropriate to kill a child while it is in the birth canal, and not
appropriate 10 to 20 seconds later when the head is delivered defies logic and
science. It is a brutal and horrible practice that deserves serious
consideration. To dismiss a discussion on this issue brought before the people
as proposed legislation as a waste of time is irresponsible.

Today, abortion clinics throughout the state offer their services to young women
without even the slightest pretense of trying to meet the most minimal safety
standards demanded of other similar surgical procedures. As a result, women are
injured and/or killed at abortion clinics at an alarmingly high rate, compared
with these other procedures. Abortion services are rendered by, and tax dollars
paid to, doctors who have injured and killed women while performing abortions.
These schlock docs are often given a slap on the wrist, and sent on their way to
injure, maim and kill more women. Trying to protect women from these doctors
with basic minimal standards is not a waste of time, at least to reasonable
people who want to have a rational discussion about some of the problems posed
by our current policies on abortion.

Proposed legislation, in the form of bills presented to the Legislature, is a
means by which important issues are discussed in the Legislature, and more
important, introduced into the court of public opinion. Changes in public
perception of issues can occur through this process, and minds may change on the
issues as a result of the ensuing discussion. To dismiss this process as a waste
of time is insulting to the millions of Californians whose sincere and honest
beliefs have led them to the conclusion that abortion is wrong. The discussions
resulting from the legislative process are a healthy part of democracy, and a
governor interested in good public policy would encourage such a discussion, not
demean it.

This new governor cannot, on the one hand, call for the end of the politics of
division, and on the other, insult and demean opinions with which he disagrees.
It is possible to put together a rational, workable policy that is a compromise
between the current unlimited, unregulated, free-wheeling policy of abortion on
demand and complete prohibition. There are legitimate concerns expressed by the
pro-life community about the safety of women and children that the current
"unlimited access" policy jeopardizes. If Governor Davis were truly interested
in following a "centrist" course, he would address the legitimate concerns about
schlock docs, unregulated clinics, parental notification and consent, and
unfettered governmental subsidy of irresponsible sexual behavior expressed by
those who are opposed to abortion.

Addressing these concerns would protect the health and safety of thousands of
California women who would be saved by reasonable limitations in the law on this
so-called constitutional right. The solutions are reasonable, practical,
workable, and right. They deserve a place in the dialogue about the future of
this state. They are NOT a "waste of time."

(c)1999, Capitol News Service

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 Metropolitan News Company


                              312 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                              June 29, 2012 Friday

Partnerships can solve two problems

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 511 words


Partnerships can solve two problems

First problem: At least half of the families on welfare in our country have been
on welfare for generations. Many of these people are stuck in the cycle of
welfare and either don't know how to work or don't even understand the concept.

Some of these people actually think about working and sort of want to work, but
the culture of public aid keeps them from pursuing employment. Our government
has done a great job of enabling this sense of learned helplessness.

Second problem: It has become almost impossible to find products made in the
U.S. People here are unemployed. Tourists come here and can't find a souvenir
made in the U.S.

Greedy American CEOs are abusing people in other countries with poor working
conditions, low wages and long hours. It's a step up from slave labor, and those
people really don't have any other options. As a result, the quality suffers.
How good can the accountability be halfway around the world?

The solution: American CEOs need to partner up with Public Aid.

Able-bodied people are sitting at home watching TV all day, just waiting for
their check from the government. Instead of doing nothing but burden taxpayers,
they could be working in factories for that same check.

Manufacturers make the initial investment of building factories in high Public
Aid areas and provide child care and transportation. These "public" employees
can earn increases to their government check based on job performance.

I think we would begin to see star employees who take pride in doing a good job,
and a renewed sense of earning a living. I'm sure this "idea" is riddled with
complications that would prevent it from becoming a reality, but one can still
hope.

Jenny West

Mundelein

Parents who demean do great harm

I was enjoying a beautiful June evening when I witnessed something I will never
forget. A father was teaching his son about baseball and how to play the game.
Being about 4 years old, the boy needed encouragement rather that criticism.
After watching for about two minutes, I could see the father was getting very
annoyed. The father then ended the evening calling his son worthless, useless
and another name which I cannot mention here.

I called my son in California and told hm about this. How can children grow up
in a house (I can't call it a home) where a parent bullies and demeans a child
like this? No wonder we have a society where there is so much violence. If this
is what children learn at home, they don't know any better.

I would like to have wished a Happy Father's Day to this boy's so-called father,
but I just could not get the words out. I hope that he gets some kind of help
and one day realizes that having a child is a great responsibility that requires
patience and love. Good luck to the young one; he will need it.

Marie Nalepa

Wheeling

Immigration law a big disconnect

Can anyone explain to me why all of the border sheriffs and border patrol agents
try their hardest, at their peril, to stop illegals from entering our country,
but once they are here, they are untouchable?

John Skaritka

Elgin

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              313 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            March 02, 2000, Thursday

Charges include abusive treatment

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 813 words



The state Judicial Qualifications Commission on Wednesday filed an 11-page
notice of formal charges against Circuit Judge Michael Blackstone. Here is a
summary of the charges and some excerpts from the document.

COUNT 1 - EX PARTE INVESTIGATIONS: "On several occasions you have undertaken
personal, ex parte (without lawyers for both sides present) investigations into
the facts surrounding cases pending before you."

An example was the case of Chessley Yearwood, a white man who was found guilty
of assaulting Robert Crowell, who is black, in a racially motivated fight.

"You contacted Joseph A. Fallon, the father of the victim's girlfriend,
regarding the character of Robert Crowell, the victim, and whether Mr. Crowell
might have provoked the attack. You also contacted Mr. Fallon's daughter and Mr.
Crowell and inquired what kind of sentence they desired."

The commission also accused Blackstone of improperly contacting teachers and
coaches of juvenile defendants who appeared in his court.

COUNT 2 - INTERJECTION DURING JURY TRIALS: "You have interjected repeated
questions to witnesses and interrupted questioning by counsel without objection
by opposing counsel in a manner that suggested you were not impartial.

"You have also engaged in a pattern of rolling your eyes, making audible huffing
noises and otherwise manifesting your approval or disapproval of answers given
by witnesses or arguments made by counsel during criminal trials. You have done
this on several occasions in the plain view of the jury."

COUNT 3 - ARBITRARY CHARGES JUDICIAL ACTS: "You have engaged in judicial acts in
an arbitrary manner that manifest a total lack of understanding or respect for
the judicial office and that tend to seriously undermine the public's confidence
in the judiciary."

The notice lists three examples: a case in which Blackstone allegedly detained a
juvenile defendant improperly; a case in which he said he was not seeking
"actual justice" but only "the appearance of justice"; and the judge's stated
dislike for house arrest, which he says "doesn't work."

COUNT 4 - ABUSIVE AND UNDIGNIFIED TREATMENT OF ATTORNEYS: "You have engaged in a
pattern of abusive and undignified treatment of lawyers who have appeared before
you in a manner that demeans the judicial office.

"In January 1997, while riding the elevator at the Citrus County Courthouse with
(lawyers) Charles P. Vaughn, Fred Ohlinger and members of the public, you
stated, "I was in f---ing court until 8 o'clock. That damn state attorney kept
me there until 8 o'clock.' "

The notice says that Blackstone retaliated against Vaughn when Vaughn recounted
the conversation.

The notice also says that the judge made insulting remarks to other prosecutors
and threatened to hold one in contempt of court if she again submitted jury
instructions that contained errors.

COUNT 5 - ABUSIVE AND UNDIGNIFIED TREATMENT OF OTHER JUDGES: "You have engaged
in a pattern of abusive and undignified treatment of other judges in a manner
that demeans the judicial office.

"You have publicly criticized Judge Patricia Thomas' handling of the rotation of
duties among the judges on your court, and you have made personal attacks on her
character, referring to her - within earshot of court officers, lawyers and the
public - as a "b----,' an "egomaniac' and a "disaster.' "

The notice also criticizes Blackstone's criticism of Hernando County Judge
Peyton Hyslop concerning bail hearings and says that he referred to Florida
Supreme Court justices as "idiots."

COUNT 6 - INAPPROPRIATE BEHAVIOR INVOLVING WOMEN: The notice says that
Blackstone and former court clerk Carol Brendel "established a relationship that
created the appearance of impropriety.

"You openly flirted with Ms. Brendel in public and on the bench on several
occasions in a manner that caused considerable controversy within the courthouse
and gave the impression that you used the prestige of your office to attract
women."

The notice also accuses the judge of making unusual accommodations for Ms.
Brendel's brother-in-law when he had a hearing at the courthouse.

The notice says that Blackstone said the mother of an alleged victim "has legs
up to her neck"; that two female attorneys were engaged in a "cat fight"; and
that "women (in family court proceedings) always want to put the guy in jail.
That's why I'm nice to my wife."

The notice also says that Blackstone once told a female prosecutor: "If you have
about 30 minutes, we can spend some time in my office."

COUNT 7 - SPEEDING: "You have demonstrated a pattern of disregarding speed
limits while driving your car. On at least one occasion, you provided the excuse
that you were on official judicial business. This conduct demonstrates both a
disregard for the laws and the appearance that you believe that you are above
the law because you are a judge."


LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITRUS TIMES

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              314 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 01, 1998, Sunday, Final Edition

One Basket, Two Points

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D03; SPEAKING OUT

LENGTH: 760 words


The issue: Nykesha Sales of the University of Connecticut women's basketball
team, above, was allowed to score two points at the beginning of Tuesday night's
game with Villanova in order to break the school career scoring record. Sales is
out for the season after rupturing an Achilles' tendon, but the Villanova coach
agreed to let Sales score her basket, then U-Conn. allowed Villanova to score an
uncontested basket.

Should teams be allowed to make such an arrangement in order for records to be
broken? Or do such maneuverings demean the record, and the game?

Yes, Sales should have been allowed to break the record: 46

No, Sales should not have been allowed to break the record: 29

Next week's topic will be announced midweek.

YES

With all that's wrong in men's sports, it is reassuring to see that women's
sports retain the one true essence of athleticism: class, sportsmanship and
honor.

-- Jim Curran

Washington

How often in today's sports can we see an example of class and sportsmanship?
With all parties involved agreeing, why must we try to turn something nice into
something bad?

-- John Beattie

Waldorf

Scoring records last only a few years, but gestures of appreciation remain for a
lifetime. I applaud Auriemma's courage to reward Nykesha's dedication, despite
inevitable criticism.

-- Joe Aylor

Annandale

Sales didn't spit in someone's face, or bite their ear, or strike an opponent's
knee with a wrench. The media has gone bonkers.

-- Mauro Biodo

Rockville

Thomas Boswell is right. Women should be like the men: take personal animosity
beyond the game, do drugs, drive drunk and punch people. That's what we reward!

-- Nora Ryan

Great Falls

The idea of school sports WAS sportsmanship! Maybe we've forgotten. This young
lady worked hard. A clear case where the hype overshadows the accomplishment.

-- A.C. Tinsley

Washington

Big East Commissioner Mike Tranghese's comments are what trivialized women's
athletics, not the actions of U-Conn., Villanova and the Big East.

-- Chris Adornetto

Beltsville

The gesture was correct! The points were given on the basketball court, not the
SAT score.

-- Charles E. Johnson

Upper Marlboro

Players score thousands of points the hard way in their career. What's two
points the easy way?

-- Phillip Jones Jr.

Lanham

Thank you, Connecticut, Villanova, Big East and others, for returning
sportsmanship to sports.

-- Daniel W. Duncan

Burke

Didn't the Green Bay Packers give the Denver Broncos a gift TD in the Super
Bowl? A tisket, a tasket, give Sales the basket.

-- David H. Brown

Bethesda

Don't think, for one minute, that the same wouldn't be done for Michael Jordan
if faced with a similar circumstance.

-- John Brizzi Jr.

Arlington

Why the controversy? It was sportsmanship at its finest. Beats the fights and
stories about athletes getting into trouble. Reporters need a job.

-- Jim Radmore

Alexandria

NO

Absolutely a farce. Can you imagine allowing a major league a "hit" to break
DiMaggio's record, as long as he agrees to be picked off on the next pitch?

-- David Peck

Alexandria

Records should be broken only during "real" competition or why have records.
It's too bad she got hurt when she did, but that's life.

-- Mary Hutton

Springfield

Every basket (home run, yard, goal, etc.) that breaks a long standing record,
should be earned under the same competitive circumstances, or authenticity
becomes questionable.

-- Tony Chite

Olney

Should A.C. Green have been allowed to make token appearances to extend his
consecutive games streak? Ditto Lou Gehrig? Both did. It's dishonest whenever,
whoever.

-- Ruth Coy

Laurel

Why have records? Such arrangements strip all integrity from the game.

-- Richard Miller

Germantown

The Big East has lowered women's basketball to the level of professional
wrestling -- staged entertainment. Everyone involved in this farce should be
ashamed of themselves.

-- Mark R. Friend

Burke

Cheating to break the record of someone (Kerry Bascom) who earned it honestly,
demeans the record and makes a mockery of sports competition.

-- Steve Bernard

Darnestown

Creating artificial environments so athletes can achieve athletic standards is
no different than athletes using perfomance enhancing substances for their
goals.

-- Russell Graf

Clifton

Sure, let every player who has ever missed a game come back and make a layup for
every game missed, then recalculate the record books.

-- Michael L. Facine Jr.

Gaithersburg


LOAD-DATE: March 01, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, ap/chris gardner

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              315 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                    December 19, 2002 Thursday Final Edition

First human clone expected by Jan. 1, says religious sect

SOURCE: The Canadian Press

SECTION: News; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 511 words

DATELINE: TORONTO

A religious sect, run by a Quebec-based leader who wants to set up an embassy
for extraterrestrials, claims it will deliver the first human clone within 14
days, CTV News reported on Wednesday.

Experts told the network that while the Raelian Movement's claim to have cloned
a baby is possible, the move is irresponsible.

The Raelians, who set up a human cloning company called Clonaid and began
offering a cloning machine for sale last May, say the baby -- a girl -- will be
born before the end of the month, CTV reported.

The director of Clonaid, Dr. Brigitte Boisselier, told CTV they had implanted 10
cloned embryos this spring.

Boisselier said five miscarried but the other five are "doing well," the network
reported.

The baby, said to be the genetic duplicate of a American woman in her 30s, will
reportedly be born by caesarean section at an undisclosed facility.

Clones are created when genetic material from a single cell is injected into an
eggcell that has had its genes removed. The resulting baby is like an identical
twin, except that it is born years later.

The Raelian Movement was founded in France by Rael, who was once a French
racing-car driver known at Claude Vorilhon, who claimed he was contacted by an
extraterrestrial on Dec. 13, 1973.

The extraterrestrial told Rael he was a clone of the supreme extraterrestrial
being and prophets including Jesus and Mohammed.

The group claims to have 55,000 members in 84 countries.

Some experts say it's possible that the Raelian cloning claim is true.

"It has been possible after many many attempts to clone other mammalian species
. . . there's no reason to think a human being would be very different from
other mammals," said Prof. Lawrence Smith of the University of Montreal.

"It is certainly possible that they have accomplished what they claim to have
accomplished," Princeton professor Lee Silver told CTV.

But Silver said the Raelians must prove it by showing that a DNA sample from the
baby is identical to that of the woman.

Cloning experiments have produced numerous deformed and dead animals other
experts warn.

"These people who claim to clone humans -- first of all they are highly
irresponsible and if they do it they will produce abnormal cloned humans,"
warned Prof. Rudolf Jaenisch of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

An Ottawa doctor is also skeptical.

"I'm highly suspicious that this has actually taken place," Dr. Arthur Leader,
chief of reproductive medicine at the Ottawa Hospital, told the Globe and Mail.
"My first reaction is that this is a hoax that demeans the plight of the
infertile."

Leader, who is also a professor of obstetrics and gynecology with the University
of Ottawa, said that ethically, most countries have agreed that the idea is
abhorrent.

"It's like saying that photocopies of people can be equal to people," Leader
said. "It's very sad that some people have a distorted value system that demeans
the uniqueness of human life."

Nadine Gary, a spokeswoman for the Raelians, would not confirm the reports on
Wednesday.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              316 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                          September 29, 1998, Tuesday

STOP HUMILIATING THE PRESIDENT...; (LINCOLN, THAT IS) - NOW, IT'S ABE FANS HURT
BY UPN'S 'PFEIFFER'

BYLINE: ADAM BUCKMAN

SECTION: TVPlus; Pg. 083

LENGTH: 693 words


YOU'VE heard about the racial furor swirling around The Secret Diary of Desmond
Pfeiffer.

Now get ready for the charge of the Lincoln brigade.

That's right: Fans of the 16th president are reacting with horror to the UPN
comedy series, which doesn't premiere until next Monday, but has already drawn
complaints from African-Americans.

Yes, there are some unfortunate one-liners referring to slavery in the show's
premiere episode, and to most people, white or black, slavery is no laughing
matter.

But Desmond Pfeiffer (played by Chi McBride), the series' lone black character,
is easily the most level-headed character in the whole show. If anyone has the
right to complain, it's those who adore Abraham Lincoln.

Even without the controversies over race, the way Lincoln is dragged through the
mud should earn this nasty, profane series the scorn of the viewing public based
on stupidity alone.

With a racial situation hanging over their heads, UPN execs didn't want to talk
to The Post about Lincoln.

Maybe they feel that a TV columnist hung up on the way a TV show depicts Abraham
Lincoln is too eccentric to be taken seriously.

Their attitude simply underscores a fundamental problem in Hollywood: that
nothing is sacred to the people who make TV shows, and if anyone objects, they
refuse to discuss it.

Well, UPN: Some things are sacred, and when you insult Lincoln, you insult every
American.

Says historian Charles M. Hubbard, Ph.D., director of the Abraham Lincoln Museum
in Harrogate, Tenn., The reason that Lincoln is on the copper penny is because
he was so popular that people wanted to carry a penny with Lincoln on it in
their pockets. That's how much of a hero this man has been.

Professional Lincoln historians and amateur enthusiasts are already discussing
Desmond Pfeiffer at their monthly meetings. Lincoln websites on the Internet are
buzzing with e-mail against the show and letters with the signatures of Lincoln
club members from around the country have been mailed to Paramount, parent
company of UPN.

What's all the fuss?

The Secret Diary of Desmond Pfeiffer tells the story of a black British nobleman
who is kicked out of England and winds up as Lincoln's butler and confidant in
the Civil War White House.

In the show, the Great Emancipator is portrayed by actor Dann Florek as a
bumbling sex maniac who engages in lewd conversations via telegraph and
expresses homoerotic feelings for beefy Desmond and young boys in Union
uniforms.

OK, it's satire. But Lincoln is so revered that those who make it their business
to preserve his legacy say he should be exempt from being reduced to the level
of a TV sitcom character.

We are in desperate need of heroes, says Dr. Hubbard. It was 'Lincoln's_ sheer
will that held the coalition together that governed the country during the Civil
War. To demean Lincoln is to demean those principles that he stood for, and
those are so fundamentally American that we don't have a nation without Lincoln.

Dr. Hubbard and other historians haven't seen Desmond Pfeiffer yet. That honor
goes to UPN officials and TV critics in possession of preview tapes. The series
premieres next Monday night at 9 on Ch.9.

Lincoln lovers contacted by The Post reacted to a precise description of the
show's portrayal of their hero provided by yours truly. And they weren't happy.

People in the Lincoln field are dead set against this particular show, says Joan
Chaconas, president of the nation's oldest Lincoln club, the Lincoln Group of
Washington, D.C.

Gregory Romano, president of New York's own Lincoln Group says: Studies have
shown that a majority of schoolchildren don't even know Abraham Lincoln or what
he did and it would be a shame for those children to think of Lincoln in these
terms, rather than the great man that he was.

Yesterday, UPN officials had still not set up a face-to-face meeting with the
Beverly Hills/Hollywood branch of the NAACP, one of the groups complaining about
Desmond Pfeiffer on racial grounds.

So what are the odds that UPN execs will meet with a bunch of Lincoln
aficianados? Don't hold your breath waiting for that.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 1998 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              317 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               February 16, 1996, Friday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

GOP RIVALS CLASH OVER NEGATIVE ADS

BYLINE: Bill Lambrecht and Kathleen Best Post-Dispatch Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1041 words

DATELINE: MANCHESTER, N.H.


GOP presidential hopefuls spent Thursday night attacking one another's methods
during a debate that produced plenty of heat but little light on substantive
issues.

Afterward, members of a group of undecided voters complained that the 90-minute,
televised debate had done little to answer their questions about which of the
candidates should lead the country.

From the opening statements on, the leading contenders for the Republican
nomination took issue themselves with the strongly negative tone of the
campaign. Then, often in the same breath, they aimed barbs at their rivals in a
vein every bit as negative.

Senate Majority Leader Bob Dole of Kansas, the front-runner, found himself the
target from all sides. At the start of the debate, former Tenne ssee Gov. Lamar
Alexander turned to Dole and said bluntly: "Sen. Dole, you're better than your
negative ads. Why don't you pull them off?"

Dole responded, "I didn't know about negative advertising until I saw you do it
against Pete Wilson," referring to the California governor who has since quit
the campaign. "You ran the first negative ad in this state, and I guess maybe I
thought that, since you did it, it was all right that I at least spelled out
your record."

Later, Dole tried to make light of the bitter campaign in an exchange with
candidate Steve Forbes. "Over three months, I (was the object of) millions and
millions of dollars in negative ads. They didn't even use a good picture, so
Steve, I brought along some pictures," he said, handing over several
photographs, including one of his dog.

High-Stakes Gathering

The debate was the highest-stakes single gathering of the primary campaign so
far with candidates bunched heading toward the New Hampshire primary on Tuesday.
All of the GOP hopefuls had debated only once before, in Iowa, but that event
took place weeks before the Iowa precinct caucuses.

The debate was critical for another reason: The New Hampshire primary promises
to be closely contested, and one in five New Hampshire voters have not yet made
up their minds, according to polls.

Dole and commentator Pat Buchanan appear to be vying for first in public opinion
polls and the dominant position in the Republicans' campaign for the White
House. Dole won the season-opening Iowa caucuses this week but edged Buchanan by
a mere 3 percentage points, fewer than 3,000 votes.

Meanwhile, Alexander is trying to prove that that his third-place showing in
Iowa was no fluke. And Forbes is trying to rebound from his dismal fourth-place
finish in Iowa and put his well-finance campaign back on track.

So the front four had a lot on the line when they gathered at the WMUR
television studio on Thursday night.

Forbes admitted that he'd blundered in Iowa by relying so heavily on negative
advertising. Nonetheless, he used the debate to attack A lexander's penchant for
turning minimal investments into big gains.

Forbes said he was impressed when Hillary Rodham Clinton had made $ 100, 000 on
a small investment but added: "But I was really astonished when I learned that
Gov. Alexander turned one dollar into $ 620,000. So when he says his 'ABCs,
Alexander beats Clinton,' he wasn't talking about Bill Clinton, he was talking
about Hillary Clinton." Forbes was referring to Alexander's lucrative investment
in a publishing deal.

Buchanan: 'No Extremist'

Buchanan asserted that Dole and others in Washington "have lost a historic
opportunity because they lost a sense of vision." Buchanan complained that Dole
had characterized him as an extremist, contending, "If I am an extremist, why
are you borrowing my ideas."

Buchanan used his closing statement to defend Larry Pratt, his campaign
co-chairman, who took a leave of absence early in the day after disclosure about
his ties to white extremist groups. Buchanan said the "savage attack" was a sure
sign that his campaign is doing well.

"Larry Pratt is a devout Christian. He is being attacked because he supports me.
He is being attacked because he defended Second Amendment rights," Buchanan
said.

Sen. Dick Lugar of Indiana, another presidential hopeful, contended that he had
taken the high road in the campaign and that voters should support him because
of it. "Candidates who use negative ads demean their opponents, but they also
demean themselves. A vote for Dick Lugar is a vot e for clean campaigning."

Radio host Alan Keyes asserted that his rivals had focused too much in the
campaign about economic matters and not enough on moral issues. "The negative
ads, the saturation commercials is due to the fact that we really have folks who
don't have that much substance to offer the American people and instead are
trying to manipulate their perceptions with slick ad campaigns," Keyes said.

Illinois businessman Morry Taylor, in one of the lighter moments in the debate,
said that neither Hillary Clinton nor Alexander would have been required to pay
taxes on their capital gains under Forbes' tax plan.

Rep. Bob Dornan of California criticized his fellow Republicans for sniping at
one another, but proceeded to turn to Dole and do the same himself. "You and
Newt (Gingrich) sold out to Clinton on Bosnia," Dornan said.

Some of the undecided voters interviewed in Concord while watching the debate
said they were troubled by what they were hearing.

Jon Milne, 50, of Durham, said he had heard too many cheap shots to suit him.
"None of them convinced me that they can lead. None of them answered my
question: Who can beat Bill Clinton?"

Still Undecided

Michelle Flegel, 36, said the candidates took too long to begin discussing
substantive issues and when they finally talked about trade she became confused.
"I don't know enough about NAFTA and GATT," she said. "It's really hard to know
the truth with a capital T."

Her husband, Scott, said he came away believing that "Buchanan's performance was
disgusting. His message is just one of fear."

Lugar got the highest marks across the board, but those watching the debate said
he didn't get enough of a chance to explain his ideas because of the format.

"It's all canned," said Al Fischer, 28, a student at the University of New
Hampshire. "The candidates didn't really talk to each other."

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC; Graphic/logo - CAMPAIGN '96

TYPE: PROFILE CAMPAIGN '96

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              318 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            March 16, 2002 Saturday

Tanya Barrientos: A chief beef: Some teams still seem insensitive to Indians

BYLINE: Tanya Barrientos Inquirer Columnist

SECTION: MAGAZINE

LENGTH: 673 words


I know it's time to be thinking about college basketball, but because I'm a
baseball fan my mind tends to linger on spring training this time of year.

As opening day draws closer, teams are bragging about what's new and improved.
In Cleveland, it's the uniforms.

For the first time in nine years, the Indians have altered their look - but not
enough to get rid of the offensive, red-faced Chief Wahoo logo.

Never mind that last April the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights issued a formal
statement condemning the use of Indian images and nicknames as sports symbols.

Never mind that at least four major American Indian organizations have asked
that Wahoo be retired.

Never mind that for 10 years in a row, protesters have marched outside the
team's stadium, lodging their complaints.

Wahoo remains.

It's not as if the team is unaware that the grinning Indian angers some people.
Bob DiBiasio, vice president for public relations, says the team has adopted an
alternative cap that displays an "I" instead of the chief on the front. "That
way, if fans want an authentic piece of team apparel without the logo, it gives
them an option," DiBiasio says.

He adds that Wahoo - who remains on the official cap - is popular, although the
team has never done an official poll to see how many fans would welcome a
change.

"When we moved to Jacobs Field in 1994, there was a lot of discussion of the
issue in town, and through media stories and petitions, we saw that the feeling
was overwhelmingly against changing the logo," he said.

DiBiasio tells me that if I'm going to write about this subject, he wants me to
be clear that the cartoonish Wahoo is the team's logo, not its mascot.

"We have a thing like the Phanatic, called Slider, who is our mascot. We don't
have somebody dressed in a headdress or anything like that." That, he says,
would be offensive.

But, I ask, isn't Wahoo a caricature?

"Exactly," he answers, "it's not meant to represent anyone or any group.

"We firmly believe that when people look at him, they don't think about anything
but baseball."

All I know is when I look at him, I get a knot in my stomach. The same knot I
get when people say the Washington Redskins isn't a racist name for a football
team. The same knot I get when Atlanta Braves fans stand up and do the tomahawk
chop.

But maybe it's just me.

In the March 4 issue of Sports Illustrated, S.L. Price wrote about the debate
concerning Indian nicknames and sports logos. According to the article, Native
Americans themselves can't agree on the issue.

A poll conducted by the Harris Research group for the magazine shows that 32
percent of Indians living on reservations believed Indian names and mascots used
by pro sports teams contributed to discrimination against them.

Sixty-seven percent said they didn't.

The proportion of Native Americans not living on reservations who saw no
discrimination in Indian team names or mascots was even higher - 83 percent.

Surprised? I was.

Perhaps I should lighten up. But my gut tells me that Chief Wahoo is wrong.

He smacks of a Sambo, a lawn jockey, or one of those Mexicans sleeping under a
broad-brimmed sombrero.

There has to be a good reason why 600 schools, minor-league teams, and other pro
sports franchises have dropped or changed their Indian names and mascots since
1969. And just this week, an intramural basketball team at the University of
Northern Colorado decided to call itself the Fighting Whities, to protest a
local high school's use of an Indian mascot. "The message is, let's do something
that will let people see the other side of what it's like to be a mascot," said
Solomon Little Owl, a team member and director of Native American Student
Services at the university, the Associated Press reported.

DiBiasio reminds me that Chief Wahoo was never meant to be a racist logo and
that "if there is no intent to demean, how can something demean?"

Tell that to the Fighting Whities.

Contact Tanya Barrientos at 215-854-5728 or tbarri@aol.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                  Copyright 2002 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              319 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           October 29, 2003 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

Class act (Part 2);
Part 2 or 2

BYLINE: Susan Wyndham

SECTION: THE SYDNEY MAGAZINE; Pg. 52

LENGTH: 1373 words


Sydney society was a mystery to Danziger when she arrived and she searched
fruitlessly for literature that explained it. But after dealing with the
powerful parents of Milton, no one could frighten her. In fact, many of her
friendships have come from Ascham and in 1985 she married Ken Coles of the
retail family, a businessman, director of the Ascham Foundation and one-time
Ascham father. Their wedding at Rex Irwin's Woollahra art gallery was organised
as a party for the English comedian Ronnie Corbett and his wife Anne, who were
Ascham parents and friends. "No one knew until the night that it was a wedding
party," she says. Supporters of Coles's ex-wife blackballed Danziger from the
Queens Club in Sydney, so she simply joined New York's Cosmopolitan Club, which
gave her reciprocal rights if she should want them.

In a strong but independent marriage, she calls Coles her "great encourager". At
the students' jazz concert in the Packer Theatre this year, she gave him a
tearful hug after he serenaded her with Cole Porter's Night and Day ("... you
are the one"). He happily plays consort in his retirement but has only recently
lived with her in the school's sandstone Dower House and is active in his own
causes, such as Sydney University's Save Sight Institute and Lizard Island
Research.

Danziger is not sad that life didn't bring her sons or daughters but she plays
an enthusiastic role with her friends' children. Packer says, "She's been a
mother of a kind to thousands of girls, which is much more difficult than
bringing up boys. She was a great assistant to me. I'd say, `What's happening
here, what should I do?' and she'd tell me."

Friends of all ages describe her as reliable, forthright, fond of a joke (even a
bawdy one), a brilliant correspondent by mail and email, always passing on
articles and New Yorker cartoons. "She has a great capacity for friendship and
makes up her mind very quickly," says Rex Irwin, who guided her collection of
Lucian Freud drawings and prints.

Danziger is surprised that her ease with the rich and powerful can be seen as
social climbing. "That is not the basis of the friendships. I am constantly
surprised by how prevalent it is to regard friendship as a transaction, whereas
I look for some sort of companionable nourishment. I wonder if the people who
say that think that if you're involved in teaching children you're not allowed
to have a social life. `Who does she think she is? She should be dowdy and there
with ink on her fingers and chalk on her nose.'"

Despite their cultural differences, Packer says he appointed her to the PBL
board because "she is in touch with what's going on in society, she's aware of
the drug problems and what kids are doing. She's also a ferocious reader of
magazines and a very competent businesswoman. She knows how to read board papers
and make comments and they're always sensible." Anticipating her extra free time
next year, he has made her chairman of a new sub-committee on the complicated
issues of health and safety. Likewise, Opera Australia's chief executive, Adrian
Collette, admires her as "someone of real conviction" and has asked her to play
a pastoral role with the company's artists.

Danziger was chairman last year when the board dropped Simone Young as artistic
director after her productions helped blow the budget. "She took responsibility
for it and she was absolutely unflappable," says Collette. "At the time I
announced it to the company she was right there. Partly because she'd been on
the board for 12 years, but also because of the presence she has, they accepted
that we had their welfare at heart."

Her old friend Edmund Capon, NSW Art Gallery director and a former Ascham
parent, joined with his president of trustees, David Gonski, to enlist Danziger
as chairman of the gallery foundation this year. She replaced Rupert Murdoch and
Capon is relying on her to "change some gears" and step up the fundraising.
"She's very well known around town, with a lot of respect, and she does not take
things on lightly - if she believes in them today she will believe in them
tomorrow." She has been a member of the New York Metropolitan Museum for 40
years and a supporter of the NSW Gallery for 20, with generous donations and
loans of Chinese ceramics. Literature is her other love. She is devoted to the
New York Review of Books and Times Literary Supplement, and no conversation
passes without her recommending a book by, say, Phillip Roth or Alice Munro.

So Danziger will barely be retiring next year. She and Coles are moving to a
large apartment a few steps from the school but there's a lightness to her voice
as she says: "I don't want to hang on or be coming back for every concert. It's
very heartwarming, when you've made the school your life's work, to give it to
someone who values what's there." Danziger wants to travel, have more time for
friends, do charity work and keep learning. Then the Sydney sophisticate steps
aside. "This sounds dopey, but I'm really looking forward to having more time
for domestic life. I like cooking; I like setting a good table. I'm a Queensland
girl who's a good housewife. I just didn't want to be put in that box."

When Kerry met Rowena

Kerry Packer remembers perfectly the first time he met Rowena Danziger in the
late 1970s, when his daughter Gretel was a pupil at Ascham. "It was the first
speech day I went to, probably the only one, and there was this diminutive
figure standing on a platform and I was a bit, `What am I doing here?'

"She gave a highly impressive address, then she turned around and said to all
the parents, `I want to talk about holidays. Saying your daughter needs to get
out of school three days early because you're going skiing to Switzerland or
needs another three days at the end because you can't get back in time, well, if
you want to ask either of those questions, don't bother to

bring your daughter to the school.' And I thought, `What a hero! What a
magnificent woman!' She has plenty of humanity but she's not going to be taken
advantage of.

"The idea of dealing with the rich eastern suburbs where they all think they're
special and a few days here and a few days there ... They shouldn't be going
overseas skiing at that age, anyway. She has to deal with a lot of unreasonable
parents who are spoilt and want to spoil their kids. I think Ascham is the best
school. I don't think it's cheap and I think people want to get their children
in there, then when they get them in there they want to rewrite the rules. I
don't know how you'd have the effrontery to ask her to change them. I wouldn't
dream of it. You've got two choices - accept it or get out. I've never tried to
break the rules, not by a minute."

Over the next few years Packer donated money for Ascham's new music school,
Japanese classes and the Gretel Packer scholarship, named after his mother.

When Danziger wanted to rebuild the school hall in the mid-'80s, she went to his
office to ask for help. She recalls: "He said, `I'm not going to give you any
money to pull something down; you'd use all your money in demolition costs. Let
me have a look at the plan ... This is where it will go, put it on the tennis
courts and have comfortable seats and make sure it's air-conditioned.'

"Then he gave me a substantial gift. I was overwhelmed. He gave me $1 million at
the time and the theatre cost about $1.2 million. By that time he and I had
certainly become friends so I felt comfortable in approaching him but I didn't
expect anything like that. I've always been very irritated at the story that
circulates through the tabloid press from time to time that he gave me that
money because Gretel had come back to school late from holiday, which is an
absolute lie. It demeans him, it demeans me, it demeans Gretel. In the whole
time Gretel was here he absolutely observed the school rules to the letter."

Packer describes Danziger as a "ferocious" fundraiser. "She and Sister Bernice
at St Vincent's were the two best I ever met," she said. "There's no way you can
escape it, she's a super saleswoman. It doesn't matter if you go left or right,
she's got the answer. She's a very competent woman. I was so grateful for the
way she ran that school that I believed she was entitled to help."

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2003 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              320 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                December 23, 2001 Sunday Five Star Lift Edition

HOLDEN'S PLAN TO TEST TEACHERS FACES OPPOSITION

BYLINE: Holly K. Hacker Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: NEWSWATCH; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 1192 words


Students take tests to show what they know, so why not test teachers, too?

That could happen in failing schools in Missouri, under a plan by Gov. Bob
Holden. He figures that if students aren't learning math or reading or science,
it might be because their teachers haven't mastered the subjects themselves.

Testing teachers is just one part of Holden's proposal, which he announced
Tuesday. But it likely will be one of the most debated. Already the state's two
main teachers unions have vowed to fight, saying the measure would demean the
profession, not improve it.

Others believe testing teachers would help ensure that children receive a good
education, especially if Missouri's eventual policy combines testing with other
efforts to improve teacher quality.

"They're not letting kids hold the bag, if you will. They're expecting educators
and others to be accountable, and that's a very good thing," said Barnett Berry,
a senior consultant at the National Commission on Teaching and America's Future.

He also cautioned: "Just making a teacher pass a test is wholly insufficient if
that's all you're going to do... It's almost like saying you've got a fever, you
feel hot, so let's just keep giving you a thermometer."

The same day Holden announced his plan, Congress approved a landmark education
bill that puts new demands on states and schools to boost student achievement.
The bill, which President George W. Bush is expected to sign next month,
requires annual testing in reading and math for children in grades three to
eight. It says states must make sure teachers are highly qualified by 2006. And
starting next year, schools would have to publish report cards about themselves
that include student test scores, the professional qualifications of teachers
and other information about the school's performance.

One big buzzword in education these days is "accountability." It amounts to
checking up on schools to see if children learn what they're supposed to - as
gauged by student test scores, graduation rates and other measures - and
punishing schools that fail to deliver.

Missouri already reviews school districts for accreditation. Districts that go
unaccredited for more than two years risk state takeover, though that has never
happened here. The state also started naming "academically deficient" schools.
The only five schools on the list are in Kansas City, but 15 more could make the
list next year, pending a state review. Four of those schools are in the St.
Louis area.

In Illinois, schools with poor test scores may end up on an "academic warning"
list. If those schools don't improve enough, they could ultimately be taken over
by the state or have staff and students reassigned.

Holden's plan - which needs legislative approval - would sharpen the teeth in
Missouri's system by requiring unaccredited, partly accredited and other
troubled school systems to report their academic shortcomings and how they plan
to overcome them. Districts that don't comply would lose state money.

The plan would also put pressure on teachers, principals and students. Students
who fail the MAP tests would have to retake them. Principals might need extra
training or testing. And teachers in low-performing schools would have to
undergo training or testing to qualify for raises. Teachers who have already
passed the tests or completed the training would be exempt. Because Missouri has
required new teachers to pass one of the tests test since 1991, the proposal
seems aimed at teachers who entered the field years ago without taking any
subject-matter test.

Missing information

"As we look at schools that are not meeting academic standards, one thing that's
missing is the lack of a way to validate teacher knowledge," said Emmy
McClelland, a Holden policy adviser and former state representative from Webster
Groves.

"This is not an effort to try to demean teachers. What we're trying to make sure
is that every child has a teacher who knows the subject matter."

But teacher groups believe that testing teachers puts too much of the blame on
them. Sure, teachers have a huge impact on students, but so do other factors
beyond a school's control, such as the income, education and involvement of
parents.

"I just think it's really crummy that everybody keeps saying it's the teachers'
fault children aren't doing well," said Sheryl Davenport, president of the St.
Louis Teachers Local 420. "We need legislators to put money into failing schools
instead of threatening to take it away."

Davenport said school leaders might also use the test scores to demote or fire
teachers.

A few states, including North Carolina and Massachusetts, have considered
similar teacher tests. Illinois is not among them, although this year the state
toughened its basic skills test for teachers.

Berry, of the national teaching commission, said teachers need to know the
subject they're teaching. Just as important though, is knowing how to teach. He
cited one Tennessee study that found ineffective teachers knew their subject
matter for the most part, but had poor teaching skills.

Low-performing schools tend to have less-qualified teachers, Berry said. Schools
that struggle tend to have children who face more obstacles, like poverty and
crime in their neighborhoods. Fewer teachers are willing to work in such
challenging conditions when they could move to an affluent suburban school and
make the same salary, if not more.

"Some of these tough schools, if they can get a warm body, they're lucky," said
Mary Fulton, a policy analyst at the Education Commission of the States in
Denver. "One piece of it has to be getting good teachers into those schools that
are struggling and give them incentives not just to go there, but to stay
there."

That's a task that involves not just teachers, but principals, school board
members and community members as well, experts say.

Good teacher training and support is important for all schools, not just those
with low student test scores, said Sheri Sampson, a fifth-grade teacher at
McKelvey Elementary School, in the Parkway School District in west St. Louis
County.

She also believes teachers need to show results. "You have to be accountable and
you have to ultimately be reflective in what's working and what's not working,"
she said.

Sampson, 27, earned her national board certification this year. The process
takes about a year to complete and requires candidates to be videotaped, submit
thick portfolios and take a six-hour test that has a pass rate of 40 percent.

"I definitely think it makes you a stronger teacher because you're constantly
reflecting on your teaching," Sampson said.

===

THE NEWS: Gov. Bob Holden has proposed a system in which some teachers in
low-performing schools would have to pass a test to qualify for pay raises.

THE IMPACT: While the testing of teachers is just one part of Holden's proposal,
it is likely to be the most controversial. Teachers unions have already
expressed their opposition, saying it demeans the profession. And some say there
are more thorough ways to ensure that teachers are qualified and improve
schools.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: SCHOOL STANDARDS; Reporter Holly Hacker covers schools and education
issues for the Post-Dispatch.; Reporter Holly Hacker:; E-mail:
hhacker@post-dispatch.com; Phone: 314-209-0982

TYPE: PROFILE; SCHOOL STANDARDS; TEACHER TESTING

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              321 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Arizona Capitol Times

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday

Sore losers, sore winners demean democratic process

BYLINE: Guest Opinion

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 664  words


Jill Stein's recount demand and President-elect Donald Trump's claim that he
would have won the popular vote but for millions of illegal votes in California,
Virginia and New Hampshire are both based on fantasy. Even worse, they are
destructive political pandering.   Maybe we should expect no better from a
fringe candidate like Stein. We are definitely entitled to more from our
president-elect.

First, let's talk about Stein.   Sure, the presidential election was close.
Approximately 80,000 votes out of a total of about 13,679,000 are all that
separate Hillary Clinton from Trump in Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin.
Take those three states out of the Trump win column and put them in the Clinton
column and she's our next president. Why not ask for a recount when it's that
close. The simple answer is there is no reason to believe a recount in any one
of those states, let alone all of them, will change the outcome.   Put simply
and bluntly, recounts almost never ever change the result. According to
research, there are only three statewide races since 2000 where recounts changed
the outcome: Al Franken's race for Senate in Minnesota, Christine Gregoire for
governor in Washington and one other obscure race.   And, in each of those
races, the margin of difference prior to the recount was less than a few hundred
votes.   The closest of the races in the presidential this year appears to be
Michigan where the difference is about 12,000 votes. No recount has ever changed
the outcome with a margin that high.

It is simply irresponsible to ask for a recount under these circumstances.
Putting aside the enormous cost of a recount, it is being done to undermine the
credibility of our most treasured badge of democracy -- fair elections. There is
no single thread in our democratic fabric than the honest outcome of elections.
While mistakes can happen, anyone running for public office should think long
and hard about calling into question an election outcome. That's why in Arizona
the only time there is a recount is when the election is within one tenth of 1
percent.   Even then, on the few times there have been recounts, the result is
almost always the same.

The Stein-nicks cite academic speculation of hacking or some other nefarious
conspiracy at work. That, in fact, is even more irresponsible and is actually an
allegation of massive vote fraud.   Jill, just give it up.

And the Trump claim that he really won the popular vote but for illegal votes in
California, Virginia and New Hampshire is even more irresponsible. He had no
facts, nothing whatsoever, not even academic noodling, to support his claims
that over 2 million people committed felonies to vote for Hillary Clinton.
Yes, it is a felony in almost every state for someone who is not legally
registered to vote.

Of course in Trump's case he was underlining his anti-immigrant narrative.
While he never seems to be terribly concerned with the factual accuracy of what
he says, the magnitude of what he is saying is enormous. For literally millions
of people in three different states to vote illegally means that state and
county election officials of both parties in three states would have to be in on
the greatest fraud since Bernie Madoff. How did millions of illegals get
registered, Mr. Trump?

There has been extensive litigation and legislation on the issue of alleged
incidents of illegal immigrants voting. There is virtually no evidence of any
illegal voting let alone illegal voting of this magnitude.

I don't like how the election turned out. But Mr. Trump won in the Electoral
College and, for whatever it's worth, Mrs. Clinton won the popular vote. Ms.
Stein and Mr. Trump, get over it.

-- Andy Gordon is a shareholder with Coppersmith Brockelman in Phoenix. His
practice areas include election and political law, having represented a wide
array of elected officials and campaigns.

Click here for more from this resource.

Copyright © 2016 BridgeTower Media.  All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              322 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                    July 20, 2002 Saturday National Edition

NFL clubs hoping they can mimic Patriots' title run: Super Bowl up for grabs:
New Houston club (All but Toronto and Vancouver edition headline.);
 Parity gives NFL clubs a realistic shot at title: Super Bowl up for grabs
(Toronto and Vancouver edition headline.)

SOURCE: The Associated Press

BYLINE: Dave Goldberg

SECTION: Sports; Pg. S7

LENGTH: 649 words

Less than six months after Adam Vinatieri's field goal gave New England its
first Super Bowl victory, the NFL is back. Most training camps open this week in
a new 32-team, eight-division league marked by the return of a franchise in
Houston.

But things are likely to be the same on the field, where 10 seasons of the
salary cap has ensured that any team truly has a chance to win the title. The
Patriots proved that last season, but enter this one as no better than the third
choice in their own division.

That's not to demean a team that turned team chemistry into an art form as Bill
Belichick mixed backup quarterback Tom Brady with a group of journeymen he had
coached at previous stops and turned them into champions.

It's just that no one has repeated in five seasons, and no one but St. Louis
stays good for very long.

The Baltimore Ravens, who preceded the Patriots as champions, are Exhibit A.
They have just 16 players left from the team that beat the New York Giants 34-7
for the 2000 championship and will have to get lucky to get to .500 this year.

"We knew that we would be facing some serious cap issues in 2002, but the
opportunity to win two Super Bowls in a row was overwhelming to us," said
personnel director Ozzie Newsome, who spent heavily last year in an attempt to
repeat. "What we're facing today is not something that's unexpected."

Camps open with more stringent medical measures in place because of the death
last summer of Minnesota offensive tackle Korey Stringer, who died after a
workout.

This year, medical monitoring has been stepped up, some dietary supplements have
been banned, and the agreement with the players union has been updated to allow
team physicians to go beyond the standard in administering physicals.

Meanwhile, every team thinks it can be the next New England.

Even the Houston Texans can dream after an expansion draft netted them a crop of
current and past all-Pros, such as offensive tackle Tony Boselli, still just 30.
He was let go by Jacksonville because of a series of recent injuries -- he just
had arthroscopic shoulder surgery again -- and his salary cap numbers are huge.

Add quarterback David Carr, the first pick in the draft, and there are fans in
Texas who seriously believe the new guys have a chance. They've sold 57,000
season tickets, more than the Oilers ever did.

"You have to remember that our guys have never played together," said coach Dom
Capers, who coached Carolina to a 7-9 record in 1995, their first season in the
league. "Other teams have a lot more cohesion."

Actually, the turnover is extreme in some places, such as Buffalo, Minnesota,
Tampa Bay and Indianapolis. They may have as much trouble learning each others'
names as the Texans.

Another team to watch is Washington, where Steve Spurrier becomes the fourth
coach in the three seasons that Dan Snyder has owned the team.

Spurrier is one of six new coaches, most of them "old" ones.

Tony Dungy was fired by Tampa Bay and signed on in Indianapolis; Jon Gruden left
Oakland to replace Dungy, and Snyder fired Marty Schottenheimer after a season.
Schottenheimer ended up in San Diego.

Bill Callahan replaced Gruden in Oakland, and Mike Tice replaced Dennis Green in
Minnesota, both moving up from assistants' jobs. John Fox, the Giants' former
defensive co-ordinator, replaced George Seifert in Carolina.

The other X-factor is the new alignment -- 32 teams, eight divisions with
Seattle switching from the AFC to the NFC, and play in the West with St. Louis,
San Francisco and Arizona, in league that is more geographically correct.

That means each team will play only six of its 16 games within its division.

There will be six playoff teams from each conference -- the four champions and
two wild cards, leaving open the possibility that teams will miss the playoffs
with better records that a champion in a weak division.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Doug Mills, The Associated Press; New England Patriots
kicker Adam Vinatieri celebrates after booting a game-winning 48-yard field goal
to beat the St. Louis Rams, 20-17, in Super Bowl XXXVI in February. The Pats
will be hard-pressed to repeat with the amount of parity in the NFL.

TYPE: Sports

               Copyright 2002 National Post, All Rights Reserved


                              323 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                       March 5, 2004 Friday Final Edition

Bush 'demeans' Sept.11 victims in ads: critics: President's use of Ground Zero
images in campaign 'makes me sick,' one says

SOURCE: The Associated Press

BYLINE: Liz Sidoti

SECTION: News; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 506 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON - President George W. Bush's campaign commercials -- on the air just
one day -- have run into a storm of controversy for using the Sept. 11, 2001,
terrorist attacks on the United States as a backdrop to highlight his message of
"steady leadership."

Several relatives of victims of Sept. 11 criticized the ads as inappropriate,
while a firefighters union demanded the ads be pulled.

Other victims' relatives saw no problem, while the White House defended the
commercials, which show images of the skeletal remains of the World Trade Center
in New York City and firefighters bearing a stretcher through the rubble.

"It makes me sick," said Colleen Kelly, who lost her brother, Bill Kelly Jr.,
and leads a victims families group called Peaceful Tomorrows.

"Would you ever go to someone's gravesite and use that as an instrument of
politics? That truly is what Ground Zero represents to me."

In Bal Harbour, Florida, the International Association of Fire Fighters Union
approved a resolution asking the Bush campaign to pull the ads, spokesman Jeff
Zack said. The resolution also urges Mr. Bush to "apologize to the families of
firefighters killed on 9/11 for demeaning the memory of their loved ones in an
attempt to curry support for his re-election."

The uproar began as Mr. Bush's re-election campaign began airing the commercials
in about 80 markets in 18 states.

The ads refer to the terrorist attacks and to the recent recession, and are
designed to project Mr. Bush as a candidate offering "steady leadership in times
of change."

The commercials do not mention Mr. Kerry.

One of the ads shows the charred wreckage of the twin towers with an American
flag flying amid the debris. Another uses that image as well as firefighters
carrying a flag-draped stretcher through the rubble as sirens are heard.
Firefighters are shown in all the ads.

Mr. Bush had said he would not use the attacks for political gain and his aides
defended the use of the images.

"Sept. 11 changed the equation in our public policy. It forever changed the
world," said Scott McClellan, the White House press secretary. "The president's
steady leadership is vital to how we wage war on terrorism."

Several relatives of victims also praised the ads.

"These images honour those whose lives were lost," said Debra Burlingame, whose
brother, Charles, piloted the plane that crashed into the Pentagon at the hands
of hijackers.

Deena Burnett, a Little Rock, Arkansas, resident whose husband, Tom, was one of
the passengers on United Flight 93, which crashed into a Pennsylvania field,
said the ads were "a perfect reminder of what happened that day."

But Kristen Breitweiser, of Middletown Township, New Jersey, whose husband,
Ronald Breitweiser, died in the World Trade Center, said Mr. Bush should not use
the tragedy as "political propaganda."

- - -

On the web for seven-day subscribers: Read the full text of George W. Bush's
first speech immediately after the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center.

www.ottawacitizen.com

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              324 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      April 5, 1987, Sunday, Final Edition

Sexism Still Sells;
What's So Funny About a Woman's Body?

BYLINE: Margaret Engel, Molly Peter

SECTION: OUTLOOK; PAGE C1

LENGTH: 1172 words


WHAT IS IT ABOUT the female form that strikes some men as funny? And why do the
rest of us continue to tolerate the manufacture and sale of objects and
postcards that ridicule women's bodies?

A recent exhibition at Howard University featured racist artifacts -- objects
that have become collectors' items. These items included saltshakers shaped like
mammy characters, ash trays using the lips of a caricatured black face to hold
cigarettes and ceramic figures of young black children eating watermelon slices.

These items, once considered humorous lampoons of ethnic stereotypes, aren't
manufactured anymore. Because it is socially unacceptable to produce them, they
have become fashionable relics sought by nostalgia buffs and antique hunters.
Even though the attitudes that spawned these objects haven't totally
disappeared, as a society we have become self-conscious about expressing those
attitudes publicly. Times have changed as far as racist objects are concerned.

But when it comes to sexist objects in the world of pop culture, times
apparently haven't. Sexist items have never left the marketplace. No need for
collectors or nostalgia buffs to buy T-shirts with sexist slogans because the
stock isn't about to run out. The fact is that it is still okay to ridicule
women in order to make a buck.

Susan Koppelman, author of "Images of Women in Fiction," says that sexist items
still sell openly because "it just never got dangerous to be a sexist." Although
the civil rights movement made it unacceptable to denigrate an entire racial
group, the women's movement never shook the institutions of society in the same
way. "You never went into churches and synagogues in the '60s and '70s and heard
fiery sermonsabout men giving up their power to women," said Koppelman. "Sexism
is more deeply rooted in our society than racism. Sexist behavior has never
become as socially unacceptable as racist behavior."

Anti-women icons graphically point out the physical differences between the
sexes. In the struggle to eliminate racism, a key element has been the
similarity of all races, the inherent human characteristics common to all
people. But the natural differences between men and women give the necessary
leeway for spoofs and jokes to continue.

Another reason is that, unlike racism, feminism never has been embraced by all
classes of women and men. It has been the domain of upper-middle-class women,
the ones who have benefitted most by its changes.

As a result, deeply entrenched anti-women attitudes can still be expressed
openly without much fear of criticism. It is this reality that allows the
continued sale of a plethora of childish merchandise that blatantly demeans
women. As one example, sexist slurs on women are on postcard racks all over
Florida. They are not faded cards from the l950s, but newly printed photographs
substituting oranges for a bikini-clad women's breasts or showing alligators
chomping off her swimsuit bottoms.

What is most insidious is the lighthearted, "good-humored" way in which most of
the anti-female slurs are merchandised. They are sold as novelties and
considered "gag" gifts. Sexist items aren't limited to the predictably tasteless
junk found in truck stops, like the standard packs of nudie playing cards.
Mail-order catalogs aimed at middle-American women -- the ones that feature
country kitchen accessories and Bible covers -- prominently feature items that
demean women and their bodies.

Here's a sampling from the Harriet Carter catalog, a 26-year-old enterprise in
North Wales, Pa., run by a modern-looking grandmother who fondly includes
photographs of her two-year-old granddaughter in her catalog.

How about the Sexy Apron, an item that resembles a women's torso and includes
round removable potholders shaped like breasts? The copy is filled with
double-entendre references -- for example "its generous proportions let you make
a clean breast of kitchen chores." Also offered are swizzle sticks of six
"strippers" whose clothes disappear when a drink is stirred.

Another theme is "women as garbage," with women's black underpants that are used
as an automobile trash bag. ("Just think of the smiles of amusement when your
friends see this hanging from your dashboard . . . .")

For those wishing to keep their sexism hidden, there's the conservative navy
blue tie whose lining reveals a silk-screened photograph of a nude woman. For
those wanting to broadcast their beliefs, there's the man's T-shirt with the
statement, "Life's a Bitch and Then You Marry One . . . ."

Because something that should be unacceptable has been defined as humor, women
are seen as bad sports or humorless if they object to them. As the blurb for the
T-shirt reads, "Tongue-in-cheek attire for the harassed hubby who hopefully
married a woman with a sense of humor. Great bachelor party gift."

By defining the unacceptable as humor, women are left defenseless against these
insults, according to Byrn Mawr psychologist Clark McCaulley. He sees humor as
one of the most aggressive forms of personal attacks, because there is no good
comeback for the victim. Humor is particularly devastating because the hostility
is disguised. The message is, if you want to be cruel, make it a joke.

But the humor travels one way only. T-shirts, hats and other artifacts of
popular American culture that lampoon the male physique are rarely sold. Why
isn't the penis considered as funny as women's breasts and buttocks? The answer,
McCaulley says, is that sexual humor has been the domain of men and they don't
find their bodies funny. He finds that the very act of mocking women asserts
men's dominance.

The issue goes beyond merchandise. Jean Kilbourne, a media analyst and lecturer
who has researched advertising's images of women since the 1960s, continues to
find so many sexist images that her slide presentation, "Killing Us Softly," is
being updated this summer with hundreds of new examples into "Still Killing Us
Softly."

"Racism and sexism both still exist and are still pernicious, but sexism is
taken less seriously," Kilbourne says.

The shifting roles between men and women also contribute to the continued sale
of sexist items, according to Ray Brown, director of the Institute for Pop
Culture at Bowling Green State University. The tensions created by the Supreme
Court's support of affirmative action won't help the situation, either. "People
buy these items to try to hold on to the vestiges of their resentment and hate,"
he says.

As news reports, human rights commissions and campus incidents show, there has
been a disturbing increase in racial, ethnic and religious incidents in America.
We can hope that this doesn't foreshadow renewed commerce in stereotyped racial
and religious artifacts. Unfortunately, the merchandising of items offensive to
women isn't in any danger of being revived. They never disappeared in the first
place.

Margaret Engel covers health and social services for The Washington Post. Molly
Peter is a Washington businesswoman.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, TWP

TYPE: ANALYSIS

                       Copyright 1987 The Washington Post


                              325 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                October 28, 1991, Monday, North Suncoast Edition

What fans said

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 403 words



Baseball fans gathered at sports bars to watch Game 7 and recall the spectacular
happenings that led up to it:
 "Pretty damn exciting series, and it beats watching Tampa Bay football."
 Michael Fuqua, 44, Tampa
 "What can you say about them. Atlanta is fantastic. Cox has definitely made
some mistakes, though."
 Dan Arbusto, 44, Lakeland
 * "The chop isn't meant to demean anybody. It's part of a sporting tradition.
When you get a popular team, people find a way to show their appreciation."
  Pat Rometo, 36, Riverview
 "This is one of the greatest Series in a while. Go Twins "
 Woddy Nordstrom, 29, Austin, Minnesota
 "In the beginning, this was a pitcher's thing, but by the end of the Series
both teams started to hit like they had during the season."
 Keenan Brown, 28, Tampa
 "We don't want the "Buc' tradition in our "Chief' sport, we just want to
"Brave' the elements and "Skin' the opposition."
 Marilyn Rometo, 37, Riverview
 "I think the World Series is just an excuse for my boyfriend to go out and
drink beer."
 Colleen Sharkey, 24, St. Petersburg
 "It's been great, but I can't stand the hankies. I'm sick of it "
 Paul Swederski, 29, Appleton, Wisconsin
 "I'm a little disappointed with the American Indians. I think they are taking
advantage of the press. It's a great compliment to name a team after something."

 Keith Venning, 34, Tampa
 "It was a great matchup of evenly matched teams, and Lemke is awesome."
 Dwayne Hertel, 37, Dallas, Texas
 "I love sports and there is no better way to go than to see the World Series go
down to the final game. It gets everyone's blood flowing. I get really pumped
up, and for that moment of time life seems better."
 Chris Sharples, 34, St. Petersburg
 "At least this is some excitement and there has been competition in this World
Series. If there wasn't any competition in this World Series, it would be like
watching the Bucs and knowing they're going to lose. No one wants to watch the
Buccaneers."
 Jody Hernandez, 25, St. Petersburg
 "It's a religion for me to watch the World Series. And if you're a true
baseball fan you want to see the World Series go to seven games.  This World
Series and I'm a Braves fan has been emotionally draining. It has taken me an
hour to unwind before I can finally fall asleep because of the drama that has
unfolded throughout the World Series."
 Terry LeMaster, 29, St. Petersburg

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company


                              326 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             July 20, 1993 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

HOWLING AT HOOTERS;
CRITICS SAY CHAIN'S IMAGE DEMEANS WOMEN EMPLOYEES

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 772 words

DATELINE: BLOOMINGTON, MINN.


Former waitress Whitney Miller remembers the customer who refused to pay

for his food-- unless she took off her shirt.

That, he thought, "was what Hooters was for."

Was he mistaken? A growing number of critics of Hooters, a chain of bar-

restaurants, would say he was right on the money.

They say Hooters' success-- 104 franchises in 25 states and annual sales

in excess of $150 million-- is built on a corporate image that uses women

employees as sexual ornaments and, according to recent lawsuits, encourages

unwelcome sexual advances by customers and managers.

One lawyer who has filed sexual harassment lawsuits on behalf of former

Hooters waitresses calls it a "corporate culture of misogyny."

Protests have been launched in Illinois, Maryland, Michigan, Ohio and

Virginia, the National Organization for Women has raised objections, and

Working Woman magazine inducted Hooters into its 1992 Hall of Shame.

Like many bars, Hooters has waitresses-- "Hooters Girls"-- in scanty

costumes, taking orders for beer and chicken wings.

But Hooters attorneys and company officials deny they're marketing

anything more than innocent "sex appeal."

And the name? It's not a double-entendre reference to women's breasts,

Hooters' management says. It's about owls.

"For us, Hooters is just the name of the restaurant," said Mike McNeil,

vice president of marketing for Hooters of America Inc. in Atlanta. "If that

was our desire, to blatantly name it after a portion of the female anatomy,

there are much more blatant slang terms that we could utilize."

No question. When the original Hooters opened 10 years ago in Clearwater, on
Florida's Gulf Coast near Tampa, it inspired several competitors: Knockers,
Melons and Mugs `n Jugs.

Seven harassment lawsuits have been filed by former waitresses at the

Hooters bar in the Mall of America, the giant shopping and entertainment

complex in the Minneapolis suburb of Bloomington. Another sexual harassment

lawsuit was filed earlier this month in Fort Lauderdale by a former Hooters

waitress.

At the heart of the lawsuits is the argument that Hooters' "concept"--

waitresses in scanty costumes, nod-and-a-wink references to women's anatomy,

cheesecake calendars and swimsuit photo magazines featuring "Hooters

Girls"-- invites sexual harassment of women employees.

That harassment, the Minnesota lawsuits say, included Hooters' managers

and other employees grabbing and propositioning women employees and commenting
about their breasts. One of plaintiffs, Dawn Felepe, said she was

propositioned by Hooters managers at least 50 times in the nine months she

worked there.

Customers also felt free to make sexual comments, the lawsuits say. Some

waitresses said they were asked if they wore underwear. Others were asked

their bra size. Others were simply asked for sex.

Managers told them to tolerate it, the women say.

Miller, one of the plaintiffs, said managers told her she shouldn't work

as a "Hooters Girl" anymore because her breasts became smaller after she

stopped breast-feeding her son.

As a 25-year-old single mother, Miller worked six months at Hooters to

support her son. Her attorney, Lori Peterson of Minneapolis, says Hooters

offered her the job before the restaurant opened and wasn't candid about the

requirements.

"I now realize that no amount of money is worth being a sexual target

because I'm female," Miller said, when the lawsuits were filed.

Lisa Gray, Hooters' attorney in Minneapolis, says the lawsuits contain

"outrageous and inflammatory allegations which are clearly written for

press consumption." McNeil denies that the Hooters concept degrades women.

"Hooters Girls in our concept are put on pedestals," he said. "We treat

them like a celebrity. We even put them on Hooters Girl trading cards."

Still, the first thing that greets visitors to the restaurants is the

Hooters logo, an owl whose enormous, round orange eyes form the O's in

"hooters" and look like line-drawing representations of breasts.

This is how the Hooters menu explains the name: "The dilemma . .. what to name
the place. Simple-- what else brings a gleam to men's eyes everywhere

besides beer and chicken wings and an occasional winning football season.

Hence, the name Hooters."

Some Hooters restaurants have also used the slogan "More than a

mouthful" on T-shirts worn by waitresses. McNeil says it's not the company's

official slogan, and some restaurants have stopped using it.

Company managers say they're not about to start hiring Hooters Boys.

Said McNeil, "When you get a concept that works as well as this one does

. . . you don't want to change where you put the salt and pepper shakers, let
alone something as essential to the concept as the Hooters Girls."

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO/1990 FILE PHOTO & AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 1993 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              327 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            January 25, 2009 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

SOUTH BEACH AN EDGE? NOT SO

BYLINE: By CHRIS PERKINS Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 7C

LENGTH: 310 words

DATELINE: MIAMI


Forget all that stuff about the Heat having the best home-court advantage (i.e.
South Beach) in the NBA. Orlando coach Stan Van Gundy, who spent 12 years with
the Heat as a head coach and assistant coach, said such an edge doesn't exist.

"When people say things like that, they demean what Miami does when they win
games," he said.

"That's always the reason, people went out? And NBA players don't go out in any
other city in America? Only in Miami? They don't go out in New York? They don't
go out in Atlanta? They don't go out in L.A.? Why isn't it part of the Lakers'
success when they win? Come on."

The so-called South Beach advantage contends visiting players overextend
themselves until 5 a.m. or later on South Beach and then have no energy for the
game.

"I never bought that," Van Gundy said. "You have a home-court advantage when you
have a really good team."

As a final note, Van Gundy recalled the 2002-03 season when the Heat was 25-57,
including 16-25 at home.

"And then last year (when the Heat was 15-67), people must have never gone out
in Miami because they didn't have a home-court advantage," he said.

For the record, the Heat entered Saturday's game 12-7 at AmericanAirlines Arena,
tied for the eighth-best home mark in the Eastern Conference.

Super Mario, super quarter

Rookie guard Mario Chalmers had a hand in 20 of the Heat's 32 first-quarter
points against Orlando on Saturday.

He scored 13 points and had three assists.

Heat eye Livingston return

President Pat Riley said there's a chance the Heat will bring point guard Shaun
Livingston back this season.

"We're in communication with him," Riley said Thursday.

Livingston was traded to Memphis on Jan. 7 but the Grizzlies immediately cut
him. The Heat has to wait 30 days before it can re-sign Livingston.

Miami has 14 players on its roster, meaning it has one spot available.

~chris_perkins@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  HEAT NOTEBOOK

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (B&W)
 Van Gundy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              328 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            August 20, 2002 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Sports of The Times;
'Let's Roll' Demeans Real Heroes

BYLINE:  By GEORGE VECSEY

SECTION: Section D; Column 1; Sports Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 748 words


UP to now, the most annoying thing ever to emanate from Florida State has been
the tomahawk chop, a patronizing parody of alleged American Indian war cries,
with accompanying chopping motions.

This bit of bad taste unfortunately crossed state lines to Atlanta, where it was
adapted by fans of Deion Sanders, a two-sport star with a double-sized ego. The
witless, monotonous tomahawk chop managed to ridicule American Indians as well
as annoy baseball fans all over the map.

But as college football flexes its steroid-inflated muscles for a new season,
both the chop and the egotist who inspired it must take a back seat to a new
level of xenophobia out of Tallahassee, Fla.

In all its self-centeredness, Florida State has decided to adapt as its fight
slogan for the coming season the words uttered by an actual American hero, Todd
Beamer.

Before going out to butt heads with Iowa State this Saturday, the Florida State
players are going to wear T-shirts bearing the words Let's Roll.

The use of the slogan ostensibly honors Beamer, who uttered the words as he and
several other people on United Airlines Flight 93 rushed toward the cockpit to
confront the terrorists who had seized the plane on Sept. 11.

Nobody really knows what happened, but Beamer and his companions are generally
believed to have kept the plane from speeding to a fiery destination at the
White House or some other target in Washington. Instead, it crashed in
Pennsylvania, killing everybody on board.

Those few heroes resisted evil when it lurched into their lives. Now Beamer's
words, and his companions' actions, are being adapted by a band of beefy
recruits wearing the colors of a state university as they try to score more
points than the beefy recruits wearing the colors of other institutions of
higher learning.

This blatant misuse of a hero's words was the idea of Bobby Bowden, the
venerable 72-year-old coach of Florida State. By all standards, Bowden is on the
decent side of college football coaches. He is publicly polite, win or lose, and
displays an adult knowledge of history and current events. Plus, he does not
creep you out with sanctimony the way other coaches do.

Bowden said he adapted Beamer's words in homage to the heroes on Flight 93. But
by putting the words on T-shirts and using them as the rallying cry, Bowden is
over the line. He huffed that his critics might have a patriotism problem, which
gets to the core of the issue.

College football's self-absorbed charm is that each university thinks it
uniquely deserves victory on Saturday. Very often, the Good Lord is invoked to
look over the fortunes of teams, even from state schools, as if the Good Lord
cares who wins a football game.

The passions of solipsistic "programs" in many regional pockets of the country
go way beyond the sentiments for more overtly professional sports. Lakers
basketball fans or Steelers football fans or Red Sox baseball fans or Rangers
hockey fans love their teams, and their histories, but deep down they know their
players are just another band of Hessians recruited by money. College football
is closer to religion than diversion.

Needless to say, no official at Florida State is openly suggesting Bowden has
gotten this one wrong. His players say they are honoring American heroes, but
the homage suggests that opponents -- the enemy, so to speak -- are somewhat
less deserving. Florida State even picked up the endorsement of Douglas
MacMillan, Beamer's friend and the chairman of the Todd M. Beamer Foundation,
who visited the campus last week.

MacMillan said he had "very heartfelt conversations" with Bowden, and that "just
looking around his office I could see his patriotism and his sincerity."

To be fair, Florida State is not the only entity to use words or images from the
ghastly national tragedy. Outside the ballpark in Pittsburgh, when baseball
resumed last September, a vendor was selling T-shirts that bawdily mocked Osama
bin Laden. Athletes have worn NYPD and FDNY caps in games. Bruce Springsteen
issued songs on the theme, and Neil Young wrote one called "Let's Roll."

Lisa Beamer, the widow of the hero, has helped write a book, due out this week.
Its title is -- oh, but you guessed it -- "Let's Roll." After her public grace
in the last dreadful year, Lisa Beamer has every right to use her husband's last
recorded words.

But artistic license goes deeper than motivating a team. Bowden is a good man
who should have known better. So should his university. Welcome to football
season.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Bobby Bowden (Associated Press)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              329 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     August 15, 1993, Sunday, City Edition

Demeaning democracy

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; EDITORIALS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 540 words



"The constant hunt for campaign dollars demeans our elections, distorts our
legislation and diminishes our democracy," says Sen. Edward Kennedy.

He should know better than anyone else. The Massachusetts Democrat,  expecting
his toughest re-election fight ever, already has raised more than  $ 2-million
for his 1994 campaign. That's more than any other incumbent  senator.

Kennedy is hardly alone, though. The 32 incumbent senators facing  re-election
next year have amassed more than $ 27-million among them. As  Kennedy says, the
hunt for campaign money is constant in Washington, but  members of Congress are
on a particularly frantic fund-raising binge these  days.

Lobbyists and other political donors find themselves being leaned on now
because lawmakers fear that pending campaign reform legislation will inhibit
their fund-raising efforts next year. Or at least they claim to fear that
reform is coming. Congress has resisted similar efforts before, and neither
party's leaders seem eager to follow through on the new fund-raising and
lobbying restrictions being pushed by the White House and a few congressional
reformers.

Still, incumbents aren't going to pass up a handy excuse for an early
fund-raising blitz. Many lobbyists are complaining that they are being
subjected to more heavy-handed solicitations than ever - often from the same
members of Congress who decry the process whenever the cameras are rolling.

For all that pious talk, opposition to serious ethical reform seems to be  the
one issue on which most Democratic and Republican incumbents agree. The  Senate
already has greatly diluted President Clinton's original proposal, and  House
Democrats succeeded in blocking efforts to place tougher limits on the  amount
of money that political action committees can give to candidates.  Provisions
for public financing of congressional elections have been  eviscerated, and many
lawmakers are plotting to overturn a recent Senate  amendment that would require
lobbyists to disclose most of the gifts they  provide to individual lawmakers
and members of their staffs.

Meanwhile, Congress' self-styled reformers still are studiously ignoring  other
egregious loopholes, such as the legal expense trust funds that allow  Bob
Packwood, Dan Rostenkowski and a host of others to hire the best lawyers  that
money can buy to defend themselves against allegations of criminal or  unethical
behavior.

These funds aren't even subject to most of the meager rules that govern
contributions to campaign accounts. For example, corporations and unions  cannot
contribute to campaigns, but they can give money directly to the legal  trust
funds. And individuals dissatisfied with the $ 2,000 limit on  contributions to
election campaigns can, if they so choose, dump $ 10,000 into  an influential
lawmaker's legal defense trust fund instead.

As long as these kinds of loopholes escape scrutiny, Washington's corrupt
fund-raising system will continue to demean, distort and diminish the
democratic process. Maybe Kennedy and other members of Congress will finally
get around to doing more than talking about the problem, once they finish
stuffing their pockets.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                            Times Publishing Company


                              330 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            April 17, 2013 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Sometimes, justice isn't enough

BYLINE: Tom Jackson, tjackson@tampatrib.com

SECTION: PASCO; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 697 words


Tom Jackson

tjackson@tampatrib.com

Today we are all Bostonians, and as the United States of Beantown, we want
answers. We deserve answers. Ultimately, we shall have answers.

President Obama vows the grotesque perpetrator(s) in Monday's Boston Marathon
massacre will be apprehended, and will know the full expression of U.S. justice.
As George W. Bush did before Obama, and Bill Clinton did before Bush, and Ronald
Reagan did before Clinton and so on to the early days of the republic when,
rising to the challenge of the Barbary pirates, Thomas Jefferson growled
famously, "Millions for defense, but not one cent for tribute."

On the subject of hunting down bad guys who express their politics by attacking
American innocents, U.S. presidents tend to be prophetic. Sooner or later, one
way or the other, we nail 'em.

And then what?

This is not to demean in any way the importance of swift, certain and total
justice. The idea of getting caught and being punished is more than just
complementary half-hours of the "Law and Order" television franchise. It's what
keeps 99 percent of us from acting on our worst impulses.

But vital as it is, sometimes even the finest after-the-fact justice is not
enough. This is one of those times.

Two explosions in close succession launched shrapnel ripping through runners and
well-wishers near the finish line at America's best-known marathon Monday
afternoon, redefining wrong time, wrong place. Justice will not resurrect the
dead or restore severed limbs and shattered senses.

Far beyond Boylston Street, justice cannot erase the horrific images of random
savagery, or restore our sense of well-being. Nothing will ever be the same, all
over again. Riveted to our video screens, we gasped anew with every fresh
replay; wept at the sight of the wounded; cheered those who instinctively ran
toward the chaos; and prayed the impossible prayer: Make this go away; undo this
terrible thing.

In the absence of divine intervention, soon enough -- perhaps already -- our
attention will be diverted to thoughts of proactivity. What can we do so this
never happens again?

And there we are, once more walking the razor's edge where freedom competes with
personal security. Benjamin Franklin spoke memorably and bleakly about the
tradeoff, saying those willing to swap the first for a temporary dose of the
latter "deserve neither."

Then again, although he experimented with electricity, Franklin didn't know the
first thing about Wi-Fi, digital cameras and omnivorous databases, and those
technologies may yet enhance public safety with virtually no impact on
individual freedom.

Would broader application of cameras in public spaces make sense? Their use is
touted as both a crime-solver and a criminal deterrent in London, in lower
Manhattan and, indeed, in Tampa, where unblinking eyes on poles are an enduring
benefit from last summer's Republican National Convention.

"Talk to people who have lost somebody in one of these terrorist incidents and
say, 'Would you rather have your loved one dead or a camera on the telephone
pole?' I think they'd say they'd take the camera on the telephone pole," New
York Congressman Peter King says.

Locally, we know this, at minimum: Pasco Sheriff Chris Nocco can scarcely get
through a press briefing or a speech to Rotarians without touting the virtues of
intelligence-led policing, which stresses concentrating resources on the worst
actors and the hottest locations. Plainly, surveillance cameras, standing
perpetual guard and never asking for overtime pay, would enhance that effort.

Wait. Almost certainly, once the bomber(s) is/are apprehended we will learn more
about how, or whether, law enforcement and race organizers missed their cues,
and also whether cameras in abundance would have made any difference.

We should be careful, then, about what we ask from our lawmakers in this moment
of fury, sorrow, frustration and fear. We want answers. In the interest of
justice, let's make sure they're the right ones.

tjackson@tampatrib.com

(813) 371-1851

https://www.facebook.com/TomJacksonTribune

Twitter: @tjacksonTBO

Copyright © 2013, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2013 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              331 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                          January 31, 2001, Wednesday

Relocation to Tulsa doesn't come as surprise

BYLINE: JIM LEITNER

SECTION: Pg. b1

LENGTH: 748 words


Ted Scherr remembers walking outside a rink in suburban Chicago, selling raffle
tickets to raise money for the Dubuque Fighting Saints at the National Junior
"A" tournament.

That was back in the mid-1980s, long before the United States Hockey League
developed into a big-business proposition. Fifteen years later, the financial
difficulties caught up to the Saints, who on Tuesday announced a move to Tulsa,
Okla., after this season.

"You pretty much knew it was coming, it was just a matter of when it would
happen," said Scherr, a member of the "Save Our Saints" group who served as team
president when a non-profit board of directors operated the team. "To the real
hockey hard-liners in Dubuque, it's not a shock at all. I'm sure it surprised
some people, but probably not most of them.

"I don't mean to demean anybody. It's a business decision most people should
understand."

The non-profit board also made a business decision in 1996, when mounting
financial losses prompted it to offer the club for sale. Brian Gallagher, the
current head coach and general manager, headed a New York-based group that
purchased the club.

Gallagher hoped to return the Saints to their glory days of the early 1980s. But
a league that continued to expand into larger markets in the Midwest forced the
Saints to the bottom.

Last week, the USHL decided to make the jump to Tier I hockey from Junior "A."
The move means dramatically higher operating costs, including the teams footing
the bill for players' housing - $ 200 per month per player.

"They've been talking about going to Tier I for years, and as soon as that
became a reality, you knew it was going to be tough for the Saints to stay
here," said Ken Gaber, also a former team president who has housed Saints
players for all but the first season of the club's 21-year history.

"When we had some lean years, the main thought we had was 'What will be the
ramifications to the youth program?' We wanted keep it going so we could have a
strong high school and youth hockey presence here in town."

Jack McCullough, president of the Dubuque Youth Hockey Association and an
over-30 player, said he hopes the Saints' decision to leave does not impact
participation.

"It helps our numbers if the Saints are winning," he said. "If the Saints win,
there's more enthusiasm for the game, and kids are more apt to join. But, let's
face it, the Saints haven't been having much success lately, so I honestly don't
think it will have that big of an impact. I hope it doesn't.

"I don't know if I see too many different faces at Saints games than I see in
youth hockey."

McCullough said his organization will go forward with plans to increase
participation. The DYHA and the City of Dubuque have discussed building an
in-line rink at Allison-Henderson Park. He expects to see a carryover from
in-line hockey players to the ice version.

Matt Laatsch, a Saints defenseman, would like to see a carryover of another
sort. He said the players appreciate the way the community embraces its players
and would like to see that continue.

"Dubuque is a good Junior hockey town, so hopefully another team from another
league can move in here soon," he said. "It's going to be hard for the people
who really got behind us, and I feel bad for them. But I understand it from a
business standpoint.

"My housing parents, the (Phil and Linda) Schwinns, have been housing players
for 15 years, and I know it's going to be tough on them if they don't have a
team here next year. I really hope they can get another team."

As the Saints gradually became the smallest market in the league, they dropped
in the standings. Dubuque hasn't had a winning season since going 24-20-4 and
reaching the national semifinals in 1994-95.

The Saints have qualified for the USHL playoffs only once since, and their
highest league finish was sixth. At 9-21-4, they are 12 points out of the
league's eighth and final playoff spot.

"It's going to be tough on those fans, especially the ones who have stuck behind
the team the last three or four years," Saints second-year forward Mike Bry
said. "They've been pretty faithful. I don't have another year (of eligibility)
left, but it's definitely a place I'd come back to if I could.

"A lot of the guys want to do something for the fans the last part of the season
here. We need to start winning some games, so we can make the most out of the
season. Maybe this is something that could kind of spark us."

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Second-year forward Mike Bry said the players would like to finish the
season strong to reward their loyal fans.

                        Copyright 2001, Telegraph-Herald


                              332 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 22, 1999, Friday, Late Edition - Final

NYC;
Still Pining For Series Via Subway

BYLINE: By CLYDE HABERMAN

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 717 words


THE brain tells you that it demeans all of Gotham to suggest its self-esteem is
somehow enhanced by the success of its baseball teams.

Not to live up to every outlander's stereotype of the arrogant New Yorker, but
this is not Cleveland or Phoenix or Arlington, Tex., some of the outposts that
briefly were contenders for Major League Baseball's championship. Unlike them,
New York needs no ratification from those who calibrate municipal worthiness
according to the skills of overpaid men playing children's games.

But the brain knows nothing of the heart.

As much as this old Yankees fan delights in the prospect of another World Series
triumph, he has trouble letting go of the glorious might-have-been: a Subway
Series between the likable, if overly efficient, Yanks of the Bronx and their
over-the-river cousins, the Mets of Queens, who are not so much a ball club as
an opera. Even yesterday, a day after the Mets were eliminated by the worthy
Braves of Atlanta, this town still reeled from the emotional roller coaster and
late nights that the Queens crew had put it through.

Groggy? The city is Met-lagged.

"A Subway Series would have been terrific, just so the young could get a sample
of what it was like," the writer Pete Hamill said. He grew up in Brooklyn, where
the Dodgers broke his heart more times than he cares to count, losing the World
Series almost every time to the dread Yankees.

Roger Angell, the elegant chronicler of baseball for The New Yorker, recalls
with affection the last era of the Subway Series, the 50's, before the Dodgers
and the Giants caught the last train for the Coast. "Baseball ran all through
the city in the fall, year after year, not just on TV but on radio, so you would
hear it everywhere on the street," he said. "Everyone was involved. I don't
think it's an exaggerated memory."

Not exaggerated at all, which is why it would have been great if today's Mets
and Yankees fans could have tasted what it felt like, in Mr. Hamill's words, "to
have the whole world focused on your town, at least the part that cares about
baseball."

"But that," he added, "is a big chunk of the world."

As special as a Subway Series now seems, it was the natural order of the
universe for a boy growing up in the New York of the 50's. The earth twirled
around the sun, winter melted into spring, grass grew green -- and the Yankees
were in the World Series just about every year, usually facing the Dodgers or
the Giants. For eight years starting in 1949, there were six Subway Series in
New York, the last in 1956.

"Taking it for granted was part of the deal," Mr. Hamill said.

If you lived or died with the Yankees, they were nothing less than the glue that
held American society together.

Think of the turmoil that the country was plunged into, for years, from 1964 on.
Some will give you reasons like the budding antiwar movement, the urban riots or
the Kennedy assassination. Don't listen to them. Nineteen sixty-four was the
last year of a Yankees dynasty that had dominated baseball for four decades. Was
it mere coincidence that its collapse was followed by national chaos?

FANS of the Brooklyn Dodgers and New York Giants would probably reject this
thesis. Some of them drew different lessons. "It was learning how to lose more
than anything else, and to do it with grace," Mr. Hamill said. "As long as you
got carried out on your shield, that was the thing."

On the other hand, John B. Manbeck, the Brooklyn borough historian, is not
convinced losing is all it's cracked up to be. "No grace was necessary," he said
of the Dodgers' many Series defeats.

Had there been a 1999 Subway Series, New York might have updated old themes.
Ancient debates about who was better, Mantle or Mays, could have been made
modern with arguments over who's the better Japanese pitcher, Irabu or Yoshii.

Oh, well. It was not meant to be. But it was a joy to contemplate, and for that,
New York may owe the ousted Mets a parade along with the glory-bound Yankees.

"The 15-inning game was the defining game," Mr. Hamill said. "There were --
what? -- 40,000 people there in the rain at the end of the game. That wouldn't
have happened in L.A. They would have been at home long before, watching the end
on TV."

"This city," he said, "is about sticking it out."

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              333 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                             July 29, 2004 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Segregating speech Free-speech zones demean democracy

SECTION: SECTION A; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 587  words


Earlier this month Nicole and Jeff Rank went to the grounds of the Capitol in
Charleston, W.Va., where President Bush was about to make a campaign stop. The
area was prepared by Bushs advance team, which ensures that Bush-bound zones are
aflutter with pro-Bush signs. The Ranks wore T-shirts that said, Love America,
Hate Bush. They were arrested, cuffed and charged with trespassing trespassing
on the public grounds of the West Virginia State Capitol, which on any other day
serves as one of the citys leafier, most welcoming parks. It happened on the
Fourth of July. But its been happening routinely for the past three years. When
President Bush travels, he surrounds himself, banana-Republic style, only with
adoring fans. Protesters are segregated in so-called free-speech zones anywhere
from a quarter mile away to 10 miles away (as they were at last months gathering
of world leaders on Sea Island, Ga.). Protesters who stray from the zones are,
like the Ranks, arrested. What are free speech zones doing in a country that
guarantees the right to free speech? Theyre catching on. At the Democratic
National Convention this week, protesters are being corralled in free-speech
zones that are nothing less than holding pens. The zone is a block away from the
Fleet Center in Boston, where the convention is taking place. Protesters are
essentially out of sight of the convention hall, segregated both geographically
and physically by concrete and chicken-wire barriers, with train tracks on two
sides and a side street on the third. Theyll be similarly corralled away from
Madison Square Garden when the Republican National Convention kicks off in New
York City Aug. 29. The free-speech zones are demeaning both to protesters and to
the First Amendment, particularly when the First Amendment is most urgent during
political events. The conventions are scripted down to the last detail. The
speeches, the platforms, the candidates have all been set. It should have been a
different story outside the hall, where unscripted voices provide that portion
of dialogue without which no democracy is complete. Those voices are not welcome
by the supposed purveyors of democracy. That most protesters arent complying
with the zones doesnt make a difference. An anti-war protest involving 3,000
marchers took place in Boston Sunday afternoon, for example, through several
city streets and Boston Common. The march was thick with police in full riot
gear, with drug- and bomb-sniffing dogs, and with undercover agents who were
ready to pounce on the first sign of perceived misrule. But the perception of
misrule has itself been narrowed to a hair trigger, forcing protesters to go
through the motions of protest without having room to express the passion of
protest. Between the creation of free- speech zones and the saturation of actual
protests with a purposefully intimidating police presence, speech has been
rendered anything but free, and political expression that doesnt toe the
accepted line anything but audible. Citing terrorism to justify the clampdown on
protest exaggerates the threat. Making it the scapegoat of repressive measures
is another way of achieving terrorisms aims by other means. Terrorists neednt
bother disrupting democracy in action when security measures already do the job
at taxpayers expense. From Bushs public appearances to the two political
conventions, security is the excuse, contempt the method and silence the result.
And this is the democracy the conventions are pledging allegiance to.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Caption: Protesters kneel as they demonstrate against being forced
inside a fenced-in Free Speech Zone in Boston on Monday.Associated Press file

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2004 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2004 News-Journal Corporation


                              334 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            April 2, 2008 Wednesday

A's home opener evokes memories

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: COLUMNISTS; Athletics; Baseball; Sports

LENGTH: 756 words


OAKLAND -- Former Oakland manager Dick Williams threw out the ceremonial first
pitch before the A's home opener Tuesday night. Huey Lewis wasn't there to sing,
"Back in Time," but he could have been.

This is an anniversary season for the A's, and it comes at a good time. See, the
A's have made plenty of history in Oakland, starting with their first game here
40 years ago. It's worth celebrating, especially considering the retooled,
unproven nature of the current team.

Not to demean the A's players who lined up along the third base line Tuesday
evening. It may turn out they're on the cusp of something wondrous, as was the
team that arrived here in 1968. But we don't know that now.

For now, history is the safe way to go. Shortly after Williams exited the field,
four A's alumni took his place. Joe Rudi, Sal Bando, Terry Steinbach and Dave
Henderson threw ceremonial pitches 2 through 5, to warm applause.

The A's didn't have that kind of historical cache in 1968. They were coming off
a perversely perfect stay in Kansas City -- 13 seasons, 13 losing records. They
brought in California Gov. Ronald Reagan to throw out the first-ever first pitch
in Oakland.

The first boos Tuesday were directed at the visiting Boston Red Sox. Forty years
ago the fans went straight for the elected official.

As it happened, April 17 was the tax deadline in '68. "One thing I'm sure of,"
Reagan told the crowd, "is that a lot of you paid your taxes."

The crowd booed.

"Up to a few minutes ago," Reagan said, "I was happy to be here."

Tuesday's national anthem singer was lovely and talented Jessica Johnson. In
1968 they played a recording. Owner Charles Finley had tried to secure the
services of Tennessee Ernie Ford, but couldn't reach an agreement on how much
the accompanying band should be paid.

Tuesday's crowd of 36,067 paled compared to the '68 opener. Or did it? Announced
attendance that night was 50,164.

"Well," sneered Ron Bergman, who covered the Finley-era A's for the Oakland
Tribune, "that's what they said."

Bergman was on hand Tuesday, and seemed to enjoy the pageantry. But to compare
it to 1968? "I don't remember being especially elated (then)," he said. "Not
like the '72 World Series."

First pitch Tuesday was a strike from Joe Blanton to Boston's Jacoby Ellsbury at
7:09. It came at 7:46 in '68, from Oakland's Lew Krausse to Baltimore's Curt
Blefary.

But the better story in '68, Bergman said, was the first ball sent out of play.
George Ross was the Tribune sports editor then, and he had lobbied long and hard
for the A's to relocate to Oakland. As it happened, the first foul ball of the
game sailed into the press box.

"And it landed right at (Ross') feet," Bergman said.

Game time temperature Tuesday was 56 degrees. No official record exists for the
'68 opener. Bergman estimates it was somewhere between uncomfortable and
unbearable.

"It was an open-air press box then," Bergman said. "It was so cold the writers
starting wearing panty hose to stay warm."

The quality of the opposition on both occasions was top-notch. The '08 A's met a
Red Sox team coming off two World Series wins in four years. The '68 A's played
an Orioles team 18 months removed from a World Series sweep of the Dodgers.

On both occasions, the A's first run of the game came on a home run by a
left-handed slugger. Tuesday it was Jack Cust, belting an off-field shot off
Daisuke Matsuzaka. Forty years ago it was Rick Monday, who connected off Dave
McNally.

The first error Tuesday came when A's first baseman Daric Barton dropped a pop
foul. In '68 the honors went to shortstop Campy Campaneris on a grounder by Boog
Powell.

There was backstory both then and now. These A's opened the season in Japan
before returning to California to resume spring training. They had it easy.

In 1968, the A's trained in Florida. Their plan was to play a series of
exhibitions up the coast until they arrived in Baltimore for their season
opener.

They were in Birmingham, Ala., the night Martin Luther King was assassinated.
Riots broke out throughout the South.

"When we got to Baltimore, we lost our hotel because it was taken over by the
National Guard," Bergman said. They wound up in Towson, Md., where there was a 4
p.m. curfew.

During a workout in Baltimore, "You could see the town burning from the
stadium," Bergman said.

After two games in Baltimore, the A's moved on to Washington, D.C., to play the
Senators.

"They were burning down that town, too," Bergman said.

Some history is better remembered than celebrated.

Contact Gary Peterson at gpeterson@bayareanewsgroup.com .

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Boston Red Sox' Hideki Okajima works against the Oakland Athletics
during the seventh inning of a baseball game Tuesday, April 1, 2008, in Oakland,
Calif. (AP Photo/Ben Margot)
A's fan Michelle Chilicky of Dublin cheer during the Oakland Athletics' home
opening day ceremonies prior the MLB game against the Boston Red Sox at McAfee
Coliseum in Oakland, Calif., on Tuesday Apr. 1, 2008. (Ray Chavez/The Oakland
Tribune)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              335 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               January 16, 2000, Sunday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

UF fan says Warrick has endured enough

BYLINE: HUBERT MIZELL

SECTION: SPORTS; MIZELL MAILBAG; FANFARE; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 650 words



As a faithful Gator, my tolerance for triumphant FSU football stories has long
since been painfully exceeded. I pulled for UF against the Seminoles and then
for Virginia Tech. But I can take my losses without stooping to bad-mouthing.

FSU fans are equally guilty.

One thing really bothers me about some fellow UF alums. Why can't we back off
the continued brutalizing of Peter Warrick, who's paid enough price for his
one-shot youthful stupidity? That talented young man took some loud, even vulgar
stadium abuse in Gainesville and played great against my Gators. I even got
silly, waving a Dillard's shopping bag. Warrick was sensational when the
Seminoles won the national championship in New Orleans.

It sickens me to hear media and UF people harshly demean (FSU coach) Bobby
Bowden about not kicking players off his team for breaking mere Sugar Bowl
curfew. Look, it's not murder or spousal abuse or bank robbery. It's the coach's
little rule. Let him decide. Although I do think Bowden should show more serious
concern for moral mess-ups by his athletes, rather than trying to make a joke
about such things.

As Gators, we should cool it and push to make our own team better before meeting
FSU next season in Tallahassee. Seminoles should similarly self-examine. Sadly,
when we hear or read a comment about either the Seminoles or Gators, it's too
often easy to tell from what camp it came. Biases have become ridiculous.
Whatever happened to fairness, equality and real sportsmanship?

Joyce Boone

Palm Harbor

Amen. Can we make copies for all?

A long-time friend (50 years ago a teammate on an undefeated high school
football team) sent me your column: "Thank you for special moments." I am very
flattered to be mentioned in the light - especially with your Marcy and Kevin.
Hard to believe the century has wound down. Hope the holidays and New Year's
were wonderful for you. Thanks again for the thoughtful mention.

Lamar Hunt

Dallas

Among owners of NFL franchises, or pro teams in any other league, I am yet to
see a person with less ego and more class than the proprietor of the Kansas City
Chiefs. Only one who compared, in my sports-writing time, was Art Rooney, late
owner of the Pittsburgh Steelers.

A disgusting display by both Michigan State and Florida players leaves much to
be desired. All the arrogance and taunting by Michigan State's gorillas was a
tasteless display of thugs. Coaching staffs should be held responsible. Gators
were not angels either. It's very sad, what's going on in college football.

Andrew Massario

St. Petersburg

Steve Spurrier taking over for Jimmy Johnson would be a smooth transition, since
they are both jerks. Why not do one of your old "roses and onions" columns? I
remember the great comparison you had of Rod Laver and Jimmy Connors.

Larry Brooks

Odessa

One more Citrus Bowl element to blame: incompetent game officials from the ACC
who allowed the ugliness to mushroom.

As for Spurrier vs. Johnson, but not to compare coaching skills, I tend to give
Steve a 3-to-1 edge over JJ as a human being. Spurrier is a solid husband,
father and grandpop. Johnson's personal track record is something less. I'll be
kind and not get specific.

I worked nine years for the Texas Rangers, taking tickets and selling beer and
hot dogs. When they began allowing fans to bring coolers into the ballpark, with
fried chicken, snacks and plastic bottles, attendance went up. Not everyone can
afford $ 3 hot dogs and $ 2 soft drinks. Just a thought. Maybe it would work
here (for the Devil Rays).

Pat Germata

Port Richey

Interesting idea, Pat, but my guess is that D-Rays boss Vince Naimoli would
sooner allow tire irons into Tropicana Field than invite patrons to not be
concessions consumers.

REACH THE MAILBAG Mizell's Mailbag

St. Petersburg Times

P.O. Box 1121

St. Petersburg, FL 33731

You can also e-mail: mizell@sptimes.com


LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              336 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    December 27, 1991, Friday, City Edition

Government should learn from mistakes

SECTION: LARGO-SEMINOLE TIMES; LETTERS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1575 words



Editor: The East End project in Clearwater will be a flop because:

     Most cities in Florida do not have the density of land use that makes
downtowns interesting and attracts multitudes of people.  Suburban sprawl is
much more costly than urban density, a lesson learned decades ago by Portland,
Ore., and Ithaca, N.Y.

     Most cities in Florida do not have the diversity and mix of housing,
businesses, shops, restaurants and workplaces that make downtowns interesting
and attract multitudes of people, which is why the likes of Columbia, Md., and
Reston, Va., are successful.

     Most cities in Florida are automobile friendly rather than people friendly,
encouraging auto use to the detriment of people. That helps explain the success
of suburban malls: They have density and diversity and are people friendly. Up
to 70 percent of urban areas is for the movement and storage of cars, a
monstrous distortion of priorities and a huge public subsidy.

     Many governments in Florida appear unfriendly (sometimes hostile) toward
taxpayers. Meetings are scheduled and structured so as to demean and discourage
lively, healthy debate from citizens.  Governments often treat citizens
presumptuously for questioning projects (many times conceived outside the glare
of public scrutiny), and spare nothing to justify themselves.

     Most governments in Florida go out of their way to accommodate property
owners' development rights, ignoring the collective rights of the society they
are, in fact, established to protect

    Unless and until governments recognize and understand these basic
principles, we will endlessly repeat the failures and horrors of empty shopping
centers, vacant land removed from tax rolls, urban sprawl, snarled
transportation, isolated neighborhoods and environmental degradation. No wonder
citizens feel disenfranchised, disgusted, frustrated and have little or no
confidence in any level of government.

    Every government person in Florida should read "Worldwatch Paper 105" and
"Steering a New Course" by the Union of Concerned Scientists. Then they should
demand that planners adopt from the experiences of other places around the
world; for instance, Copenhagen, Denmark; Seattle, Wash.; Boulder, Colo.;
Edmonton, Alberta; Delft, Holland; Caracas, Venzuela; Moscow; and the world's
most startling example of innovation and farsighted  planning, Curitiba, Brazil.


    Without these innovations, grandiose schemes such as the East End project
are doomed to partial success or failure before gestation. More empty, deserted,
failed, tax-gobbling projects are not what we need.
    Michael L. MacDonald, Clearwater
 Teachers need training


   Editor: Re: Dec. 11 letter by M. Luther on the defects in Florida's schools.

    Teaching is a profession and requires professional training. I know of no
state that will certify a graduate who had two courses in his major field to
teach the subject. Teachers of history are required to earn 25 credits in
history in most states. There is a limit to the number of courses that can be
required in other subjects. Taking one or two courses in math, science, etc.,
does not earn certification to teach those subjects.

    I have a niece who is typical of many students in liberal arts schools. She
majored in education, but when she reached the time to go to the laboratory
school she refused. Associating with students who were planning careers in law,
medicine, etc., had convinced her that teaching was not dignified enough. She
was granted a degree in liberal arts but was trained to do nothing. She returned
to her home and entered Penn State where she majored in merchandising.

    Liberal arts are essential, but I maintain they should be accompanied by
some job training.

    I doubt whether Mr. Luther would advocate the elimination of all medical,
dental, engineering and similar schools. A school of education is just as
essential in the teaching profession.

    So many people, including Mr. Luther, feel that all that is necessary to
improve the schools is to spend more money. This is a false impression. If we
spend $ 4,000 per pupil in Florida, the money doesn't reach the teacher. Florida
always has been ranked near the bottom among the states in education. It takes
years to develop a good school system, as New York and California will attest.
Better paid teachers will not do it in a year.
    F.O. Lamberson, Largo
 Columnist questioned


   Editor: Guest columnist Robert Sherwood asks where the defenders of freedom
are. However, his main point seems to be that he thinks our system and
government are corrupt.

    Corrupt systems and governments do exist, but not here. Our problem is not
now and never has been that our system is corrupt L but rather that certain
individuals have been and are now corrupt.  More so now than at other times in
our past? I doubt it.

    Sherwood bemoans the lack of demonstrators today, and credits the youth of
the last generation with ending the Vietnam War. But it was less than a year ago
that we were treated to TV visions of protests against Desert Storm and any and
all wars, not to mention the even more recent Wichita abortion spectacle. These
demonstrators were out of step just as were those of the Vietnam era in not
reflecting the views of most Americans.

    We don't need screaming children posing for TV to tell us what to think.
Granted, as the Vietnam War wore on, much of its popular support eroded and the
protesters then, by chance, found themselves to be on the same side as the
majority. This does not mean that we should have listened to them in the first
place. It might mean that without their strident rabble-rousing we could have
brought the war to a more satisfactory conclusion.

    Unemployment is not reaching new highs. It is for this recession, but not
compared with previous economic downturns.

    Poverty, education, drugs, crime, pollution and health care are said to be
ignored by our government. They have not been ignored, although we haven't been
successful in improving these legitimate concerns as fast as some would like.
And haven't these things always been problems? They are not new symptoms of a
corrupt system nor does their existence necessarily mean that a system is
corrupt.

    While we may indeed expect some "peace dividends," it is not true that the
Cold War and arms race, or something like them, are really over. It seems we
have always spent the peace dividend only to find ourselves unprepared for the
next war. As a retired Army colonel, Mr. Sherwood should know this if nothing
else.

    Sherwood calls us to action to public and private demonstrations. I would
suggest that a big mouth is not an indication of a big brain, nor is a sign with
witty sayings a substitute for the truly democratic avenues for redressing our
problems. In calling on us to restore a democratic government, Sherwood urges us
to form seditious mobs.


William L. Weaver, Largo
 Deputies have priorities


   Editor: This is for Merton Congdon regarding his Dec. 7 letter, "Sheriff
should protect the golf courses, too."

    Dear Mr. Congdon,

    Maybe you should spend a little more time reading the newspaper or, while
you're out on the golf course, listen to the radio. The sheriff's deputies have
enough responsibilities now. They would gladly respond if called, but they can't
be everywhere. I think they do a very good job now and they really don't deserve
that type of criticism. In case you haven't noticed, crime happens in Pinellas
County and I and a lot of other people want them to take care of the criminals.

    Perhaps your golf course should hire someone to watch over the greens. It
charges enough for a round of golf, surely it can afford to protect the greens.

    The sheriff had to drastically cut his proposed budget for things he needs
for good operations of both the law enforcement and corrections divisions. I'm
sure he would like to keep everyone happy, but the dollars aren't always there
for that type of duty.

    If your course can't cover the cost of hiring someone, then maybe it should
raise its green fees. Relaxation and exercise are important, but we must be
reasonable.


Betty Elsesser, Seminole
 Firefighters praised


   Editor: On Dec. 3 we had a plumbing pipe fail on the fifth floor of our
eight-story retirement center. Subsequently, we took approximately 1,000 gallons
of potable water onto the floor and it immediately started seeping down, floor
by floor, until it reached the ground floor. As this water traveled, it shorted
out our fire alarm panel and automatically signaled an alarm to the Clearwater
Fire Department.

    The Fire Department arrived in approximately four minutes and quickly
investigated the affected areas to make sure it was safe for us to remain in the
building. The firefighters then took the initiative to assist in removing a
great amount of water from the fifth floor. They used a wet vac and even shovels
in their attempt to assist us.

    Their professionalism and obvious dedication were a tribute to the entire
city. We here at The Hampton at Clearwater are very proud and honored to have
these people serving us.
    Carl M. Harris, general manager

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: LARGO-SEMINOLE TIMES; CLEARWATER TIMES; NORTH PINELLAS TIMES

TYPE: LETTER

                            Times Publishing Company


                              337 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     January 3, 1992, Friday, City Edition

True story: Bucs turn to media for coach clues

BYLINE: GARY SHELTON

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 775 words



Gee, Hugh. Glad you asked.

    In a move that strikes you as comical until it settles in as just plain
frightening, those wacky Tampa Bay Bucs asked for help in selecting their new
football coach. They asked the media to vote.

    Swear to God.

    The Franchise Without a Clue actually sent forms out to the media Thursday,
asking members to vote for whom they wanted as a head coach. For the TV guys,
who need a few hints from time to time, the form was multiple choice.

    Now, I don't mean to demean my own profession or anything, but doesn't it
strike you that there just might be better places to seek advice?

    What a blast of reality. Just when you became convinced this team wasn't
going to screw things up again, they pulled off one of those "You've Gotta Be
Kidding" items to remind you they are indeed the Bucs. You shudder to think what
other professions might have a vote in this search.

    I admit it. Up to this point, I had been fooled into believing that team
owner Hugh Culverhouse had changed his ways and intended, for once, to worry
more about collecting defeats than collecting receipts.

    This is what Culverhouse won with his full-fledged pursuit of Bill Parcells.
I'm not saying I didn't buy Parcells' story when he said there was no agreement,
but if Parcells were Pinocchio, it would take him two weeks to turn a corner.

    If Culverhouse had decided to make that commitment, you thought, surely he
would keep it. When he said he was going to consider hiring Jerry Vainisi as
general manager, you thought maybe someone had turned the lights on for him.
Maybe he finally had stopped listening to the wrong people.

    Today, however, the Bucs seem as clueless as ever. They will soon announce
the hiring of the Coach of a Lesser Fan, and they have to justify it. So they
have started feeling out the media, to see who will wash and who won't.

    The same thing happened last year. Executives would talk to members of the
media and ask how a certain coach might go over.  Soon, the question was "What
would people think of Richard Williamson?" Evidently, no one screamed in horror
loudly enough.

    Now, there is a list that includes ex-NFL coaches Buddy Ryan, Sam Wyche,
Chuck Knox and Lindy Infante, college coaches Dennis Green (Stanford), Bruce
Snyder (Cal) and Dennis Erickson (Miami) and NFL assistants Mike Holmgren (San
Francisco) and Floyd Peters (Tampa Bay). Oh, and there was room for a write-in
vote, in case anyone wants to try to wrest Ray Perkins from Arkansas State.

    Me? Well, since Hugh asked, I'd hire Ryan.

    Okay, so Ryan is going to shake up the front office as much as the players
on the field. Well, who in the front office shouldn't be shaken up? Has anyone
in the front office proven they should be comfortable?

    If Ryan will deliver victories and who doesn't think he would?  then get him
aboard. And admit you were wrong for not hiring him a year ago.

    The second choice shouldn't be a coach. It should be Vainisi. Only Ryan of
this bunch has the clout to pick his own players. If he doesn't come, hire
Vainisi and let him run things.

    And if he still needs help, here is my post-Ryan list.

    2. Mike Holmgren: From the Bucs' list, it is clear they are thinking offense
(only Peters and Ryan specialize on defense). If so, call Holmgren Vinny's Last
Chance. Holmgren molded Steve Young and Steve Bono, and he's thought of as the
brightest young mind in the league. You put the faces of Vainisi and Holmgren on
a billboard, and advertise it as "Under New Management" and it will sell.

    3. Chuck Knox: Unfortunately, Denver coach Dan Reeves doesn't host a local
call-in talk show. If he did, Knox would get a vote.  Consider what Reeves said
about Knox this week. "I can't see how you can't talk to him if he's available,"
Reeves said. "His record is unbelievable. From the Rams, to Buffalo, to Seattle,
he put them all in the playoffs."

    4. (For extra credit) Sam Wyche. If you're afraid of Buddy's baggage, wait
till you get a load of Sam's. He knows his offense, but he is utterly incapable
of passing a windmill without stopping to joust. Whether it's women reporters,
fans taking the results too seriously or his own resignation (firing?), Wyche is
a controversy-seeking missile. Be wary.

    Don't bother to thank me, Hugh. I know you appreciate it. After all, I am
knowledge, I have a press card.

    Besides, I understand why you're asking us. Even a one-eyed man can give
directions to the blind.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              338 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    August 22, 2000, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Besides A-Rod, pitchers, outfielders boost player pool

BYLINE: Hal Bodley

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 5C; Baseball

LENGTH: 782 words


This year's free-agent class will be separated into two parts:
Alex Rodriguez and all the others.

That's not meant to demean other players who'll be selling their
talents to the highest bidder after the World Series. This is
potentially one of the most exciting groups of free agents in
years. You could field an All-Star team with the talent available.


But Rodriguez, Seattle's brilliant young shortstop, is the marquee
player. He'll become the highest-paid player in baseball history.
Whether it's with the Mariners or some other high roller is the
only question.

Rodriguez, who just turned 25, certainly will surpass the$ 116.5
million deal Ken Griffey Jr. signed with Cincinnati last winter
and the $ 105 million contract the Los Angeles Dodgers gave Kevin
Brown. This year Rodriguez is earning $ 4,362,500.

In less than five full seasons, Rodriguez is giving indications
he can become the greatest shortstop ever. He's already hit 178
homers and driven in 560 runs and is outstanding on defense.

Rodriguez has more home runs than Henry Aaron had at the same
stage of his career.

Scott Boras, who represents Rodriguez, tends to exaggerate, but
there is credibility when he says his client "is the kind of
player who becomes available maybe once in a decade, maybe once
every 50 years. At his age, he's the best at his position in history."

Most general managers hope Rodriguez signs early. Regardless,
he's going to raise the salary level and affect the other signings.

"I think this is a good group," Los Angeles Dodgers general
manager Kevin Malone says. "I like a lot of the players who could
be available this offseason. There are some impact guys who can
really make a difference to a team. I think history tells us the
market continues to escalate because there's such a premium on
talent."

Of all the potential free agents, this year's group of starting
pitchers has general managers breathing heavy. The top four are
Mike Mussina, Baltimore; Mike Hampton, New York Mets, Darren Dreifort,
Los Angeles, and Denny Neagle, N.Y. Yankees. San Francisco's Robb
Nen might become the No. 1 relief pitcher available.

Cleveland's Manny Ramirez, the Yankees' Paul O'Neill, Detroit's
Juan Gonzalez and the Mets' Derek Bell are a sampling of some
of the well-known outfielders who might be available.

Free agents, of course, have two weeks to file beginning the day
after the World Series.

Right call: Major League Baseball should be applauded for
not allowing the Minnesota Twins to play some of their home games
outdoors next month. The Twins were considering playing a Sept.
18-20 series against the Texas Rangers at a temporary 25,000-seat
ballpark that would be erected just for those games.

This would be nothing but asandlot park. To play games there would
have cheapened baseball. Commissioner Bud Selig has established
standards for all ballparks, and this certainly fell far below.

Expos have money: Montreal Expos owner Jeffrey Loria was
quick to blast a report that his embattled franchise might not
be able to make payroll next month.

Considering the problems the Expos are having in Montreal it's
understandable that such a report could surface. The fact is,
Loria is well-heeled, and although the Expos had revenues of "only"
$ 48.4 million last year they made a small profit.

That the Expos turned a profit is one of the arguments Yankees
owner George Steinbrenner makes about revenue sharing. He says
when rich teams give to a pool that helps the poor, it should
be so they can become more competitive instead of helping the
bottom line.

Around the horn: Baseball had its second-highest single-day
average attendance Saturday -- 42,312. It was the highest average
ever for a 15-game schedule, and the total of 634,678 was the
second highest in history.  . . . Rob Manfred, baseball's
chief labor lawyer, says progress was made in umpire negotiations
during three sessions last week. Talks resume Wednesday.  .
. . Former San Francisco Giants vice president Corey Busch,
as part of Commissioner Bud Selig's initiative on ballparks, has
begun updating and collecting data on potential franchise locations.
Even though the commissioner says no movement is imminent or projected,
Busch is conducting site visits to determine location stability
in the event a team relocates.  . . . Carl Everett is signed
through 2002 with the Red Sox, with a $ 9.15 million option for
2003. His contract demands the Red Sox exercise the option between
Nov. 1-10 this year. If that happens, the Red Sox will defer parts
of his 2002 and 2003 salary and pay him a $ 333,000 bonus.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Ray Stubblebine, Reuters; PHOTO, B/W, Ed Betz, AP; Ready
for a windfall: The Mariners' Alex Rodriguez should get more than Ken Griffey
Jr.'s $116.5 million deal with the Reds.  At the starter's gate: Mike Hampton of
the Mets is one of a quartet of starting pitchers who is attractive to general
managers.

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              339 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                            April 2, 2008 Wednesday

It takes five former A's to equal Gov. Reagan

SECTION: SAN MATEO; A's; Sports

LENGTH: 756 words


OAKLAND -- Former Oakland manager Dick Williams threw out the ceremonial first
pitch before the A's home opener Tuesday night. Huey Lewis wasn't there to sing,
"Back in Time," but he could have been.

This is an anniversary season for the A's, and it comes at a good time. See, the
A's have made plenty of history in Oakland, starting with their first game here
40 years ago. It's worth celebrating, especially considering the retooled,
unproven nature of the current team.

Not to demean the A's players who lined up along the third base line Tuesday
evening. It may turn out they're on the cusp of something wondrous, as was the
team that arrived here in 1968. But we don't know now.

For now, history is the safe way to go. Shortly after Williams exited the field,
four A's alumni took his place. Joe Rudi, Sal Bando, Terry Steinbach and Dave
Henderson threw ceremonial pitches 2 through 5, to warm applause.

The A's didn't have that kind of historical cache in 1968. They were coming off
a perversely perfect stay in Kansas City -- 13 seasons, 13 losing records. They
brought in California Gov. Ronald Reagan to throw out the first-ever first pitch
in Oakland.

The first boos Tuesday were directed at the visiting Boston Red Sox. Forty years
ago the fans went straight for the elected official.

As it happened, April 17 was the tax-filing deadline in '68. "One thing I'm sure
of," Reagan told the crowd, "is that a lot of you paid your taxes."

The crowd booed.

"Up to a few minutes ago," Reagan said, "I was happy to be here."

Tuesday's national anthem singer was lovely and talented Jessica Johnson. In
1968 they played a recording. Owner Charles Finley had tried to secure the
services of Tennessee Ernie Ford but couldn't reach an agreement on how much the
accompanying band should be paid.

Tuesday's crowd of 36,067 paled compared with the '68 opener. Or did it?
Announced attendance was 50,164.

"Well," sneered Ron Bergman, who covered the Finley-era A's for the Oakland
Tribune, "that's what they said."

Bergman was on hand Tuesday, and seemed to enjoy the pageantry. But to compare
it with 1968? "I don't remember being especially elated (then)," he said. "Not
like the '72 World Series."

First pitch Tuesday was a strike from Joe Blanton to Boston's Jacoby Ellsbury at
7:09. It came at 7:46 in '68, from Oakland's Lew Krausse to Baltimore's Curt
Blefary.

But the better story in '68, Bergman said, was the first ball sent out of play.
George Ross was the Tribune sports editor then, and he had lobbied long and hard
for the A's to relocate to Oakland. As it happened, the first foul ball of the
game sailed into the press box.

"And it landed right at (Ross') feet," Bergman said.

Game-time temperature Tuesday was 56 degrees. No official record exists for the
'68 opener. Bergman estimates it was somewhere between uncomfortable and
unbearable.

"It was an open-air press box then," Bergman said. "It was so cold the writers
starting wearing panty hose to stay warm."

The quality of the opposition on both occasions was top-notch. The '08 A's met a
Red Sox team coming off two World Series wins in four years. The '68 A's played
an Orioles team 18 months removed from a World Series sweep of the Dodgers.

On both occasions, the A's first run came on a home run by a left-handed
slugger. Tuesday it was Jack Cust, belting an off-field shot off Daisuke
Matsuzaka. Forty years ago it was Rick Monday, who connected off Dave McNally.

The first error Tuesday came when A's first baseman Daric Barton dropped a pop
foul. In '68 the honors went to shortstop Campy Campaneris on a grounder by
first baseman Boog Powell.

There was back-story both then and now. These A's opened the season in Japan
before returning to California to resume spring training. They had it easy.

In 1968, the A's trained in Florida. Their plan was to play a series of
exhibitions up the coast until they arrived in Baltimore for their season
opener.

They were in Birmingham, Ala., the night Martin Luther King was assassinated.
Riots broke out throughout the South.

"When we got to Baltimore, we lost our hotel because it was taken over by the
National Guard," Bergman said. They wound up in Towson, Md., where there was a 4
p.m. curfew.

During a workout in Baltimore, "You could see the town burning from the
stadium," Bergman said.

After two games in Baltimore, the A's moved on to Washington, D.C., to play the
Senators.

"They were burning down that town, too," Bergman said.

Some history is better remembered than celebrated.

Contact Gary Peterson at

gpeterson@bayareanewsgroup.com .

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              340 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            February 2, 2003 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Ken's Corner

BYLINE: KEN HAMBLETON, Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: D; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 480 words

DATELINE: Lincoln, NE


How come it's OK for the Irish to be "fighting" while it's not OK for the
Illini? What about the sensitivities of Crusaders, Discoverers, Raiders and
Buccaneers? T.S.

The Journal Star adopted a policy to avoid using Native mascots and nicknames
that lampoon, cartoon and in general, demean human groups, such as the
Washington Redskins and the Cleveland Indians' Chief Wahoo mascot.

Interestingly, Wheaton College (Ill.) has changed its team nickname from
Crusaders to Thunder because "Crusader" is offensive to Muslims. Hawaii dropped
"Rainbow"from Rainbow Warriors because the "rainbow" connotation to
homosexuality. Miami of Ohio dropped Indians over the objections of the actual
members of the Miami Indian tribe.

Former Nebraska athletic director Bill Byrne dropped "Corn"from
"Cornhuskers,"because "Huskers" was a better marketing tool.

Nobody has gone after Spartans, but remember the history of Sparta, leaving
"unfit" children to die on a mountain side and eschewing intellectual pursuits.

There are still some questions out there.

What are we going to do about the "Battling Bishops" of North Carolina Wesleyan
and Ohio Wesleyan?

We have the "Battling Beavers" of Blackburn College, the "Fighting Farmers" of
Lewisville, Texas, and the awesome vision created by the Mount Clemens (Mich.)
"Battling Bathers." How about the sight of the oncoming Scottsdale
(Ariz.)Community College "Fighting Artichokes?"

And what about the ecological impact of the Pistons, Oilers, Jets, Steelers,
Lumberjacks and Boilermakers?

In Nebraska we probably have some people upset that we have the Blue Devils of
Wayne and Plattsmouth and the Clarkson Red Devils.

Then, there are the strange nicknames: Illinois College Blueboys and Lady Blues;
Cobden (Ill.) Appleknockers, the Cal-Santa Cruz Banana Slugs,  the Fordyce
(Ark.) Redbugs (alma mater of Bear Bryant), the Vincennes (Ind.) Alices, the
Lyndhurst (Ohio) Arcs, and the Johnson High School (Savannah, Ga.)Atom Smashers.

Hoopeston, Ill., is known as the CornJerkers, which is different from
Cornhuskers. Huskers remove the silk and husk, while jerkers take the ear off
the stalk.

There's the Koncrete Kids of Northampton, Pa., and the Tarpon Springs (Fla.)
Spoongers, the Winters (Texas) Blizzards, the Poca (W. Va.)Dots (not likely to
become the Hontas), the Rhinelander (Wis.) Hodags, the Freeport (Ill.) Pretzels,
the West Plains (Mo.) Zizzers and the Teutopolis (Ill.) Wooden Shoes.

Nebraska has a share of different nicknames, with the Cozad Haymakers, Pender
Pendragons, Sutherland Sailors, Malcolm Clippers, Ord Chanticleers, Minden
Whippets, Lexington Minutemen and Minute Maids, Gothernburg Swedes, Diller-Odell
Griffin, Fairbury Jeffs and the terrifying Omaha Benson Bunnies.

The bottom line is that none of those strange ones makes fun of a group of
people.

Questions, comments? Reach Ken Hambleton at 473-7313 or at
khambleton@journalstar.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: b/w photo of mascot.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2003 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              341 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 15, 1993, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Hard-Core Rap Lyrics Stir Backlash

BYLINE: By MICHEL MARRIOTT

SECTION: Section 1; Page 1; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 2238 words


In his latest hit song, the rapper L.L. Cool J rhapsodizes about the erotic
promise of the back seat of his jeep to a girl he has lured there to "give it"
to her "real raw."

During a recent appearance at the Palladium in Manhattan, MC Lyte rapped about
the "ruffneck" attributes she prefers in a man, among them, an "evil grin," a
penchant for trouble and a habit of urinating in public.

And the title of a song by the hard-core rapper Dr. Dre has become a popular
slogan on T-shirts through the city. The part that can be printed here basically
equates women with "hos and trix" -- translated, whores and tricks.

Apprehension and Fear

Perhaps not since rock 'n' roll was born kicking and screaming into the placid
1950's has an expression of youthful rebellion and verve been viewed with so
much apprehension and fear by America's adult mainstream as the look, sound and
sexual attitudes that characterize much of rap music today.

But unlike earlier controversies -- the obscenity case against 2 Live Crew's
sexually charged records or the criticism of Ice-T's "Cop Killer" -- an emerging
backlash to hard-core rap is growing among blacks, many of whom had appeared
reluctant to criticize a popular form of black expression.

"I think a lot of misogynous rap is similar to crack," said Bell Hooks, a
feminist writer and professor of women's studies at Oberlin College in Ohio who
is black. "It gives them a sense that they have power over their lives when they
don't."

Given the fast-growing popularity of rap among white youths in the suburbs, Dr.
Hooks and others worried that some black artists were reinforcing white
stereotypes of blacks.

"It's like we have consumed the worst stereotypes white people have put on black
people," Dr. Hooks said.

Even some rappers said they too were disturbed by the turn the genre has taken
in the last several years in glorifying gunplay and drug use and its negative
attitudes toward women.

Some of the complaints were prompted by recent incidents in New York municipal
swimming pools in which young girls were taunted or sexually assaulted by young
men; in some incidents the youths chanted a popular rap song, "Whoomp! (There It
Is)."

But the criticism goes beyond the city's pools.

For more than a month, a group of black men and women called Masses United for
Human Rights has been marching along 125th Street in Harlem, demonstrating
against the sale of T-shirts with the title of Dr. Dre's song. The group is also
trying to block a New York appearance of the Los Angeles-based rapper that had
been scheduled for next month, but is now indefinitely postponed, according to
one box office that was selling tickets to the show.

Black ministers in New York, Dallas, Los Angeles and Detroit have also begun to
challenge lyrics that they say are immoral and self-destructive. The Detroit
chapter of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People is
calling for a more critical examination of rap music that encourages
"stereotypical and inappropriate behavior" while supporting more "positive" rap
music, said its leadership.

Influencing Behavior

"People are outraged, man," said the Rev. Calvin O. Butts 3d, pastor of the
Abyssinian Baptist Church in Harlem who has taken up a crusade against hard-core
rap. "You get to the point where you are constantly hearing, over and over, talk
about mugging people, killing women, beating women, sexual behavior. When young
people see this -- 14, 15, 16 years of age -- they think this is acceptable
behavior."

Yet many rap performers casually dismiss the complaints about songs and videos
that exalt the immediate gratifications of sexual conquests, remorseless
violence and "gangsta" values of materialism and self-interest. "What is said is
O.K. as long as they're paid for it," said Dr. Dre, one of whose videos shows a
young man yanking off the bikini top of a young woman playing volleyball at a
cookout.

While condemning the sexual attacks at the swimming pools, many rap artists said
rap was guilty of nothing more than accurately reflecting the life of the
streets from which the music was spawned some 15 years ago.

'Expressing How It Is'

"A lot of people are talking about killing," Biz Markie, a 29-year-old rapper
from Harlem, said of best-selling rap lyrics. "That's their way of expressing
how it is around their way. A lot of things are happening, and rap is the only
way of expressing how people are truly feeling."

Father MC said he was considering naming his upcoming album "Sex Is Law," saying
most people were bored with everything but sex and money.  Other artists
downplayed their influence over their audiences and directed blame at the very
parents who are now complaining about the anti-social behavior that they say
some rap listeners are exhibiting.

"It is up to the household for parents to control the viewing and listening
privileges of their children," said Heavy D, a popular rapper whose music has
prospered without the misogynist elements of hard-core rap. "My parents had
control."

"Certain things shouldn't be viewed by children," he added.

'More Sad Than Mad'

Even critics of the content of hard-core rap are sympathetic to their origins.
Stephanie Stokes Oliver, editor of Essence, a black women's magazine, explained
that while some lyrics might be painful and offending to women, it is probably
pain that produces them.

"I'm more sad than mad about it," she said. "I know a lot of people take out
their powerlessness on their family. I think they are taking it out on us, the
women."

"We as a people still have a lot of psychological fallout from slavery and all
this backlash from the Bush-Reagan years," she added. "Men don't have any more
power in society; what power some have comes out of their mouths in rap."

But Ms. Oliver worries that many young black women don't realize how their
portrayal in some songs and videos -- as being sexually subservient to men --
affects all of them.  "They don't see any of this affecting our people," Ms.
Oliver said. "They say I know I'm not a bitch, so he's not talking about me, so
I'm not offended."

Heated Exchanges

An indication of the volatility of the issue could be seen last month when,
during the annual meeting of the National Association of Black Journalists, a
panel discussion about the message and coverage of rap exploded into heated
exchanges between a rapper and some of the journalists.

When asked why some rappers denigrate women in their music, Richard Shaw, better
known as Bushwick Bill of the rap group the Geto Boys, defended his lyrics.

"I call women bitches and hos because all the women I've met since I've been out
here are bitches and hos," he said. About 100 journalists, most of them women,
walked out of the discussion in which about 300 people had attended.

Maulana Karenga, professor and chairman of black studies at California State
University at Long Beach, said many rappers have a distorted understanding of
what black life is. And with the assistance of what he described as powerful
white recording companies ever too willing to sell black stereotypes, the rap
world view is disproportionately magnified.

"They have truncated and divided black life and tried to elevate street life
into black life," Dr. Karenga said of hard-core rappers. "The reality is that we
are a working-class people and have held things together with religion,
self-respect, creativity and a remarkable adaptive vitality and durability under
some of the worst conditions of oppression in human history."

The Worst of Stereotypes

Dr. Hooks, the Oberlin College professor, added that mainstream white culture
also plays a large role in popularizing and enlarging hard-core rap, which is a
big seller in suburban record shops. In fact, she asserted that it was the
appeal of black people acting out the worst of white stereotypes that has made
the music so profitable.

Some rappers said they also believe that some rap is losing its way.

"At first, they were telling the truth," Spunky D, a female member of the rap
trio To Be Continued, said of hard-core or gangster rap that emerged from the
West Coast in the late 1980's. "It consisted of everything, the drug dealer, the
gang banger, the prostitute; they said everything that was going on in the black
community.

"But now they're tripping over it," she added. "People are doing what they hear
now, and they want to be shooting up people and want to have big money and
stuff."

Death and Destruction

Chuck D, of the New York-based group Public Enemy, has often said that rap music
is the Cable News Network of its listeners. If that is so, said Spunky D, who
lives in the Oakland, Calif., area, listeners are regularly drummed with news of
death and destruction.

Richard Wesley, a successful black playwright and screenwriter, said the
popularity of hard-core rap stemmed from the attitudes that attracted young
people to rock 'n' roll for decades. "It is anti-establishment,
anti-authoritarian and it is rebellious, which are all things to guarantee that
it relates to youth," Mr. Wesley said.

"Everybody thought Run-D.M.C. was hard when they came out, and then we found out
that they were preachers' sons from Hollis, Queens. A lot of these kids are
coming from middle-class homes, or at least homes with middle-class
aspirations."

Yet the celebration of the "ruffneck," as MC Lyte calls it, represents a
generations-long paradox of identity in black America, Mr. Wesley said.

Attitude and Mannerisms

When a black family is able to give its children the benefits of education, hard
work and love, some youths experience a kind of survivors' guilt, Mr. Wesley
said. "Middle-class kids want to show that they are still down, so they affect
the attitude and mannerisms of kids from much poorer backgrounds." It is, he
said, an elemental part of the style and attraction of hard-core rap.

But one rapper, Juice, half of the duo Juice With Soul, said young people must
learn to differentiate between fictions on records and the facts in their
neighborhoods. "A lot of these kids don't realize that these rappers, they go
home to their fancy cars. Nobody is really staying around that hard kind of life
no more."

Masta Ace, a 24-year-old rapper who decidedly wants to take his music in a
different direction from hard-core, had a similar view, saying that said
listeners should realize that most rap artists are creating "characters," to
sell records.

Biz Markie said critics of rap take it too seriously.

"It's strictly entertainment," he said of his work that often earns him, even on
a "bad night," he said, $15,000 a performance. He said he believes much of the
debate stems from jealousy on the part of those who do not earn as much money as
rappers do.

'The Hook and the Beat'

"Rap is making more than politicians, more than the average Joe," he said
proudly. Besides, he said, "People don't really go along with the words. They go
along with the hook and the beat."

Joseph Simmons, known as Run and one of few rappers who would permit his actual
name to be published, was philosophical about the question of rap music
influencing juvenile behavior. Speaking of the sexual assaults in city pools,
Mr. Simmons, 28, said, "I don't feel the rappers influenced the kids to do what
they did in the pool.

"But I have seen a rise lately in the disrespect of black women," said Mr.
Simmons who is a member of Run-D.M.C. "I think that has to do more with parents
than the rappers."

"Are we the ones influencing the world?" he asked. "If that was the case, what
music was Bill Clinton listening to when he whirlpooled Lani Guinier?" Mr.
Simmons said, referring to the President's withdrawal of support for his
appointment to be Justice Department's chief of civil rights.

MC Lyte, a honey-voiced 22-year-old pioneer among female rappers, said parents,
not rappers, have to take more responsibility for how young people behave and
think.

"What ever the youth is doing today you can't blame it all on rap music because
they kill in movies, they rape in movies, they do the exact same thing that may
or may not go on in a rap song," she said.



TRACING RISE OF RAP'S SOUND

Pinpointing the beginning of any artistic movement is never easy, but most
people who follow the rap and hip-hop scene point to the South Bronx and Harlem
of the late 1970's as the birthplace of the first rap compositions.

In such places, disco music was being muscled up by disk jockeys who would stir
dancers into a frenzy by shouting rhythmic rhymes, or raps over the recorded
music.

The first hit rap record, "Rappers Delight" came in 1979, but for several years,
the content of most rap recordings amounted to little more than playful party
music.

By 1982, rap began to embrace more fully realized versions of urban frustrations
in the watershed rap hit, "The Message," by Grandmaster Flash & The Furious
Five. For several years, rap's sound grew more edgy yet more popular and
profitable.

By the late 1980's, New York began to lose its hold on rap styles, especially
following the success of the hard-core "gangsta" rap recording, "Straight Outta
Compton," by the California-based group N.W.A.

The recording's angry and graphic lyrics paved the way for the solo platinum
careers of two of the group's members, Ice Cube and Dr. Dre, and many other
hardcore rappers into the 1990's.


LOAD-DATE: August 15, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: In a protest against rap music thought to demean women, Renee
Jackson handed out leaflets near the Apollo Theater in Harlem. (Michelle V.
Agins/The New York Times) (pg. 1); The head of the rap group Masta Ace said that
listeners should realize that most rap artists are creating "characters" to sell
records. The group performed recently at the Palladium in Manhattan. (Chet
Gordon for The New York Times) (pg. 42)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              342 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              July 21, 2002 Sunday

As camps open, parity prevails; Tough: Teams spend plenty in pursuit of title,
then pay for it

BYLINE: DAVE GOLDBERG

SECTION: Pg. c5

LENGTH: 899 words


Less than six months after Adam Vinatieri's field goal gave New England its
first Super Bowl victory, the NFL is back. Most training camps open this week in
a new 32-team, eight-division league marked by the return of a franchise in
Houston.

But things are likely to be the same on the field, where 10 seasons of the
salary cap has ensured that any team truly has a chance to win the title. The
Patriots proved that last season, but enter this one as no better than the third
choice in their own division.

That's not to demean a team that turned team chemistry into an art form as Bill
Belichick mixed backup quarterback Tom Brady with a group of journeymen he had
coached at previous stops and turned them into champions.

It's just that no one has repeated in five seasons, and no one but St. Louis
stays good for very long.

The Baltimore Ravens, who preceded the Patriots as champions, are Exhibit A.
They have just 16 players left from the team that beat the New York Giants 34-7
for the 2000 championship and will have to get lucky to get to .500 this year.

"We knew that we would be facing some serious cap issues in 2002, but the
opportunity to win two Super Bowls in a row was overwhelming to us," said
personnel director Ozzie Newsome, who spent heavily last year in an attempt to
repeat. "What we're facing today is not something that's unexpected."

One statistic defines what's happening in today's NFL: the past three champions
were a combined 17-31 the year before they won the Super Bowl.

The Rams were 4-12 in 1998; the Ravens were 8-8 in 1999; and the Patriots were
5-11 in 2000.

Camps open with more stringent medical measures in place because of the death
last summer of Minnesota offensive tackle Korey Stringer, who died after a
workout.

This year, medical monitoring has been stepped up, some dietary supplements have
been banned, and the agreement with the players union has been updated to allow
team physicians to go beyond the standard in administering physicals.

Meanwhile, every team thinks it can be the next New England.

Even the Houston Texans can dream after an expansion draft netted them a crop of
current and past all-Pros, such as offensive tackle Tony Boselli, still just 30.
He was let go by Jacksonville because of a series of recent injuries - he just
had arthroscopic shoulder surgery again - and his salary cap numbers are huge.

Add quarterback David Carr, the first pick in the draft, and there are fans in
Texas who seriously believe the new guys have a chance. They've sold 57,000
season tickets, more than the Oilers ever did.

"You have to remember that our guys have never played together," said coach Dom
Capers, who coached Carolina to a 7-9 record in 1995, their first season in the
league. "Other teams have a lot more cohesion."

Actually, the turnover is extreme in some places, such as Buffalo, Minnesota,
Tampa Bay and Indianapolis. They may have as much trouble learning each others'
names as the Texans.

Another team to watch is Washington, where Steve Spurrier becomes the fourth
coach in the three seasons that Dan Snyder has owned the team. Spurrier is
convinced all he needs is the "system" he used at Florida and has brought in
journeyman NFL quarterback he coached at Florida - Danny Wuerffel and Shane
Matthews.

Spurrier is one of six new coaches, most of them "old" ones.

Tony Dungy was fired by Tampa Bay and signed on in Indianapolis; Jon Gruden left
Oakland to replace Dungy, and Snyder fired Marty Schottenheimer after a season.
Schottenheimer ended up in San Diego.

Bill Callahan replaced Gruden in Oakland, and Mike Tice replaced Dennis Green in
Minnesota, both moving up from assistants' jobs. John Fox, the Giants' former
defensive coordinator, replaced George Seifert in Carolina.

The other X factor is the new alignment - 32 teams, eight divisions with Seattle
switching from the AFC to the NFC, and play in the West with St. Louis, San
Francisco and Arizona, in league that is more geographically correct.

That means each team will play only six of its 16 games within its division.
There will be six playoff teams from each conference - the four champions and
two wild cards, leaving open the possibility that teams will miss the playoffs
with better records that a champion in a weak division.

Just look at last year.

If there had been an AFC South, Tennessee would have won it with a 7-9 record
and made the playoffs. The odd team out would have been Baltimore, which was the
final wild-card team at 10-6.

This year, the AFC East seems loaded, with the Patriots and two other playoff
teams, the Jets and Dolphins. New York and Miami are improved on paper, but it's
hard to see three playoff teams from one division.

"I think we all realize that can happen," Snyder said last month when asked
about the possibility. "But I don't think we'll address it until it happens."

Indeed, the issue came up a year ago, when the league realigned. Commissioner
Paul Tagliabue essentially echoed Snyder - that the NFL will address the
situation if it happens.

The obvious solution would be to add more wild-card teams.

Given how quickly teams go from bad to good and vice versa, they could go beyond
that by letting everyone in.

In the absence of that, how about these two teams meeting in the Super Bowl in
San Diego: Cleveland (7-9 last season) vs. Minnesota (5-11)?

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2002 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              343 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                      July 20, 2002 Saturday Final Edition

Recent NFL champs were losers year before

SOURCE: AP

BYLINE: Dave Goldberg

SECTION: Sports; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 594 words

Less than six months after Adam Vinatieri's field goal gave New England its
first Super Bowl victory, the NFL is back.

Most training camps open this week in a new 32-team, eight-division league
marked by the return of a franchise in Houston.

Things are likely to be the same on the field, where 10 seasons of the salary
cap has ensured that any team truly has a chance to win the title.

The Patriots proved that last season, but enter this one as no better than the
third choice in their own division.

That's not to demean a team that turned team chemistry into an art form as Bill
Belichick mixed backup quarterback Tom Brady with a group of journeymen he had
coached at previous stops and turned them into champions.

It's just that no one has repeated in five seasons, and no one but St. Louis
stays good for long.

The Baltimore Ravens, who preceded the Patriots as champions, are Exhibit A.

They have just 16 players left from the team that beat the New York Giants 34-7
for the 2000 championship and will have to get lucky to get to .500 this year.

"We knew that we would be facing some serious cap issues in 2002, but the
opportunity to win two Super Bowls in a row was overwhelming to us," said
personnel director Ozzie Newsome, who spent heavily last year in an attempt to
repeat.

"What we're facing today is not something that's unexpected."

One statistic defines what's happening in today's NFL: the past three champions
were a combined 17-31 the year before they won the Super Bowl.

The Rams were 4-12 in 1998; the Ravens were 8-8 in 1999; and the Patriots were
5-11 in 2000.

Camps open with more stringent medical measures in place because of the death
last summer of Minnesota offensive tackle

Korey Stringer, who died after a workout.

This year, medical monitoring has been stepped up, some dietary supplements have
been banned, and the agreement with the players union has been updated to allow
team physicians to go beyond the standard in administering physicals.

Meanwhile, every team thinks it can be the next New England.

Even the Houston Texans can dream after an expansion draft netted them a crop of
current and past all-pros, such as offensive tackle Tony Boselli, still just 30.

He was let go by Jacksonville because of a series of recent

injuries -- he just had arthroscopic shoulder surgery again -- and his salary
cap numbers are huge.

Add quarterback David Carr, the first pick in the draft, and there are fans in
Texas who seriously believe the new guys have a chance.

They've sold 57,000 season tickets, more than the Oilers ever did.

"You have to remember that our guys have never played together," said coach Dom
Capers, who coached Carolina to a 7-9 record in 1995, their first season in the
league. "Other teams have a lot more cohesion."

Actually, the turnover is extreme in some places, such as Buffalo, Minnesota,
Tampa Bay and Indianapolis.

They may have as much trouble learning each others' names as the Texans.

Another team to watch is Washington, where Steve Spurrier becomes the fourth
coach in the three seasons that Dan Snyder has owned the team.

Spurrier is convinced all he needs is the "system" he used at Florida and has
brought in journeymen NFL quarterbacks he coached at Florida -- Danny Wuerffel
and Shane Matthews.

Spurrier is one of six new coaches, most of them "old" ones.

Tony Dungy was fired by Tampa Bay and signed on in Indianapolis; Jon Gruden left
Oakland to replace Dungy, and Snyder fired Marty Schottenheimer after a season.
Schottenheimer ended up in San Diego.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Sports

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              344 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                      July 20, 2002 Saturday Final Edition

It's an all-new ball game in the NFL; Pre-season training camps are about to
ring in what looks like a wide-open race

SOURCE: The Associated Press

BYLINE: Dave Goldberg

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E01

LENGTH: 900 words


Less than six months after Adam Vinatieri's field goal gave New England its
first Super Bowl victory, the NFL is back. Most training camps open this week in
a new 32-team, eight-division league marked by the return of a franchise in
Houston.

But things are likely to be the same on the field, where 10 seasons of the
salary cap has ensured that any team truly has a chance to win the title. The
Patriots proved that last season, but enter this one as no better than the third
choice in their own division.

That's not to demean a team that turned team chemistry into an art form as Bill
Belichick mixed backup quarterback Tom Brady with a group of journeymen he had
coached at previous stops and turned them into champions.

It's just that no one has repeated in five seasons, and no one but St. Louis
stays good for very long.

The Baltimore Ravens, who preceded the Patriots as champions, are Exhibit A.
They have just 16 players left from the team that beat the New York Giants 34-7
for the 2000 championship and will have to get lucky to get to .500 this year.

"We knew that we would be facing some serious cap issues in 2002, but the
opportunity to win two Super Bowls in a row was overwhelming to us," said
personnel director Ozzie Newsome, who spent heavily last year in an attempt to
repeat. "What we're facing today is not something that's unexpected."

One statistic defines what's happening in today's NFL: the past three champions
were a combined 17-31 the year before they won the Super Bowl.

The Rams were 4-12 in 1998; the Ravens were 8-8 in 1999; and the Patriots were
5-11 in 2000.

Camps open with more stringent medical measures in place because of the death
last summer of Minnesota offensive tackle Korey Stringer, who died after a
workout.

This year, medical monitoring has been stepped up, some dietary supplements have
been banned, and the agreement with the players union has been updated to allow
team physicians to go beyond the standard in administering physicals.

Meanwhile, every team thinks it can be the next New England.

Even the Houston Texans can dream after an expansion draft netted them a crop of
current and past all-Pros, such as offensive tackle Tony Boselli, still just 30.
He was let go by Jacksonville because of a series of recent injuries -- he just
had arthroscopic shoulder surgery again -- and his salary cap numbers are huge.

Add quarterback David Carr, the first pick in the draft, and there are fans in
Texas who seriously believe the new guys have a chance. They've sold 57,000
season tickets, more than the Oilers ever did.

"You have to remember that our guys have never played together," said coach Dom
Capers, who coached Carolina to a 7-9 record in 1995, their first season in the
league. "Other teams have a lot more cohesion."

Actually, the turnover is extreme in some places, such as Buffalo, Minnesota,
Tampa Bay and Indianapolis. They may have as much trouble learning each others'
names as the Texans.

Another team to watch is Washington, where Steve Spurrier becomes the fourth
coach in the three seasons that Dan Snyder has owned the team. Spurrier is
convinced all he needs is the "system" he used at Florida and has brought in
journeyman NFL quarterbacks he coached at Florida -- Danny Wuerffel and Shane
Matthews.

Spurrier is one of six new coaches, most of them "old" ones.

Tony Dungy was fired by Tampa Bay and signed on in Indianapolis; Jon Gruden left
Oakland to replace Dungy, and Snyder fired Marty Schottenheimer after a season.
Schottenheimer ended up in San Diego.

Bill Callahan replaced Gruden in Oakland, and Mike Tice replaced Dennis Green in
Minnesota, both moving up from assistants' jobs. John Fox, the Giants' former
defensive co-ordinator, replaced George Seifert in Carolina.

The other X factor is the new alignment -- 32 teams, eight divisions with
Seattle switching from the AFC to the NFC, and play in the West with St. Louis,
San Francisco and Arizona, in league that is more geographically correct.

That means each team will play only six of its 16 games within its division.
There will be six playoff teams from each conference -- the four champions and
two wild cards, leaving open the possibility that teams will miss the playoffs
with better records that a champion in a weak division.

Just look at last year. If there had been an AFC South, Tennessee would have won
it with a 7-9 record and made the playoffs. The odd team out would have been
Baltimore, which was the final wild-card team at 10-6.

This year, the AFC East seems loaded, with the Patriots and two other playoff
teams, the Jets and Dolphins. New York and Miami are improved on paper, but it's
hard to see three playoff teams from one division.

"I think we all realize that can happen," Snyder said last month when asked
about the possibility. "But I don't think we'll address it until it happens."

Indeed, the issue came up a year ago, when the league realigned. Commissioner
Paul Tagliabue essentially echoed Snyder -- that the NFL will address the
situation if it happens.

The obvious solution would be to add more wild-card teams.

Given how quickly teams go from bad to good and vice versa, they could go beyond
that by letting everyone in.

In the absence of that, how about these two teams meeting in the Super Bowl in
San Diego: Cleveland (7-9 last season) vs. Minnesota (5-11)?

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The Hamilton Spectator File Photo; Coach Steve Spurrier and the
Washington Redskins are getting ready for training camp.

TYPE: Column

                    Copyright 2002 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              345 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                              July 24, 2011 Sunday

Outsiders Maine-iacs over Bar Harbor

BYLINE: Sid McKeen

SECTION: COMMENTARY; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 570 words


COLUMN: WRY & GINGER

No, I'm sorry, I don't live in Bar Harbor.

Please note the two commas. If I regretted not living in Bar Harbor, I'd have to
use only the first one, making it: No, I'm sorry I don't live in Bar Harbor. But
I'm not sorry, so the opening sentence is the correct way to put it. And I have
to put it often. But I'm not here today to talk about commas. Instead, I'd like
to say a few words about Bar Harbor.

Living in my native state of Maine only half the year and spending the rest in
Florida, I run into countless from-awayers. When they learn of my Pine Tree
State background, they almost universally pop the same question: "Where in Maine
- Bar Harbor?" Which always prompts the same answer - "No, I'm sorry," etc. etc.

I don't mean to demean BH (let's call it that to reduce redundancy); it's just
that I'm really fed up with the question. Outsiders who see it as the be-all of
Maine are like foreigners who equate Manhattan with America. Uh-uh, I'm sure
you'll agree, to both. Frankly, if I had to choose one word for BH, it would be
"overrated." I have nothing against million-dollar yachts or cruise liners big
enough to float half the population of Pennsylvania, but to think either
represents what Maine is all about strikes me as faintly ludicrous.

The cruise-line people obviously make BH a must-stop in the naive assumption
that it's the perfect personification of Down East Maine. You know what I mean -
old-timers lazing around in yellow sou'westers, fixing their lobster traps, and
starting every sentence with a twangy "Ayuh." For every such rustic, the boat
tourists will encounter a hundred summer people with New York accents outfitted
in Calvin Klein clothes and keeping their own eyes out for "authentic" Mainers.

My BH hang-up goes a long way back. Light years ago, when I was a college
junior, Maine was hit by a spate of fall forest fires. The worst two were in Bar
Harbor in the east and several upper York County farming towns in the west.
Busloads of male students from the state's four major colleges were recruited, I
among them, to augment the professionals. Our group was dispatched to Bar Mills
(what, never heard of it?). Many homes were destroyed in both towns, but the
national headlines focused almost exclusively on Bar Harbor and its
millionaires' estates. Farm homes, then as now, lacked glamour. Since 1947,
whenever I've found an audience for my firefighting stories, I'm invariably
asked, "So you were there in Bar Harbor?" See what I mean?

Adding to my BH complex were the summers I spent helping out in a Chamber of
Commerce information center in Belfast, where I now live for half the year.
Belfast is only 40 miles west of BH "as the crow flies," though crow flights are
largely meaningless to tourists who have to travel by car. One of the questions
most frequently asked by visitors to the Belfast info center is "How far is it
to Bar Harbor?" This is the kind of thing that sticks in the craw after a while.

Martha Stewart lives in Seal Harbor, on the same island as BH with all its
summer elite, and I find that delightfully fitting. I wonder if she'd bother to
set straight any inquirers who want to know if she's in Bar Harbor.

I don't know, maybe I ought to move there myself and take up whittling for the
gawkers from away. OK, so I hear what you're saying: Why not just stay where you
are and tend your sour grapes?

Reach Sid McKeen at mckeensidney@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: No, I'm sorry, I don't live in Bar Harbor. Please note the two commas.
If I regretted not living in Bar Harbor, I'd have to use only the first one,
making it: No, I'm sorry I don't live in Bar Harbor. But I'm not sorry, so the
opening sentence is the correct way to put it. And I have to put it often. But
I'm not here today to talk about commas. Instead, I'd like to say a few words
about Bar Harbor.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              346 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        SUNDAY TELEGRAM (Massachusetts)

                              July 24, 2011 Sunday

Outsiders Maine-iacs over Bar Harbor

BYLINE: Sid McKeen

SECTION: COMMENTARY; WRY & GINGER; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 566 words


No, I'm sorry, I don't live in Bar Harbor.

Please note the two commas. If I regretted not living in Bar Harbor, I'd have to
use only the first one, making it: No, I'm sorry I don't live in Bar Harbor. But
I'm not sorry, so the opening sentence is the correct way to put it. And I have
to put it often. But I'm not here today to talk about commas. Instead, I'd like
to say a few words about Bar Harbor.

Living in my native state of Maine only half the year and spending the rest in
Florida, I run into countless from-awayers. When they learn of my Pine Tree
State background, they almost universally pop the same question: "Where in Maine
- Bar Harbor?" Which always prompts the same answer - "No, I'm sorry," etc. etc.

I don't mean to demean BH (let's call it that to reduce redundancy); it's just
that I'm really fed up with the question. Outsiders who see it as the be-all of
Maine are like foreigners who equate Manhattan with America. Uh-uh, I'm sure
you'll agree, to both. Frankly, if I had to choose one word for BH, it would be
"overrated." I have nothing against million-dollar yachts or cruise liners big
enough to float half the population of Pennsylvania, but to think either
represents what Maine is all about strikes me as faintly ludicrous.

The cruise-line people obviously make BH a must-stop in the naive assumption
that it's the perfect personification of Down East Maine. You know what I mean -
old-timers lazing around in yellow sou'westers, fixing their lobster traps, and
starting every sentence with a twangy "Ayuh." For every such rustic, the boat
tourists will encounter a hundred summer people with New York accents outfitted
in Calvin Klein clothes and keeping their own eyes out for "authentic" Mainers.

My BH hang-up goes a long way back. Light years ago, when I was a college
junior, Maine was hit by a spate of fall forest fires. The worst two were in Bar
Harbor in the east and several upper York County farming towns in the west.
Busloads of male students from the state's four major colleges were recruited, I
among them, to augment the professionals. Our group was dispatched to Bar Mills
(what, never heard of it?). Many homes were destroyed in both towns, but the
national headlines focused almost exclusively on Bar Harbor and its
millionaires' estates. Farm homes, then as now, lacked glamour. Since 1947,
whenever I've found an audience for my firefighting stories, I'm invariably
asked, "So you were there in Bar Harbor?" See what I mean?

Adding to my BH complex were the summers I spent helping out in a Chamber of
Commerce information center in Belfast, where I now live for half the year.
Belfast is only 40 miles west of BH "as the crow flies," though crow flights are
largely meaningless to tourists who have to travel by car. One of the questions
most frequently asked by visitors to the Belfast info center is "How far is it
to Bar Harbor?" This is the kind of thing that sticks in the craw after a while.

Martha Stewart lives in Seal Harbor, on the same island as BH with all its
summer elite, and I find that delightfully fitting. I wonder if she'd bother to
set straight any inquirers who want to know if she's in Bar Harbor.

I don't know, maybe I ought to move there myself and take up whittling for the
gawkers from away. OK, so I hear what you're saying: Why not just stay where you
are and tend your sour grapes?

Reach Sid McKeen at mckeensidney@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              347 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           October 13, 2007 Saturday

Coach Phillips: Pats' Super Bowl titles not tainted

BYLINE: Mercury News Wire Services

SECTION: FOOTBALL; Sports

LENGTH: 413 words


Dallas Cowboys Coach Wade Phillips insisted Friday that he never said that New
England's three Super Bowl championships were tainted.

Two days before the already much-hyped matchup of 5-0 teams, when the Patriots
play in Dallas, Phillips denied making such comments after New England Coach
Bill Belichick was fined $500,000 and the team lost a draft pick for videotaping
an opposing sideline this season.

"I think it's ludicrous to demean a team, an organization that has done a great
job and won all those games, and deserved every bit of it," Phillips said. "They
won all those championships. They deserve every bit of what they got."

On HBO's "Inside the NFL" program this week, Peter King claimed in a discussion
about the Patriots that Phillips suggested to King that their three Super Bowl
titles in four seasons were tainted because of the spying allegations.

Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo said his father has been diagnosed with prostate
cancer.

"You just love your dad, you want him to be all right," Romo said Friday. "It's
just part of getting older, and it happens to a lot of people. So, it's just
another step in the path of life."

Ramiro Romo, 50, found out he had cancer just days after he and his wife were at
Soldier Field in Chicago on Sept. 23 watching their son throw for 329 yards and
two touchdowns in a 34-10 victory over the Bears. They will be at Texas Stadium
on Sunday when the Cowboys play the Patriots.

Tony Romo, who has thrown an NFC-high 13 touchdown passes but is coming off a
six-turnover game the Cowboys won at Buffalo, said his father's cancer hasn't
affected him on the field.

"When you get out on the field, everything else just kind of goes away," Romo
said, tearing up a bit as he walked away.

Carolina quarterback David Carr returned to practice and was listed as probable
for the Panthers' game Sunday at Arizona.

But Coach John Fox was not ready to declare Carr the starter. "That will be a
game-time decision," he said.

If Carr can't go, either Vinny Testaverde or Matt Moore will start.

Minnesota quarterback Tarvaris Jackson is listed as probable for the Vikings'
game Sunday at Chicago, making it likely that he will get his first start in
three weeks.

Baltimore Ravens quarterback Steve McNair missed his second consecutive day of
practice with a stiff back, and the team will make a decision at game time
whether he will play against the St. Louis Rams.

Backup quarterback Kyle Boller took all the snaps again with the first-team
offense.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              348 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   August 7, 1994, SUNDAY, THREE STAR Edition

STATUS SYMBOLS: NEW TWIST IN JOCKEY DEBATE

BYLINE: Michael Dougan 1994, San Francisco Examiner

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 612 words

DATELINE: TIBURON, CALIF.


It's an old story with a surprising twist: Black minister decries the public
display of lawn jockeys - because they are not black!

Lawn jockeys are the small cast-iron statues of blacks once found at the
entrance to colonnaded homes and country clubs throughout the South and
elsewhere. They have long been condemned as racist artifacts from an era when
whites kept blacks in their places.

Not so, says the Rev. Jerry Buckner of the Tiburon Christian Fellowship. Tiburon
is a town of 2,000, and fewer than 1 percent of the residents are black.
Buckner, who is black, wants the four white lawn jockeys along Tiburon's Main
Street repainted their original color.

He says black lawn jockeys were intended to honor - not demean - the real black
jockeys who dominated American horse racing in the latter part of the 19th
century.

"All of the original first jockeys were black, and most people aren't even aware
of that fact," Buckner said last week. He noted that the first 13 winners of the
Kentucky Derby - beginning with Oliver Lewis in 1875 - were blacks who often
owned the horses they rode.

Those who protest against the display of black lawn jockeys are "historically
illiterate," Buckner said.

Tiburon's lawn jockeys were black until 1984, when a professor from the
University of California at Berkeley complained in a letter printed in the Ark,
Tiburon's newspaper.

Ed Zelinsky, a white landlord who owns most of downtown and had placed the
figures around Tiburon, aresponded by repainting the statues a pale Caucasian
pink.

"I did it to make everybody happy," a bewildered Zelinsky said last week. "We
were not trying to offend anybody. They're colorful, you know. It adds a little
bit of charm to the place."

But Kerry Pierson is not charmed. Pierson, a black activist from Mill Valley,
Calif., said he always considered the metal jockeys disturbing, despite their
racial transformation. F

"I called (Zelinsky) five or six months ago, and I offered to buy the jockeys to
destroy them," Pierson said, adding that Zelinsky had declined the purchase
offer. "I found them that offensive. It's like taking Aunt Jemima and painting
her white. What difference does it make?"

Douglas Congdon-Martin, the Pennsylvania-based author of "Images in Black: 150
Years of Black Collectibles," said he assumed that the jockeys, which originally
were used as hitching posts for horses, "were of racist origin. I thought that
these were stable boys or something."

So did Aissatoui Vernita, curator of the Ebony Museum of black culture in
Oakland's Jack London Square. "Of course they're racist," she said.

But Lynn Renau, a former curator of the Kentucky Derby Museum in Louisville,
said Buckner's version was correct.

"By the early 1800s, the top jockeys universally were black," Renau said. "After
the end of the Civil War, for the last quarter of the 19th century, they were
highly regarded. They were very well-paid. They were sports heroes."

But activist Pierson contends that, regardless of their origin, lawn jockeys
have become for blacks a form of "degradation art. You usually find them at
country clubs and private clubs. What they represent to black people is that,
when you pass through a portal where those little jockeys are, you are passing
into the pre-Civil War era, and you can expect to be treated as such."

On the other hand, Buckner said he would like Zelinsky to repaint the Tiburon
lawn jockeys black and attach plaques explaining their historical significance.

"I'd have no objection," Zelinsky said. "If (Buckner) wants to do that, it's
fine, but then we might have some other people say they don't want them black."

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo by AP - This is one of the five lawn jockeys in Tiburon,
Calif. They were originally black and were painted white. Now a black pastor
wants them painted black again.

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              349 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                     October 19, 1991, Saturday, 2* EDITION

Name should go minority groups tell Braves' owner Turner

BYLINE: SUN NEWS SERVICES

SECTION: SPORTS; BASEBALL NOTEBOOK; Pg. C13

LENGTH: 560 words

DATELINE: Minneapolic


Not only should Atlanta Braves fans stop the tomahawk chop and other antics that
demean Indians, but team owner Ted Turner should rename the club, a coalition of
minority groups said Friday.

"You have to draw the line on good fun when you infringe on ethnic groups," said
Bill Means, a member of the American Indian Movement.

AIM member Vernon Bellecourt said the coalition would seek a meeting with Turner
to encourage him to set a national example.

Dropping the team name would be a powerful statement against racism, Bellecourt
said, because Indian nicknames in all sports lead to symbols and acts by fans
that misrepresent and dehumanize Indian culture.

"He could have a name-the-team contest," Bellecourt said. "We could be on the
way to real constructive change."

A spokesman for Turner in Atlanta said Turner would not comment. Braves general
manager John Schuerholz said Monday that the team views the stadium antics of
Braves fans as "very positive and certainly doing nothing to discriminate or in
any way negatively impact."

The coalition, which includes the local chapter of the National Association for
the Advancement of Colored People and the Minneapolis Urban League, is supported
by Minneapolis Mayor Don Fraser and the state Indian Affairs Council.

Fraser said his office would mediate any talks between the coalition and Turner.

Indians in Minneapolis and Atlanta said they would protest outside the Metrodome
and Atlanta-Fulton County Stadium before all World Series games.

* Following a disappointing season in which the Chicago Cubs finished tied for
third in the National League East, Jim Essian was fired as manager Friday.

Essian was the 13th major-league manager fired this season.

"It is with great sorrow that I learned I was being replaced as manager of the
Chicago Cubs," Essian said in a statement read by his wife, Jane Ann, who was
reached at the couple's home near Detroit.

"One strength of the team was their work habit and attitude. They possessed a
great desire to win. However, there's an inevitable gap between desire and
ability."

The Cubs also said that bullpen coach Phil Roof and bench coach Joe Altobelli
would not return. The team is retaining third-base coach Chuck Cottier,
first-base coach Jose Martinez and pitching coach Billy Connor.

Essian had a 59-63 record after replacing the fired Don Zimmer on May 22.

* The San Diego Padres yesterday exercised the 1992 contract options for
shortstop Tony Fernandez and right-hander Ed Whitson.

Fernandez and first baseman Fred McGriff were obtained from Toronto last
December in a trade for outfielder Joe Carter and second baseman Roberto Alomar.
Because he was traded in the middle of a multi-year contract, Fernandez has
until 15 days after the World Series to demand a trade.

If Fernandez requests a trade, the Padres would either have to deal him or
modify his contract to his satisfaction. He is scheduled to receive $ 2.1
million plus a $ 10,000 bonus for accepting the option.

Fernandez, a four-time Gold Glove winner with Toronto, committed a career-high
20 errors this year. He missed six games in late July when he aggravated a right
thumb injury that he suffered while with the Blue Jays. He underwent surgery on
the thumb at the end of the season.

He hit .272 with four home runs and 38 runs-batted in.


LOAD-DATE: October 20, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Reuter/ VICTORY: Fans of the Atlanta Braves party on Peachtree Street
to celebrate team's advancing to the World Series.

               Copyright 1991 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              350 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 08, 1996, Friday, Final Edition

Urge to Be Wild, Born to Be Mild

Warren Brown, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. C19; THE CAR PAGES; ON WHEELS

LENGTH: 562 words


The 1997 Subaru Legacy 2.5 GT is an economy car with a bully's demeanor. I was
tempted to drive it the way it looks -- until I remembered Lil' Man.

Happened this way: Lil' Man -- real name, Earl -- was a seventh-grade classmate
at Holy Redeemer School in New Orleans. He was a short, barrel-chested fellow
with a foul mouth and quick fists. One day, he crossed the line. He said
something nasty to Sister Mary Vincent, our teacher.

Sister Mary Vincent called Lil' Man's mother -- who wasn't at all little -- who
came to the school and beat his bottom in front of God and everybody. Lil' Man
cried. He wasn't such a bully after that.

Which brings up the four-wheel-drive Legacy 2.5 GT. This is a wannabe-badd car,
as in: "Ahm badd, ahm badd. . . ." It has sporty wheels, a scooped hood -- and
an air spoiler wing atop its trunk lid.

Problem is, its looks are writing checks its engine can't cash. Ditto its
transmission and suspension, which are quite decent, but in no way hip, tough or
talented enough to keep up with real sports cars. Cross the line in this one and
you could wind up with more than a sore butt.

Background: The Subaru Legacy is a good car -- a good family car. It's been a
strong seller for Subaru. In fact, it helped return that once-struggling company
to profitability. But success, in this case, has gone to Subaru's head.

The company figures that it can sell more models of the Legacy by creating one
with a sportin' life personality. This is akin to taking a kid out of the
deepest, safest suburbs, wrapping him in baggy jeans, giving him a crash course
in street lingo and dropping him, say, in the middle of the Cabrini Green
housing project in Chicago.

It just doesn't work.

The Legacy 2.5 GT's scooped hood looks forced. The sporty wheels seem out of
place. The rear air spoiler looks silly.

What does work -- for normal commuting and longer family trips -- is the car's
upgraded, horizontally opposed four-cylinder, 16-valve, double overhead-cam,
2.5-liter engine.

That engine is rated at 165 horsepower at 5,600 rpm, with torque rated at 162
horsepower at 4,000 rpm. That means it provides as much oomph as some
six-cylinder models, which are all the rage in family cars nowadays.

Besides the GT, the Legacy LSi sedans and Outback wagons get the 2.5-liter boxer
engine as standard equipment. A 2.2-liter, four-cylinder, 16-valve, single
overhead-cam engine is standard in the base Legacy L sedan and the Legacy
Brighton station wagon. That smaller four-banger is rated at 137 horsepower at
5,400 rpm, with torque rated at 145 hp at 4,000 rpm.

In addition to the hood scoop and other aero stuff on the Legacy 2.5 GT, you get
a standard power tilt/slide moonroof, halogen fog lamps and, um, "sports
tailpipe."

Other standard mechanical features in the Legacy 2.5 GT sedan include a
five-speed manual transmission, power four-wheel-disc brakes with anti-lock
backup and a fully independent suspension system featuring anti-roll bars front
and rear.

An electronically controlled, four-speed automatic transmission is optional.

Dual front air bags, of course, are standard. But if you treat the Legacy 2.5 GT
as a family car instead of some kind of sportsmobile, those bags are likely to
remain where they are -- packed tightly in the steering wheel hub and under a
cover on the passenger-side dashboard.


LOAD-DATE: November 08, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart; ph, NUTS & BOLTS 1997 Subaru Legacy 2.5 GT Complaints: The
aero-sport gimcrackery demeans the quiet, comfortable dignity of an otherwise
fine family hauler.  Praise: Absent the aero junk, the Legacy 2.5 GT offers
almost everything anyone could want in a compact fam-mobile. Assembly quality is
excellent. The car seats five people in reasonable comfort. Traction is
excellent in good and foul weather and on paved and unpaved roads.  Head-turning
quotient: Oh, grow up already!  Ride, acceleration, handling, shifting: Very
good compact/small car ride. Handles bumpy roads nicely. Acceleration is decent
enough for lane changes, but the engine literally begins to whine at speeds
above 65 miles per hour. Braking was excellent. The gearshift lever could be
smoother, but it's acceptable as is.  Mileage: About 24 miles per gallon
(15.9-gallon tank, estimated 370-mile range on usable volume of recommended
regular unleaded gasoline, combined city-highway, running with one to two
occupants and light cargo).  Sound system: Four-speaker AM/FM stereo radio and
cassette with compact disc. Installed by Subaru. Very good.  Price: Base price
on the Legacy 2.5 GT with five-speed manual transmission is $22,795. Dealer
invoice on that model is $20,453. Price as tested is $23,710, including $420 for
the upgraded sound system and a $495 destination charge.  Purse-strings note:
Compare with Legacy L and LSi sedans, the Ford Contour/Mercury Mystique,
Chrysler Cirrus/Dodge Stratus/ Plymouth Breeze, Nissan Altima, Volkswagen
Golf/Jetta, Toyota Corolla/Geo Prizm, Saturn SL2 sedan, Hyundai Sonata.

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              351 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                      November 17, 2016 Thursday 00:00 EST

When Work Loses Its Dignity;
Op-Ed Contributor

BYLINE: SHERROD BROWN

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 842 words



HIGHLIGHT: Workers are toiling longer and getting paid less than their parents.
Their struggles have been forgotten or ignored in Washington.


Cleveland - Start with this: When you call us the Rust Belt, you demean our work
and diminish who we are.

To create wealth in America, we make it, we grow it or we mine it. In the
industrial Midwest, we do all three. Ohio has the largest manufacturing work
force in the country aside from California (which has three times our
population) and Texas (more than twice our size). And we make things with
dignity.

Many years ago, as a state representative, I spent countless hours at United
Steelworkers Local 169 in Mansfield, a small industrial city north of Columbus.
I would listen to workers who stopped in at the hall before or after their
shifts. I learned how they made steel and how they built cars. I learned that
strikes are always an act of back-against-the-wall desperation because workers
never make up for the wages lost, no matter how good the new contract is or how
briefly they are on the picket line.

They worked hard. Most gladly accepted six-day workweeks because of the overtime
pay. Most of these workers, especially those lucky enough to carry a union card,
had a shot at upward mobility. They owned modest houses, they could buy new cars
every four or five years, and they could send their children to the local Ohio
State campus or to North Central Technical College.

Few of these workers, white or black, expected to have the opportunities I had
as a doctor's kid. But they understood intuitively that their daughter at Johnny
Appleseed Junior High could have more than they did.

Their goal - to achieve the American dream and send their children up the
economic ladder - was more difficult for them to reach than it was for my
parents. More things could go wrong for them: a layoff, a strike, a work injury,
an illness in the family, each coming with more devastating consequences than
those life deals out to more affluent white families.

I learned about the role circumstance played in success - where you were born,
how much education and income your parents had, what neighborhood you lived in,
what school you attended. At the union hall, we often discussed books, articles
and news about strikes and heroes of the labor movement. They were novels like
Wallace Stegner's "Joe Hill" and John Steinbeck's "Grapes of Wrath" that tell
the very real stories of the lives of American workers, stories that too many in
Washington have forgotten or ignored for far too long.

As the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. taught us, all work has dignity and
importance, whether done by a street sweeper, Michelangelo or Beethoven. People
take pride in the things they make, in serving their communities in hospitals or
schools, in making their contribution to society with a job well done.

But over the past 40 years, as people have worked harder for less pay and fewer
benefits, the value of their work has eroded. When we devalue work, we threaten
the pride and dignity that come from it.

American workers understood then and understand now that you build a society and
an economy from the middle class out. Trickle-down economics was discredited
decades ago. Workers paid good wages are also good consumers, which means
companies can sell more of their products. Executives have always been paid
well, but nothing close to the 300 to 1 pay ratio separating chief executives
from workers today. Most Americans have always wanted to believe that their
children's lives will be better than their own.

Ohio workers know they toil harder and are paid less than their parents, and
have less power to control the hours they work and their share of the wealth
they create for their employer. This diverse force feels betrayed by trade and
tax policies that create immense affluence at the top and take wealth from
workers. Much of Washington - and that now includes Donald J. Trump - doesn't
seem to understand this.

Ohio families will watch to see if the new president follows the billionaire
agenda of the Republican leadership in Washington, which has called for
overturning a new rule that increases overtime pay for many workers - an action
that would strip thousands of dollars in wages from 130,000 of Ohio's
moderate-income workers. They will measure this president to see if he continues
to oppose increasing the minimum wage, which is worth nearly 20 percent less
than in 1980. Workers will expect the president to keep his promise of a trade
agenda that puts their jobs above corporate profits. And they will scrutinize
whether he will throw in with Washington's moneyed interests at the expense of
middle-class and working-class families.

If President Trump takes the likely path that almost all Washington Republicans
hope - tax cuts for the rich, an easing up on Wall Street, more voter
suppression - Ohio workers will feel betrayed. Again. And they will respond.

Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTOpinion),
and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.

Sherrod Brown, a Democratic senator from Ohio, is the author of "Myths of Free
Trade: Why American Trade Policy Has Failed."

DRAWING (DRAWING BY GARY TAXALI)

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              352 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           November 17, 2016 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

When Work Loses Its Dignity

BYLINE: By SHERROD BROWN.

Sherrod Brown, a Democratic senator from Ohio, is the author of ''Myths of Free
Trade: Why American Trade Policy Has Failed.''

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; OP-ED CONTRIBUTOR; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 823 words


Cleveland -- Start with this: When you call us the Rust Belt, you demean our
work and diminish who we are.

To create wealth in America, we make it, we grow it or we mine it. In the
industrial Midwest, we do all three. Ohio has the largest manufacturing work
force in the country aside from California (which has three times our
population) and Texas (more than twice our size). And we make things with
dignity.

Many years ago, as a state representative, I spent countless hours at United
Steelworkers Local 169 in Mansfield, a small industrial city north of Columbus.
I would listen to workers who stopped in at the hall before or after their
shifts. I learned how they made steel and how they built cars. I learned that
strikes are always an act of back-against-the-wall desperation because workers
never make up for the wages lost, no matter how good the new contract is or how
briefly they are on the picket line.

They worked hard. Most gladly accepted six-day workweeks because of the overtime
pay. Most of these workers, especially those lucky enough to carry a union card,
had a shot at upward mobility. They owned modest houses, they could buy new cars
every four or five years, and they could send their children to the local Ohio
State campus or to North Central Technical College.

Few of these workers, white or black, expected to have the opportunities I had
as a doctor's kid. But they understood intuitively that their daughter at Johnny
Appleseed Junior High could have more than they did.

Their goal -- to achieve the American dream and send their children up the
economic ladder -- was more difficult for them to reach than it was for my
parents. More things could go wrong for them: a layoff, a strike, a work injury,
an illness in the family, each coming with more devastating consequences than
those life deals out to more affluent white families.

I learned about the role circumstance played in success -- where you were born,
how much education and income your parents had, what neighborhood you lived in,
what school you attended. At the union hall, we often discussed books, articles
and news about strikes and heroes of the labor movement. They were novels like
Wallace Stegner's ''Joe Hill'' and John Steinbeck's ''Grapes of Wrath'' that
tell the very real stories of the lives of American workers, stories that too
many in Washington have forgotten or ignored for far too long.

As the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. taught us, all work has dignity and
importance, whether done by a street sweeper, Michelangelo or Beethoven. People
take pride in the things they make, in serving their communities in hospitals or
schools, in making their contribution to society with a job well done.

But over the past 40 years, as people have worked harder for less pay and fewer
benefits, the value of their work has eroded. When we devalue work, we threaten
the pride and dignity that come from it.

American workers understood then and understand now that you build a society and
an economy from the middle class out. Trickle-down economics was discredited
decades ago. Workers paid good wages are also good consumers, which means
companies can sell more of their products. Executives have always been paid
well, but nothing close to the 300 to 1 pay ratio separating chief executives
from workers today. Most Americans have always wanted to believe that their
children's lives will be better than their own.

Ohio workers know they toil harder and are paid less than their parents, and
have less power to control the hours they work and their share of the wealth
they create for their employer. This diverse force feels betrayed by trade and
tax policies that create immense affluence at the top and take wealth from
workers. Much of Washington -- and that now includes Donald J. Trump -- doesn't
seem to understand this.

Ohio families will watch to see if the new president follows the billionaire
agenda of the Republican leadership in Washington, which has called for
overturning a new rule that increases overtime pay for many workers -- an action
that would strip thousands of dollars in wages from 130,000 of Ohio's
moderate-income workers. They will measure this president to see if he continues
to oppose increasing the minimum wage, which is worth nearly 20 percent less
than in 1980. Workers will expect the president to keep his promise of a trade
agenda that puts their jobs above corporate profits. And they will scrutinize
whether he will throw in with Washington's moneyed interests at the expense of
middle-class and working-class families.

If President Trump takes the likely path that almost all Washington Republicans
hope -- tax cuts for the rich, an easing up on Wall Street, more voter
suppression -- Ohio workers will feel betrayed. Again. And they will respond.

Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTOpinion),
and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/17/opinion/when-work-loses-its-dignity.html

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWING (DRAWING BY GARY TAXALI)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              353 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           November 5, 2016 Saturday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Clinton, Trump target two different Americas in final push

BYLINE: By Jill Colvin and Kathleen Hennessey; Associated Press

SECTION: front_page; Inq Front Page; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 588 words


ATKINSON, N.H. - Hillary Clinton sped across battleground states Friday trying
to seal a historic presidential victory powered by minorities and women, while
Donald Trump traveled to small-town America to fire up the white, working-class
voters he insists will bring the crown to his outsider campaign.

Clinton and Democratic allies used star power and stark warnings as they
addressed her base of African American, Hispanic and female voters. She was
campaigning in urban centers of Detroit, Pittsburgh and Cleveland while
President Obama made her case in Charlotte, N.C. - all cities where minority
voters are crucial.

In Pittsburgh, a city where one in three people are not white, Clinton hammered
Trump as "someone who demeans women, mocks people with disabilities, insults
African Americans and Latinos and demonizes immigrants and Muslims."

"If he doesn't respect all Americans now, how can we trust him to serve all
Americans in the future?" she asked later in Detroit, where minorities make up
90 percent of the population.

Trump, meanwhile, was on a tour of rural areas, hoping to boost turnout among
the voters drawn to his promise to bring back a lost America. He started his day
in Atkinson, N.H., population 6,800 and almost 98 percent white, according to
the U.S. Census Bureau.

Speaking more than 2,000 miles from the Mexican border, Trump drew loud cheers
in Atkinson when he vowed to build a massive wall between the U.S. and Mexico.
The crowd booed when he contended that Clinton supports "open borders."

In spite of a close race in national polling, Trump's path to victory remains
narrow. His campaign is increasingly looking to make up for losses among
suburban voters, particularly women, by wrestling up new voters in
out-of-the-way places.

The candidates' divergent paths highlighted the yawning gaps between race, place
and economics that drive presidential policies.

Trump told his largely white audience in Atkinson that "we have to rebuild our
country."

"They've shipped our jobs and they've shipped our wealth to other countries," he
said. "To all Americans, I say it is time for new leadership."

Trump's dark views on the economy clashed with a new jobs report showing the
unemployment rate declined to 4.9 percent while wages went up in October. The
report marks 73 straight months of job growth.

But the Republican said the numbers weren't good enough, and he cast doubt on
whether they were accurate.

In one of his last Pennsylvania appearances before the election, Trump rallied
supporters in Hershey Friday night.

"In four days, we are going to win the great state of Pennsylvania," he told
thousands packed at the Giant Center, later adding: "Pennsylvania, you are so
important!"

Clinton leads Trump by 2.6 points in Pennsylvania in the Real Clear Politics
average of polls of a four-way race from Oct. 27 to Nov. 3.

Before Trump's speech in Hershey, a very long line of people wound its way in a
wide loop around a parking lot.

Michael Rhoads, a 59-year-old York County resident who works in insurance and
real estate, said he believes Trump has "core American values" and "doesn't have
a political alliance."

Clinton was campaigning in Pittsburgh, where she celebrated what she described
as the Rust Belt city's rebirth of "confidence" and economic renewal.

Clinton called the jobs report "good news."

"I believe that our economy is poised to really take off and thrive," she said.
"When the middle class thrives, America thrives."

This article contains information from the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GENE J. PUSKAR / AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              354 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                        May 3, 2004 Monday Final Edition

Canadiens prospect's vicious assault demeans the sport

SOURCE: The Gazette

BYLINE: JACK TODD

SECTION: Sports; Monday Morning QB; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 970 words

It was another of those sickening moments when hockey seems to have slipped
beyond the pale. Only this time, the viciousness was being perpetrated by a
member of the Canadiens organization.

There was Cleveland Barons defenceman Garrett Stafford down on his knees in
front of the crease, and the talented Canadiens prospect Alexander Perezhogin of
the Hamilton Bulldogs swinging his stick, and Stafford collapsing in convulsions
as blood gushed from the wound on his head.

Stafford, it appears, will be OK. Perezhogin might not. He was suspended
indefinitely by the AHL and his action, especially with Stafford down at the
time, was the type that should draw a suspension of at least a year. It's a pity
because Perezhogin is a talent, but hockey has to put a stop to this stuff, even
if it means handing out lifetime suspensions.

And Perezhogin can count himself lucky. The way he swung that stick, he could
have killed Stafford.

Sign the man: The Canadiens accomplished many positive things this season, but
the next positive signal has to come from George Gillett Jr. himself.

Gillett has to find a way to sign Alex Kovalev. Kovalev made it pretty clear at
the end of the season that he enjoys playing in a city where hockey matters so
much - and he showed during the playoffs why he is such an intriguing commodity.
If the Habs fail to make a serious effort to sign him after trading away young
Jozef Balej to acquire Kovalev's services for a fragment of a season, fans are
going to start to wonder if the organization is serious about returning to the
elite levels of the league.

No one knows where the market is headed and there is every possibility that the
NHL will shut down for a year or more. But with Perezhogin's future in doubt and
Balej already gone, the pressure to sign Kovalev will be enormous.

So long to a class act: Hey, they don't come classier than Joe Juneau. This is
one guy who will have something to do after hockey other than play in
old-timer's golf tournaments. Juneau has an engineering degree and some creative
ideas about how to put it to use. Meanwhile, he bowed out in style, playing some
of his best hockey in the series against Tampa Bay.

Why we're not a coach, Part 21,799: A veteran coach prepares a talented, veteran
team for a playoff game - and they go out and just absolutely collapse from the
opening whistle. No, we're not talking about the Canadiens in the first period
of Game 1 against both Boston and Tampa Bay. It happened yesterday to the Leafs,
who were outshot 18-4 and outscored 6-1 in the opening 28 minutes in
Philadelphia yesterday.

Someone to Wachovia: The Leafs have no doubt taken note of the fact that if they
have to go back to Philly for a Game 7, the Flyers have not lost at the Wachovia
Centre in the postseason.

High-Q in Tampa: When your MMQB suggested that only a fan with the IQ of spinach
could spend an entire hockey game bashing thundersticks without glancing at the
ice, the comment drew the predictable raft of sub-literate e-mail from Tampa.

The funniest part? At least a quarter of the "fans" who bothered to write could
not even spell spinach. We got "spinich" a couple of hundred times, and
"spanich," and "spienich" and "spinish" and even "spenish."

Enough. But before we put this issue to rest, we would like to apologize - for
the insult to spinach.

Lies, rumours &&&& vicious innuendo: Depressed over the Habs ouster from the
playoffs? Down because the Expos are awful? Cheer up, fellas - Halle Berry's
single again. ...

Ease up, people. It ain't Frank Robinson's fault. Omar Minaya made the mistake
of trading with the Yankees, who deal with the Expos when they're dealing
damaged goods: Hideki Irabu, Orlando Hernandez, now Nick Johnson. And at least
Robinson is there taking the heat every day, unlike Minaya, who appears to have
written this season off.

How NOT to behave in the Canadiens dressing room? CJAD's Rob Martier and Louis
Jean of SportsNet got into a noisy scrap in the room after Game 3 of the Tampa
series. (High point? Saku Koivu standing up on a bench to watch the media
fight.) That's four bouts between reporters on the Canadiens beat in the past
decade, all four involving CJAD personnel: Three for Dino Sisto (two
split-decision victories and a one-punch KO loss, according to judges at
ringside) and one for Martier. (No judge's verdict on the Martier fight,
although he did have Jean's tie in a death-grip when peacemakers led by the
Gazette's Pat Hickey stepped in to end it.)

We thought that it was possible the Expos might actually score more runs without
Vladimir Guerrero because their lineup was balanced. We were very, very wrong.
As our favourite pressbox wag put it last week: "They have a balanced lineup.
They're all hitting .207. ...

Meanwhile, there was Vladi last week, going 4-for-5 with a homer and 2 RBI for
the Angels, pulling his average up to .322. ...

Heroes: Saku Koivu, Claude Julien, Stewart Elliott, Smarty Jones, Brad Richards,
Nikolai Khabibulin, Martin St. Louis, Pavel Kubina, Alex Kovalev, Steve Begin,
Jim Dowd, Michael Ryder, Craig Rivet, Andrei Markov, Francis Bouillon, Joe
Juneau, John Tortorella, Miikka Kiprusoff, Evgeni Nabokov, Vladimir Guerrero,
Frank Robinson, the Tampa Bay Lightning &&&& last but not least, spinach. I
mean, when was the last time you saw spinach beating a pair of thundersticks?

Zeros: Alexander Perezhogin, Mike Ribeiro, Pierre Dagenais, the Leafs, Darcy
Tucker, Omar Minaya, Jeffrey Loria, David Samson, Claude Brochu, Kobe Bryant,
David Beckham, 1-0 playoff games decided in overtime &&&& last but not least,
fans of the Tampa Bay Lightning. If you're wondering how on Earth any civilized
nation could elect a president who is plainly dumber than spinach, just read my
e-mail from Tampa.

jtodd@thegazette.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Column

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              355 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    October 20, 1991, Sunday, State Edition

Native Americans protest Braves outside Metrodome

BYLINE: MARC TOPKIN

SECTION: SPORTS; WORLD SERIES NOTEBOOK; Pg.  4C

LENGTH: 1436 words

DATELINE: MINNEAPOLIS



Carrying signs and chanting "The chop stops here ," a group of Native Americans
on Saturday protested the Atlanta Braves use of the Indian as a mascot.

    Several Native American groups were represented at the protest, which
attracted approximately 300 participants to a rally just outside Gate F of the
Metrodome about three hours before the opening game of the World Series.

    Clyde Bellecourt, national director of the American Indian Movement (AIM),
called on the team to change its name and also for fans to stop perpetuating
stereotypes and racism by dressing and acting like Indians at games.

    "It's not just the name," Bellecourt said. "It's the image. It's the
portrayal. It's the war paint. It's the clubs. It's the feathers. It's the
ridiculous mascot."

    The groups' leaders have been unhappy with the use of Indian mascots by
sports teams, including the Washington Redskins and Cleveland Indians, for
years. The situation has been exacerbated by the overwhelming popularity of the
tomahawk chop and other Indian depictions in wake of the Braves' recent success.


    Many signs at the afternoon protest admonished Ted Turner, the owner of the
Braves, and Jane Fonda, his fiancee.

    Fonda, who was arrested in Seattle in 1970 during an AIM protest, promised
she would stop doing the tomahawk chop.

    "I don't believe I've betrayed their cause," she said. "I support them very
much. But I'm sorry it offends them, and I'm not going to do it anymore."

    Bellecourt said television pictures of the Atlanta fans doing the chop
amounts to "a high-tech massacre of Indian culture."

    Braves president Stan Kasten said the team would have no comment until after
the World Series. Baseball commissioner Fay Vincent said he would be happy to
talk with the Native American leaders, but he too requested more time.

    "I don't know enough about the issue right now," Vincent said.  "To tell
50,000 people to stop what they've been doing all season is even beyond my
august power."

    Bellecourt and his supporters said Native Americans were singled out by
sports teams because the depiction of other ethnic or racial groups would not be
tolerated.

    "What if you called them the Atlanta Negroes or the Atlanta Klansmen or the
Atlanta Nazis?" Bellecourt said. Other protesters held signs depicting fictional
teams such as the Miami Jews, Seattle Negroes and San Diego Caucasians.

    Bellecourt also took issue with Florida State University's use of the
Seminoles as a mascot. "There are no Seminoles in football. I haven't seen any
Indians playing football in Florida," he said.     A similar protest is planned
for Atlanta next week.
 A surprise for Glavine


   MINNEAPOLIS Tom Glavine figured he would pitch the World Series opener for
the Atlanta Braves. Instead, he was passed over for Charlie Leibrandt and will
start tonight's second game.

    "I was a little surprised. I thought I was going to pitch. I was prepared as
though I was, but it's not that big a deal," said Glavine, who was 20-11 with a
2.55 ERA during the season.

    In Game 2 tonight, the Braves' left-hander will face Minnesota righty Kevin
Tapani (16-9, 2.99).

    There had been speculation Glavine requested the extra day off because he
had a tired arm, but he said reading an account of that in the morning paper was
news to him.

    "I have no idea where that came from. It has nothing to do with it," Glavine
said.

 Palermo throws out first pitch


   American League umpire Steve Palermo made an emotional return to the field
Saturday night, throwing out the ceremonial first pitch.

    Palermo was shot while trying to break up a robbery in July and suffered an
incomplete severance of the spinal cord and partial paralysis in his legs. He is
currently undergoing rehabilitation and expects to return to umpiring.

    "The pain goes with the frustration," Palermo said, fighting back tears.
"The frustration is not being able to walk and get out on that field." Palermo
went on the field Saturday using crutches and received a tremendous ovation.
 Glavine surprised he didn't get the call for opener
 MINNEAPOLIS - Tom Glavine figured he would pitch the World Series opener for
the Atlanta Braves. Instead, he was passed over for Charlie Leibrandt and will
start tonight's second game.

    "I was a little surprised. I thought I was going to pitch. I was prepared as
though I was, but it's not that big a deal," said Glavine, who was 20-11 with a
2.55 ERA during the season.

    In Game 2 tonight, the Braves' left-hander will face Minnesota righty Kevin
Tapani (16-9, 2.99).

    There had been speculation Glavine requested the extra day off because he
had a tired arm, but he said reading an account of that in the morning paper was
news to him.

    "I have no idea where that came from. It has nothing to do with it," Glavine
said.

    He admitted that his arm is feeling a bit fatigued from pitching a
career-high 260 innings already this year.

    "That many innings is bound to take a toll on you at some point," he said.

    Glavine was 0-2 with a 3.21 ERA in the playoffs, losing 5-1 and 1-0 to the
Pirates.

    Tapani, who emerged as the Twins' No. 2 starter during the season, did not
look good in his two post-season starts. He pitched just 10 innings against the
Blue Jays, giving up 16 hits and nine earned runs.

    The 27-year-old right-hander was 0-6 during May but went 14-3 in his last 17
decisions. He said there was no dramatic change.

    "I'm throwing the same stuff now I was losing with then," Tapani said.
    Tapani is one of three pitchers acquired from the Mets in the 1989 trade for
Frank Viola. He averaged just 1.5 walks per nine innings during the season.
 Palermo makes pitch


   American League umpire Steve Palermo made an emotional return to the field
Saturday night, throwing out the ceremonial first pitch.

    Palermo was shot while trying to break up a robbery in July and suffered an
incomplete severance of the spinal cord and partial paralysis in his legs. He is
currently undergoing rehabilitation and expects to return to umpiring.

    "The pain goes with the frustration," Palermo said, fighting back tears.
"The frustration is not being able to walk and get out on that field." Palermo
went on the field Saturday using crutches and received a tremendous ovation.
Palermo said he thinks about the incident every night. "I proved one thing," he
said. "I'm not bulletproof."
 The cold shoulder


   The temperature in the Twin Cities was 49 degrees at game time and expected
to dip into the 20s Saturday night, but it was a toasty 68 degrees inside the
Metrodome. Despite all the quirks of the stadium, just about everybody was
pleased to be inside. "It's really cold outside," Braves manager Bobby Cox said.
"I didn't enjoy walking over here, and it's only four blocks."
 Lonnie in the books


   When Atlanta's Lonnie Smith stepped into the batter's box to start Saturday's
game, he also stepped into the record book. Smith is the first player to appear
in four World Series with four different teams. Better yet, his team has won
each time the 1980 Phillies, 1982 Cardinals and 1985 Royals.
 Royal company


   Atlanta pitcher Marvin Freeman may be on the disabled list, but he is making
sure to meet every celebrity he can. Freeman said Saturday he took care of
Minneapolis-based singer Prince. "I left him on my pass list," Freeman said. One
problem. They don't use a pass list for the Series.
 Worst to first


   The Braves and Twins are the first two teams to go from last place to the
World Series the following season. The 1890 Louisville Colonels of the American
Association went from last place to first, but there was no World Series.
 Miscellany


   The temperature in the Twin Cities was 49 degrees at game time and expected
to dip into the 20s Saturday night, but it was 68 degrees inside the Metrodome.
The Braves and Twins are the first two teams to go from last place to the World
Series the following season. The last four World Series MVPs have been starting
pitchers. Atlanta catcher Greg Olson, an Edina, Minn., resident and former Twin,
received a loud cheer during pregame introductions.  Gladys Knight sang the
national anthem Saturday night, the first time she attended a major-league
baseball game.
 MARC TOPKIN and TIMES WIRES

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, Associated Press, (2); BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO,
Reuters; The Native American protesters said the use of chants and tomahawk
chops by Braves fans demeans their culture. (ran in C and T); A novelty vendor
prepares his booth for the World Series.  (ran in S); Twins pitcher Jack Morris
yawns while warming up with teammate Randy Bush. (ran in S)

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              356 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            November 27, 2015 Friday

Topeka promoters seek different approaches to new audience

BYLINE: Rick Dean.

rick.dean@cjonline.com

LENGTH: 1001 words


The brief encounter happened some 20 years ago, but it remains fresh in Larry
Farmer's mind today.

Farmer and lifelong friend Tony Barksdale were basketball standouts at Highland
Park High School when a summertime AAU tournament in North Carolina led to their
introduction to Kobe Bryant, who would soon jump directly from high school into
a legendary NBA career with the Los Angeles Lakers.

"Where are you guys from?," Bryant asked the new arrivals.

"The capital of Kansas," Farmer remembers answering.

"Oh, sure - Kansas City," Bryant is said to have responded.

Farmer recounts that story today not to demean Bryant's sense of geography, but
rather to illustrate the lack of familiarity many people have for his hometown.

It explains in part why Farmer, now 37, is employing the marketing skills he
acquired while on a basketball scholarship at the University of Central Oklahoma
to help promote his hometown - not just to people who can't locate Topeka on a
map, but also to younger residents here who are reluctant to embrace it.

Farmer is spinning up projects involving music and basketball to promote Topeka
in ways conventional marketing campaigns might resist.

On the arts side, Farmer hopes to expand on the efforts of Topekan and Washburn
University graduate Phillip "Brail" Watson, a classically trained musician and
poet whose soulful video "Topeka Proud" encourages Topeka pride through local TV
commercials and multiple social media platforms.

On the sports side, Farmer has begun a project chronicling the transition of
freshman Jahmal McMurray - one of the most prolific high school basketball
players in Topeka history - into the ranks of NCAA Division I athletics at the
University of South Florida. He also is involved in fundraising efforts for the
11 youth-group teams in Barksdale's AAU basketball program.

Watching McMurray play against top-ranked Kentucky on Friday should inspire more
people than just the young basketball players in Barksdale's program, Farmer
said.

"It could be inspirational for all Topeka people to see a Topeka kid making
good, advancing through the world of big-time college basketball," Farmer said.

"We have the means now through social media to let young people see him working
hard, then seeing how that hard work can lead to success. Technology gives us
even more opportunity to affect lives positively."

The rap on Topeka

His proposed collaborations with Watson - a concert cellist now doing
post-graduate work at the Berklee College of Music in Valencia, Spain - put
Farmer on a parallel track with a more traditional group promoting Topeka.

It was, after all, the Heartland Visioning group that first asked Watson to film
a local commercial encouraging Topeka pride.

Doing so in a hip-hop video was anything but a traditional Chamber of Commerce
approach to marketing. Yet Heartland Visioning saw in Watson's poetry a passion
for his hometown that might appeal to a younger, but important, nontraditional
audience.

"Brail brought a fresh, 'be proud of Topeka' approach that was geared more to
the millennial generation," noted Kristen Brunkow, a self-described 23-year-old
millennial who is Heartland Visioning's director of communications and community
engagement. "If you're trying to reach millennials, we probably needed to look
at things through their eyes and use an artist they could identify with."

Brunkow and others knew the rap presentation wouldn't be universally accepted in
conservative Topeka, even though the commercial that later became a full-length
music video also had sponsorship from Downtown Topeka, Inc., and Bartlett &
West, a principal contractor in the downtown renovations.

"We knew it might not be a big hit with our older citizens," she acknowledged.
"Even though it's not exactly what I'd call a rap video - its chorus is more
rhythm and blues than rap - there have been people who say we shouldn't promote
Topeka with a hip-hop video."

Brunkow said she understands that sentiment. She also understands that for any
community to be sustainable, "you have to have young people keep coming into
your community.

"I moved here (from Oklahoma via K-State) and found a lot of cool aspects to
Topeka," she said. "But you don't always hear that said enough, especially from
those who've lived here all their lives. I think it's neat to encourage a
dialogue that promotes those positives instead of just talking about the
negatives."

Reach your

children

Farmer, though not associated with Heartland Visioning, likes the concept of
using new ways to connect with a different audience.

He knew from his first conversation with Watson - who called him from Spain at 3
a.m. Topeka time - that he was dealing with someone who could help expand
Topeka's brand.

"We talked for a couple hours about the things we had in common - one of which
was a passion to help put Topeka on the map," Farmer said. "He and Jahmal, to
me, represent what's possible for people in Topeka, even as they operate in two
different spheres of art and sports.

"I see it as a springboard. It's like, 'Wake up, look at what's possible; we can
reach more people.' "

Barksdale, who helped mentor McMurray in his Kansas All-Stars AAU program,
shares Farmer's belief that any project to inspire young Topekans - be it
through music or basketball - is worth trying.

"It's all about trying to make things better," Barksdale said. "I believe we can
reach younger people and help them develop a different frame of mind from what
people usually think of Topeka.

"To me, it's a chance to develop skills in kids who might have a chance to get
their education paid for. I had that opportunity; I couldn't have gone to
college if I hadn't gotten scholarships, and that will be the case for most of
the kids I deal with.

"I don't know if what I'm doing is promoting Topeka, because I'm just trying to
help give kids a better life," Barksdale added. "But, if we can promote Topeka
through kids recognized for their basketball skills, that's OK, too."

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              357 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                           November 17, 2016 Thursday

When Work Loses Its Dignity;
Op-Ed Contributor

BYLINE: SHERROD BROWN

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 861 words

DATELINE: Cleveland

ABSTRACT

Workers are toiling longer and getting paid less than their parents. Their
struggles have been forgotten or ignored in Washington.

FULL TEXT

Cleveland - Start with this: When you call us the Rust Belt, you demean our work
and diminish who we are.

To create wealth in America, we make it, we grow it or we mine it. In the
industrial Midwest, we do all three. Ohio has the largest manufacturing work
force in the country aside from California (which has three times our
population) and Texas (more than twice our size). And we make things with
dignity.

Many years ago, as a state representative, I spent countless hours at United
Steelworkers Local 169 in Mansfield, a small industrial city north of Columbus.
I would listen to workers who stopped in at the hall before or after their
shifts. I learned how they made steel and how they built cars. I learned that
strikes are always an act of back-against-the-wall desperation because workers
never make up for the wages lost, no matter how good the new contract is or how
briefly they are on the picket line.

They worked hard. Most gladly accepted six-day workweeks because of the overtime
pay. Most of these workers, especially those lucky enough to carry a union card,
had a shot at upward mobility. They owned modest houses, they could buy new cars
every four or five years, and they could send their children to the local Ohio
State campus or to North Central Technical College.

Few of these workers, white or black, expected to have the opportunities I had
as a doctor's kid. But they understood intuitively that their daughter at Johnny
Appleseed Junior High could have more than they did.

Their goal - to achieve the American dream and send their children up the
economic ladder - was more difficult for them to reach than it was for my
parents. More things could go wrong for them: a layoff, a strike, a work injury,
an illness in the family, each coming with more devastating consequences than
those life deals out to more affluent white families.

I learned about the role circumstance played in success - where you were born,
how much education and income your parents had, what neighborhood you lived in,
what school you attended. At the union hall, we often discussed books, articles
and news about strikes and heroes of the labor movement. They were novels like
Wallace Stegner's "Joe Hill" and John Steinbeck's "Grapes of Wrath" that tell
the very real stories of the lives of American workers, stories that too many in
Washington have forgotten or ignored for far too long.

As the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. taught us, all work has dignity and
importance, whether done by a street sweeper, Michelangelo or Beethoven. People
take pride in the things they make, in serving their communities in hospitals or
schools, in making their contribution to society with a job well done.

But over the past 40 years, as people have worked harder for less pay and fewer
benefits, the value of their work has eroded. When we devalue work, we threaten
the pride and dignity that come from it.

American workers understood then and understand now that you build a society and
an economy from the middle class out. Trickle-down economics was discredited
decades ago. Workers paid good wages are also good consumers, which means
companies can sell more of their products. Executives have always been paid
well, but nothing close to the 300 to 1 pay ratio separating chief executives
from workers today. Most Americans have always wanted to believe that their
children's lives will be better than their own.

Ohio workers know they toil harder and are paid less than their parents, and
have less power to control the hours they work and their share of the wealth
they create for their employer. This diverse force feels betrayed by trade and
tax policies that create immense affluence at the top and take wealth from
workers. Much of Washington - and that now includes Donald J. Trump - doesn't
seem to understand this.

Ohio families will watch to see if the new president follows the billionaire
agenda of the Republican leadership in Washington, which has called for
overturning a new rule that increases overtime pay for many workers - an action
that would strip thousands of dollars in wages from 130,000 of Ohio's
moderate-income workers. They will measure this president to see if he continues
to oppose increasing the minimum wage, which is worth nearly 20 percent less
than in 1980. Workers will expect the president to keep his promise of a trade
agenda that puts their jobs above corporate profits. And they will scrutinize
whether he will throw in with Washington's moneyed interests at the expense of
middle-class and working-class families.

If President Trump takes the likely path that almost all Washington Republicans
hope - tax cuts for the rich, an easing up on Wall Street, more voter
suppression - Ohio workers will feel betrayed. Again. And they will respond.

Follow The New York Times Opinion section on Facebook and Twitter (@NYTOpinion),
and sign up for the Opinion Today newsletter.

Sherrod Brown, a Democratic senator from Ohio, is the author of "Myths of Free
Trade: Why American Trade Policy Has Failed."

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              358 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                            January 11, 2011 Tuesday
                            All but Toronto Edition

Mistakes? Anthony's made a few

BYLINE: Bruce Arthur, National Post

SECTION: SPORTS; Bruce Arthur; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 910  words


On a late-night bus ride in Beijing, at the 2008 Olympics, I talked with a
highly respected NBA reporter who was extremely familiar with Carmelo Anthony.
He said he would take Carmelo over Chris Bosh; I argued the opposite, based on
Anthony's history of bone-headed moves, mostly off the court. He just didn't
seem like someone you could trust with your franchise, I said.

Of course, the way Bosh burned bridges on the way out of Toronto, at best
neither one of us was really right.

With that in mind, I'm starting to think that Carmelo Anthony could use better
representation. Not to demean Leon Rose, the agent for the Denver Nuggets star,
or fellow CAA powerbroker William Wesley, who is apparently also chatting away
in his ear, but the decisions that Carmelo makes increasingly seem to be, er,
poorly thought out. Like, James Dolan-style.

This all started in the summer of 2006, when the stellar draft class of 2003
were deciding whether to re-sign with the teams that had chosen them. At the
time, LeBron James stayed in Cleveland; Chris Bosh stayed in Toronto; Dwyane
Wade stayed in Miami; Carmelo stayed in Denver. Oh, and Darko Milicic had been
traded from Detroit to Orlando with Carlos Arroyo for a first-round pick and
journeyman centre Kelvin Cato, whose gold Rolls Royce may have been the most
cartoonishly extravagant car I have ever seen in person.

But while James, Bosh and Wade agreed to sign four-year deals with an opt-out
clause after three, Carmelo stuck with a five-year deal. This, clearly, was
dumb. Partly, it was dumb because the deal would carry over into the strange
unknown world of a new collective bargaining agreement, which even then was
believed to be headed towards more restrictive terms, and which now seems
destined to be achieved after a lockout of indeterminate length and rancor.

So while LeBron, Wade and Bosh were all eligible for six-year, US$121-million
contracts when they were free agents last summer -- remember last summer? --
Carmelo is now eligible to sign a three-year, US$65-million extension, and then
another deal in a far less congenial labour environment. If he doesn't sign by
the time this CBA expires, then who knows how many millions he will lose?

As it stands, the money is not the only thing Carmelo missed. While Bosh, LeBron
and Wade were putting together a team which has won 21 of its last 22 games, and
which I still say will win in the neighbourhood of five championships barring
catastrophic injury or a misplaced meteor, Carmelo seems destined to join...the
New Jersey Nets.

Great move, Carmelo. Yeah, you wanted to go to the Knicks, but they didn't have
the trade assets after razing the village in a doomed attempt to grab LeBron.
After an awfully drawn-out trade negotiation, it's New Jersey.

Which means that Carmelo Anthony would make a lousy general manager, too. He
reportedly has eased his hardline stance against an extension in Jersey thanks
to the possible inclusion of 33-year-old shooting guard Richard Hamilton, and
also his current teammate, 34-year-old point guard Chauncey Billups.

So, great. Those three, plus young and apparently regressing centre Brook Lopez,
would make for an excellent sixth seed in the East, where to be out of the
playoff race you essentially need to have set off a bomb in your locker room
(see: Cleveland). The Nets are 10-27 now, and made such canny acquisitions this
summer as Travis Outlaw (five years, US$35-million, .379 shooting, 12.0 points
per game), along with Anthony Morrow and Johan Petro, who will be sent away if
the trade goes through. Oh, and Outlaw essentially plays Carmelo's position, by
the way.

So what I'm saying is that Carmelo Anthony has made mistakes, and seems destined
to make more. Forget the possibility of signing Chris Paul in 2012 for a minute;
ignore the Nets' pending move to Brooklyn. This is a franchise with a rookie
owner and a retread general manager (Billy King, who didn't exactly maximize the
Allen Iverson era in Philly, the 2001 Finals appearance notwithstanding), and
that has just about no hope of getting into the same weight class as the Miami
Heat.

Had he not gone for the five-year deal in 2006, Carmelo could have landed in New
York with Amar'e Stoudemire, or with a New Jersey team that didn't have to send
away it's No. 3 overall pick to get him. Hell, he could have landed with Blake
Griffin and the Clippers. He could have enjoyed the whirl of the chase in the
mad summer of 2010, rather than boxed himself into a corner as the lockout of
2011 looms ever nearer.

Instead, Denver is trying to squeeze every penny, and New Jersey is putting
together a second-rate squad -- we haven't even mentioned a long-term extension
for Billups, which is a terrible idea -- and really, if Hamilton was the
tiebreaker, Denver could just trade for him and keep Carmelo, right? Well,
except 'Melo's wife, MTV personality LaLa, apparently wants to be closer to New
York. As Ken Berger of CBS Sports tweeted, "Rival team exec on Melo's rationale:
'He wants the money and he wants to be in New York. He gets the city he wants
for the money he wants."

So there you have it. Say what you will about LeBron and Bosh and Wade, and Lord
knows everybody has, but they're trying to forge a dynasty. For Carmelo,
meanwhile -- well, forget winning, forget good teams, forget championships. It's
the shallow end of the NBA pool, is what it is, and someone should convince him
different. But good advice, it seems, can be hard to find.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White
Photo: Christian Petersen, Getty Images;  LeBron James, Dwyane Wade and Chris
Bosh have caught heat for how  they've gamed the system, but they have far more
to show for their  efforts than Carmelo Anthony, above.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              359 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 18, 1983, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

DON'T COUNT ECONOMIC RIGHTS AS CIVIL RIGHTS, SOME ARGUE

BYLINE: By ROBERT PEAR

SECTION: Section 4; Page 3, Column 1; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 917 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Do civil rights include economic rights? Does a commitment to civil rights
require more Federal spending on social welfare programs designed to enhance
economic opportunities for blacks and other minorities?

President Lyndon B. Johnson would have said yes, most emphatically. But more and
more people from various points on the political spectrum now seem to be saying
no. Clarence M. Pendleton Jr., the chairman of the United States Commission on
Civil Rights, declares that ''social programs are not civil rights policy.''

Chester E. Finn Jr., a professor of education and public policy at Vanderbilt
University, warns that the commission ''demeans the idea of civil rights'' and
risks losing some of its moral authority when it starts to assess the adequacy
of ''sundry social service programs.''

The breadth and diversity of issues covered under the rubric of civil rights can
be gauged from the work of the commission. In 1978, it held a public
''consultation'' on battered women, noting that women who complained of abuse
were often treated cavalierly by the criminal justice system. Last year it
issued a report lamenting ''the decline of black farming in America.'' A few
months later the commission criticized President Reagan for proposing to cut
back the Federal budget for education. More recently, it has investigated the
high poverty rate for households headed by women.

The range of the commission's interests was mirrored in the broad array of
social and economic demands made by the hundreds of thousands of people who
marched on Washington last month, commemorating the civil rights march of 1963,
which had more unity of purpose. Mr. Reagan's nominees to the Civil Rights
Commission tend to make careful distinctions between civil rights and economic
benefits. The Senate Judiciary Committee last week postponed a vote on whether
to confirm the nominees when it appeared that one or more might be defeated,
despite heavy White House lobbying.  Regardless of whether they are confirmed,
the debate over civil and economic rights is likely to continue. Ralph G. Neas,
executive director of the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights, a coalition of
more than 165 national organizations, said, ''The civil rights struggles of the
1980's will focus primarily on issues involving equal economic opportunity -
jobs, fair and affordable housing, discrimination against women in insurance,
pensions and other economic areas.'' Discrimination now, he said, is ''more
subtle and sophisticated'' than in the 1960's, when ''blatant discrimination
against blacks in Selma and Birmingham, Ala., quickly educated the nation to the
need for the Voting Rights Act and other landmark legislation.'' Changing
Definitions

In 1965, civil rights meant protecting blacks from police nightsticks and tear
gas as they tried to register to vote. In 1983, it means complex procedures
designed to alleviate the present effects of past discrimination. Thus, for
example, in a case from Memphis, the Supreme Court is weighing the seniority
rights of white firefighters against the competing job claims of blacks hired
later under an affirmative action plan. The Civil Rights Commission last week
criticized the Reagan Administration for supporting the white firefighters. If
upheld, it said, this position would ''sound the death knell for effective
judicial enforcement of Federal equal employment opportunity laws.'' In so
doing, the commission rejected the advice of its staff director, Linda Chavez,
who was appointed last month by Mr. Reagan. She had argued that lower-court
orders blocking the layoffs were, in effect, a form of reverse discrimination
favoring blacks.

Mary Frances Berry, a Democrat appointed to the Civil Rights Commission by
President Carter, said there was ''no problem defining civil rights'' when there
was an unlimited supply of the item desired. When a black sits at a lunch
counter or drinks from a water fountain, she said, he does not exclude whites.
But, she said, ''the issues become more complicated when increasing opportunity
for some groups means decreasing opportunity for others,'' when ''we are faced
with a zero-sum game.'' In the Memphis Fire Department, for example, the supply
of jobs was limited, and hard times forced the city to lay off some employees.

The argument that budget cutbacks demonstrate hostility to civil rights
infuriates Reagan Administration officials. They insist that such cutbacks are
absolutely essential to stimulate economic growth, which in turn creates jobs
and new economic opportunities for blacks, women and others who have been
trapped in povery.  When the Census Bureau reports the poverty rate for blacks
is nearly three times the rate for whites, or when the Labor Department reports
the unemployment rate for blacks is more than twice the rate for whites, civil
rights leaders cite the statistics to support their demands for more Government
assistance. But White House officials say the statistics vindicate their
contention that the Great Society programs of the 1960's and 70's did a
disservice to the people they were meant to help.  President Johnson, who
pronounced the goal of the Great Society, vividly linked civil and economic
rights, and civil rights lobbyists today use basically the same argument.
''Equal opportunity is essential, but not enough,'' Johnson said. ''We seek not
just legal equity but human ability, not just equality as a right and a theory
but equality as a fact and equality as a result.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: graph of median family income

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              360 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Pakistan Today

                             July 19, 2016 Tuesday

Trump must be defeated, says Clinton in Ohio

LENGTH: 652  words


Hillary Clinton sought to wrest the spotlight from the Republican National
Convention the other day, by taking her own campaign to Ohio and telling civil
rights activists that Donald Trump cannot become president.Speaking at the NAACP
convention in Cincinnati as the Republican jamboree opened a five-hour drive up
the road, Clinton announced a nationwide drive to register millions of new
voters to stop Trump.

The former secretary of state, who swept to victory in the Democratic primaries
thanks to support from African Americans, painted her billionaire opponent as a
threat to democracy, who lacks a policy platform and whose company refused to
rent to blacks in the 1970s."Donald Trump plays coy with white supremacists.

Donald Trump insults Mexican immigrants Donald Trump demeans women. Donald Trump
wants to ban an entire religion from entering our country and Donald Trump loves
to talk to the press," she said.

Trump is to be anointed as Republican presidential nominee at the four-day
convention in Cleveland by the party once led by Abraham Lincoln, the president
who abolished slavery in the 19th century.Clinton told the conference of the
National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, which Trump declined
to address, that the Republicans were becoming the party of Trump.

"It is a threat to our democracy and it all adds up to an undeniable conclusion
Donald Trump cannot become president," she said to huge applause and delegates
leaping to their feet."That's why we've got to work together to get the vote out
this fall," she said, announcing a nationwide drive to get three million people
registered to vote in the November 8 general election.

It is customary for presidential candidates to address the NAACP convention but
the presumptive Republican nominee snubbed an invitation to speak at the
Cincinnati event.The Trump campaign gave no reason, as the candidate's wife
Melania prepared to take the stage at the Republican convention later Monday,
just 250 miles (400 kilometers) away in the same state.

Ohio is a key battleground state and Trump lost the Republican primary to
Governor John Kasich. But a recent NBC News poll put Clinton and Trump tied at
39 percent with 21 percent of voters undecided.

The former US secretary of state used much of her speech to call for criminal
justice reform, an end to systemic racism and to denounce the killing of police
officers as totally unjustified."This madness has to stop," she said in
reference to the attack Sunday that killed three police officers in Baton Rouge,
Louisiana"We have difficult, painful, essential work ahead of us to repair the
bonds between our police and our communities, and between and among each other,"
she added.

"The next president should make the commitment to fight for the reforms we so
desperately need, holding police departments like Ferguson accountable," she
said to deafening applause.The 2014 shooting of an unarmed black teenager by a
white police officer in Ferguson, Missouri, unleashed widespread protests, some
violent, about fatal police shootings.

The decision not to indict the police officer prompted more protests across the
country.Founded in 1909, the NAACP is America's oldest and largest civil rights
organization, campaigning to end racial discrimination.

Her voice cracking with emotion, Clinton also read from the Facebook post of
Montrell Jackson, one of the officers killed in Louisiana on Sunday, who spoke
of his hurt at being met with hostility when on duty, and viewed as a threat  as
a black man  when out of uniform"We have to heal the divides that remain, make
the United States what it should be  stronger and fairer, more opportunity for
everyone of our people," she said.The NAACP gave her a warm welcome on Monday.

Members of the audience expressed disappointment that Trump chose to stay away
and said Clinton appeared to be the candidate best suited to ending inequality.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Nawa Media (Pvt.) Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              361 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           August 15, 2012 Wednesday

Romney says Obama pushing sides apart;
VP Biden's 'chains' comment called 'outrageous.';
BALANCED COVERAGE PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN

BYLINE: By Laura A. Bischoff

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 432 words


CHILLICOTHE - Republican presidential hopeful Mitt Romney harshly criticized
President Barack Obama and his allies, saying they are stooping to new lows that
demean the office of the presidency and take attention away from issues such as
jobs and the economy.

"Over the last four years, this president has pushed Republicans and Democrats
about as far apart as they can go," Romney said in an 18 minute speech to 5,400
supporters in front of the historic Ross County Courthouse. "And now he and his
allies are pushing us all even further apart by dividing us into groups. He
demonizes some. He panders to others. His campaign strategy is to smash America
apart and then try to cobble together 51 percent of the pieces."

Obama campaign spokesman Ben LaBolt called the comments "unhinged, and
particularly strange coming at a time when he's pouring tens of millions of
dollars into negative ads that are demonstrably false."

Vice President Joe Biden sparked a campaign commotion Tuesday, telling an
audience in southern Virginia that included hundreds of black voters that Romney
wanted to put them "back in chains" by deregulating Wall Street. He later mocked
Republican criticism over the remark while conceding he meant to use the term
"unshackled."

Campaigning in Danville, Biden said the Republican ticket wanted to "unchain
Wall Street" by getting rid of regulations Obama signed into law two years ago.
He added: "They're going to put y'all back in chains."

Romney called Biden's comment "another outrageous charge."

The Romney rally capped off a bus tour through key swing states - North
Carolina, Virginia, Florida and Ohio.

Romney promised to repeal the federal health care law, which is modeled after a
program he implemented as governor of Massachusetts. Romney also said a
Romney-Ryan administration will work toward energy independence, quality public
education that isn't under the control of union bosses, trade policies that work
for America, support for small businesses, and cutting federal spending to put
America on track for balanced budgets.

On Saturday, Romney named Congressman Paul Ryan, R-Wisc., as his running mate,
bypassing Ohio native son U.S. Sen. Rob Portman who had been on the short list.
Portman and Gov. John Kasich stumped with Romney across Ohio on Tuesday.

Ryan is scheduled to hold a rally in Oxford at his alma mater, Miami University,
on Wednesday evening.

As House Budget Committee Chairman, Ryan has proposed a federal budget that
would cut trillions of dollars in spending in part by shifting Medicaid
responsibility largely to states and limiting its growth.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              362 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 April 11, 1997, Friday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

PEOPLE

BYLINE: Compiled By Harry Levins; Of The Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. 02A, PEOPLE COLUMN

LENGTH: 487 words


Quick: Which Democratic politician from Massachusetts is feeling heat from his
ex-wife over his marriage annulment petition?

Rep. Joseph Kennedy is not alone. Sen. JOHN KERRY has applied to the Archdiocese
of Washington for an annulment of his marriage to Julia Thorne. (They split in
1988; Kerry later remarried.)

Thorne has written the archdiocese opposing Kerry's petition; she says it
demeans their relationship and their two children. And she has written a blurb
for "Shattered Faith," in which Sheila Rauch Kennedy blasts the church's
annulment policy.

OPRAH WINFREY has bestowed her golden touch on another book - "The Rapture of
Canaan," by SHERI REYNOLDS. It's a young girl's story about her grandfather's
founding a fundamentalist church. Winfrey calls the choice apt, given the
Heaven's Gate mess.

Musical notes:

After 12 years, Seattle's SOUNDGARDEN is breaking up. The thunderous, brooding
group won two Grammy awards; five of Soundgarden's albums sold more than 20
million copies.

It's home again for Wyclef Jean and Pras Michel of THE FUGEES. More than 1,000
fans greeted the Fugees as they arrived for their first concerts in Haiti, where
Jean and Michel were born. The group's name is short for "refugees," and
receipts from the concerts will aid Haitian refugees.

Jazz pianist MARIAN McPARTLAND has a gig at the Supreme Court. Thursday she will
perform at the court, the first female jazz artist to play there.

Your emcee for the Tony Awards: TV's ROSIE O'DONNELL. Two networks will split
the three-hour event on June 1. PBS will broadcast the first hour, with minor
awards. CBS and O'Donnell will show the rest, featuring the big prizes.

Even being PRINCESS DIANA is no bed of roses.

Two paparazzi recorded a recent encounter with her. Among her laments:

"I'm seriously thinking of moving away. . . . I cannot . . . be battered every
single day because someone is making money. . . . I cannot be followed around by
all these men all the time.

"It's a nightmare. I can't go out to lunch. I certainly don't go out in the
evening. . . . I hide in the back of cars."

The mag bag: A judge has ordered BOB GUCCIONE JR. to pony up $ 100,000 in a sex
harassment suit bought by ex-workers at his Spin mag . . . Way back in '72,
MARIANNE HOWATSON posed nude for Penthouse; now, she'll repose in the penthouse
suite as the new president of rival Playboy Enterprises . . .

ON THIS DAY

On April 11, 1951, President Harry S Truman relieved Gen. Douglas MacArthur of
his Far East commands.

TODAY'S BIRTHDAYS

Designer Oleg Cassini.........84

Washington's Ethel Kennedy....69

Actor Joel Grey...............65

Actress Louise Lasser.........58

Columnist Ellen Goodman.......56

Country's Jim Lauderdale......40

Country's Steve Azar..........33

Rock's Nigel Pulsford.........32

Singer Lisa Stansfield........31

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 1997

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Photo by AP - One Small Step Actor Rod Steiger makes sure that
his 4-year-old son, Michael, becomes the first person to officially walk on his
star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. The star was dedicated during ceremonies
Thursday in Los Angeles.

                  Copyright 1997 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              363 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               March 27, 1999, Saturday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

PLAYING WITH FIRE

BYLINE: HUBERT MIZELL

SECTION: SPORTS; LET'S JAM: FINAL FOUR: ST. PETERSBURG; Pg. 13C

LENGTH: 759 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG



The heavily favored Blue Devils refuse to fan the flames

Roof didn't leak. Scoreboard blew no fuses. A dome-good afternoon. Last year's
NCAA South Region arena agonies having metamorphosed into Friday's secure smiles
at Tropicana Field.

Turnstiles counted 27,662 merrymakers, there for a freebie glimpse of athletic
talent that deserves better than being characterized as Duke and the Three
Stooges.

But, hey, what kind of double-dribbling knucklehead would demean Michigan State?
This is a 33-4 team, the absolute lord of college basketball's toughest league.
Ranked second in America by AP, ESPN/USA Today and all of oddsmaking Nevada.

Still, for this evening's national semifinal against an especially mesmerizing
flock of Blue Devils, is anybody but Final Four hunch players and certified
Spartan zealots giving gang green a snowball's chance in St. Petersburg?

"I think they have a huge advantage," Mike Krzyzewski said of Michigan State.

Don't automatically conclude that Duke's coach was blowing Florida smoke. He was
trumpeting an MSU habit of winning tough, close games.

"I expect this to be a close game," he said.

Bookies aren't buying that. Despite the deep, dominant Big Ten portfolio of
Michigan State, the Sparties are whopping 11 1/2-point underdogs. Nearly four
months ago, Duke beat MSU in the infant regular season. Not by a dozen points.
Just six. If we must choose between the cold-cash logic of Las Vegas and
Krzyzewski's characteristically stylish opinion, I'm going with the Durham
dynamo.

Duke will be threatened. Maybe not beaten, but at least mildly teased. This
season's Atlantic Coast Conference did not have its customary ferocity. Seldom
were there gritty, late-game exams for the K-Devils.

Are they silently vulnerable?

Before long, all the continent will know for sure if Duke was simply too strong
for everybody. Was that the reason for such a shortage of narrow scrapes? We'll
see if the hammering of the ACC carries over to the Final Four, becoming a
smashing of Michigan State to be followed by a Monday night championship
walkover of whomever.

Or is there a killer Stooge?

Michigan State can muscle with Duke. That is a safe bet. Both teams play
exceptional defense, but the K-Devils have better shooters. This is a shockingly
young Duke team. But, perhaps due to the Coach K factor, there does not appear
to be an experience disadvantage.

"We haven't been overconfident since Day One," said 6-foot-8 Blue Devils
sophomore Shane Battier. "No reason to believe we would be now. This is a really
mature team."

Duke won back-to-back national championships in 1991-92. But this 1999
aggregation, while every bit as talented as Krzyzewski's begone kings, is
different somehow. There is no Christian Laettner arrogance. This season's
collection of Blue Devils is even more likeable than it is awesome. No matter
how St. Pete comes out.

Among the eight young men on whom Krzyzewski most depends, only Trajan Langdon
is a senior. Chris Carrawell is the only junior. There are five sophomores and
an acrobatic, gifted, entertaining freshman named Corey Maggette.

If they all go full term, Duke could win the 1999 national championship along
with a couple more in the budding millennium. Krzyzewski has another dazzling
recruiting class en route. It's not exactly UCLA in the style of 1964-75, but
the modern Duke propensities are brilliant.

Until now, Duke has never had a basketball player take premature flight to the
NBA. They've stayed, they've studied and they've usually achieved. But, again,
today's bunch is probably different.

Elton Brand is a dynamic 6-8 sophomore who's a longshot to ever become a Duke
senior. You wonder if William Avery, sophomore point guard for Krzyzewski, will
be around for two more seasons. How long will Maggette remain?

"We usually get kids who have really valued the opportunity of getting a great
education at Duke," Krzyzewski said. "That may change in the future. My role is
to be truthful and honest. To be on the side of the young man involved, as well
as his family. Helping him make the best decision for him."

There will never be another UCLA, like the John Wooden-coached wizards who won
10 national championships in 12 seasons. But if anything or anybidy can come
close, it'll be Duke and Krzyzewski. He has Wooden-like traits, strong in
fundamentals and personal style, but short of needless bombast. These are not
Stooges the K-Devils are up against at the Trop, but the odds can so easily
point to Duke.

Enough guessing.

Let's play.


LOAD-DATE: March 27, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR DRAWING, OCTAVIO PEREZ; A Duke Blue Devil stirs a cauldron of
basketballs, an Ohio State Buckeye, a Michigan State Spartan and a UConn Husky.

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              364 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           November 5, 2016 Saturday

Clinton, Trump target two different Americas

BYLINE: JILL COLVIN and KATHLEEN HENNESSEY Associated Press

SECTION: A; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 623 words


ATKINSON, N. H. - Hillary Clinton sped across battleground states Friday trying
to seal a historic presidential victory powered by minorities and women, while
Donald Trump traveled to small-town America to fire up the white, working-class
voters he insists will bring the crown to his outsider campaign.

Clinton and Democratic allies used star power and stark warnings as they
addressed her base of African-American, Hispanic and female voters. She was
campaigning in urban centers of Detroit, Pittsburgh and Cleveland while
President Barack Obama made her case in Charlotte, North Carolina - all cities
where minority voters are crucial.

In Pittsburgh, a city where one in three people is not white, Clinton hammered
Trump as "someone who demeans women, mocks people with disabilities, insults
African-Americans and Latinos and demonizes immigrants and Muslims."

Trump, meanwhile, was on a tour of rural areas, hoping to boost turnout among
the voters drawn to his promise to bring back a lost America. He started his day
in Atkinson, New Hampshire, population 6,800 and almost 98 percent white,
according to the U.S. Census Bureau. From there, he was bound for Wilmington,
Ohio, another overwhelmingly white town where just 13 percent of residents have
a college degree.

Speaking more than 2,000 miles from the Mexican border, Trump drew loud cheers
in Atkinson when he vowed to build a massive wall between the U.S. and Mexico.
The crowd booed when he contended that Clinton supports "open borders."

The candidates' divergent paths highlighted the yawning gaps between race, place
and economics that drive presidential policies.

Trump told his largely white audience in Atkinson that "we have to rebuild our
country."

Trump's dark views on the economy clashed with a new jobs report showing the
unemployment rate declined to 4.9 percent while wages went up in October. The
report marks 73 straight months of job growth.

But the Republican said the numbers weren't good enough, and he cast doubt on
whether they were accurate.

"These numbers are an absolute disaster," Trump said, reviving his argument that
the unemployment numbers released every month by the Labor Department are skewed
because they don't accurately account for those who've dropped out of the
workforce.

"Nobody believes the numbers they're reporting anyway," he said.

As he spoke, Clinton campaigned in Pittsburgh, delivering a nearly opposite
message. She celebrated what she described as the Rust Belt city's rebirth of
"confidence" and economic renewal. She asked voters to "imagine two different
Americas" - one with Trump in charge, and one with her in the White House.

"Think about what it will be to trust the nuclear codes to someone with a very
thin skin," she said, adding Trump could "start a real war, not just a Twitter
war at 3 in the morning."

Clinton called the jobs report "good news."

"I believe that our economy is poised to really take off and thrive," she said.
"When the middle class thrives, America thrives."

Clinton's campaign has announced two more stops in Philadelphia before Tuesday.
Pennsylvania is a state where Clinton has long had a solid lead; it has not
voted for a Republican in six presidential elections.

But with polls tightening across battleground states, Democrats are taking
little for granted. Former President Bill Clinton worked to drive up turnout in
Colorado on Friday, while Vice President Joe Biden was due in Wisconsin, both
states Clinton was believed to have locked up weeks ago.

Clinton herself was to wrap her day in Cleveland at a get-out-the-vote rally
with hip-hop artist Jay-Z.

Meanwhile, Obama halted an afternoon speech in Fayetteville, N.C., to defend a
pro-Trump protester who was chanting the Republican nominee's name.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2016 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              365 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                           November 5, 2016, Saturday

Clinton, Trump target 2 different Americas

BYLINE: Jill Colvin and Kathleen Hennessey, The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1A

LENGTH: 776 words


ATKINSON, N.H. - Hillary Clinton sped across battleground states Friday, trying
to seal a historic presidential victory powered by minorities and women, while
Donald Trump traveled to small-town America to fire up the white, working-class
voters he insists will bring the White House to his outsider campaign.

Clinton and Democratic allies used star power and stark warnings as they
addressed her base of black, Hispanic and female voters. She was campaigning in
urban centers of Detroit, Pittsburgh and Cleveland while President Barack Obama
made her case in Charlotte, North Carolina - all cities where minority voters
are crucial.

In Pittsburgh, a city where one in three people is not white, Clinton hammered
Trump as "someone who demeans women, mocks people with disabilities, insults
African-Americans and Latinos and demonizes immigrants and Muslims.

"If he doesn't respect all Americans now, how can we trust him to serve all
Americans in the future? she asked later in Detroit, where minorities make up 90
percent of the population.

Trump, meanwhile, was on a tour of rural areas, hoping to boost turnout among
the voters drawn to his promise to bring back a lost America. He started his day
in Atkinson, New Hampshire, population 6,800 and almost 98 percent white,
according to the U.S. Census Bureau. From there, he was bound for Wilmington,
Ohio, another overwhelmingly white town where just 13 percent of residents have
a college degree.

Speaking more than 2,000 miles from the Mexican border, Trump drew loud cheers
in Atkinson when he vowed to build a wall between the United States and Mexico.
The crowd booed when he contended that Clinton supports "open borders.

"Her plans would mean generations of terrorism, extremism and radicalism
spreading into your schools and through your communities, Trump declared.

In spite of a close race in national polling, Trump's path to victory remains
narrow. His campaign is increasingly looking to make up for losses among
suburban voters, particularly women, by wrestling up new voters in
out-of-the-way places.

The candidates' divergent paths highlighted the yawning gaps between race, place
and economics that drive presidential policies.

Trump told his largely white audience in Atkinson that "we have to rebuild our
country.

"They've shipped our jobs and they've shipped our wealth to other countries, he
said. "To all Americans, I say it is time for new leadership.

Trump's dark views on the economy clashed with a new jobs report showing the
unemployment rate declined to 4.9 percent while wages went up in October. The
report marks 73 straight months of job growth.

But the Republican said the numbers aren't good enough, and he cast doubt on
whether they were accurate.

"These numbers are an absolute disaster, Trump said, reviving his argument that
the unemployment numbers released every month by the Labor Department are skewed
because they don't accurately account for those who've dropped out of the
workforce.

"Nobody believes the numbers they're reporting anyway, he said.

As he spoke, Clinton campaigned in Pittsburgh, delivering a nearly opposite
message. She celebrated what she described as the Rust Belt city's rebirth of
"confidence and economic renewal. She asked voters to "imagine two different
Americas - one with Trump in charge and one with her in charge.

"Think about what it will be to trust the nuclear codes to someone with a very
thin skin, she said, adding that Trump could "start a real war, not just a
Twitter war at 3 in the morning.

Clinton called the jobs report "good news.

"I believe that our economy is poised to really take off and thrive, she said.
"When the middle class thrives, America thrives.

Clinton's campaign has announced two more stops, in Philadelphia, before
Tuesday. Pennsylvania is a state where Clinton has long had a solid lead; it has
not voted for a Republican in six presidential elections.

But with polls tightening across battleground states, Democrats are taking
little for granted. Former President Bill Clinton worked to drive up turnout in
Colorado on Friday, while Vice President Joe Biden was due in Wisconsin, both
states Clinton was believed to have locked up weeks ago.

Clinton herself was to wrap her day in Cleveland at a get-out-the-vote rally
with hip-hop artist Jay-Z.

Meanwhile, Obama halted an afternoon speech in Fayetteville, North Carolina, to
defend a pro-Trump protester who was chanting the Republican nominee's name.

The Democratic president told the crowd to "sit down and be quiet. He defended
the man's right to free speech. The protester was eventually escorted out of the
venue.

"If we lose focus, we could have problems, Obama said.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Charleston Newspapers


                              366 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Hartford Courant

                           November 5, 2016 Saturday
                                   1 Edition

Two Different Americas

BYLINE: JILL COLVIN ;and KATHLEEN HENNESSEY

SECTION: MAIN; A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 794  words


ATKINSON, N.H. - Hillary Clinton sped across battleground states Friday trying
to seal a historic presidential victory powered by minorities and women, while
Donald Trump traveled to small-town America to fire up the white, working-class
voters he insists will bring the crown to his outsider campaign.

Clinton and Democratic allies used star power and stark warnings as they
addressed her base of African-American, Latino and female voters. She campaigned
in urban centers of Detroit, Pittsburgh and Cleveland while President Barack
Obama made her case in Charlotte, N.C. - all cities where minority voters are
crucial.

In Pittsburgh, a city where 1 in 3 people is not white, Clinton hammered Trump
as "someone who demeans women, mocks people with disabilities, insults
African-Americans and Latinos and demonizes immigrants and Muslims."

"If he doesn't respect all Americans now, how can we trust him to serve all
Americans in the future?" she asked later in Detroit, where minorities make up
90 percent of the population. She is hoping to be elected Tuesday as the
nation's first female president.

Clinton urged supporters to stage "an intervention" with friends and family
members who plan to vote for Trump by explaining to them that "anger is not a
plan."

"Sometimes the fate of the greatest nation comes down to a single moment,"
Clinton said. "This is one of those make-or-break moments for the United States.
This is in your hands."

The Democratic nominee's exhortation, along with a campaign video depicting
headlines of a Trump presidency, stating that "reality has no rewind," came as
she and Trump blitzed the nation's swing states with four days until Election
Day as polls show the race tightening.

Trump, meanwhile, was on a tour of rural areas, hoping to boost turnout among
the voters drawn to his promise to bring back a lost America. He started his day
in Atkinson, N.H., population 6,800 and almost 98 percent white, according to
the U.S. Census Bureau. From there, he was bound for Wilmington, Ohio, another
overwhelmingly white town where just 13 percent of residents have a college
degree.

Speaking more than 2,000 miles from the Mexican border, Trump drew loud cheers
in Atkinson when he vowed to build a massive wall between the U.S. and Mexico.
The crowd booed when he contended that Clinton supports "open borders."

"Her plans would mean generations of terrorism, extremism and radicalism
spreading into your schools and through your communities," Trump declared.

Trump called Clinton "unstable" and "trigger-happy," and criticized the
withdrawal of troops from Iraq  despite the fact that, in 2011, he had expressed
support for the withdrawal of troops from Iraq.

Trump repeated promises to "drain the swamp" of Washington, bring back jobs and
help veterans, leading one veteran to wave his prosthetic leg in the air.

But Trump's surrogates continued to create headaches for his campaign.

At the New Hampshire rally, former New Hampshire Gov. John Sununu joked that
Clinton's husband does not want to have sex with her.

"Do you think that Bill was referring to Hillary when he said: 'I did not have
sex with that woman?' " Sununu said, referring to ex-President Bill Clinton.

A small crowd gathered at a country club laughed at the joke. One man shouted:
"You mean Bill the rapist?"

Trump's campaign did not respond to the comment.

Sununu was governor of the state in the 1980s and was later White House chief of
staff under President George H.W. Bush. He is the father of former Sen. John
Sununu and Christopher Sununu, who holds a local office and is running for
governor.

While talking about how he plans to win Texas, Trump called the state's
agriculture commissioner, Sid Miller, a "wonderful guy."

Miller called Clinton the c-word in a recent tweet.

Despite a close race in national polling, Trump's path to victory remains
narrow. His campaign is increasingly looking to make up for losses among
suburban voters, particularly women, by  rustling up new voters in
out-of-the-way places.

The candidates' divergent paths highlighted the yawning gaps between race, place
and economics that drive presidential policies.

Trump told his largely white audience in Atkinson that "we have to rebuild our
country."

"They've shipped our jobs and they've shipped our wealth to other countries," he
said.

Trump's dark views on the economy clashed with a new jobs report showing the
unemployment rate declined to 4.9 percent while wages went up in October. The
report marks 73 straight months of job growth.

But the Republican said the numbers weren't good enough, and he cast doubt on
their accuracy.

"Nobody believes the numbers they're reporting anyway," he said.

Clinton, for her part, called the jobs report "good news."

The Washington Post contributed.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              367 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                           November 5, 2016 Saturday

Clinton, Trump appeal to 2 different Americas

BYLINE: JILL COLVIN and KATHLEEN HENNESSEY The Associated Press

SECTION: B; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 790 words


ATKINSON, N.H. - Hillary Clinton sped across battleground states Friday trying
to seal a historic presidential victory powered by minorities and women, while
Donald Trump traveled to small-town America to fire up the white, working-class
voters he insists will bring the crown to his outsider campaign.

Clinton and Democratic allies used star power and stark warnings as they
addressed her base of African-American, Hispanic and female voters. She was
campaigning in urban centers of Detroit, Pittsburgh and Cleveland while
President Barack Obama made her case in Charlotte, N.C. - all cities where
minority voters are crucial.

In Pittsburgh, a city where one in three people is not white, Clinton hammered
Trump as "someone who demeans women, mocks people with disabilities, insults
African-Americans and Latinos and demonizes immigrants and Muslims."

"If he doesn't respect all Americans now, how can we trust him to serve all
Americans in the future?" she asked later in Detroit, where minorities make up
90 percent of the population. She is hoping to be elected next Tuesday as the
nation's first female president.

Trump, meanwhile, was on a tour of rural areas, hoping to boost turnout among
the voters drawn to his promise to bring back a lost America. He started his day
in Atkinson, N.H., population 6,800 and almost 98 percent white, according to
the U.S. Census Bureau. From there, he was bound for Wilmington, Ohio, another
overwhelmingly white town where just 13 percent of residents have a college
degree.

Speaking more than 2,000 miles from the Mexican border, Trump drew loud cheers
in Atkinson when he vowed to build a massive wall between the U.S. and Mexico.
The crowd booed when he contended that Clinton supports "open borders."

"Her plans would mean generations of terrorism, extremism and radicalism
spreading into your schools and through your communities," Trump declared.

In spite of a close race in national polling, Trump's path to victory remains
narrow. His campaign is increasingly looking to make up for losses among
suburban voters, particularly women, by wrestling up new voters in
out-of-the-way places.

The candidates' divergent paths highlighted the yawning gaps between race, place
and economics that drive presidential policies.

Trump told his largely white audience in Atkinson that "we have to rebuild our
country."

"They've shipped our jobs and they've shipped our wealth to other countries," he
said. "To all Americans, I say it is time for new leadership."

Trump's dark views on the economy clashed with a new jobs report showing the
unemployment rate declined to 4.9 percent while wages went up in October. The
report marks 73 straight months of job growth.

But the Republican said the numbers weren't good enough, and he cast doubt on
whether they were accurate.

"These numbers are an absolute disaster," Trump said, reviving his argument that
the unemployment numbers released every month by the Labor Department are skewed
because they don't accurately account for those who've dropped out of the
workforce.

"Nobody believes the numbers they're reporting anyway," he said.

As he spoke, Clinton campaigned in Pittsburgh, delivering a nearly opposite
message. She celebrated what she described as the Rust Belt city's rebirth of
"confidence" and economic renewal. She asked voters to "imagine two different
Americas" - one with Trump in charge, and one with her in the White House.

"Think about what it will be to trust the nuclear codes to someone with a very
thin skin," she said, adding Trump could "start a real war, not just a Twitter
war at 3 in the morning."

Clinton called the jobs report "good news."

"I believe that our economy is poised to really take off and thrive," she said.
"When the middle class thrives, America thrives."

Clinton's campaign has announced two more stops in Philadelphia before Tuesday.
Pennsylvania is a state where Clinton has long had a solid lead; it has not
voted for a Republican in six presidential elections.

But with polls tightening across battleground states, Democrats are taking
little for granted. Former President Bill Clinton worked to drive up turnout in
Colorado on Friday, while Vice President Joe Biden was due in Wisconsin, both
states Clinton was believed to have locked up weeks ago.

Clinton herself was to wrap her day in Cleveland at a get-out-the-vote rally
with hip-hop artist Jay-Z.

Meanwhile, Obama halted an afternoon speech in Fayetteville, North Carolina, to
defend a pro-Trump protester who was chanting the Republican nominee's name.

The Democratic president told the crowd to "sit down and be quiet." He defended
the man's right to free speech. The protester was eventually escorted out of the
venue.

"If we lose focus, we could have problems," Obama said.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              368 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 23, 1998, Monday, Final Edition

NHL Suspends Berube 3 Games; Abuse of Official Cited After Melee in Boston

Athelia Knight, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 812 words



The NHL suspended Washington Capitals left wing Craig Berube three games for
physical abuse of an official during Saturday night's fight-filled game against
the Boston Bruins at FleetCenter, a league official said late yesterday.

Six players from each team, including Berube, were ejected 11 minutes 42 seconds
into the first period after a series of fights, which eventually involved all
the players on the ice, including the goaltenders.

As of yesterday, Berube was the only one to have been suspended. He became
physically involved with one of the linesmen -- a violation of NHL Rule 76, said
league vice president of communications Bernadette Mansur.

According to the NHL Rule 76(a) Category III, "Any player who, by his actions,
physically demeans an Official or who deliberately applies physical force to an
Official solely for the purpose of getting free of such an Official during or
immediately following an altercation shall be suspended for not less than three
games."

Capitals officials and Berube were unavailable to comment on the suspension. The
Bruins won the game, 5-4, in overtime. It was the first game between the teams
since the Capitals eliminated the Bruins in last spring's playoffs.

Mansur said league officials will review videotapes of the game to determine if
any further disciplinary action is warranted against any of the players involved
in the fracas. "Whenever there is a game misconduct [penalty, of which 14 were
assessed Saturday night], the league automatically looks at the tape of the
game," she said. Such a review doesn't mean that more disciplinary action will
occur, she said.

In addition to Berube, Washington's Olaf Kolzig, Dale Hunter, Mark Tinordi,
Dmitri Mironov and Ken Klee were ejected. They joined Bruins Byron Dafoe, Ken
Baumgartner, Ken Belanger, Peter Ferraro, Don Sweeney and Grant Ledyard. Berube,
who also was thrown out of Washington's game Friday night against the Ottawa
Senators, and Belanger received double game misconduct penalties.

Early yesterday, Capitals General Manager George McPhee said he didn't think it
was "necessary" for referee Mark Faucette to eject six players from each team.
McPhee said three players from each team should not have been ejected because
some of the players weren't directly involved in the fight.

The fight started behind the Bruins' goal with Boston ahead 2-0 on goals by
Darren Van Impe and Dmitri Khristich. For about five minutes, the players
pushed, shoved, and threw punches at each other. Faucette and linesmen Francois
Gagnon and Brian Murphy tried to separate the players, but as they pulled one
pair apart, another pair began fighting. After the fight, each team had only 13
skaters and a goaltender for the rest of the game.

With Rick Tabaracci replacing Kolzig in the Capitals' goal after the fracas,
Bruins center Jason Allison scored at 15:49 of the period to give Boston a 3-0
lead.

Chris Simon and Peter Bondra scored in the second period to close the gap to
3-2. But, after being held scoreless in the second period, the Bruins took a 4-2
lead on a goal by Anson Carter. The Capitals then tied the score at 4 on goals
by Brendan Witt and Steve Konowalchuk.

Allison scored the winning goal with 31 seconds left in overtime, improving
Boston's record to 7-7-5.

In addition to losing the game, the Capitals (6-9-3) lost another player with
eight minutes left in regulation when center Jan Bulis reinjured his left ankle.
He will be examined today to determine the extent of his injury.

Capitals Coach Ron Wilson said he never had seen 12 players ejected from a game
and that he thought the fight resulted from frustration. "It's just a couple of
frustrated teams and things got out of control and the guys settled it on the
ice the best way they knew how," he said.

Bruins Coach Pat Burns said the fight stemmed from last season's playoffs. "You
could feel [the fight coming] when we got a big lead in the first period," Burns
said. "It's something that goes back to last year's playoffs."

Witt said: "We knew it was going to be a physical game right at the beginning.
They were a little angry at us because we sent them home packing early last year
in the playoffs."

Kolzig and Dafoe, who are best friends from the days Dafoe played for
Washington, wound up squaring off during the fight, although they didn't
exchange punches. Dafoe "went after one of our guys and I went after one of
theirs," Kolzig said. "It just happened that we got together."

While the players were fighting on the ice, Burns turned toward the Washington
bench and flexed his bicep. "I think it's uncalled for," Wilson said after the
game. "He's got no right to make signals to our bench."

Capitals' Mark Tinordi, left, tangles with Bruins' Ken Baumgartner in Saturday's
fight-marred game. The two were among 12 players ejected.


LOAD-DATE: November 23, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, ap/jim rogash

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              369 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                           November 5, 2016 Saturday
                              Worcester TG Edition

The final push;
Clinton, Trump target two different Americas

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS; 1

LENGTH: 871 words


ATKINSON, N. H. -- Hillary Clinton sped across battleground states Friday trying
to seal a historic presidential victory powered by minorities and women, while
Donald Trump traveled to small-town America to fire up the white, working-class
voters he insists will bring the crown to his outsider campaign.

Clinton and Democratic allies used star power and stark warnings as they
addressed her base of African-American, Hispanic and female voters. She was
campaigning in urban centers of Detroit, Pittsburgh and Cleveland while
President Barack Obama made her case in Charlotte, North Carolina -- all cities
where minority voters are crucial.

In Pittsburgh, a city where one in three people is not white, Clinton hammered
Trump as "someone who demeans women, mocks people with disabilities, insults
African-Americans and Latinos and demonizes immigrants and Muslims."

"If he doesn't respect all Americans now, how can we trust him to serve all
Americans in the future?" she asked

SEE campaign,  A10

later in Detroit, where minorities make up 90 percent of the population. She is
hoping to be elected next Tuesday as the nation's first female president.

Trump, meanwhile, was on a tour of rural areas, hoping to boost turnout among
the voters drawn to his promise to bring back a lost America. He started his day
in Atkinson, New Hampshire, population 6,800 and almost 98 percent white,
according to the U.S. Census Bureau. From there, he was bound for Wilmington,
Ohio, another overwhelmingly white town where just 13 percent of residents have
a college degree.

Speaking more than 2,000 miles from the Mexican border, Trump drew loud cheers
in Atkinson when he vowed to build a massive wall between the U.S. and Mexico.
The crowd booed when he contended that Clinton supports "open borders."

"Her plans would mean generations of terrorism, extremism and radicalism
spreading into your schools and through your communities," Trump declared.

In spite of a close race in national polling, Trump's path to victory remains
narrow. His campaign is increasingly looking to make up for losses among
suburban voters, particularly women, by wrestling up new voters in
out-of-the-way places.

The candidates' divergent paths highlighted the yawning gaps between race, place
and economics that drive presidential policies.

Trump told his largely white audience in Atkinson that "we have to rebuild our
country."

"They've shipped our jobs and they've shipped our wealth to other countries," he
said. "To all Americans, I say it is time for new leadership."

Trump's dark views on the economy clashed with a new jobs report showing the
unemployment rate declined to 4.9 percent while wages went up in October. The
report marks 73 straight months of job growth.

But the Republican said the numbers weren't good enough, and he cast doubt on
whether they were accurate.

"These numbers are an absolute disaster," Trump said, reviving his argument that
the unemployment numbers released every month by the Labor Department are skewed
because they don't accurately account for those who've dropped out of the
workforce.

"Nobody believes the numbers they're reporting anyway," he said.

As he spoke, Clinton campaigned in Pittsburgh, delivering a nearly opposite
message. She celebrated what she described as the Rust Belt city's rebirth of
"confidence" and economic renewal. She asked voters to "imagine two different
Americas" -- one with Trump in charge, and one with her in the White House.

"Think about what it will be to trust the nuclear codes to someone with a very
thin skin," she said, adding Trump could "start a real war, not just a Twitter
war at 3 in the morning."

Clinton called the jobs report "good news."

"I believe that our economy is poised to really take off and thrive," she said.
"When the middle class thrives, America thrives."

Clinton's campaign has announced two more stops in Philadelphia before Tuesday.
Pennsylvania is a state where Clinton has long had a solid lead; it has not
voted for a Republican in six presidential elections.

But with polls tightening across battleground states, Democrats are taking
little for granted. Former President Bill Clinton worked to drive up turnout in
Colorado on Friday, while Vice President Joe Biden was due in Wisconsin, both
states Clinton was believed to have locked up weeks ago.

Clinton herself was to wrap her day in Cleveland at a get-out-the-vote rally
with hip-hop artist Jay-Z.

Meanwhile, Obama halted an afternoon speech in Fayetteville, North Carolina, to
defend a pro-Trump protester who was chanting the Republican nominee's name.

The Democratic president told the crowd to "sit down and be quiet." He defended
the man's right to free speech. The protester was eventually escorted out of the
venue.

"If we lose focus, we could have problems," Obama said.

From Page A1

Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump acknowledges supporters Friday
during a campaign rally in Atkinson, N.H. The Associated Press

Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, left, accompanied by retired
Pittsburgh Steelers Mel Blount, right, takes the stage Friday at a rally at
Heinz Field in Pittsburgh. The Associated Press

Supporters hold signs Friday at a campaign rally for Clinton in Detroit. The
Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              370 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    February 1, 2000, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Ftorek benched 1 game for throwing a bench

BYLINE: Mike Brehm

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 13C

LENGTH: 500 words


Devils coach Robbie Ftorek will sit out Wednesday after
being suspended for a game for throwing part of the player's bench
onto the ice.

Ftorek, also fined $ 10,000, was upset that referee Stephen
Walkom didn't stop play Saturday in Detroit while F Jay
Pandolfo lay bleeding on the ice. He needed 84 stitches. The
Red Wings eventually scored on the play.


"All coaches must meet a standard of decorum," NHL director
of hockey operations Colin Campbell said, "and any coach
who demeans the game is accountable for his actions."

Ftorek, who'll be replaced by assistants Larry Robinsonand Slava Fetisov for the
Rangers' game, is the second
coach suspended this season. Pittsburgh's Herb Brooks got
two games for confronting Avalanche play-by-play announcer John
Kelly.

Last season, Flyers coach Roger Neilson was suspended two
games for throwing a stick from the bench.

McCleary surgery: Canadiens F Trent McCleary had
surgery Monday morning to repair his fractured larynx.

He was hit by a slap shot Saturday afternoon, nearly choked to
death and also suffered a collapsed lung.

McCleary remains in the intensive care unit at Montreal General
Hospital but is no longer in danger. He is breathing with the
help of a respirator, is awake and able to write. He can't talk,
and there is no word yet on how the injury will affect his voice.

He has been visited by general manager Rejean Houle, coach
Alain Vigneault, G Jeff Hackett and other players,
who flew Monday night to Florida. Vigneault reported McCleary
to be in good spirits.

Owner recovering: Hurricanes owner Peter Karmanos,
56, is recovering from double-bypass heart surgery.

He became ill while vacationing in Nevada and had the surgery
Sunday morning at a Las Vegas-area hospital.

"The operation was a normal bypass procedure without any complications,
and Peter is expected to make a full recovery," said Joseph
A. Nathan, president of Karmanos' software company, Compuware
Corp.

Prices rising: Senators owner Rod Bryden revealed
Monday his plan for keeping the team in Ottawa now that the federal
government has done a quick reversal on aid.

In a nutshell, it will be up to the fans.

"We are giving our fans and corporate sponsors the final say
on if we stay or go," he said.

Bryden's plan:

* Raise ticket prices by 7%.

* Raise the base price of luxury suites by 10%.

* Ask season ticketholders to commit by Feb. 10 to buying
tickets next year.

* Push for an additional 1,500 season tickets. The deadline
would be Feb. 21.

Bryden will provide an update on the drive Feb. 11.

"This is not a cover-up for an attempt to leave," he said. "This
is an attempt to get this business in a sound position without
taking unreasonable risk."

Honored: D Sergei Gonchar, who had three goals and
four assists in four games for the red-hot Capitals, was named
NHL player of the week.  . . . Flyers D Adam Burt(concussion) has been cleared
to play.

LOAD-DATE: February 01, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Paul Warner, AP; Picking up the debris: Defenseman Brian
Rafalski skates off with the players' bench, which was tossed onto the ice by
angry Devils coach Robbie Ftorek during Saturday's game in Detroit.

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              371 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Independent Extra

                           September 1, 2011 Thursday
                                 First Edition

It demeans us when we let a species die;
Extinction

BYLINE: Mark Avery

SECTION: COMMENT; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 616 words


On 1 September 1914 a bird known as Martha died in a cage in Cincinnati Zoo and
the passenger pigeon was extinct. Newspapers across the world marked the event
but nearly 100 years later should we give Martha a moment's thought? Indeed, why
should we care about extinctions?

Fifty years before Martha died, her species was the commonest bird on the
planet, numbering maybe 9 billion birds. They formed colonies of millions of
nests and the long, winding flocks darkened the skies from dawn to dusk. A
harvesting industry grew up in states such as Ohio, Michigan and Illinois,
sending carcasses back to New York and Philadelphia restaurants by the
trainload. It seemed as though the well of pigeons was bottomless, but a
combination of overexploitation and destruction of their forests drove this
superabundant species to extinction.

I visited Cincinnati Zoo recently, paid my $10 entrance fee and headed towards
the bronze statue of a passenger pigeon. I sat in the sun and noticed that no
other visitors gave the memorial a glance, except a child who stroked the smooth
bronze of its head and hurried on towards the caged gorillas.

Its market value did not protect the passenger pigeon (nor the cod, nor the
great whales) from overexploitation. Perhaps we should take the lesson that
markets don't necessarily work well for protecting species, even those species
with well-developed markets and significant value. Theodore Roosevelt saved the
wood duck from extinction by introducing hunting regulations and they are a
common sight across the US.

Current thinking pays greater attention to the ecosystem benefits provided by
species. For example, peat-forming mosses have a value in storing carbon that is
lost when we dig them up and spread peat on our gardens. If we valued those
services we get for free, then maybe we wouldn't be so careless with them and
the natural world around us would provide more food, remove more pollutants,
store more carbon and give us a better life, and there would be fewer
extinctions.

But what ecosystem services might the world's most abundant bird once have
provided? If around in abundance now, they would be a fantastic tourist
attraction and communities could live off the visitor dollars. Ecologists
suggest that their demise may be a factor in the increased incidence of Lyme
disease whose economic costs have been estimated as $1bn per annum.

But it's all a bit thin really. We lost both the economic enterprises that
depended on passenger pigeons and any more indirect service they once provided,
but I won't try persuading anyone that the US is economically much the poorer
for the loss of these birds. But then we don't condemn human genocide on
economic grounds, we condemn it on moral grounds. And we don't regulate traffic
because each child killed on the road is an economic blow to the nation's
economic health, we do it because the loss of life and beauty and hope through
careless and selfish action is something to minimise as a matter of principle.
So, too, should we look at extinctions. Species extinctions impose economic
costs on us, and we pay an economic price for trashing the planet. But it's also
just plain wrong - uncivilised, irresponsible and demeaning to us if we continue
to do it. Surely those reasons taken together mean that we should do better for
species in future?

Conservationists are gearing up for the centenary of the demise of the passenger
pigeon. Perhaps President Obama (or Bachmann, Romney or Perry) should visit
Cincinnati Zoo that day, or at least invite world leaders to spend time with
them contemplating our impact on the world around us.

The writer is former conservation director of the RSPB www.markavery.info/blog

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IE


                      Copyright 2011 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              372 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            February 23, 2014 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Letters

BYLINE:

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 20A

LENGTH: 1074 words


Water quality not for state to decide

Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi's stand on environmentalism and water
quality, to me, is like the "stand your ground" law; the right to shoot (or
states' rights to make your own environmental laws) doesn't make for the best
outcome.

Florida has already, sad to say, obtained concessions from the Environmental
Protection Agency on water quality in the state. Too much money from
corporations and large landowners who prefer to pollute than spend their money
on making Florida's waterways cleaner and safer for humans, animals and wildlife
have too much financial influence on promulgation of those Florida-determined
laws and rules. (Rather ironic, isn't it, that money spent on avoiding pollution
restrictions could be better spent on pollution reduction?)

States' rights also overlooks the reality that rivers don't stop at state lines.
Water coming from Georgia is needed in Apalachicola Bay for oyster farming;
pollution-free water, hopefully. Pam Bondi needs to broaden her narrow outlook
on environmental issues and states' rights.

PATRICIA ABBOTT

Royal Palm Beach

Jury system a joke, unless you're rich

This past week, Clerk of Courts and Comptroller Sharon Bock wrote a nice fluffy
piece about citizens and jury duty ("Jury duty a citizen's crucial obligation,"
Thursday). The piece would make a great story for a civics class, but in real
life, forget about it.

The court system in this area is a joke. The problem is not so much jurors as it
is attorneys. I think we have one for every five citizens in this county, or at
least it feels like it. And soon to surpass attorneys as the problem are the
jury consultants. These are the sharks in the thousand-dollar suits advising the
attorneys who to select and who to dismiss. They want malleable people on their
juries.

An attorney friend of mine says that if you are smart you take the deal offered
rather than go to trial. Otherwise you're putting your fate in the hands of a
group of people not smart enough to get out of jury duty.

For a long time now, it has been my belief that we could make it so much more
simple, and speedier. The clerk takes 20 names (clean on background checks),
assigns each one a number, puts the numbers in a hat, and the bailiff picks six,
or eight or 12, and there is your jury.

So please, Sharon, spare me the lectures. Your statement that our system has
been envied and copied throughout the world is a tough one to swallow. Our
system works extremely well for the wealthy. And how many has our system
convicted and placed on death row only to find out years later that they were
wrongly convicted? If you don't mind, I'll pass on this wonderful opportunity to
serve.

MIKE WHELAN

Jupiter

Train with weapons before you judge

I am a liberal Democrat, and like many of us, I get very annoyed by Sheriff Ric
Bradshaw's instant exonerations after an officer-involved shooting. However, my
objections are about the overall handling of these situations and the
shoot-don't-shoot decisions.

Your editorial, however, advocates a totally impossible and dangerous policy
("If goal for police is to disable threat, why shoot to kill?" Feb. 16).

As a gun owner with a concealed weapons permit, and as a person who has placed
as high as fourth in rapid-fire pistol competitions, I would like to explain:

Although I am a good shot, nothing bad happens if I miss. My targets do not
move. Nobody else will get hurt if I miss. I will not be overpowered and give up
my weapon to a crazy person.

I would suggest that before an editor or columnist writes about guns and trying
to shoot to wound, they -- at a minimum -- take a firearms training course and
perhaps do enough research to understand the differences and capabilities of
weapons and shooters.

VINCENT DILLMANN

Lantana

Better U.S. than China for XL oil

After five years of mind-numbing study, the U.S. government has determined the
Keystone XL pipeline poses no additional risk to the environment. The project
will create an estimated 10,000 construction jobs as well as numerous ancillary
jobs during and after construction.

The Canadians are going to get this crude oil to refineries one way or another.
If it is not via a pipeline it will be by rail, which poses more risk to the
environment than a pipeline. If this oil does not go to the U.S., it will go to
China, whose refining process is more harmful to the environment than the
heavily regulated U.S. refining process. Enough already. Build the XL pipeline.

DAVE JOHNSON

West Palm Beach

Social Security is not an entitlement

With all due respect to Paul Krugman, his characterization of Social Security
payments as "entitlements" (Feb. 16) is totally erroneous.

First, let's be honest. The definition of an "entitlement" is: a type of
financial help (Medicaid/food stamps) provided by the government for members of
a particular group.

From my perspective, my Social Security checks are a return on my contributions
and those of my employer to the system over the past 40 years.

While I agree that the government can make changes to both contributions and
withdrawals for future payees, Krugman should acknowledge that my checks (and
checks to future recipients) are nothing more (or less) than an "annuity"
payment.

If there is a concern with the system going broke because contributions are not
enough to meet payments then changes will have to be made, but please, do not
call Social Security an entitlement.

IRA GROSS

Boca Raton

Rand Paul wrong to demean Clinton

As a progressive, I'm unable to contain my disdain for Rand Paul's attempt to
demean Hillary Clinton over Bill Clinton's behavior with Monica Lewinsky. He is
now the smallest person in Congress. As Joseph Welch said to Joseph McCarthy in
the 50s, "You have done enough. Have you no sense of decency, sir?"

I only hope the right will continue offending women, minorities, immigrants, the
unemployed and LGBT communities. The only question now is, who will Hillary
choose for vice president? I nominate Barney Frank, or be like Lincoln, a "team
of rivals," and make it Condoleezza Rice. First woman prez, first woman vice p.,
first black V.P., first Republican V.P. to serve with a Democratic prez. Let's
knock down some walls!

GRENVILLE DODGE

West Palm Beach

Sally Swartz at pbpost.com/go/opinionzone

If a group of special interests has its way, well, let's just say it's a good
thing that voters still get the last word on any plans for the future of
Stuart's downtown waterfront lands.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              373 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                               December 13, 1993

TAKING THE RAP;
Gangsta rap's violent, misogynistic lyrics face corporate cold feet and fury
from black leaders who say the music demeans their race

BYLINE: MARK TRAN

SECTION: THE GUARDIAN FEATURES PAGE; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1220 words


I'll drink champagne, she'll drink

Ripple

Scream when I put the safety pins

through her nipples

I know it sounds harsh, but the bitch

is gonna love it

Hurt me, hurt me, push it harder,

shove it . . .

THESE lyrics from No Head, the flip side of FU2's Boomin In Ya Jeep single, were
too obnoxious for some women employees at MCA, the American entertainment arm of
Japanese electronics giant Matsushita.  Outraged executives went to the head of
MCA Music Entertainment Group, Al Teller, and within hours, MCA yanked FU2's
single from retail shops.

The incident went virtually unnoticed at the time because of the furore over
Ice-T's Cop Killer song, issued by Sire Records, a Time Warner label. The song
led to police calls for a boycott of Time Warner products. Police organisations
complained that the song encouraged violence against police and descended on
Time Warner's annual shareholders' meeting in Beverly Hills.  Time Warner, the
world's largest media and entertainment group, with the great bulk of rap stars,
pulled the song at Ice-T's request and then released the rap singer from cable
television and book publishing deals.

The distinction between gangsta rap and real life violence became further
blurred last month when two of its biggest names, Snoop Doggy Dogg and Tupac
Shakur, one of the stars in John Singleton's film Poetic Justice, clashed with
the law. Snoop was recently indicted in Los Angeles for murder while Shakur and
two friends were charged in New York for forcibly sodomising and sexually
abusing a woman in a midtown hotel. That incident came three weeks after Shakur
was accused of shooting two off-duty police officers in Atlanta. In both cases,
all the accused have declared their innocence.

With gangsta rap increasingly getting a bad rap, big corporations have become
increasingly sensitive to the issue of violent lyrics. But as long as it was the
corporate world that was getting cold feet about gangsta rap, a mutation that
started in Los Angeles during the 1980s with crude and obscene lyrics on albums
by Ice-T and NWA (Niggaz With Attitude), it was easy for rap musicians to
portray the backlash against gangsta rap as a white-black stand-off. But the
situation has become more complicated.

This summer, Calvin Butts, one of New York's most prominent black church
leaders, led a busload of supporters to Sony Records in mid-town Manhattan where
they stomped on mangled tapes and CDs. "This is your garbage. Take it back,"
declared Reverend Butts, pastor of the Abyssinian Baptist Church in Harlem.

Earlier in the day Rev Butts stopped short of steamrolling the recordings
outside his church because of the risk of injury to counter-demonstrators. While
rap was an important form of artistic expression, said Butts, "you don't have to
degrade our women. You don't have to dehumanise our race. You don't have to use
vile and ugly language."

Other black leaders such as Jesse Jackson have also spoken out against rap. The
civil rights leader has made policing rap part of his campaign against
black-on-black violence. "We're going to take away the market value of these
attacks on our person," declared Jackson.

Writing in the New York Times in October, a black journalism professor, Paul
Delaney, said that some rap artists reminded him of the old Amos 'n' Andy Show,
a radio show where white actors portrayed blacks as buffoons, typified by one
character declaring, "I denies the allegation and I resents the alligator". A
generation later, argues Delaney, "the image of blacks as scheming, bumbling
buffoons is still prevalent in television, movies and most dangerously, the
crotch-holding rap artists.  The entertainment industry, looking at the bottom
line, encourages these clown images of African-Americans."

Radio stations are getting the message. Last week, the popular New York radio
station, WBLS-FM said it planned to stop playing songs with violent or
misogynistic lyrics. The decision was particularly significant because the
station was one of the pioneers in developing a musical format targeting a black
urban audience, where rap has its roots.

Moreover, the station's parent company, Inner City Broadcasting, was founded by
some of the city's most influential black leaders, including Percy Sutton,
founder of the legendary Apollo Theatre in Harlem, where stars like James Brown
have performed. Two radio stations in Los Angeles have also decided to act
against gangsta rap with KPWR-FM, the most popular station with teenagers in the
LA market, drawing the line against stock rap words like "nigga", "bitch" and
"ho" (whore).

Trying to undermine gangsta rap through market forces is a logical route for
black leaders to pursue. If they can sap demand or stir up enough of a public
backlash, then MCA and Time Warner are likely to back away from gangsta rap
musicians. But those in the music business doubt that the actions of radio
stations like WBLS-FM will have much impact.

As long as radio stations still play gangsta rap songs - even in sanitised
versions - they will encourage consumers to go out and buy the real versions
where expletives are not deleted. Gangsta rap albums also seem to sell through
word of mouth rather than through aggressive marketing.

Like blues, soul and jazz before it, gangsta rap has entered mainstream popular
culture. When NWA came out with Straight Outta Compton in 1989, the group
thought it was making a record about their inner-city experiences for the
homeboys down the street. But the crude, X-rated language and brutal imagery
also caught on with white suburban teenagers and it was that audience that
helped push sales past the two million mark.

This year, Dr Dre, a 28-year-old rapper and producer formerly with NWA, saw his
hard-core gangsta album, The Chronic, outsell mainstream products by Barbara
Streisand, Aerosmith and Sting.

As for rappers like Ice-T, their music has been their way to make the American
dream come true. "Man, everybody in the hood is trying to get the fuck out. I
mean, before I was a rapper, what in the hell do you think I was robbing for? To
stay broke?  I was always trying to get into a house like this." Ice-T lives in
a big house in Hollywood Hills.

It is impeccable logic from Ice-T, who also points out that many people get
blown away in a Clint Eastwood film without the same degree of fuss. He ascribes
the focus on gangsta rap as white fear of black people with guns.

But as more and more black leaders assert, it is African-Americans who have the
most to fear from blacks with guns, a menace now being described by civil rights
leaders as the "greatest threat to the black community since slavery". And these
leaders argue that there are some correlations between the constant, negative,
violent messages coming from rap and the violence that exists in the real world.

Besides, it is not only gangsta rap that is coming under scrutiny. With violence
and crime the top concerns among Americans, Attorney General Janet Reno recently
put Hollywood on notice to tone down the violence or face government action, and
President Clinton is now floating the idea of licensing guns. So it is
increasingly hard for gangsta rappers to argue that they are being unfairly
singled out.


LOAD-DATE: December 13, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              374 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 30, 1995, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Schools Can Handle Sex-Harassment Cases;
Free Speech Dilemma

SECTION: Section A;     Page 26;     Column 5;     Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 202 words


To the Editor:

Gwendolyn Gregory, deputy general counsel of the National School Boards
Association, rightly warns against sexual harassment policies that "interfere
with free speech" (front page, June 26). Several schools and universities have
had such policies overturned by First Amendment lawsuits.

In 1994 a Federal judge in Massachusetts issued an injunction barring
enforcement of a South Hadley high school harassment policy used to ban T-shirts
deemed to harass or demean women. The campus speech codes struck down by the
courts at the universities of Wisconsin and Michigan likewise contained
provisions banning sex-based harassment that were held unconstitutional.

On June 5 the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals overturned a discriminatory
harassment policy at Central Michigan University as unconstitutionally vague and
overbroad, even though the policy defined harassment similarly to Federal
harassment guidelines.

School administrators now face a dilemma. If they restrict speech, they may
violate the First Amendment; but if they leave speech unregulated, they may be
liable under the Civil Rights Act for the hostile environment that develops.

LARS BADER
New York, June 27, 1995

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              375 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                    January 20, 1997, Monday, FINAL EDITION

On thin ice: NHL expansion is a threat to the game

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 385 words


The parade of NHL wannabes prostrating themselves before the league's executive
committee offers a sorry picture of where the professional version of our
national sport is headed.

Houston. Columbus. Hampton Roads, Va. (Yes, there is a Hampton Roads, Virginia),
Oklahoma City, Nashville, Atlanta, St.Paul, Minn.

And, oh yes, good old Hamilton -- although the NHL world being the way it is,
there is a greater chance of Lubbock, Tex., being awarded a franchise before the
guardians of Lord Stanley's Cup would demean themselves by founding another team
in the game's homeland.

The spectre of the NHL retreating from Canada and entrenching itself in such
dubious hockey hotbeds as Nashville, Houston and Atlanta is appalling.

But what is even more troubling is the thought of what more expansion will do to
the quality of play that hockey fans across the country are being asked to
accept as "major league."

The curious argument offered up by league officials -- that continuing infusions
of cash via expansion or more lucrative TV contracts will allow teams to compete
for better players -- is bizarre to say the least. Have we missed something? Is
there some unmined vein of talent hidden deep in rural Estonia that scouts have
heretofore overlooked? We think not.

To discerning fans of the game, there are already too few star-quality players
to go around. In some NHL cities, fans are choosing to spend their hard-earned
entertainment dollars elsewhere rather than pay the top dollar required to
support the league's absurd salary levels (the combined annual wages of players
partaking in last weekend's all-star game was $ 108 million US) is the most
telling comment of all.

Worse, the proliferation of coaching styles spawned by the dearth of talent has
turned what was once a breath-taking, invigorating game into a dull, plodding
display that has closer esthetic ties to gardening than to the hockey Canadians
once knew and loved.

Yet while the health of the game declines, league officials continue to be
blinded by the tantalizing glow of millions of yet-to-be-realized TV dollars.

Unfortunately, all that glitters is not always gold.

From a fan's perspective, having more teams in more cities is a poor substitute
for stronger teams with better, more exciting players.


LOAD-DATE: January 21, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1997 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              376 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                              June 19, 2006 Monday

Santorum immigration stance now bilingual

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; Pg. B05

LENGTH: 576 words


"No amnistía."

So begins a new Spanish-language passage on Rick Santorum's campaign Web site
explaining his opposition to a Senate immigration bill that some Republicans
claim includes granting amnesty to those in this country illegally.

"Dando la amnistía... ridiculiza y degrada los sacrificios de inmigrantes
legales."

("Giving amnesty... mocks and demeans the sacrifices of legal immigrants.")

Until recently, English-language visitors to the Santorum site could read a
tough summary of the Republican senator's position on a measure he complained
would make it possible for two-thirds of illegal immigrants to gain legal status
- some by going home to get a valid work visa, some by paying a fine and partial
back taxes.

But Spanish readers initially found no such language - no mention of amnesty, no
mention of "felons" and "serial lawbreakers," as in the English discourse.

The Santorum camp said that was only because the Spanish version had not been
updated, and that a word-for-word translation was soon coming. Now that's
happened.

Virginia Davis, Santorum's spokeswoman, pointed out that the senator's opponent,
Democratic nominee Bob Casey Jr., doesn't have a Spanish version of his Web
site.

Asked why not, Casey spokesman Larry Smar replied: "We don't have one... . I
don't know what else to say about it."

- Tom Infield

Perzel as armchair quarterback

House Speaker John M. Perzel, the legislature's top fund-raiser, has some advice
for GOP gubernatorial nominee Lynn Swann, who is trailing badly in the money
race:

Capitalize on your gridiron greatness and start with the field generals.

"I would actually go to Joe Montana first and say, 'Joe, can you do $200,000 for
me in San Francisco?' I'd do a Troy Aikman. I'd do a Donovan McNabb. I would do
all the quarterbacks first, then work their way down to halfbacks, fullbacks,"
Perzel (R., Phila.) said during a speech to business leaders earlier this month.
"I'd be down to 'Mean' Joe Greene and ask him to help with Coca-Cola.

"To win for governor now," said Perzel, who has future gubernatorial aspirations
of his own, "you've got to get money from outside the state."

As for Perzel, he says he's practicing what he's preaching.

The House Republican Campaign Committee - the PAD that helps fund GOP races for
the lower chamber - needs $6 million for the fall runoffs, Perzel said. To help
get it, the speaker has scheduled summer fund-raisers in Chicago, St. Louis,
Dallas, Los Angeles, and West Palm Beach, Fla.

- Mario F. Cattabiani

Six flacks in 31/2 years

Lt. Gov. Catherine Baker Knoll is looking for a new press secretary, again.

Knoll, whose tenure has been plagued by missteps and malapropisms, has gone
through six press secretaries in 31/2 years.

Johnna A. Pro, 42, a former reporter for the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, lasted
eight months.

Though Pro, whose last day was Friday, would say only that she left to "explore
other professional opportunities," one of her predecessors had more to say about
the job and the staff turnover.

Joe Benish, press secretary No. 4, said Pro's departure was "clear indication
that the problem is not with the press secretaries."

Benish, now vice president of Capital Communications in Harrisburg, said "damage
control was the most difficult part" of the job.

And Benish knows about damage control. In 1979, he was hired to handle crisis
management for General Public Utilities, a company that was facing a
near-meltdown, literally. It owned Three Mile Island.

Amy Worden

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              377 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, CA)

                              July 21, 2002 Sunday

New team, new setup, same NFL parity

SECTION: NEWS & COLUMNS

LENGTH: 827 words


ASSOCIATED PRESS

Fewer than six months after Adam Vinatieri's field goal gave New England its
first Super Bowl victory, the NFL is back. Most training camps open this week in
a new 32-team, eight-division league marked by the return of a franchise in
Houston.

But things are likely to be the same on the field, where 10 seasons of the
salary cap has ensured that any team truly has a chance to win the title. The
Patriots proved that last season but enter this one as no better than the third
choice in their own division.

That's not to demean a team that turned team chemistry into an art form as Bill
Belichick mixed backup quarterback Tom Brady with a group of journeymen he had
coached at previous stops and turned them into champions.

It's just that no one has repeated in five seasons, and no one but St. Louis
stays good for very long.

The Baltimore Ravens, who preceded the Patriots as champions, are Exhibit A.
They have just 16 players left from the team that beat the New York Giants 34-7
for the 2000 championship and will have to get lucky to get to .500 this year.

"We knew that we would be facing some serious cap issues in 2002, but the
opportunity to win two Super Bowls in a row was overwhelming to us," said
personnel director Ozzie Newsome, who spent heavily last year in an attempt to
repeat. "What we're facing today is not something that's unexpected."

One statistic defines what's happening in today's NFL: The past three champions
were a combined 17-31 the year before they won the Super Bowl.

The Rams were 4-12 in 1998; the Ravens were 8-8 in 1999; and the Patriots were
5-11 in 2000.

Camps open with more stringent medical measures in place because of the death
last summer of Minnesota offensive tackle Korey Stringer, who died after a
workout.

This year, medical monitoring has been stepped up, some dietary supplements have
been banned, and the agreement with the players union has been updated to allow
team physicians to go beyond the standard in administering physicals.

Meanwhile, every team thinks it can be the next New England.

Even the Houston Texans can dream after an expansion draft netted them a crop of
current and past all-Pros, such as offensive tackle Tony Boselli, still just 30.
He was let go by Jacksonville because of a series of recent injuries and his
salary cap numbers are huge.

You have to remember that our guys have never played together, said coach Dom
Capers, who coached Carolina to a 7-9 record in 1995, their first season in the
league. Other teams have a lot more cohesion.>

Actually, the turnover is extreme in some places, such as Buffalo, Minnesota,
Tampa Bay and Indianapolis. They may have as much trouble learning each others'
names as the Texans.

Another team to watch is Washington, where Steve Spurrier becomes the fourth
coach in the three seasons that Dan Snyder has owned the team.

Spurrier is one of six new coaches, most of them "old" ones.

Tony Dungy was fired by Tampa Bay and signed on in Indianapolis; Jon Gruden left
Oakland to replace Dungy, and Snyder fired Marty Schottenheimer after a season.
Schottenheimer ended up in San Diego.

Bill Callahan replaced Gruden in Oakland, and Mike Tice replaced Dennis Green in
Minnesota, both moving up from assistants' jobs. John Fox, the Giants' former
defensive coordinator, replaced George Seifert in Carolina.

The other X factor is the new alignment -- 32 teams, eight divisions with
Seattle switching from the AFC to the NFC, and will play in the West with St.
Louis, San Francisco and Arizona, in a league that is more geographically
correct.

That means each team will play only six of its 16 games within its division.
There will be six playoff teams from each conference -- the four champions and
two wild cards, leaving open the possibility that teams will miss the playoffs
with better records that a champion in a weak division.

Just look at last year.

If there had been an AFC South, Tennessee would have won it with a 7-9 record
and made the playoffs. The odd team out would have been Baltimore, which was the
final wild-card team at 10-6.

This year, the AFC East seems loaded, with the Patriots and two other playoff
teams, the Jets and Dolphins. New York and Miami are improved on paper, but it's
hard to see three playoff teams from one division.

"I think we all realize that can happen," Snyder said last month. "But I don't
think we'll address it until it happens."

Indeed, the issue came up a year ago, when the league realigned. Commissioner
Paul Tagliabue essentially echoed Snyder -- that the NFL will address the
situation if it happens.

The obvious solution would be to add more wild-card teams.

Given how quickly teams go from bad to good and vice versa, they could go beyond
that by letting everyone in.

In the absence of that, how about these two teams meeting in the Super Bowl in
San Diego: Cleveland [7-9 last season] vs. Minnesota [5-11]?

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2002 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers


                              378 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                           February 13, 2014 Thursday

Gay-marriage backers score Kentucky win

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 485 words


LOUISVILLE, Ky. - A federal judge ruled on Wednesday that Kentucky must
recognize same-sex marriages performed in other states, part of an unprecedented
barrage of marriage-equality lawsuits in states where voters have overwhelmingly
opposed recognition of gay and lesbian couples.

U.S. District Judge John G. Heyburn II struck down part of the gay-marriage ban
that Kentuckians had approved in 2004, saying it treated gays and lesbians "in a
way that demeans them."

"Assigning a religious or traditional rationale for a law does not make it
constitutional when that law discriminates against a class of people without
other reasons," wrote Heyburn, an appointee of Republican President George H.W.
Bush.

His decision coincided with legal attacks on Wednesday on gay-marriage bans in
three other socially conservative states - Texas, Louisiana and Missouri - and
was issued just a few weeks after federal judges in Utah and Oklahoma struck
down the voter-approved bans in those states.

According to the advocacy group Freedom to Marry, there are now 45 pending
marriage-equality cases in 24 of the 33 states that do not allow same-sex
marriage. Seventeen states and the District of Columbia have legalized such
unions, while three other states - Colorado, Nevada and Oregon - grant
marriage-like rights though civil unions or domestic partnerships.

The stage for the current wave of litigation was set by the U.S. Supreme Court
last June, when it ordered the federal government to recognize valid same-sex
marriages, but stopped short of striking down state laws banning them.

Gay-rights activists hope that one or more of the lawsuits filed since June or
planned for the near future will reach the high court and lead to nationwide
legalization.

"One of the 40-plus ongoing cases, or even some other one, could conceivably
reach the Supreme Court as soon as 2015, or within a few years later, so the
clock is ticking," said Freedom to Marry president Evan Wolfson.

"The aim is not just to get to the Supreme Court but to win when we get there,"
Wolfson said.

The Kentucky decision came in lawsuits brought by four gay and lesbian couples
seeking to force the state to recognize their out-of-state marriages.

The ruling requires Kentucky only to recognize such marriages. It does not deal
with the question of whether the state can be required to issue marriage
licences to same-sex couples; that issue wasn't brought up in the lawsuits.

The ruling drew the ire of religious leaders who said Heyburn's decision takes
away Kentucky's right to determine its policies regarding marriage.

Paul Chitwood of the Kentucky Baptist Convention, the state's largest religious
organization with 750,000 members, called the ruling "tragic and disappointing."

"This decision moves us down the slippery slope toward launching Kentucky into
moral chaos and depriving children of their innate need of both a father and a
mother," Chitwood said.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Daily Gleaner
                              All Rights Reserved


                              379 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    April 10, 1997, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Bailout gives CFL chance to tap into NFL savvy

BYLINE: Gordon Forbes

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 16C; Pro Football

LENGTH: 754 words


The struggling Canadian Football League finally found its angel,
but not without a price.

NFL Commissioner Paul Tagliabue crossed the border Wednesday with
a $ 3 million handout that saved the 50-year-old CFL from another
hardship season, perhaps its last. Both sides referred to the
bailout as an alliance based on the NFL's skills in marketing
and television.

Says CFL chairman John Tory, "This will allow us to continue
to build a strong infrastructure, which will permit the CFL to
grow and prosper for many years."


The alliance opens the way for increased player movement and a
unique feeder system: World League-to-CFL-to-NFL. The NFL isn't
about to demean its new partner by suggesting the eight CFL clubs
could become farm teams.

"They were very careful not to use that term," says Gil Scott,
a Toronto-based player agent. "So it's not going to change right
now. But if you've got more power, who knows what will happen
down the road?"

The NFL will use its giant marketing machine and its grass-roots
programs to rekindle interest in the CFL. Tagliabue has proposed
an annual summertime World Classic Bowl between the CFL's Grey
Cup winner and the previous year's World League champion.

Don Matthews, coach of Toronto's Grey Cup champs, insists the
new NFL-CFL alliance won't affect the CFL's unique game, with
its three downs, one-point rouges and 110-by-65-yard fields.

"It's a win-win situation," says Matthews. "The NFL gets to
pursue its global football dream. And this gives us a very high
profile, especially in the corporate market. Some franchises up
here have been struggling."

In recent years, the CFL had gotten carried away. It began a far-flung
expansion dream by putting a team in Sacramento. A year later,
in 1994, the CFL expanded into Baltimore, Memphis, Las Vegas,
Birmingham, Ala., and Shreveport, La. All of those teams eventually
folded.

The Ottawa Rough Riders, named after the lumberjacks who rode
logs down the swirling Ottawa River, went under this year. That
ended a colorful history dating back to 1867, the club's rugby
years.

Montreal was saved this year when Robert Wettenhall, a New York
investment banker, took over the franchise. The B.C. Lions, who
entered the CFL in 1954, were rescued by another new owner, David
Braley.

But Tagliabue, a commissioner determined to make pro football
a global game, was the man who conducted the real mercy mission.

"We want to see football succeed wherever it is played," he
says.

Well, maybe not in the 12 major markets where a new spring league
is expected to be launched in 1998.

Founders of the All-American Football League had expected to stock
teams with World League and CFL players. Tagliabue threw them
a nifty curve with the new alliance. A deadly curve if the CFL
and NFL ever start exchanging players.

The $ 3 million check that the CFL received is modest, equal to
the bonus a top-10 NFL draft pick could get. But if the alliance
works, there will be more dollars pumped into the CFL and a stronger
CFL-NFL bond.

Had the CFL folded, its cities could have emerged as potential
sites for NFL teams playing the stadium game. The alliance, however,
eliminates any NFL teams from moving into Toronto and Montreal.

"The CFL was as close as it's ever been to folding last November,"
Scott says. "The TV deal was not very good at all. Now both leagues
are a lot closer."

So close that the CFL eventually will have four downs, a 100-yard
field and a 10-yard end zone. And in the next millennium, several
CFL cities will become NFL expansion cities. The others will join
an expanded World League that will develop and feed players to
the NFL.

It is all part of Paul Tagliabue's legacy, eh?



Terms of deal: What leagues give, get back

Key elements of Wednesday's $ 3 million agreement between the NFL
and CFL:

-- The deal covers five years, although it can be reviewed annually.

-- The NFL gives the financially strapped CFL $ 3 million. The
CFL's Ottawa Rough Riders folded last season on the heels of the
league's failed U.S. expansion.

-- The NFL gains the right to use the CFL to develop players.

-- The NFL will consider playing regular-season games in Toronto
and Vancouver. The NFL has staged exhibition games in Canada but
has never played a regular-season game there.

-- An annual game will be played between the champion of the
NFL-sponsored World League and the CFL's Grey Cup winner.


LOAD-DATE: April 10, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              380 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                            October 21, 2016, Friday

DEAR ABBY;
Family demeans teacher's career choice

BYLINE: Jeanne Phillips

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. P2C

LENGTH: 529 words


Dear Abby: I grew up the third of four children. Both my older brothers chose to
go into engineering (the field my father is in). I rocked the boat and opted to
go into education. All during college and after, my parents continued to tell me
I had chosen the wrong career and would never have any money.

Ten years later, I'm still getting constant comments about my career choice and
financial status. They make little jabs like, "... but we know you can't afford
it, and, "Is this too expensive for you? which echo at family gatherings to the
point that neither my husband nor I want to be there.

We both work hard and, while we might struggle, we never ask for financial
assistance. How can I get my family to stop these comments? They're hurtful. -
Educator in the Midwest

Dear Educator: You are being picked on not only because of your career choice
and its salary level, but also the fact that you didn't fall into line as your
siblings did and do what your parents wanted.

Much as we might wish to, we cannot dictate the behavior of others. If you have
told your family their comments bother you and they persist, you will have to
focus on the importance of the field you chose and the contribution to society
you are making. And attend those family gatherings less often.

Dear Abby: "Lonely Widow in Ft. Myers, Florida (May 16) asked why friends ignore
a woman when she becomes a widow. I experienced the same thing when I was
widowed at 50.

There are several reasons why friends drop you when your spouse dies. One is
fear of their own mortality. Another is perhaps the husband (or wife) was the
social one. Or the women are afraid you are going to steal their husband.

I was hurt at first, but then I realized they were not true friends. I now have
new friends who are widowed, divorced or married, and I'm enjoying every minute
we share. - Joy in Nevada

Dear Joy: I am glad for you. Many readers wrote to share their experiences and
their thoughts on that letter. Some suggested that friends may not invite the
woman because they don't want her to feel like a "third wheel, but advised
"Lonely to speak up and tell them that, indeed, she WOULD like to be included.
Others thought people assume a widow is emotionally needy, so they don't want to
be involved with her.

Some readers also wondered how often "Lonely" and her husband had invited single
women to join them for a meal, weekend outing or evening event while he was
still alive. The answer to that question could provide insight.

A majority of those who wrote agreed with me that it's important that "Lonely"
cultivate new interests, and along with them, new friends. One reader's church
formed a group for widows that includes monthly lunch outings at different
restaurants. Another suggested that "Lonely's senior center friends should start
inviting each other out for various entertainment options. She should also be
encouraged to meet people in different locations, or even consider moving for a
fresh start.

Dear Abby is written by Abigail Van Buren, also known as Jeanne Phillips, and
was founded by her mother, Pauline Phillips. Contact Dear Abby at
www.DearAbby.com or P.O. Box 69440, Los Angeles, CA 90069.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Charleston Newspapers


                              381 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           February 24, 2009 Tuesday

Eight buck bias

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: LETTERS

LENGTH: 689 words


I strongly suspect that those of you who demean the paltry and insufficient $8
tax reduction would find that sum to be outrageous and enormous if it were a tax
increase instead.

Susan Ofstehage, South St. PaulLet up on negativity

When I read the newspaper or watch TV these days I have to ask if the media can
see how destructive their constant negativity is. Do you really have to tell us
every five minutes how bad things are? I've got news for you, there isn't an
American alive who doesn't already know. Between the media and the suddenly
fiscally responsible Republicans, President Obama doesn't have a chance against
this dangerous game you are all playing. Consumer confidence is at an all-time
low and if the negativity doesn't stop, you will be responsible for what comes
next ... a depression. So media, and naysayer Republicans, please think about
this before you speak or write about it again ... no "REAL" caring American
wants to see President. Obama, or the stimulus plan, fail.

Pat Kotnour, HastingsMake room formedical marijuana

In 1988, the Drug Enforcement Administration's chief administrative law judge,
after lengthy litigation and hearings, emphatically concluded that herbal
cannabis is safe and that doctors should be able to prescribe it for patients.

The DEA rejected its own judge's ruling and has blocked all attempted federal
reform ever since. So reforms have proceeded state-by-state. Voters passed
medical marijuana ballot measures 12 out of 13 times, even outpolling Clinton in
California, Bush in Montana and Obama in Michigan. Four legislatures have also
acted favorably.

Minnesota's existing law is harsh. Anyone arrested for using cannabis
medicinally cannot even defend himself in court with a doctor's testimony of
therapeutic need. Minnesota's county attorneys, parroting the DEA line, have
strenuously opposed legislative reforms. Yet many claim, privately, that they
wouldn't prosecute patients acting without criminal intent, who use cannabis
only to protect their own well-being.

This year's tightly restrictive medical cannabis bill gives our lawmakers the
chance to provide what is lacking -- a statutory justification for officers'
discretion in declining to arrest in cases of medical necessity. It deserves to
pass.

Oliver Steinberg, St. PaulA respectable recount

I disagree with your Sunday editorial and Michael Paulsen's column about the
Senate recount allegedly being unconstitutional. If so, then all the other
recent recounts in Minnesota are also unconstitutional. Paulsen's is one
lawyer's opinion. A bipartisan, mostly Republican, canvassing board oversaw a
respectable recount.

The only thing that could be construed as not following the Equal Protection
Clause, I believe, is the 933 rejected absentee ballots, separated from the
1,350 or so by the Minnesota Supreme Court ruling, allowing each party to reject
some ballots. This can be corrected by counting all of those 417 extra ballots.
I fail to see how this could change the Franken lead. These 1,350 ballots were
selected by bipartisan local election officials, who re-examined all of the
12,000 total rejected absentee ballots. Each county counted these ballots
uniformly per its knowledge of election law.

There is no runoff provided in Minnesota law and the final decision on who
becomes senator is by the U.S. Senate.

Gary Thompson, St. PaulIt's a tie

Thank you for printing the column from Michael Stokes Paulsen. It was right on
the money concerning this Senate recount fiasco. I noted myself that it appeared
to be a statistical tie back in November and should be redone as a runoff like
some other states do when an election is so close. Having a runoff election
would be the only sure way of determining the will of the people of Minnesota.
That would eliminate the third-party factor, too. This runoff idea should be
more widely promoted so that we can stop this recount madness. It keeps getting
muddier and muddier the longer it goes on. The recount is so scrambled now that
I don't think the truth will ever be sorted out. Since it's so close anyway, it
should be declared a tie and redone.

Paul Merrill, Little Canada

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              382 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           January 24, 2008 Thursday

FUNNY AND FUNNIER

BYLINE: ADAM C. SMITH, Times Political Editor

SECTION: FLORIDIAN; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 845 words

DATELINE: FORT WALTON BEACH



HIGHLIGHT: So, a guy walks into a voting booth . . . Well, it might not be
improv quality, but humor is helping Mike Huckabee and John McCain.


The startled crowd in this Panhandle community roared as John McCain casually
introduced a lawyer friend there. - "By the way," the Arizona senator said
Tuesday, "do you know the difference between a lawyer and a catfish? One is a
scum-sucking bottom dweller. The other is a fish."

- Ba-da-bing. - At South Carolina's Clemson University last week, Mike Huckabee
introduced Chuck Norris and professional wrestling icon "Nature Boy" Ric Flair
as his future secretary of defense and chief of homeland security. - "Or as they
will be known in Washington," Huckabee said, "Smith & Wesson." - Then, he
deadpanned: "If you don't vote for me, they take you out." - You may have heard
the pundits speculate about a gender gap in this presidential election. What's
really striking is the humor gap. - If yukswere votes in this wide open
Republican primary, Huckabee and McCain would be leaving their rivals in the
dust. Not that Rudy, Mitt and company are humorless, but a McCain or Huckabee
campaign appearance tends to be like a Night at the Improv. - "He's not the
happiest boy today," Huckabee said in Michigan recently as a wailing baby
disrupted a photo op. "I think he must be a Romney voter. Look at him. He's so
sad." - In Pensacola Tuesday, McCain recounted for about the 10,000th time how
somebody recently chastised him for complaining about Congress spending money
like drunken sailors. "As a former drunken sailor," the guy said, "I resent
being compared to the members of Congress."

McCain and Huckabee share a similar, mischievous style of wisecracking that
makes them sought-after regulars on Comedy Central's fake news shows.

"The only reason I'm the front-runner now is because of the Colbert bump,"
Huckabee earnestly told the host of The Colbert Reportafter winning the Iowa
caucuses. "If it were not for that I would not be sitting in this chair, I would
be probably somewhere serving hamburgers at a drive-in restaurant."

Huckabee and McCain have a knack for using humor to disarm reporters, or at
least evade pesky questions.

"Jesus was too smart to ever run for public office," Huckabee retorted at the
CNN/YouTube debate, when Anderson Cooper pressed him about how Jesus would view
the death penalty.

Jokes don't win elections, of course. But in an election cycle where voters
crave authenticity, humor sure helps.

"Being funny fits under a bigger umbrella, which is the power of performance.
We've had more exposure to the presidential candidates in the primary process
than any other time in history, and the candidates have had ample opportunity to
show not only what's on their cue cards but what's inside of them," said Adam
Goodman, a Tampa-based Republican media consultant.

"The verdict in Florida," Goodman said, "can come down to who has the best
moments of performance in the last few days, and we'll have a big test of that
in Thursday's debate."

The Republicans are scheduled to debate at 9 tonight at Florida Atlantic
University in Boca Raton. MSNBC and PBS stations are televising it.

Huckabee's relaxed and funny debate performances helped him launch into the top
tier with no money or campaign organization. Likewise, McCain resurrected his
near-dead campaign with one town meeting after another, showing off with
spontaneous and often strikingly blunt style.

"Thanks for the question, you little jerk," McCain, 71, responded to a young man
in New Hampshire who asked if the Arizona senator was too old to be president.
"You're drafted."

Then there was the assistant professor at Clemson who asked McCain if someone
should be considered a terrorist for researching the events of 9/11.

"From the sneakers," McCain responded, "you're not a snappy dresser. . . . That
doesn't mean you're a terrorist. You terrorize the senses."

Huckabee was a regular on Don Imus' radio show and visited Jay Leno well before
he became a presidential candidate. He's a rock 'n' roll-loving former Baptist
preacher whose humor can seem anything but holy roller.

"You don't like people from outside the state coming in and telling you what to
do with your flag," Huckabee said last when pressed about South Carolina's
displaying the Confederate flag at the state Capitol. "In fact, if somebody came
to Arkansas and told us what to do with our flag, we'd tell them what to do with
the pole, that's what we'd do."

At his first campaign appearance in Florida this week, the affable ex-governor
showed up late for a campaign appearance and chalked it up to a memorial for
Martin Luther King Jr.

"It was supposed to be a two-hour service - it lasted 33/4 hours. I would say
former president Clinton spoke and that's why it lasted so long, but I really
can't blame him," he said.

Then he warmed up with a crack about the weather: "It's kind of nice to not have
to worry about snowshoes."

Better ramp it up, governor. You'll have to do much better than that if you want
to win Florida.

Times staff writers Jennifer Liberto and David DeCamp contributed to this
report, which included information from the Associated Press. Adam C. Smith can
be reached at asmith@sptimes.com or (727) 893-8241.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The former Arkansas governor likes to discuss his plan to
appoint Chuck Norris and Ric Flair, or "Smith & Wesson," to his Cabinet. PHOTO:
Sen. John McCain of Arizona enjoys pointing out that it's not right to demean
drunken sailors by comparing them to Congress. PHOTO, MELISSA LYTTLE, TIMES:
Mike Huckabee, center, gets ready to exchange a high-five with T.J. Roland, lead
singer of the South Carolina band Lucas War Hero, after the former governor and
bass player joined the group for a set during a stop in the state. PHOTO, Getty
Images: Republican presidential candidate John McCain enjoys a laugh with
members of the Meet the Press crew before appearing on the television show
earlier this month in New Hampshire. The Arizona senator has used humor and
spontaneity to help revive his campaign.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              383 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                           February 27, 2014 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Texas can't ban gay marriage, judge says

BYLINE: Chuck Lindell American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1163 words


The Texas ban on same-sex marriage is unconstitutional because it relegates gay
couples to "second-tier status" and demeans their dignity for no legitimate
reason, a federal judge in San Antonio ruled Wednesday.

In a sweeping ruling, U.S. District Judge Orlando Garcia said Texas couldn't
legally justify a state law and constitutional amendment that deny same-sex
couples "the benefits, dignity and value of celebrating marriage and having
their out-of-state marriage recognized."

"Equal treatment of all individuals under the law is not merely an aspiration -
it is a constitutional mandate," Garcia wrote. "Without a rational relation to a
legitimate governmental purpose, state-imposed inequality can find no refuge in
our United States Constitution."

There was no rush to the altar in Texas, however. Garcia stayed his ruling,
delaying its implementation while Texas officials appeal to the 5th U.S. Circuit
Court of Appeals, which oversees courts in Texas, Louisiana and Mississippi.

Garcia, appointed by President Bill Clinton in 1994, became the sixth federal
judge to invalidate all or part of a state's same-sex marriage ban in recent
weeks - joining similar rulings in Utah, Oklahoma, Virginia, Kentucky and Ohio -
as ripples continue to spread from last summer's U.S. Supreme Court ruling that
struck down the federal Defense of Marriage Act.

Republicans blasted Garcia's ruling for defying the will of the majority of
Texans. The state ban on same-sex marriage was passed into law in 2003 and added
to the Texas Constitution by 76 percent of voters in 2005.

"The 10th Amendment guarantees Texas voters the freedom to make these decisions,
and this is yet another attempt to achieve via the courts what couldn't be
achieved at the ballot box," Gov. Rick Perry said. "We will continue to fight
for the rights of Texans to self-determine the laws of our state."

Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott, who is running for governor, said the issue
ultimately will be decided by a higher court.

"The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled over and over again that states have the
authority to define and regulate marriage," Abbott said. "The Texas Constitution
defines marriage as between one man and one woman. If the 5th Circuit honors
those precedents, then today's decision should be overturned and the Texas
Constitution will be upheld."

Same-sex couples and their advocates rejoiced.

"We look forward to the day when, surrounded by friends and family, we can renew
our vows in our home state of Texas," said Nicole Dimetman and Cleopatra De Leon
of Austin, one of two same-sex couples who filed the lawsuit challenging the
Texas ban.

Dimetman and De Leon were married in Massachusetts - one of 17 states that allow
same-sex marriage - and have a 2-year-old son.

"We are thrilled with the ruling and remain hopeful that this matter will
continue to move quickly through the courts. Ultimately, the repeal of Texas'
ban will mean that our son will never know how this denial of equal protections
demeaned our family and belittled his parents' relationship," they said in a
statement.

Lawyers for Texas had argued that each state has the right to define marriage as
best fits its traditions and that traditional marriage best supports the state's
interest in promoting responsible procreation and child-rearing.

Garcia rejected those arguments, saying same-sex couples are "just as capable as
other couples of raising well-adjusted children."

"This court finds that far from encouraging a stable environment for
childrearing, (the Texas ban) denies children of same-sex parents the protection
and stability they would enjoy if their parents could marry," he wrote in the
48-page opinion.

The state's "proffered rationale presumes that same-sex couples cannot be good
parents - this is the type of unconstitutional and unfounded presumption that
the Supreme Court held â  cannot stand,'" Garcia wrote. "The court finds
same-sex couples can be just as responsible for a child's welfare as the
countless heterosexual couples across the nation."

The judge also rejected the state argument that same-sex marriage is a recent
innovation, not a fundamental right that must be protected by the courts.

Garcia equated his ruling with Loving v. Virginia, the landmark 1967 U.S.
Supreme Court decision that tossed out state laws banning interracial marriage.
Instead of creating a new right to interracial marriage, the Loving decision
declared that people cannot be restricted from exercising the right to marry
their chosen partner, the judge said.

"These Texas laws deny (same-sex couples) access to the institution of marriage
and its numerous rights, privileges and responsibilities for the sole reason
that plaintiffs wish to be married to a person of the same sex," Garcia wrote.

Garcia's opinion relied heavily on last summer's U.S. Supreme Court's U.S. v.
Windsor ruling that overturned the Defense of Marriage Act, enacted in 1996 to
limit marriage, under federal law, to the union of one man and one woman.

Writing for the 5-4 majority, Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy said the
law, known as DOMA, violated the core constitutional principle that people are
entitled to equal protection under the law. DOMA's main purpose was to demean
and stigmatize homosexuals, relegating them to second-class status and
humiliating the children they are raising, Kennedy wrote.

Two additional lawsuits challenging the Texas ban on same-sex marriage are in
the early stages of litigation in Austin federal court. One of the lawsuits - a
class-action challenge filed by two gay couples from Austin on behalf of all
same-sex couples in Texas - will continue unless U.S. District Judge Sam Sparks
halts proceedings, said Austin lawyer Jody Scheske, who is representing the two
couples.

In addition, the Texas Supreme Court is considering whether same-sex couples,
legally married out of state, can get divorced in Texas. Lawyers for the couples
argue that denying them the right to divorce violates the U.S. Constitution's
equal-protection guarantee.

Contact Chuck Lindell

at 512-912-2569.

Twitter: @chucklindell

The ruling from U.S. District Judge Orlando Garcia
  "Without a rational relation to a legitimate governmental purpose,
  state-imposed inequality can find no refuge in our United States
Constitution."
  More highlights from the ruling, A6


WHAT'S NEXT
  The ruling overturning the Texas ban on same-sex marriage won't be enforced
while the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals reviews a state appeal of the
decision. Because similar rulings are on appeal in two other circuit courts,
and lawsuits are pending in more than 20 other states, the ultimate decision on
 same-sex marriage is expected to be made by the U.S. Supreme Court.


WHAT PEOPLE ARE SAYING

  "It is not the role of the federal government
  to overturn the will of our citizens."
  - Gov. Rick Perry

  "Today, all Texans
  can celebrate that
  we are one step closer to justice and equality
  for all."
  - Gilberto Hinojosa,
  Texas Democratic Party chairman


LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              384 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 12, 1999, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

N.F.L. PREVIEW;
Taken for Granted, Except by Their Teams

BYLINE: By THOMAS GEORGE

SECTION: Section 8; Page 14; Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 434 words


They often go unnoticed because they perform dirty work, clean up the mess of
others. For most, the ball is not in their hands -- they have to toil for it.
Some start, others do not, but their teammates and coaches know their value.

Guys like Al Del Greco, 37 and still kicking. How about Michael Sinclair -- did
you know in the last three seasons he has gained more sacks (41.5) than any
other National Football League player? How about Trace Armstrong, rushing the
passer on the field and running tirelessly for his peers off it, helping them
gain the best collective bargaining deals with management.

How many thought Mike Tomczak was finished a few years ago when his then Bears
coach, Mike Ditka, used to grab him and demean him and embarrass him in public
view? He survived that, grew, remained dignified and found a home in Pittsburgh,
where he will most likely be needed once again in 1999.

Players like Lomas Brown. A big man, a stately one. Soft-spoken but sincere.
Digging on every play. A guy from the gritty Overtown section of Miami who daily
remembers his roots. A survivor of 14 seasons who is ready for another.

"Hey, I just want to play one more season," Brown said. "One more. O.K., maybe
one more after that. And then that would be it. I've had a ball. I've had the
chance to enjoy something I love. And if I didn't get all the attention in the
world while I was doing it, that was fine with me."

These unappreciated players always seem to give one more season. One more play.

Robert Bailey CB, Detroit Lions, 5-9, 174, 9th season. Nickel back and
productive special teams player.

Lomas Brown OT, Cleveland Browns, 6-4, 290, 15th season. Remains athletic and
mobile; a quiet leader.

Mike Tomczak QB, Pittsburgh Steelers, 6-1, 210, 15th season. Survived early
career disasters; always there when needed.

Lee Woodall LB, San Francisco 49ers, 6-1, 224, 6th season. Once a project, now a
fixture.

Leroy Hoard RB, Minnesota Vikings, 5-11, 224, 10th season. A dazzling backup who
could start for several teams.

Chris Hayes S, Jets, 6-0, 206, 3d season. Nonstop motor and desire.

Al Del Greco K, Tennessee Titans, 5-10, 202, 16th season. Kickers come and go;
he endures. Led the league last season in field goals with 36.

William Thomas LB, Philadelphia Eagles, 6-2, 223, 9th season. A very good player
on a very bad team.

Trace Armstrong DE, Miami Dolphins, 6-4, 270, 11th season. A leader in and out
of the locker room.

Michael Sinclair DE, Seattle Seahawks, 6-4, 267, 8th season. Forced six fumbles
last season.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Michael Sinclair

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              385 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 3, 1984, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

WRONG WAY TO PROD MOSCOW ON RIGHTS

SECTION: Section A; Page 14, Column 6; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 255 words


To the Editor:


Your June 16 report that the New York City Council's Parks and Recreation
Committee had voted unanimously to name the southwest corner of 67th Street and
Third Avenue Sakharov-Bonner Corner was startling.

Naming a corner of an intersection close to a U.N. mission (the Soviet mission
is down the block on 67th) with the sole intent of inflaming passions is a
dangerous precedent. Streets, avenues, squares,

et al.

, should not be named out of pique, frustration or hatred. We demean ourselves
and our Government by such action. It was heartening to learn from the same
article that the District of Columbia had thwarted a similar attempt there by
deeming it illegal.

If such a bill is passed in the full Council, I suggest that there be additional
naming of corners in Manhattan: Solidarity Corner could be just a few steps from
the Polish mission. The Philippine mission corner would be dubbed Aquino Corner.
Close to the Turkish mission there could be an Armenian Massacre Corner. The
list could go on and on.

There are valid ways of protesting a country's human rights policy, but the
State Department is the correct channel for such action. Diplomacy does not
consist of baiting the country you are dealing with. The Russians could
certainly name a corner near the U.S. Embassy in Moscow after any one of a
number of cases of gross injustice that have occurred in this country.

To honor the Sakharovs is one thing. To use them is another.

JAMES H. BURKE New York, June 27, 1984

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: letter

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              386 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            March 19, 2016 Saturday
                                 First Edition

The strange parallel universe of Donald J. Trump

BYLINE: Bruce Wolpe

SECTION: NEWS REVIEW; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 814 words


Within days of the launch of Donald J. Trump's presidential campaign last June,
he entered a parallel universe of his unique creation - a universe with its own
gravity and physics, where the normal laws of political thermodynamics do not
apply.

It was funny at first, but it became deadly serious very quickly. Trump could
viciously criticise Senator John McCain, a Vietnam war hero who had been
mercilessly tortured in Hanoi, and emerge unscathed by the anger of Republicans
and patriots.

He could slur Muslims, demean Hispanics as rapists and drug runners, threaten
millions of immigrants with deportation, denigrate women in appearance and
physiology, belittle his opponents with cruel characterisations ("Lying Ted
Cruz", "Little Marco"), attack Dr Ben Carson as having a serious mental illness,
and establish a new nadir of vulgarity and incivility in what was billed as a
Republican presidential debate.

That night set a new low in modern American politics - everyone needed a shower
afterwards. In the parallel universe of Donald J. Trump, atrocities can occur
without any implosion.

Imagine if Barack Obama, African-American freshman senator, had addressed a
rally in 2008 and said, "I want to punch that guy in the face"; or if he had
said that, if he was denied the nomination, there would be riots at the
convention as a result of his supporters being frustrated. What do you think
would have happened to Barack Obama's candidacy at that point? "Uppity" would
have been the first word in the epithet, and his half-life as a nominee for
president would have been extinguished.

There has been no one quite like Trump in a presidential campaign.

In Trump there is a bit of Huey Long, the Louisiana populist who played on anger
during the Depression and led an uprising against the New Deal for not taking
care of the poor working classes; a touch of Joe McCarthy, the vicious
anti-communist; a bit of George Wallace, the segregationist Alabama governor;
and some of Barry Goldwater, the libertarian conservative insurgent.

It is these strands in a persona so narcissistic and megalomaniac, so out of
control, that is presenting the Republican Party with its most existential
crisis ever - terrifying a party leadership that believed it not only had the
richest field of credible contenders but also a massive chance of recapturing
the White House after "eight failed years of Barack Obama".

Never before have the pillars of the conservative intelligentsia - George Will,
Michael Gerson, David Brooks, Bill Kristol, the editors of National Review -
been so united in their revulsion at a candidate who, they collectively believe,
will destroy the Republican Party and turn the country over to the Democrats.

Indeed, it was Marco Rubio, the Cuban-American senator from Florida, who the
Democrats feared most. He was younger, extremely articulate, with a powerful
narrative on national security and cross-cultural appeal - exactly the antidote
for a party that could not connect with Latinos in the past two presidential
cycles. He would transform the party and ensure its future. But the Ides of
March this week were cruel: Rubio was defenceless in his own state against the
angry rabble of working-class white voters that Trump has roused.

All of which leaves Hillary Clinton and the Democrats with quiet confidence but
some deep concerns about the Trump wild card. In the normal political universe,
Trump's extremism and fundamental unfitness for office should result in a
resounding defeat for Republicans - and threaten their majorities in Congress as
well.

Given America's evolving demographics - more than 50 per cent of the population
are non-white - Trump will need more of the white vote than even Mitt Romney
received four years ago. And not even Romney believes that is possible -
particularly if Republicans who love their party stay home in protest.

But in the back of the minds of many in Washington is this: if there is, say, a
horrific attack on the homeland in September or October, might the demagogue
inflame fears to such an extent that the country clamours for the Big Man theory
of history in seeking vengeance and security?

Hillary Clinton will be the Democratic nominee. She has been strengthened by the
primary campaign against Bernie Sanders. Many in Washington believed she could
not come back - and yet she nailed it last Tuesday.

She is now a better candidate. Sanders has driven the party to the left on
economic issues - mission accomplished. And Clinton is beginning to benefit from
a dividend from Trump's parallel universe: that if the Republicans are going
over the cliff in an orgy of radical extremism, then the US surely needs the
most experienced, capable, responsible and measured person to lead. At least,
that's the hope.

Bruce Wolpe was on the Democratic staff in Congress in President Obama's first
term. He is a supporter of Hillary Clinton's campaign.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              387 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                             June 3, 2003, Tuesday

DUCKS TALKIN' QUACK

BYLINE: Larry Brooks

SECTION: Late City Final; Pg. 083

LENGTH: 613 words


ANAHEIM - A year ago his franchise was all but moribund, his team consistently
playing to half-empty houses. Indeed, there may not have been a more irrelevant
NHL franchise than Michael Eisner's Mighty Ducks.

But success can erase memories of the high and mighty. It can puff up the chest
of an owner who doesn't have to back up his words on the ice. Maybe Eisner, he
of the Disney empire and used to getting what he wants, might want to remember
that.

"We're going to end it in six," Eisner proclaimed more than once after last
night's Mighty Ducks' 1-0 overtime victory over the Devils leveled the Stanley
Cup Finals at two-apiece. "We're going to end it here on Saturday night.

"We deserve to win it and we will win it."

The Mighty Ducks most certainly did deserve to win last night's match. The
Devils were more organized and composed than they were in their Game 3 loss, but
Anaheim carried the play against Martin Brodeur, forcing the netminder to face
far more dangerous shots than did Jean-Sebastien Giguere. In a game of little
flow, the Devils were able to mount only sporadic attacks. They were hanging on
during the third period, rarely able to come out of their own end with control.
They were horrid in the faceoff circle, and in fact, lacked composure in
repeatedly getting thrown out of draws.

And here tells much of the tale: With 5.3 seconds remaining in the third period
and the Devils having an offensive zone draw, it was left to Michael Rupp,
essentially a minor leaguer playing not only his first playoff game of the
season but the first of his career, to take the draw. Suffice to say, nothing
came of it, just the way nothing ever comes of overtime against Giguere and the
Ducks, who are 7-0 in such matches this year, the goaltender's shutout streak
now 168:27; just the way nothing usually comes of overtime for the Devils and
Brodeur, now a career 8-18 in OT, now having sustained four straight such losses
in the last two rounds.

Brodeur was magnificent last night, he truly was. But no one is laughing now
about his infamous gaffe on Saturday night. Had the Devils - who shuffled their
lines, who are sucking wind trying to compensate for the absence of Joe
Nieuwendyk and Turner Stevenson - scored one measly goal last night, the
goaltender would have been the hero. But they didn't. And now there is a sense
that the moment he lost the grasp on his stick in trying to play Sandis
Ozolinsh's Game 3 dump-in, the Devils may well have lost their grasp on the
Stanley Cup.

The series swings back to New Jersey for Game 5 on Thursday, back to New Jersey
where the Devils are 10-1 at the Meadowlands. And Devils fans might have some
interest in Eisner's critique of them. Flushed with victory, guaranteeing
victory, Mr. Mouseketeer saw fit to demean Devils fans, just as one of the
scoreboard promos the organization screened on the scoreboard here at the Pond
saw fit to demean the state.

"I was in New Jersey for the first two games, and the difference between our
fans in Anaheim was just so obvious," the owner, who is believed to have been
trying to sell the team for more than a year, said. "I don't want to get into
trouble, but our fans here were on fire and the fans in New Jersey were dead;
they were dead.

"Even our fans were better than theirs were."

Can you carry a tune? Can you sing along with me? All together now.

"M-I-C...See you in New Jersey...K-E-Y...Why? Because it's Game 5..M-O-U-S-E."


LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PLUCKY DUCKS: Ducks' Steve Thomas (right) is mobbed by teammates after
slaying Devils in 1-0 OT win. Ducks, who head to Meadowlands for Game 5
Thursday, evened best-of-seven series at 2-2.  AP

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              388 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Intelligencer Journal (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             August 8, 2008 Friday

Mccain Tv Ads Flood Lancaster

BYLINE: Dave Pidgeon

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 815  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


About 200 local Democrats, dressed in hippie, casual, hip-hop or business
attire, crammed into Obama campaign headquarters in Lancaster city Thursday
evening.

"They have to demean him," Mayor Rick Gray said, speaking of recent Republican
attack ads aimed at Barack Obama, the Democratic presidential candidate. "They
have to reduce him to the lowest common denominator, because if they don't
Barack Obama will be the next President of the United States."

Television advertisements by presumptive Republican nominee John McCain and the
GOP have aired in recent weeks, often attacking Obama for lacking government
experience and for a celebrity-like status at home and abroad.

According to a study released last week by the University of Wisconsin, the
media market in and around Harrisburg, including Lancaster, is among the top 10
targeted by both presidential candidates for television advertising. That
underscores the region's importance to the Nov. 4 election, not only in
Pennsylvania but in the nation.

"Both campaigns see Pennsylvania ... in the sense that it's central to their
path to the White House," said Chris Borick, a political science professor and
pollster at Muhlenberg University.

McCain is coming to York County Tuesday, and a report from the Allentown Morning
Call said he will be traveling with former Gov. Tom Ridge and that they will
stop Tuesday in Lancaster, too. The McCain camp did not return messages seeking
comment on this.

McCain earlier this week predicted Pennsylvania, with its 21 electoral votes,
would be not only a pivotal state in the election but the decisive state, the
way Ohio was in 2004 and Florida in 2000.

A candidate needs 270 electoral votes to win the White House, and Pennsylvania
has more electoral votes than the other battleground states this year: Michigan,
Ohio, Virginia and Colorado.

Between June 3 and July 26, the candidates and the Republican National Committee
spent $10.3 million on television advertising in Pennsylvania, the most of any
state and about $4 million more than second-place Ohio. The Democratic National
Committee did not spend any money on television ads during the same time frame.

"I can tell you from the attention we're getting from the national (Republican
Party), we're absolutely one of the focuses, if not the focus of the entire
nation," said Michael Barley, spokesman for the state Republican Party.

Abe Amoros, spokesman for the state Democratic Party, said Obama needs to spend
millions on television advertising because he lost Pennsylvania's primary to
Hillary Clinton in April by about 10 percentage points.

"The smart money always goes into television," Amoros said. "It has an emotional
impact as it connects to voters."

A breakdown in the number of commercials and where they air shows the geography
of McCain and Obama's strategies. Philadelphia and its suburbs received the most
ads of any region in the nation, a total of 3,311, according to the Wisconsin
study.

The local media market ranks sixth overall with 2,519 advertisements, the study
said. It is ahead of such pivotal regions as Columbus, Ohio; Denver, Colo., and
Lansing, Mich.

According to pundits and party officials, Gov. Ed Rendell crafted a winning
strategy in 2002 and 2006 by dominating the Philadelphia region, including the
suburbs, where the number of Democrats has drastically increased, while
performing poorly in the rest of the state.

McCain's strategy, then, would be to weaken Obama's numbers in and around
Philadelphia and Pittsburgh, while rallying a strong GOP turnout in the rest of
the state - which pundits have taken to calling "the T."

The "T" is roughly the shape of Pennsylvania minus the Philadelphia and
Pittsburgh areas. It is considered Republican territory, and if McCain is to win
Pennsylvania, he needs high voter turnout in this region, including Lancaster
and the rest of the Harrisburg media market.

"McCain can't lose (the Philadelphia area) by 90,000 or 100,000 votes," said G.
Terry Madonna, director of Franklin & Marshall College's Center for Politics &
Public Affairs. "If he loses it by 15,000 and keeps Obama down in the Pittsburgh
region, McCain has a chance."

"McCain needs incredible turnout," Borick said. "He would have to have big
victory margins in the T and big turnout, which is anything but certain given
the conservatives' lukewarm reception for him. He's never been a darling of the
conservatives."

Therefore, all the ads.

Tickets for McCain's town hall meeting will be available at Lancaster County
Republican Committee headquarters between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. today and Monday.
Headquarters is at 902 Columbia Ave., and the local GOP has only 1,000 tickets
to give out.

The McCain event will be held Tuesday at the Toyota Center in the York
Fairgrounds. Doors open at 9:45 a.m.

Also Thursday, the Obama campaign opened its local headquarters at 252
Harrisburg Ave. The telephone number is 606-9393.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: John Mccain
Tom Ridge

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              389 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                       May 3, 1994, Tuesday, City Edition

Knives an everyday art statement

BYLINE: MARY ANN MARGER

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; VISUAL ARTS; EntertAinMent; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 851 words



Cutting-edge art gained a whole new meaning this past weekend when a maker of
knives won the best of show award at Mainsail.

Did the award demean the show? Or was the judge just cutting up? The  winner,
Joseph DiGangi of Santa Cruz, New Mexico, designs every aspect of his  knives.
Each is crafted for a specific use - paring, chopping, slicing,  carving. From
start to finish, he makes each knife himself. His blades, often  bold and broad,
are so different he has patented them.

But aren't patents for inventors, not artists?

How can a utilitarian knife, which DiGangi repeats in unlimited copies,  compete
with oil paintings, marble sculpture and non-functional crafts - and  come out
on top?

Even DiGangi's handout information denies his work as art. He offers an  article
written by a food writer, not an art critic. His resume lists articles  in
Gourmet, Food & Wine, Business Week and Elle - but not ArtNews or Art in
America. DiGangi owned dairy farms before he taught himself to make knives.
When he decided 10 years ago to sell the farms and become an artist, he
rejected sculpture as "too frivolous for me." Instead he chose the knife
because it was the most basic of tools.

And he set about perfecting not only its function but its form.

In the five or so years he has been exhibiting, he has stacked up  impressive
art credentials. More often he exhibits indoors; of the few outdoor  shows he
chooses each year, Mainsail is probably the least prominent (but he  loves it).
He has exhibited in the American Crafts Council's fair in Baltimore  and the
Philadelphia Museum of Art Craft Show, two of the most prestigious  craft shows
in the United States. He has won awards at the Philadelphia show  and in his two
previous appearances at Mainsail.

The man who selected DiGangi, Franklin W. Robinson, is director of the  Herbert
F. Johnson Museum of Art at Cornell University, and has judged many  similar
shows. "I would respect any selection that Franklin would make,"  said Janet
Kardon, director of the American Craft Museum in New York City.  Kardon selected
a chair as best of show when she judged Tampa's Gasparilla  Sidewalk Art
Festival in 1991. Though unfamiliar with DiGangi's work, she had  no problem
accepting knife-making as an artistic medium.

Neither did Michele Tuegel, director of Florida Craftsman's state  headquarters
in St. Petersburg and a former Mainsail best of show winner. "I  thought it was
wonderful that he got best of show," she said. She says she  would love to own
his cutlery, which starts at $ 120 for a paring knife. And  yes, she'd use it
for its intended function.

Margaret Steward, who won a $ 1,000 award at the show for her graphics,  checked
out DiGangi's work. "I thought it was a little repetitive," she  said. "Maybe
the judge was trying to make a point that art exists in a lot of  different
forms. Culturally speaking, art today has become kind of elitist.  Maybe he was
trying to bring it back into everyday life. They were the  prettiest knives I've
ever seen. And who is to say what art is?"

Rebecca Sexton Larson, who hand-colors photography for one-of-a-kind images
often mistaken for paintings, said, "I think there's been a real surge in the
fine craft movement lately. It's finally coming into its own. For a long time
there was a snootiness toward 2-D. The fact that he had patents gave a lot  more
justification to it."

Robinson's other choices of winners is a balanced list across all mediums,
including frequent prize winners from Mainsail and other top shows.

He did not choose DiGangi lightly. Shirley Edidin, a weaver whose booth was
nearby, watched him return several times Saturday to muse over the knives.

Reached by phone after he returned home to Cornell, Robinson first took  time to
praise Mainsail as "as good as any" show he has judged.

"What is the point of art?" he asked, and then answered, "The point is  to make
our daily lives more beautiful, to fill our daily lives with beautiful  designs.
We should drive beautiful cars and live in beautiful houses and eat  with
beautiful knives and forks, and so forth. If you go to the Museum of  Modern Art
(New York), you'll see many examples. They have a whole department  of design.

"Knives are absolutely part of the idea of a well-designed environment:  knives,
plates, glasses, architecture itself, as well as paintings and prints  and
drawings and sculpture. It's all part of what enhances life.

"I felt that this man was a true master, an artist who deserved a prize.  He
struck me as an exciting artist. There were people who made handbags and
jewelry. If handbags, if jewelry, if glass, why not knives? He is a master. He
also makes a statement of what art is about, that knives can be and should be
very beautiful. My choice of Mr. DiGangi is, in a way, my statement - that art
is more than pigment on a canvas, more than art on a pedestal; that it's for
our daily lives, that it's part of us. It should be part of our everyday lives
and souls."

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; TAMPA TODAY

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              390 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                              May 23, 2006 Tuesday

Letter Box

BYLINE: Reformer.com

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 1241 words


When those who work here live elsewhere

Editor of the Reformer:

Brattleboro, in its own entity and as a part of Vermont, has the glory of having
the highest per capita tax in the United States. This is coupled with an
emphasis on welfare services without the balance of attractive industry and
related opportunity and a supportive tax base. This contrasts with New
Hampshire, which is 47th in per capita taxes.

Some will undoubtedly weigh in on the side of beneficent Brattleboro and
Vermont. However, with the imbalance of extensive social services and no
entrepreneurial base, in the long run there is no long run. There is no long run
since concentration on social services with no business tax base will drive out
existing entrepreneurs as well as young potential.

Houston, Texas, and Albuquerque, N.M., for example, achieve low taxes with lean
city hall budgets, 24 percent below the national average, and in each case the
people who manage those cities live in them.

In Brattleboro, only a minority of the town hall occupants live in the town.
Thus, the management is more or less oblivious to that which demeans and
devalues the town's assets and property values even as the property taxes
skyrocket.

Every town and city in the United States needs people who run the entity as a
business and customer-oriented company would be run. High taxes without
concomitant business opportunity, town beauty, and conservation, does not
reflect positive consumer orientation.

Brattleboro and towns like it are fighting a demographic battle against areas
with better opportunity and better living facilities and lower costs and will
lose, now and in the future, the talented young and the contributing old, and
with no tax base, eventually be unable to fund the ever prevalent social
services. Brattleboro and its clones will be "all saddle and no horse."

The fault is not in the stars; it is in the amount of passion and skill that
reside in the town management, which, you will note, do not choose mainly to
live in the town which they manage.

As the Latin phrase "res ipso loquitor" translates, let the facts speak for
themselves.

Irwin H. Steinberg

West Brattleboro, May 17

Beware of the Trojan drug dog

Editor of the Reformer:

This is a response to a letter printed May 6. I really do not think it is
necessary or appropriate to mention people's personal names when writing to the
newspaper, unless the person holds a public office or is running for one. One
can get a point across without naming names of other people who have written to
the paper, by focusing on the topic itself.

I am all for decreasing the drug problems in Brattleboro. Being on Interstate
91, we are on a major drug trade route and are inundated from people from places
south of us, coming here to peddle serious drugs like cocaine. Teenagers are one
group that is particularly harmed by this because they are vulnerable to begin
with. I hear about it a lot because I tutor high school students. I am very
strongly in favor of rooting out the drug trade. I am also very strongly in
favor of methods that help us find drugs without resorting to profiling, and I
do think that a CEO or other high-ranking official should be held responsible
the same as someone who looks young and poor; and people should be treated
equally, with regard to the color of their skin.

That particular aspect of a police dog is very appealing to me; I would love to
see people get caught for drug possession based on whether they are guilty, not
based on whether they "look the part" (profiling by socio-economic background,
race, or age).

It is not specifically the police dog I am against. I am trying to point out a
trend, where the federal government gives "grants" (which are really our tax
dollars) to beef up surveillance capabilities of police. The items "given" by
these grants, while intended by us to be used for noble purposes, have the
chance of later being used against us by an out of control federal government. I
have complete faith in the integrity of the local government and I have complete
respect for the police officers and the job they do, but I think we need to be
very, very careful about accepting these types of gifts.

They may turn out later to be Trojan horses. Perhaps people would like to think
about this in a general way and in the future, be very thoughtful about
accepting these types of gifts.

I would like to see at least as much effort to stop the drug trade in
Brattleboro, coming from a different angle, such as a consistent, ongoing effort
to create alternatives in our community so that people here are not so
vulnerable to the drug trade which is coming from elsewhere. Teens are certainly
not the only victims of the drug pushing that goes on, but I happen to know a
lot about their side of it. We need to have more social alternatives for
teenagers, and there needs to be a consistent effort by adults to find out what
teenagers need and to support teens' leadership in creating the kinds of social
opportunities teens would really use. That is just one of probably many things
that need to happen.

I think we at least need to be very careful not to limit our thinking about any
given problem to, let's get better policing. Better policing doesn't solve much,
because the other sides of the problems also need to be addressed; and better
policing, in this political climate, has a risk. Let's not emphasize and rely on
it, but rather let's diversify our approaches to solving problems.

Heidi Henkel

Brattleboro, May 12

Shepard's not taking any big money

Editor of the Reformer:

Rainville is taking a ton of big, out-of-state, special interest PAC money and
acts as if she's ashamed of it.

Peter Welch is taking a ton of big, out-of-state, special interest PAC money and
is actually proud of it! Which is more disturbing?

Tough call if you're a Vermonter who would like the candidate you vote for to
represent Vermont and you!

Happily, there is another choice in this race: Mark Shepard, the state senator
from Bennington, who is not taking big, out-of-state, special interest PAC money
from anybody. Mark Shepard is a third-generation native Vermonter, raising a
family and running his own small business here in Vermont. He understands the
problems facing regular folks here at home: good-paying jobs, getting a
meaningful education, making sure taxes are reasonable, and keeping the Vermont
way of life affordable for the people who made it what it is. This midterm
election is a big game to the entrenched political machines in Washington -- who
gets to play with the gavel and who gets to investigate the other. Their
interests in Vermont have nothing to do with solving the problems of the people
who live here.

But they have lots of money to buy us off for their own purposes, and they're
going to try their hardest to do just that. Rainville and Welch have both sold
out to that game. Don't let them. Support a candidate who represents you.
Support Mark Shepard for the U.S. House. Because you know he can't be bought,
you can trust he won't sell you out. Because of this principled stand, Mark
won't have the flashiest commercials in this campaign, or the most. He won't be
sending you junk mail ten times a week. He won't have the money to buy all that
stuff and fluff the other candidates will. But, Mark Shepard will have what it
takes to earn your respect and your vote. If you're a Vermonter, Mark Shepard is
a candidate who's worth voting for.

Bruce Busa

Readsboro, May 16

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              391 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 11, 1997, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

'Shareholder' Model Demeans Marriage

SECTION: Section A; Page 26; Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 211 words



To the Editor:

When Lorna J. Wendt claimed 50 percent of family assets as an "equitable
distribution" in a divorce settlement from Gary C. Wendt, chief executive of GE
Capital Corporation, she argued that she had earned it as an economic helpmate
in her husband's career. A Connecticut court awarded $20 million, out of their
estimated wealth of $100 million.

You note (editorial, Dec. 5) that the award, though not half, was still a "grand
sum." Furthermore, incomes in the highest zones now bring extravagant wealth to
some people whose "earning power is based on unique talents that have nothing to
do with their marriages." Outgoing spouses should therefore be able to claim
some of that wealth insofar as they contributed to it. Your headline, "Spouses
as Shareholders," with its overtones of limited liability, reinforces this
rejection of a connubial partnership in which all belongs to both.

Mrs. Wendt had only one rightful claim, which had nothing to do with being an
entrepreneur: she was a wife. What is left of marriage if partners can claim
talents or handicaps, income or losses, assets or liabilities, homes or
offspring "that have nothing to do with their marriages"?

JAMES TUNSTEAD BURTCHAELL
Princeton, N.J., Dec. 6, 1997

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              392 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                    October 23, 2004 Saturday, ALL EDITIONS

Chandler wants letters denounced;
 Paige holds firm on immigration

BYLINE: Milton J. Valencia; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 798 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


State Sen. Harriette L. Chandler is calling on challenger Steven M. Paige to
denounce state Republican Party letters sent to voters on his behalf that accuse
her of wasting taxpayers' money on illegal immigrants.

Mrs. Chandler, D-Worcester, said the form letters mailed in districts throughout
the state where Democrat senators face Republican challengers are misleading and
"hate mail." She called for Mr. Paige to stand against them. Mr. Paige, of West
Boylston, refused.

"He should be repudiating this, he should not be accepting this," Mrs. Chandler
said. A leading immigrants-support group also denounced the letters, calling
them "hateful," and called for an apology.

The letter, uniform for each Democrat incumbent facing a Republican challenger
except for the incumbent's picture and name, has a headline that says,
"Harriette Chandler voted to send illegal immigrants to college on your dime."

It goes on to state how the state Senate approved a budget that allows illegal
immigrants to attend college on behalf of taxpayers, while it rejected plans the
governor had for scholarships.

"That's right!" the letter reads, "We could have rewarded our best performing
students with college scholarships. Instead, Harriette Chandler voted to give
your money to illegal immigrants.

"On November 2nd, it's time to tell Harriette Chandler that we want to reward
our best-performing students and not illegal immigrants."

Mrs. Chandler called the letter misleading. For one thing, she said, the
Senate's rejection of the scholarship had nothing to do with finances or the
immigrant tuition bill. She said the governor wanted to give scholarships to the
top MCAS scorers across the state, when lawmakers wanted instead to give them to
top scorers within individual districts. That way, students in affluent
communities don't overshadow those from urban schools, she said. The measure
died because of a gubernatorial veto, but the state Board of Education recently
approved the Senate's version, Mrs. Chandler said.

Moreover, she said, the letters demean immigrants. The bill that was passed
calls for the in-state college tuition rate - as opposed to out-of-state rate -
at state colleges for illegal immigrants who have graduated from high school and
attended school in Massachusetts for at least three years. An amendment to the
bill stated that illegal immigrants would not be accepted to a state college
over legal state residents.

Mrs. Chandler said the bill does not include extra funding, but gives illegal
immigrant students the same opportunity to attend college - at the same tuition
rate - as their peers. Mrs. Chandler estimated 300 to 400 students would be
eligible each year.

"If these children have the ability, they should have the opportunity to go to
college," at the same tuition rate as their peers, Mrs. Chandler said. She said
the bill had nothing to do with scholarships mentioned in the letters. She noted
a sentence in the mailing that stated, "Tell Harriette Chandler our kids come
first," and responded, "These are our kids."

The bill had overwhelming support in the Senate - even among Republicans - but
went nowhere in the House of Representatives, so eventually it died without
becoming law.

Tim O'Brien, head of the state Republican Party, said Mrs. Chandler's support of
the bill draws a clear difference between her and Mr. Paige.

"What we're talking about is encouraging illegal immigration, it doesn't matter
if you're from Norway, Germany or Sweden," he said. "I don't think we should be
encouraging illegal activity.

"What isn't being answered is the fact that Harriette Chandler voted to give
illegal immigrants tuition breaks," he said.

Mr. Paige reiterated the party leader's theme, saying the word "illegal
immigrant," sticks out. "If they're illegal immigrants, they certainly shouldn't
be here," he said.

"I don't believe using taxpayers' dollars to fund illegal activity by
encouraging illegal immigration is something people of the 1st Worcester
District want."

The letters, because they were sent statewide, drew a quick reaction from the
Massachusetts Immigrant & Refugee Advocacy Coalition, saying they "play on fear
and prejudice."

"It is intolerable for any political party to demean or dismiss the hard work
and contribution of Massachusetts immigrants," Ali Noorani, executive director
of MIRA, said in a letter to the Republican Party.

The letter asked for an apology, but Mr. Noorani said there's been no response.

"It's a shame policies have stooped to this level," Mr. Noorani said. "Having
differences on issues is one thing, but you're going over the line when
attacking immigrant youth and families.

"Immigrant youth are being used as pawns in political battles. That's what we're
talking about, youth."

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2004 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              393 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Contra Costa Times (California)

                           October 22, 2005 Saturday

'Lunatic fringe' sighting at Cal;
ERIC GILMORE: TIMES COLUMNIST

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 752 words


It's been a week since Cal suffered a 23-20 loss to Oregon State at Memorial
Stadium.

So I thought I should send out a few messages before the Bears play their next
football game tonight at home against Washington State.

To that forty-something woman dressed in Cal gear who screamed "You (expletive)
stink!" at Bears quarterback Joe Ayoob as he left the field after last week's
game:

Get a grip! Better yet, stay home tonight and scream obscenities at your
television while you watch the game, if you must.

To that fifty-something man who called Ayoob a word we can't print in a family
newspaper:

As former San Francisco Mayor Willie Brown once said about Elvis Grbac, you're
an embarrassment to humankind.

To that whack job with a computer, waging an Internet campaign to pressure coach
Jeff Tedford into benching Ayoob:

Get a life. Better yet, get some perspective.

I've never understood sports fans who boo their own team or demean their own
players, especially when those players are amateurs, not millionaire pros.

Did Ayoob have a terrible game against Oregon State? Of course he did. He knows
that. We all do. He completed just 13 of 39 passes for 219 yards and one
touchdown with two interceptions.

Ayoob, though, could throw 40 straight interceptions and it wouldn't justify the
foul-mouthed abuse he took from a few fans at Memorial or the cyber attacks he's
endured.

Ayoob's a college kid. So are his teammates. They're teenagers and
twenty-somethings. Imagine your son or brother walking off a football field and
hearing that type of verbal abuse from people old enough to know better.

Cal has a long-standing tradition of keeping athletics in perspective. Old Blues
typically support their football team but realize that football is just part of
their world-class university's fabric.

This isn't Norman, Okla., Lincoln, Neb., or Tallahassee, Fla. It's Berkeley.
It's different. Most of us who live in the area believe that's a good thing.

The overwhelming majority of Cal football fans haven't lost their minds. They're
enjoying this great ride they've been on since Tedford took over in 2002.

But we're starting to detect a "lunatic fringe" at Memorial, borrowing a line
from Giants general manager Brian Sabean.

What's going on? Here's my theory.

The Bears became so good so quickly after Tedford took over that some fans have
become A) spoiled by success and B) obsessed with Cal football.

So when the Bears lose back-to-back games, as they have, and Ayoob struggles, as
he has, those fans lash out at the most obvious target.

Maybe these F-bomb-dropping fans have been on Cal's football bandwagon only a
few years.

Maybe they didn't experience the Tom Holmoe era and his 1-10 finale in 2001.
Maybe they didn't suffer through Keith Gilbertson's reign in Berkeley, which
ended with a 3-8 mark in 1995.

Maybe they just spent too much time before last week's game discussing zone
blitzes with Jack Daniels and Captain Morgan and couldn't control their
emotions.

For Cal fans who endured so many losing seasons, a 5-2 record this year isn't
exactly like a kick in the groin.

The Bears are just one win shy of becoming bowl eligible again, for the third
straight year.

Yes, the Bears are struggling, after back-to-back losses. Yes, they're battered
and bruised, missing some key players.

That's why Ayoob and his teammates need the support of Cal's fans more now than
ever.

Fans are supposed to lift their team up in tough times, not kick it when it's
down.

If anything good has come out of the gauntlet of insults Ayoob endured after
last week's game, it's that his teammates and coaches have rallied around him.

"Joe took the game pretty hard," Tedford said Tuesday during his weekly news
conference. "He just needs to know we're behind him 100 percent."

Shortly after last week's loss, Tedford pointed out that former Cal quarterback
Aaron Rodgers, like Ayoob a junior college product, went 9-for-34 in a 35-21
loss to Oregon State two years ago at Memorial.

Rodgers and the Bears won five of their next seven games and beat Virginia Tech
52-49 in the Insight Bowl. The next year, Rodgers led Cal to a 10-2 record
before leaving for the NFL as a first-round draft pick.

There's no guarantee Ayoob will become another Rodgers. It's not that easy going
from junior college to Cal to the NFL's first round.

Ayoob might keep struggling. If he does, save the F-bombs for the next time you
get a notice from the IRS.

Contact Eric Gilmore at egilmore@cctimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 2005 Contra Costa Times (Walnut Creek, CA)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              394 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                     April 12, 2003 Saturday Final Edition

Snow expects Senators to be all warmed up

SOURCE: The Ottawa Citizen

BYLINE: Ken Warren

SECTION: Sports; Pg. F1

LENGTH: 544 words

New York Islanders goaltender Garth Snow might have been better served to let
sleeping dogs lie.

Instead of quietly accepting praise after shutting out the disjointed Ottawa
Senators 3-0 on Wednesday, Snow said the most difficult shot he faced came "in
the warmup."

That's likely all the Senators needed to hear to get inspired for Game 2 of the
Eastern Conference quarterfinal playoff series tonight at the Corel Centre.

Pressed on the issue yesterday, Snow said he only meant to compliment his
defencemen, not demean the Senators.

However, he also said he could care less if the Senators chose to take his words
the wrong way.

"That was one of our best defensive games of the year. Our defencemen and
forwards played a great game to take pressure off me," he said. "We know how
good (the Senators) are. We have tremendous respect for the other team. We'll
probably see Ottawa play their best game (tonight)."

Snow, meanwhile, is coming off his best game with the Islanders, at least in the
view of defenceman Roman Hamrlik. The 25-save, Game 1 shutout was the first of
his playoff career.

Snow, 33, has generally been considered a career backup, a guy who could never
establish himself as a No. 1 netminder in previous NHL stops with the Quebec
Nordiques, Philadelphia Flyers, Pittsburgh Penguins and Vancouver Canucks. He
has a career regular-season record of 117-119-38.

Before Wednesday, he hadn't started a playoff game since the second game of the
1997 Stanley Cup final, when his Flyers were swept by the Detroit Red Wings in
four games.

He inherited the Islanders' No. 1 job in March, when Chris Osgood was traded to
the St. Louis Blues for prospect Justin Papineau.

In recent years, Snow has gained more attention for pushing the limits on the
size of his equipment than he has for his goaltending.

He remains sensitive about the subject, and yesterday he told a Citizen
photographer to stop taking his picture in the Islanders dressing room, saying
sternly, "I've passed all the inspections" on his equipment.

If Snow is able to lead the Islanders past the Senators, it will go a long way
to establishing him as a goalie who can win under pressure. He said his
experience in the Stanley Cup final helps his preparation.

"Every guy in here has faced pressure situations, whether it's in junior or at
this level. I just want to win. I'm not looking at cliches like whether we're
the underdogs or not. We know that if we play the way we can, we can have
success. We don't really care what anybody says outside this locker- room."

Islanders coach Peter Laviolette said Snow's experience in the Stanley Cup final
should be an advantage, but claims all the Islanders gained something from last
year's gruelling seven-game loss to the Toronto Maple Leafs in the opening round
of the playoffs.

"We're more prepared as a group," he said. "Last year, with the exception of two
or three guys, we didn't have much experience, and we fought right to the end.
Maybe this year we have the added push because of the experience gained last
year."

That experience tells them they have to raise their own game tonight, matching
what they expect will be a more polished, confident Senators team. Snow, for
one, doesn't plan to melt under the heat.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colour Photo: Jana Chytilova, The Ottawa Citizen; Islanders goalie
Garth Snow said the toughest shot he faced in Game 1 came in the warmup.

TYPE: Sports

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              395 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             April 28, 2002 Sunday

Wright brothers' heirs fight for rights; Trademark: Family wants to protect the
image of their famous ancestors

BYLINE: JAMES HANNAH

SECTION: Pg. a8

LENGTH: 821 words

DATELINE: DAYTON, Ohio


Wilbur and Orville Wright were teetotalers and would be horrified if their names
were used to endorse alcoholic products, their relatives say.

The brothers' great-grandnephew, Stephen Wright, says linking their names to
beer mugs and ashtrays would demean their legacy as the 100th anniversary of
their first flight is celebrated.

So an agency that represents the brothers' relatives has applied for federal
trademark protection on the Wright brothers' names and images on 22 classes of
products, including clothing, calendars and note cards. Retailers in Ohio, where
the Wrights invented their plane, and North Carolina, where they made their
historic flight, are concerned they might have to pay royalties, even on items
sold in the past.

It isn't known when federal trademark protection would be granted. But the Roger
Richman Agency in Beverly Hills, Calif., has already had the legal right to the
Wright brothers' name and images since 1992 because of laws in Ohio, California,
Indiana and other states, said the agency's president, Roger Richman.

"We're here to preserve the legacy of the Wright brothers and be sure their
image is being handled in a way that they handled it themselves," Richman said.

Having federal trademark status would provide more clout in fighting improper
use of the brothers' images, he said. Family members, who number about 20, also
want a share of the profits from the sale of Wright brothers-related products to
go to nonprofit groups.

The brothers invented and developed their airplane in Dayton and flew it for the
first time on the sand dunes of Kill Devil Hills, N.C., on Dec. 17, 1903.

John Harris, owner of Kitty Hawk Kites in Nags Head, N.C., said his stores
stopped selling T-shirts, cups, caps and other items bearing the Wright
brothers' names and likenesses last year when he became aware of the issue
through his work with the First Flight Centennial Foundation of North Carolina.

"You're not sure what you can do and what you can't do," Harris said. "It puts a
cloud over the merchandising side of things in our area. It takes energy from
the event. People are confused and afraid. The last thing people want is
litigation because businesses cannot afford it."

Jim Sobieraj, of American Exchange of Charlotte, N.C., represents businesses
that have now stopped selling first-flight products. But he believes the Wright
brothers are in the public domain, like George Washington.

"Nobody has been making any serious money on this," said Sobieraj, who
represents 18 businesses. "It's going to cost them a lot more money simply to
have a copyrighted licensed item, and the only person to benefit is someone out
in Beverly Hills."

Stephen Wright said the family wants a share of profits from Wright brothers'
merchandise to be given to nonprofit organizations that promote aviation.

Over the past six years, the nonprofit Wright Family Fund has distributed $$
@435,000 to such organizations. "None of this goes into our pockets," Wright
said.

He said merchants who want to use the Wright brothers' names or images must
first get permission of the family and then be granted a sales license by the
agency. The licensing agreements require a 10 percent royalty on sales of the
products, with 65 percent of that royalty going to the Wright Family Fund and
the rest to the agency.

"It has in some ways started dampening the enthusiasm in the local community,"
said Norma Mills, Basnight's general counsel. "I've got merchants ... literally
sitting on purchase orders not knowing whether they can make a purchase or not."

Mills said she understands the family's intentions. "What we have concerns about
is what appears to us to be the overreaching that this agency appears to be
doing," she said.

Richman said his agency does not plan to require the National Park Service,
Smithsonian Institution or other government agencies to pay royalties on Wright
brothers' items sold at gift shops. However, the agency wants royalties from the
companies that supply Wright brothers products to the gift shops.

Commissions, foundations and committees formed in Ohio and North Carolina to
mark the anniversary have developed and registered their own logos and slogans.

The First Flight Centennial Foundation in North Carolina has established its own
logo and registered the phrases "World's First Flight Centennial," "Event of the
Century" and "Rise to the Occasion."

"We felt there would be some value in being able to use the Wright brothers'
names and images, but not being able to is something that will not hold us
back," said Ferg Norton, executive director.

<Br>

News you can use

Further information about the 100th anniversary of the first flight can be found
on the following Web sites:

http://www.centennialofflight.gov

http://www.hollywoodlegends.com

http://www.inventingflight.com

http://www.firstflightcentennial.org


LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mug: Stephen Wright

                  Copyright 2002 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              396 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 23, 1997, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

ON BASEBALL;
Attention Paid to Bad Boys Can Do Good

BYLINE: By Claire Smith

SECTION: Section 8; Page 6; Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 791 words

DATELINE: PORT ST. LUCIE, Fla.


There is never a clearer picture of just what a peculiar place organized sports
is than when it comes time to make judgment calls.

The Orioles' Roberto Alomar spits in the face of an umpire last season, but his
club's owner, Peter Angelos, to this day argues that that was all right. And
that's wrong. Right?

The Yankees' David Wells, who breaks his pitching hand in a brawl outside a
barroom, wears a T-shirt in front of reporters that demeans homosexuals and
women in lewd fashion, then comes to camp and can't even do much running because
of gout, an arthritic-like ailment that is often linked to alcohol.

Wells initially said it wouldn't affect his drinking habits, until the weight of
George Steinbrenner fell on him. But if Wells continues to play his cards
outrageously, he'll be a folk hero by the time he hits New York. And there's
definitely something wrong with that. Right?

Dennis Rodman doesn't care an iota about suspensions for his outrageousness
because America forgives companies that offer him millions in endorsements. And
that, too, is wrong. Right?

Charles Barkley, also of National Basketball Association fame, didn't spit on an
umpire, but on a child while projecting toward a heckler; he is now an elder
statesman. The run-amok Dallas Cowboys are America's team. Wrong, wrong, wrong.

Then there's the Mets' Carlos Baerga. All last year, the Indian-turned-Met
infielder heard whispers about how his hectic night life was affecting his game.
So Baerga showed up at spring training in great shape this season, and announced
that he has stopped drinking and has found his way back to the church. And it
was met with audible gasps.

Orel Hershiser's famous saying that just because he's a Christian doesn't mean
he's a wimp is quickly forgotten because some observers fear that Baerga, the
live wire who entered 1996 with a .304 career batting average and exited at
.298, might lose his edge all the more.

Just like all born-again Christians, who can send shudders through sports faster
than a stress fracture merely by saying that God loves you whether you win or
lose.

They fit in as well as athletes, managers or coaches who eschew the high life,
actually respect marriage vows or think that God isn't and shouldn't be half of
a word. Which is to say they often don't fit very well at all.

Now this is what should be wrong.

Absolutely, said Lance Johnson, the Mets' rocket on the bases and in center
field. "I'm a Christian and a lot of people take Christianity for being weak,
and that's not the case," he said.

Yet there is a fear of this kind of conversion in clubhouses, and aspersions are
cast on the faithful. Gary Gaetti's passivity was said to be akin to a death in
the family by his fellow Twins. Howard Johnson, fellow Mets said, became meek.
And less popular.

"I think that many young athletes are not well-rounded enough in their
experience in general, so I think when it comes time to make adult decisions,
they don't know who to model themselves after," said Dr. Allan Lans, a
psychiatrist who is the director of the Mets' employee-assistance program. "We
all look for models in our lives, to lead the way. The other models are there.
They just don't get the attention."

So society's curiosity, even infatuation, is with boisterous, often ridiculous
models. "What excites us is the story of failure and redemption," Lans said.
"That's an important part of what humans want because it's what we experience
ourselves. We all want to know that we can pick up and do it again." Witness
Dwight Gooden and Darryl Strawberry, once walking Greek tragedies.

Alvaro Espinoza, Baerga's best friend on the Mets, believes Baerga also deserves
a chance to grow up, without whispers about his life change. Espinoza said
Baerga has been playfully teased in the clubhouse. Yet he also sensed something
else. "A lot of people were surprised, maybe worried," he said. "But this is
good for him. And remember, to be a Christian doesn't mean you have to be a
wimp."

It's just not as titillating. That really saddens Lance Johnson. "It's
backward," he said of society's values. "Everything's going downhill. It started
when they took prayer out of school, when you started paying the I.R.S. more
than you tithe."

Even if you extract religion from this argument, it's hard to deny that the
negative role models sometimes make parents want to scream, or at least to turn
off the TV, because they seem so prevalent at times.

But, Lans said, wouldn't life be boring, if not impossible, if they weren't
there, if only to learn from? The bad boys give us a chance to see the two roads
available and understand not just the consequences of the wrong fork, but the
good that may be waiting on the other.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Carlos Baerga arrived at Mets training camp in great shape and
said he had found his way back to the church. (Rick Silva for The New York
Times)

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              397 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    March 3, 2004, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION
                              Correction Appended

Campus rules overreach

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 517 words

Today's debate: Free speech

Our view: Students have right to express views that offend some others.

Following the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, several students at Shippensburg (Pa.)
University put up posters in their dorms depicting Osama bin Laden in a rifle's
crosshairs. But school officials ordered the posters removed. The students said
they were told the signs might offend other dorm residents.


In response to that bit of political correctness run amok, a group representing
the students sued the university, claiming its code of student conduct limits
free speech. A federal judge agreed. Last week, the school revised its code,
which had banned "any unwanted conduct which annoys, demeans or alarms."

The case illustrates how colleges' efforts to promote campus harmony can violate
constitutional rights to free expression by squelching all but the most bland
and conformist comments. While some views may be offensive, the best way to
confront them is by encouraging open dialogue, not giving veto power to those
most easily offended.

Yet, many colleges still prohibit provocative speech protected by the First
Amendment, according to the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education
(FIRE), which sued Shippensburg and other colleges that attempted to censor
debate.

Examples of campus restrictions the group has challenged:

 * Officials at the College of William and Mary in Virginia, University of
Colorado and University of California at Irvine prevented some students from
holding bake sales with discount prices for minority students as satirical
protests of affirmative-action policies. They relented after FIRE threatened to
sue.

 * Last year, Gonzaga University in Spokane, Wash., took disciplinary action
against a student group that posted fliers about a speech by the author of the
book Why the Left Hates America. Offended students and administrators had
complained that the title could be considered a form of hate speech. Gonzaga
reversed itself after FIRE protested.

 * A writing instructor at Forsyth Technical Community College in Winston-Salem,
N.C., claims she was let go last year after criticizing the Iraq war during a
class. FIRE is working to have her reinstated.

Some universities argue that speech codes are needed to comply with federal
rules that ban sexual or racial harassment. But the head of the U.S. Department
of Education's Office of Civil Rights says the regulations don't "impair the
exercise of rights protected under the First Amendment." The rules are intended
to protect students from discrimination, not regulate speech, he said.

Encouraging students to show sensitivity to others is laudable, but it's better
achieved through persuasion than coercion of those who express disagreeable
views. After all, a free exchange of ideas is supposed to be an integral part of
the college experience.

Universities can support civility without tearing down posters or limiting
speech. Free expression will make some uncomfortable, but that's not sufficient
reason to block it within the ivy-covered walls of academia.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: March 8, 2004, Monday

CORRECTION:  Wednesday's editorial about free speech said Shippensburg (Pa.)
University students were ordered to remove posters of Osama bin Laden from their
dormitories. The editorial should have made clear that the students allege that
the school ordered the posters removed.

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              398 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                           January 25, 2017 Wednesday
                                  Home Edition

This prospect wasn't so daunting;
Dodgers' reasoning in trading De Leon was simple: He wasn't seen as an elite
talent, so he was expendable.

BYLINE: BILL SHAIKIN, ON BASEBALL

SECTION: SPORTS; Sports Desk; Part D; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 526 words


The Dodgers do not trade their elite prospects.

That is the simple answer to why the Dodgers were willing to trade pitcher Jose
De Leon to the Tampa Bay Rays on Monday, for second baseman Logan Forsythe. For
all the hype around De Leon, the Dodgers did not consider him one of their elite
prospects.

Chris Sale did not land in Los Angeles because the Dodgers do not trade their
elite prospects. Same for Cole Hamels, and for Johnny Cueto and David Price.

This is not to demean De Leon. He excelled at every level of the minor leagues,
and he could jump into the Rays' starting rotation immediately. There might be
no greater currency in trade than a starting pitcher who can step into a major
league rotation today but not file for free agency for another six years.

"He's got a chance to be a really good major league pitcher," said Andrew
Friedman, the Dodgers' president of baseball operations.

De Leon, 24, went 7-1 with a 2.61 earned-run average at triple-A Oklahoma City
last season. When the Dodgers promoted him in September, he had thrown 18
consecutive scoreless innings and recorded 40 strikeouts since his last walk.

By the time the Dodgers called him up to patch their injury-riddled rotation,
they already had used 14 other starters, including four other rookies.

The team held him back in extended spring training, and then he developed a sore
shoulder after his first start, so he did not join the triple-A rotation for
good until June 7. Still, the Dodgers gave three starts to Brock Stewart, who
was not ranked among their top 30 prospects last spring, before giving one to De
Leon.

When Baseball America ranked the Dodgers' prospects earlier this month, the top
pitcher was not De Leon but 20-year-old Cuban right-hander Yadier Alvarez.

The Dodgers would not have traded Alvarez or first baseman Cody Bellinger --
just as they did not trade shortstop Corey Seager, the reigning National League
rookie of the year, or pitcher Julio Urias.

The Dodgers project Clayton Kershaw, Rich Hill, Kenta Maeda and Urias as their
top four starters, with Scott Kazmir, Alex Wood, Brandon McCarthy, Hyun-Jin Ryu,
Ross Stripling, Carlos Frias and Stewart also available.

The Dodgers weakened their next-level depth by trading De Leon on Monday and
trading Jharel Cotton, Grant Holmes and Frankie Montas last July for Hill and
since-departed outfielder Josh Reddick.

However, because Guggenheim Baseball ownership put its ample money where its
mouth was in emphasizing scouting and player development, the depth that remains
would be the envy of many other organizations.

It's hard to win without a second baseman. Sure, this trade could represent the
second coming of the infamous Pedro Martinez for Delino DeShields trade, but the
chances are beyond slim, and no team can win if it operates out of fear.

Bottom line: The Dodgers are closer this week than they were last week to their
first World Series since 1988. They wouldn't have sacrificed a prospect they
considered elite for that goal. They could be wrong about De Leon, but they can
afford to be -- and, if they bring a World Series back to Los Angeles, who
cares?

--

bill.shaikin@latimes.com

Twitter: @BillShaikin

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: JOSE DE LEON was unlikely to be in the Dodgers' rotation but
could step right into Tampa Bay's.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Luis Sinco Los Angeles Times

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              399 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Record (Kitchener-Waterloo, Ontario)

                           October 21, 2006 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Schools erasing racist logos; Region catching up with trend to eliminate
offensive stereotypes

BYLINE: LIZ MONTEIRO, RECORD STAFF

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 965  words

DATELINE: KITCHENER


Imagine seeing yourself portrayed wearing only a loin cloth, having an extended
pot belly, a big nose and a feather in your hair.

Each day, high school students at Kitchener-Waterloo Collegiate and Vocational
School see just such a stereotypical image of a native on the cafeteria trays
that carry their lunches.

The 25-year-old caricature is the school's mascot.

But Rodney the Raider will soon be laid to rest.

Principal Jim Rodger said the outdated image with exaggerated physical features
is offensive and racist.

"We don't want to label or demean an ethnocultural group in our school," said
Rodger, referring to aboriginal students at KCI. The school boasts a population
of 1,400 students.

"If we are an inclusive community, how can we ridicule one segment of the school
community?" Rodger said.

In an era where schools welcome students from diverse backgrounds, school
officials are taking steps to be more culturally sensitive.

At Grand River Collegiate Institute, the school's mascot, which also features a
First Nations figure, is being revamped. A high school in Palmerston recently
changed its school mascot, which was also supposed to represent a native figure.

Although Aminka Belvitt, 18, isn't aboriginal, she said she's offended by the
cartoon image.

"Being a visible minority, I felt offended. What if the caricature demeaned my
culture?'' said Belvitt, who was born in Jamaica and came to Kitchener when she
was five years old.

Local native leaders applaud KCI and Grand River for getting rid of images they
say are negative and hurtful to their people.

"None of these images are positive role models for our young people,'' said Jean
Becker, an elder-in-residence at Wilfrid Laurier University.

"It reinforces that we are inferior, that we come from an inferior culture and
that we are not progressive," she said.

Aboriginal figures have had a long history in American professional sports. Many
teams still use such mascots including the Cleveland Indians, the Atlanta Braves
and the Chicago Blackhawks.

The National Collegiate Athletic Association in the United States, which
organizes athletic programs in many U.S. colleges and universities said last
year that it was banning all representations of native imagery and names on
school teams. By 2008, all teams are forbidden from using images of natives for
mascots.

At Grand River, Teed said the current Renegade mascot, which depicts a Plains
native, is a powerful image handled with honour but "it's about respect for all
cultures.''

"It's just not appropriate to use an ethnic symbol and use it as a mascot. We
represent all students,'' he said.

Since KCI opened 153 years ago, it has always been known as the home of the
Raiders. It wasn't until 1972 that the native image of Rodney the Raider was
introduced. The movement to get rid of the mascot was kick-started by a former
student now attending Trent University in Peterborough. Laura Garrett was
working on her fourth-year thesis about native stereotypes in mascots for school
teams.

Three years ago Garrett came to her alma mater in Kitchener to interview staff
and students. Shortly after, Rodger began the process to change the mascot.

Rodger went to the school council to get its approval, and then staff and
student leaders last year.

Yesterday, students attended an assembly to hear about the change and encourage
them to come up with ideas for a new mascot.

Rodger said spontaneous applause erupted when it was announced that the mascot
would be no more.

Rodger hopes to have a more neutral replacement by March.

The school also has an image of a chiselled-featured native man wearing a
headdress painted on the walls of the cafeteria and gymnasium and featured on
the school's hockey team jersey.

Although the image may be considered more tasteful, it's still a representation
the school wants to get away from, Rodger said.

Belvitt said the chiselled face is also inappropriate.

"I don't think every native group sees themselves represented in that image,''
she said.

Belvitt said the picture of the native in headdress implies that aboriginal
people walk around in costume all the time.

"They only wear traditional robes in significant ceremonies,'' she said.

Rodger said changing the mascot raised concerns with alumni who associate Rodney
the Raider with school spirit and the institution's history.

"It's nostalgia for them,'' he said.

Donna Dubie, executive director of the Kitchener-based Healing of the Seven
Generations, a group that provides a wide range of supports for local aboriginal
people, said few people speak up about changing a mascot even if it is
offensive.

"If you dispute the school mascot, it is looked upon as unsportsmanlike of
you,'' she said.

Dubie said she grew up watching Bugs Bunny with natives portrayed as hunters
wearing loincloths, having big noses and pot bellies.

"It's disrespectful," she said.

Becker of Wilfrid Laurier said the caricature is "playing off the savage Indian
stereotype. If you are as fierce as the Indians, you will win."

Dubie said neither of the two images are portraits to be proud of.

"We are not cartoon characters," said Dubie. "We are no one's mascot."

Rodger said he was never approached by aboriginal students concerned with the
native depictions.

"But because someone says they are not hungry, does it mean we shouldn't feed
them?" he said.

Grade 11 student Jamie Belmore, whose father is Ojibwa, said he isn't bothered
by the images.

Paige Boyd, 15, who moved to Kitchener a month ago after living with her family
on the Listuguj native reserve in Quebec for eight years, said some male elders
on the reserve resemble the chiselled-face picture. She doesn't dislike the
image but feels the picture gives the impression that natives are combative.

"Not all natives are aggressors. It's labelling," she said.

lmonteiro@therecord.com

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colour Photo: KCI's mascot, Rodney the Raider, will be replaced because
it's offensive, the principal says.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NEWS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              400 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   May 3, 1992, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Topics of The Times;
Presidential Name-Calling

SECTION: Section 4; Page 16; Column 2; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 146 words


When Jerry Brown started started applying the nickname "Slick Willie" to Bill
Clinton, his opponent for the Democratic Presidential nomination, he lowered the
campaign's vocabulary and lowered himself. Such unworthy name-calling demeans
politics.

Now Marlin Fitzwater, President Bush's spokesman, has taken up the practice.
Traveling with his boss in Columbus, Ohio, the other day, he took the low road
in replying to Mr. Clinton's criticism of White House statements about the
rioting in Los Angeles. "I notice that Slippery Bill chose to treat this as a
political opportunity," Mr. Fitzwater complained.

Such name-calling is inappropriate for a public servant like Mr. Fitzwater and
unworthy of the President for whom he speaks. Presidents, even more than their
challengers, need to watch their language -- and the language of those who speak
in their name.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              401 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                      November 4, 2016 Friday 5:26 AM GMT

Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump take different directions in push for votes

SECTION: WORLD

LENGTH: 705 words


Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton charged through vastly different corners of
America on Friday hunting for vastly different voters in a final, frantic push
that traced the country's geographic, racial and economic divides.

Mrs Clinton and Democratic allies bounced from city to city.

She was to campaign in urban centres of Detroit, Pittsburgh and Cleveland on
Friday while President Barack Obama was heading to Charlotte, North Carolina -
all cities where minority voters are crucial.

In Pittsburgh, a city where one in three people is not white, Mrs Clinton
hammered Mr Trump as "someone who demeans women, mocks people with disabilities,
insults African-Americans and Latinos and demonises immigrants and Muslims".

"Everywhere he goes he leaves people behind," Mrs Clinton told rowdy supporters.

Mr Trump, meanwhile, was on a tour of rural areas, hoping to boost turnout among
the white, working-class voters drawn to his promise to bring back a lost
America. He started his day Friday in Atkinson, New Hampshire, population 6,800
and almost 98% white, according to the US Census Bureau. From there, he was
bound for Wilmington, Ohio, another overwhelmingly white town where just 13% of
residents have a college degree.

Speaking more than 2,000 miles from the Mexican border, Mr Trump drew loud
cheers in Atkinson when he vowed to build a massive wall between the US and
Mexico. The crowd booed when he contended Mrs Clinton supports "open borders".

"Her plans would mean generations of terrorism, extremism and radicalism
spreading into your schools and through your communities," Mr Trump declared.

In spite of a close race in national polling, Mr Trump's path to victory remains
narrow. For example, he must win Florida, where polls show a neck-and-neck race.
His campaign is increasingly looking to make up for losses among suburban
voters, particularly women, by wrestling up new voters in out-of-the-way places.

The candidates' divergent paths highlighted the yawning gaps between race, place
and economics that drive presidential policies.

Mr Trump told his largely white audience in Atkinson that "we have to rebuild
our country".

"They've shipped our jobs and they've shipped our wealth to other countries," he
said. "To all Americans, I say it is time for new leadership."

Mr Trump's dark views on the economy clashed with a new jobs report showing the
unemployment rate declined to 4.9% while wages went up in October. The report
marks 73 straight months of job growth.

But the Republican said the numbers were not good enough, and he cast doubt on
whether they were accurate.

"These numbers are an absolute disaster," Mr Trump said, reviving his argument
that the unemployment numbers released every month by the Labour Department are
skewed because they do not accurately account for those who've dropped out of
the workforce.

"Nobody believes the numbers they're reporting anyway," he said.

As he spoke, Mrs Clinton campaigned in Pittsburgh, delivering a nearly opposite
message. She celebrated what she described as the Rust Belt city's rebirth of
"confidence" and economic renewal. She asked voters to "imagine two different
Americas" - one with Mr Trump in charge, and one with her in the White House.

"Think about what it will be to trust the nuclear codes to someone with a very
thin skin," she said, adding Mr Trump could "start a real war, not just a
Twitter war at three in the morning."

Mrs Clinton called the jobs report "good news".

"I believe that our economy is poised to really take off and thrive," she said.
"When the middle class thrives, America thrives."

Mrs Clinton's campaign has announced two more stops in Philadelphia before
Tuesday. Pennsylvania is a state where Mrs Clinton has long had a solid lead; it
has not voted for a Republican in six presidential elections.

But with polls tightening across battleground states, Democrats are taking
little for granted. Former president Bill Clinton worked to drive up turnout in
Colorado on Friday, while Vice President Joe Biden was due in Wisconsin, both
states Mrs Clinton was believed to have locked up weeks ago.

Mrs Clinton herself was to wrap her day in Cleveland at a get-out-the-vote rally
with hip-hop artist Jay-Z.

AP

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2016 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              402 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                            January 14, 2011 Friday

Fregosi a scouting gem on and off the diamond

BYLINE: MARK WHICKER REGISTER COLUMNIST, The Orange County Register

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C

LENGTH: 751 words


There is no Major League Baseball Scouting Academy, or Officer Candidate
Training.

You don't try out.

What you need to become a scout is basically what you have: Opinions,
experience, a somewhat skeptical eye, curiosity, good vision, better insight and
the endless capacity to loudly support your decision once you make it.

Which brings up this question:

Did they invent this job specifically for Jim Fregosi?

This is not to demean Fregosi's managerial career, which brought the Angels
their first divisional championship and sent the Philadelphia Phillies to their
third World Series since 1950.

But the Professional Baseball Scouts Foundation is presenting Fregosi with the
George Genovese Award on Saturday night at the Hyatt Century Plaza, at Dennis
Gilbert's lavish and lavishly attended banquet that benefits scouts.

Fregosi's is one of the most authoritative voices in the Atlanta Braves'
decision room, as he once advised General Manager John Schuerholz and now Frank
Wren.

He brings the same volume and certitude to every ballpark he visits, and other
establishments.

When Fregosi begins staring at his companions and then lowers his glasses so he
can actually see their faces, you know someone's said something wrong.

But Fregosi also has been wrong and has admitted it. I think it was 5:37 p.m. on
a Wednesday, but I'm not sure of the date.

"When a club is interested in getting a particular player, it sends the scout
there to get a lot of information," Fregosi said.

"You don't just watch him play. You talk to people. Clubhouse attendants. The
ground crew. You find out how he treats people, what's his family like, how he
gets along with everybody, if he plays hard. You need to know his makeup. You
only learn that when you go to the ballpark.

"Fortunately I've been around long enough that I know a lot of people. I can get
those answers."

Some organizations have tried to skip this step. They don't send advance men,
who report back on the tendencies of upcoming clubs on the schedule, and they
don't send scouts to cross-check players of interest, for trades.

They feel all the answers are in the decimal points. And, yeah, some are. And,
yeah, scouts can get fooled. But that's not the percentage play.

"The clubs that have tried it that way have not won," Fregosi said.

There is a reason that the Angels clubhouse has been largely jerk-free. They
tried to short-cut the process, to get Jose Guillen. It has not happened since.

"Managers look at players differently," Fregosi said. "You tend to remember what
a guy did against you. That's what was great about Bobby Cox. He'd say, 'Look, I
like this guy, but you guys have seen him against a lot more teams than I have.'
He knew what our job was."

This is the same Jim Fregosi who was the Angels' first star.

They took him from Boston in the expansion draft, and he had at least 167 hits
in four seasons, back when any double by a shortstop was an unexpected check in
the mail.

Fregosi made six All-Star teams. The Mets liked him so much they gave up Nolan
Ryan, so Fregosi was the gift that kept on giving for 20 years.

However, he soon lost his range in New York. Once he failed to reach a grounder
and Tom Seaver glared him down. When the two reached the dugout, Fregosi said,
"Hey, Tom. Pitch around me!"

Fregosi found his way to Texas, where he once botched what a writer called "a
routine ground ball" in what became an extra-inning loss to the Yankees.

Fregosi hunted down the writer the next day and reminded him, "No ball ever hit
to me is routine."

Scouting, in 1960, was much more personal. There was no draft, so the scouts
were recruiters. Jim's dad, Archie, ran a bakery and restaurant in South San
Francisco and made sandwiches for the scouts.

"They were all like family," he said. "Charlie Walgren was the guy who signed me
for the Red Sox, for $15,000, which was a lot. I had partial scholarship offers
to play football at Cal or Stanford and I could have played two sports at Santa
Clara.

"Every time I ever went back to Oakland or San Francisco as a player or a
manager I would see Charlie. Scouts got to know the players so much better
then."

Archie wanted Jim to play baseball - "which is what all the best athletes did
back then," Jim said - but Jim's mother, Margaret, was disappointed.

"Then I went to Ocala, Fla., for spring training and was homesick as hell," he
said. "I called home and she said, 'You're not coming back. Grow up. Be a man.'
And that was that."

Eventually, Fregosi spent nearly every day of his life at home. Or behind it.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jim Fregosi, who managed the Blue Jays and the Angels among his many
baseball positions, will receive a scouting award on Saturday.

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              403 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                             August 24, 2009 Monday
                                 First Edition

Free speech means life or death;
Don't demean;
those fighting for;
their health care

BYLINE: Jessica Peck Corry For the Colorado Daily

SECTION: COLORADO DAILY; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 557 words


F

ree speech can be complicated, as evidenced by the call from U.S. Rep. Betsy
Markey (D-Fort Collins) for "civility" in the passionate debate over President
Barack Obama's plan to socialize American health care.

At town hall meetings and through online campaigns, millions of Americans have
expressed heated opposition to Obama's proposal.

Markey, justifiably nervous about the response she'll face at her own upcoming
meetings, plans to provide attendees copies of George Washington's "Rules of
Civility & Decent Behavior in Company."

The Denver Post's Monte Whaley writes that "if voters angry over (Obama's)
attempts to overhaul the nation's health care system don't heed her plea, maybe
they'll listen to the father of our country."

Markey emphasizes Washington's first rule: "Every action done in company ought
to be with some sign of respect to those that are present." Markey implores
participants to "respect one another. Don't yell at people. Don't hold a sign in
front of someone's face. You may not agree with what they say, but everybody
deserves a right to speak."

However, invoking Washington in America's current debate yields new questions.
Would America's first president encourage respectful debate or call for a
revolution against expanded government control?

According to Washington expert Joseph C. Smith, the analysis is complicated.
While Washington encouraged political civility, he recognized the necessity to
fight against oppression.

"He obviously did not believe that civility was more important than freedom,"
Smith said. "Otherwise he would have condemned the notoriously uncivil Boston
Tea Party, which he did not."

As Smith notes, Washington backed a resolution in the Virginia House of
Burgesses expressing solidarity with Bostonians and calling for a day of prayer
and fasting. When Virginia's colonial governor responded by dissolving the
chamber, Washington still observed the day, a move Smith calls an "in your face"
gesture.

At critical moments, Washington believed the need for civil discourse was
outweighed by the call for freedom. While history books will define whether this
is one of those moments, recent events have certainly put Democrats in a tough
position. Having remained silent as liberal radicals repeatedly have silenced
the speech of others, they now proclaim the First Amendment's necessity.

Democrats are mum every October as radicals make their annual Denver pilgrimage
to shut down the city's Columbus Day Parade. They said nothing as protest
ringleader and ousted University of Colorado professor Ward Churchill waged his
censorship campaign on the Boulder campus, shouting down countless political
opponents, including David Horowitz.

Certainly, America's health care debate, and the debate over how it should
proceed, will continue. There have been some on both sides of the political
aisle guilty of attempting to silence opposition.

But to understand where Obama's opponents are coming from, look to the words of
patriot Patrick Henry, who, in 1775, famously proclaimed, "Give me liberty or
give me death."

Ultimately, for families facing serious health problems -- resistant to any
suggestion of rationed care -- this is about fighting for the freedom to choose
life over death.

Jessica Peck Corry is the director

of the Independence Institute's

Campus Accountability Project.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2009 Daily Camera and Boulder Publishing, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              404 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            August 13, 2005 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Mascot Ruling Makes NCAA Look Silly

BYLINE: LARRY CAREY, Special to the Tribune

SECTION: NATION/WORLD; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 312 words


By LARRY CAREY

Special to the Tribune

The NCAA has so lost its way that its name now might stand for National
Collegiate Asinine Administrators.

Its demand that college sports programs stop using American Indian names is
silly. Most of the names are among the oldest and most revered in American
sports. They were never intended to offend, but rather to represent the courage
and other positive qualities of Native Americans. The Seminoles, who never lost
a war, are perhaps the best example.

What's next? PETA might make a case that mascot names demean animals. There go
the Wolverines, the Gators, the Bulldogs, the Bulls, the Badgers, the Gamecocks
and, of course, the Salukies.

Nearly half the states in our Union are named for specific tribes or derive from
native Indian words. Does that mean Illinois, Utah, Massachusetts, Missouri and
those other state names are offensive?

It seems ironic that it's less controversial to take land from some tribe and
give it an Indian name than to take inspiration from Native Americans for a
college sports team.

There is ample room for improvement in college athletics. Student athletes
should be expected to graduate as readily as other students. Very few of these
kids will go on to professional sports. Shouldn't they get degrees to allow them
other career opportunities?

I have great respect for those students who give so much time to their sport and
still pass their courses. They work very hard and bring great credit to their
schools. Why not give them a living stipend?

Athletes guilty of a crime, on the other hand, should lose their scholarships.

The NCAA should concern itself with the real issues of college athletics, not
the names of the teams.

TBO.com Keyword: Community Columnists, to read other recent columns.

Copyright © 2005, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: SATURDAY FORUM

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2005 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              405 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             July 19, 2005 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Mayor Baker Helps Midtown While Uhurus Only Make Noise

SECTION: NATION/WORLD; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 347 words


Only about 40 people turned out to watch the president of the Uhuru Movement
launch his candidacy for St. Petersburg City Council with a Sunday morning
protest in front of Mayor Rick Baker's home.

The rude stunt attracted media attention, but the public mostly ignored Dwight
"Chimurenga" Waller, who has been trounced both times he has run for office
because he has nothing constructive to say.

Sunday, for instance, while trying to demean Baker for having a nice house,
Waller accused the mayor of ignoring the city's disadvantaged Midtown area.

He failed to note that Baker has invested considerable time and energy into
reviving Midtown, probably equal to his devotion to downtown development.

Soon after his election, Baker began meeting with the people of Midtown and
engaging them in potential solutions for uplifting the neighborhood. He also
created a deputy mayor position for Midtown and gave the job to former police
chief Goliath Davis.

He then pressed hard -- and successfully -- to secure a Sweetbay store for
Midtown. He even got his friend Gov. Jeb Bush to make persuasive calls to the
grocery chain.

That's not all. The list of developments recently completed or under way in
Midtown also includes:

* A 20,000-square-foot clinic.

* The redeveloped Dome Industrial Park.

* The St. Petersburg College campus on 22nd Street.

* The new Royal Theater.

* A 200-seat performing arts center run by the Boys and Girls Club.

* An African-American history museum.

* The reconstruction of the Manhattan Casino, which had been a dance club.

The mayor has worked to clean up parks, build more playgrounds and develop
partnerships with schools. He has urged the entire city staff to mentor poor
children needing assistance.

What does Waller offer? Demands for handouts and tirades that lack solutions. In
other words, a lot of hot air.

Baker is a focused, disciplined leader who is making a difference in Midtown. He
deserves better than Waller's showboating stunt and wrongheaded claims.

Copyright © 2005, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: OUR OPINION

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2005 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              406 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              November 3, 1998, Tuesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

The BCS comes DOA

BYLINE: HUBERT MIZELL

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 648 words



Just as I was thinking the BCS was devoid of common sense, the Bogus Crap  Shoot
did the right thing Monday by demoting the twice-scared UCLA Bruins from  first
place to third.

Still, it's a crock.

Educated guesses, calculated via a computerized system that neither Lee  Corso
nor Bill Gates understands, are a prime element in booking college  football's
so-called national championship game.

Sing it, Peggy Lee!

Is that all there is?

For now, the nominees are Ohio State and Tennessee. Nobody should demean  either
the Buckeyes or the Vols, but the NCAA party is too restricted. In the  BCS era,
every bowl but the Fiesta becomes a wallflower.

It is fraudulent, if not felonious based on the newest Bogus Crap Shoot
stacking, to systematically deny Kansas State (8-0) or UCLA (7-0). Seemingly
eliminated, despite unbeaten records, are Wisconsin (8-0), Arkansas (7-0) and
Tulane (7-0).

So much unfairness.

We live in a republic based on second chances, for habitual criminals as  well
as presidents with bad habits. Why then should Florida (7-1), FSU (8-1)  and
Texas A&M (8-1) be all but purged due to September stumbles?

What if, after blowing a game to lowly N.C. State, the 'Noles had won
everything by an average of 40 points? Would it matter? UCLA, right now,  should
be ranked no higher than sixth, having slipped past Oregon in overtime  and
getting lucky in a near-upset by puny Stanford.

One negative is that coaches are all but encouraged to run up scores. If  you're
a BCS stud who is strangling a lowly South Carolina or Illinois by  37-3, there
should be no added national championship incentive for fattening  the kill to
57-3.

Bogus Crap Shoot is a lousy if well-bankrolled idea. If this were election  day
in college football, I'm betting 99 percent of fans would say yes to  legitimate
playoffs.

Self-serving bowl promoters are needlessly afraid of introducing "January
Madness." Many of their games would be greatly enhanced rather than hurt.
Conference henchmen have been BCS-brainwashed. TV execs are shy of courage.
They should demand playoffs.

Sadly, minority rules.

It is time for us to play dirty. At least with our attitudes. I'm rooting  for
the BCS to implode. To that end, I'm hoping for a boring, bumbling,  well-booed
Fiesta Bowl, ending with a 2-0 score and a widely doubted champion.

Anything to aid the cause.

Elsewhere, to further boost momentum for a real championship playoff, I  would
like to see another bowl, probably the Rose or Orange or Sugar, generate  a
truly deserving national contender that plays with dominating, mesmerizing
excellence.

Fueling the argument.

Which would you prefer, the BCS system that force-feeds us Two for the  Money,
or a bona fide eight-school playoff covering three weekends and  involving seven
different bowls. We'll even base our plan on this weekend's  Bogus Crap Shoot
rankings.

Just imagine    In the first round, there would be four games in four  bowls.
We'll place Ohio State (now No. 1) in the Outback Bowl against  Wisconsin (No.
8). Is that okay, Tampa? In the Cotton Bowl, make it Tennessee  (2) playing
Texas A&M (7).

In the other openers, the marriages would be UCLA (3) dancing with Florida
State (6) in the Sugar Bowl, plus Kansas State (4) meeting the Florida Gators
(5) in the Citrus Bowl.

Are we doing okay?

A week later, there would be national semifinals. Football's Final Four,
putting the Buckeyes-Badgers winner in the Rose Bowl against the
Bruins-Seminoles victor, with the Gators-Wildcats winner meeting the
Vols-Aggies survivor in the Orange.

Week three: the Fiesta big one.

Will some NCAA wizard or TV genius or bowl boss tell me such a playoff  could
not be sold for twice the money while generating 10 times the audience?  Duh!
Ever heard of the NCAA basketball tournament?

BCS makes me ill.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                              407 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 15, 1997, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Good-Will Divorce Is California's Rule

SECTION: Section A; Page 22; Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 134 words



To the Editor:

" 'Shareholder' Model Demeans Marriage" (letter, Dec. 11) questions the division
of assets in the divorce of Lorna and Gary Wendt. That decision -- approximately
60-40 in favor of the wage earner -- looks especially wise when compared with
some California cases.

Under California community property rules, all marital assets are split 50-50.

For celebrities, courts also believe they have identified an intangible asset
called "good will." That, too, is split 50-50, but since good will stays with
the celebrity, the other spouse invariably gets extra cash. The result is
something like 40-60 against the earner.

No wonder prenuptial agreements are the custom in this part of the country.

JONATHAN D. KAUFELT
Los Angeles, Dec. 11, 1997

The writer is a lawyer.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              408 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   August 7, 1994, SUNDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

DEBATE ON JOCKEY LAWN ORNAMENTS TAKES TWIST; MINISTER COMPLAINS THAT SOME ARE
PAINTED WHITE

BYLINE: Michael Dougan 1994, San Francisco Examiner

SECTION: WAR PAGE; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 683 words

DATELINE: TIBURON, CALIF.


IT'S AN OLD story with a surprising twist: Black minister decries the public
display of lawn jockeys - because they are not black!

Lawn jockeys are the small cast-iron statues of blacks once found at the
entrance to colonnaded homes and country clubs throughout the South and
elsewhere. They have long been condemned as racist artifacts from an era when
whites kept blacks in their places.

Not so, says the Rev. Jerry Buckner of the Tiburon Christian Fellowship. Tiburon
is a town of 2,000, and fewer than 1 percent of the residents are black.

Buckner, who is black, wants the four white lawn jockeys along Tiburon's Main
Street repainted their original color.

He says black lawn jockeys were intended to honor - not demean - the real black
jockeys who dominated American horse racing in the latter part of the 19th
century.

"All of the original first jockeys were black, and most people aren't even aware
of that fact," Buckner said last week.

He noted that the first 13 winners of the Kentucky Derby - beginning with Oliver
Lewis in 1875 - were blacks who often owned the horses they rode.

Those who protest against the display of black lawn jockeys are "historically
illiterate," Buckner said.

Tiburon's lawn jockeys were black until 1984, when a professor from the
University of California at Berkeley complained in a letter printed in the Ark,
Tiburon's newspaper.

Ed Zelinsky, a white landlord who owns most of downtown and had placed the
figures around Tiburon, responded by repainting the statues a pale Caucasian
pink.

"I did it to make everybody happy," a bewildered Zelinsky said last week. "We
were not trying to offend anybody. They're colorful, you know. It adds a little
bit of charm to the place."

But Kerry Pierson is not charmed. Pierson, a black activist from Mill Valley,
Calif., said he always considered the metal jockeys disturbing, despite their
racial transformation.

"I called (Zelinsky) five or six months ago, and I offered to buy the jockeys to
destroy them," Pierson said, adding that Zelinsky had declined the purchase
offer.

"I found them that offensive. It's like taking Aunt Jemima and painting her
white. What difference does it make?"

Douglas Congdon-Martin, the Pennsylvania-based author of "Images in Black: 150
Years of Black Collectibles," said he assumed that the jockeys, which originally
were used as hitching posts for horses, "were of racist origin. I thought that
these were stable boys or something."

So did Aissatoui Vernita, curator of the Ebony Museum of black culture in
Oakland's Jack London Square. "Of course they're racist," she said.

But Lynn Renau, a former curator of the Kentucky Derby Museum in Louisville,
said Buckner's version was correct.

"By the early 1800s, the top jockeys universally were black," Renau said.

"After the end of the Civil War, for the last quarter of the 19th century, they
were highly regarded. They were very well-paid. They were sports heroes."

Lawn jockeys, sold through mail-order catalogs, honored the black riders, Renau
said. "If you weren't rich enough to afford to have a black jockey ride your
horse, this was the best you could get."

After the turn of the century "the (Ku Klux) Klan managed effectively to wipe
black jockeys off the track," Renau said, and white jockeys - long considered
less skilled and less honest than their black counterparts - took over racing.

But activist Pierson contends that, regardless of their origin, lawn jockeys
have become for blacks a form of "degradation art. You usually find them at
country clubs and private clubs. What they represent to black people is that,
when you pass through a portal where those little jockeys are, you are passing
into the pre-Civil War era, and you can expect to be treated as such."

Buckner said he would like Zelinsky to repaint the Tiburon lawn jockeys black
and attach plaques explaining their historical significance.

"I'd have no objection," Zelinsky said. "If (Buckner) wants to do that, it's
fine, but then we might have some other people say they don't want them black."

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              409 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      July 27, 1997, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

READERS' LETTERS;
Hispanics pioneered

BYLINE: Fred Rosas, Lawrenceville

SECTION: EXTRA; Pg. 09J

LENGTH: 739 words


I was amused by the letter written by Andrea Baker, "Blacks improved lives of
all minorities." On behalf of Hispanics, she thanks blacks for our "enjoyment of
opportunities" and apologizes for our nonparticipation in the struggle for civil
rights. On the contrary, Mexican-Americans in the Southwest, especially Texas,
have been in the struggle for civil rights since the incorporation of the
Southwestern states into the Union. Schools were integrated and all public
facilities were accessible by the mid-1940s. In the 1950s, Hispanics had total
access to public facilities in the Southeastern United States while blacks still
had "separate but equal" status. We paved the roads for Hispanics that followed.
Blacks in the Southeast were the major force for change to a more equal society,
and the major beneficiaries.

Screening sensible
By Tom Lockhart, Lawrenceville

In this diatribe (July 11 column), Elliott Brack is again trying to demean the
Republican Party and its leaders and members. He is apparently opposed to the
screening of candidates for offices of responsibility. This is not surprising,
as his party has shown little responsibility in the s selection of the
candidates who would lead the county, should one ever get elected.

It is true that recently not one Democrat has gotten close to winning a
responsible office in the county. Could this be because Democrats do n not
believe in screening their candidates, and the people of Gwinnett realize the
GOP has selected the "right" type of person to fill the office they are seeking?

As to finding a person who openly admits to being a Democrat, he seems to hold
himself out to be the consummate Democrat. That in itself is enough to make one
vote Republican, as all his articles have seemingly t tried to vilify all
Republicans. He even suggested that the people of Gwinnett go to the polls and
vote for President Clinton, when he was not opposed. Talk about needing to
screen people.

It would seem to me that if the Democrats wanted to get someone elected to
office in Gwinnett County they might be successful if they screened the
applicants for honesty, integrity, morality and dedication to the county or
country they serve. Otherwise, you will inevitably suffer t the consequences of
electing someone like William Jefferson Clinton.

Who's bigoted?
By Jennifer Toombs

I was saddened by two recent letters to the editor regarding Gwinnett Chairman
Wayne Hill's new library appointment, Ann MacLeod. The letter writers took issue
with the fact that the chairman called his appointee a "strong Christian lady."
Letter writer Steve Taylor said Jews, Muslims and other non-Christians should
take note.

I believe Chairman Hill's comment implied that Mrs. MacLeod possessed the same
Judeo-Christian values on which our country was founded - ---honesty, integrity,
patriotism, love of fellow human beings, etc. In all my contact with Gwinnett's
diverse religious community, I've yet to find anyone who doesn't claim to
embrace these same values. In addition, I've found most citizens of all
religious viewpoints to be very tolerant of one another. It is unfair to imply
that "Jews, Muslims and other non-Christians" in Gwinnett would object to a
political appointment merely because she is of a different faith. Perhaps it is,
in reality, Mr. T Taylor who is bigoted and intolerant.

Then there was letter writer Edward Cragin. He chastised the media for revealing
Mrs. MacLeod's religious affiliation and he chastised Mrs. MacLeod for allowing
them to do so. Mr. Cragin is unfamiliar with the modern workings of the press. A
Christian, or any other interviewee, for that matter, doesn't typically have
input as to the content of an article. . . . To imply that either the media or
Mrs. MacLeod was remiss for not c concealing her religious affiliation is
absurd.

As for Mrs. MacLeod, I have not yet had the privilege of meeting her. I welcome
her to the Gwinnett County library board and look forward to w working together
to resolve the complex issues that have plagued our community. I hope she will
take heart in the fact that most Gwinnett citizens will base their judgment on
her official library board-related actions. Thanks to Mrs. MacLeod for her
willingness to serve, and to Chairman Hill for appointing someone he believes
will be a "solution seeker."

Toombs is a member of the Gwinnett Library Board of Trustees.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                              410 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 30, 1993, Friday, Late Edition - Final

College Bans on Faculty-Student Romance Demean Women

SECTION: Section A; Page 30; Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 232 words



To the Editor:

I find it astonishing that the very institutions that stand for freedom and
diversity of thought -- our colleges and universities -- now seek to ban certain
types of personal relations between adults ("Love or Harassment? Campuses Bar
(and Debate) Faculty-Student Sex," Education page, April 14).

What is so special about the relationship between a graduate student or
professor and an adult student? Certainly the power of the former over the
latter is trivial compared with the power that, say, a factory manager has over
an assembly-line worker. Why have our colleges and universities gone far beyond
other environments in proscribing certain relationships?

The tone in which this issue is discussed is demeaning to women in that it
assumes a relationship between a female student and a male faculty member must
be sinister. If the young women of today are so unable to reject unwanted
advances from faculty members (who, after all, can only give them a low grade),
how will they fare once they graduate and encounter men who have real power over
them?

My husband and I met at the University of Chicago when I was a student and he an
associate professor. Our 11-year-old daughter would find it incredible that a
relationship like ours could have consequences today if brought to the
university's attention!

BARBARA S. KARNI
Baltimore, April 26, 1993

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              411 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 June 15, 1998, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

BOWMAN IS REACHING TOWARD CUP MILESTONE;
RED WINGS' 'QUIRKY' COACH IS ON MARK FOR EIGHTH TITLE

BYLINE: Dave Luecking; Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: SPORTS, Pg. C1

LENGTH: 829 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Scotty Bowman is one victory away from matching the National Hockey League
record of his idol, Toe Blake, for most Stanley Cups won by a coach.

A victory Tuesday night in Game 4 would give the Detroit Red Wings a sweep over
the Washington Capitals and Bowman his eighth Stanley Cup as a coach.

But, please, don't compare Bowman and Blake, at least not around Bowman.

"I look at it this way," Bowman said. "He coached only 13 years in the league
and won eight Stanley Cups. I don't know if anybody can ever equal that, or even
get close to it. So, I don't think there is really much comparison.

"I've coached 26 years in the league. He coached 13. They had only six teams and
two (playoff) series when he was coaching, but they had the best players in the
world on those six teams. I'm not trying to demean my own accomplishments . . .
but I don't think there is a big significance. I've been in the league so long
compared to (him)."

True enough. Lyndon Johnson was the President of the United States when Bowman
became coach of the St. Louis Blues in 1967. Bill Clinton is the seventh
president to serve the country since then. That's one president for each of
Bowman's Stanley Cup rings to date.

Perhaps more impressive than Bowman's collection of Stanley Cup rings - one for
each of his five children and his wife, with one left over for himself - is his
longevity. Bowman has coached in four decades - from the '60s to the '90s.

"I started when I was very young and everybody else was old," Bowman quipped.
"Now I'm old and everybody else is young."

Bowman, 64, is signed to coach the Red Wings for at least one more season and
needs only a half-season beyond that to coach into the next millennium, his
fifth decade.

"What's most impressive about Scotty is his ability to adjust over the years,"
Washington coach Ron Wilson said. "A lot of coaches are very regimented in how
they coach, but if you look at all of Scotty's teams - in St. Louis, Montreal,
Buffalo, Pittsburgh and Detroit - everyone of his teams has been different.

"Starting in the '60s and coaching through the '70s, '80s and into the '90s is a
tremendous accomplishment. He has been flexible enough to learn the different
things about the different generation of players. That is the true test of a
coach, the ability to be flexible, as far as I'm concerned."

The Red Wings have seen that flexibility. They appear to like Bowman, who has
rubbed many players the wrong way during his career. Some players, particularly
former Red Wings Dino Ciccarelli and Paul Coffey, have poked fun at Bowman's
eccentricity. In Pittsburgh, players dubbed Bowman "The Rainman," because of his
quirky nature.

But these Red Wings say they have "too much respect" for Bowman to denigrate
him.

"What's great about Scotty is that the guys in this dressing room are guys who
want to be here, and guys that he wants here to play for him," Detroit winger
Darren McCarty said. "What makes Scotty so good is that he's been able to adjust
over time. He's coached a lot of years, and he's adjusted to the players.

"He treats us great, but he expects a lot out of us. He's got our ear. We know
that to be successful, we have to listen to him. We have no problem with that.
Everybody wants to be here playing for Scotty Bowman."

Bowman has coached the Red Wings for five seasons, the longest current tenure
among NHL coaches. He took over a high-flying offensive team and gave them a
defensive conscience. Offensive players such as captain Steve Yzerman, Sergei
Fedorov and Brendan Shanahan have sacrificed offensive statistics to help the
Red Wings become one of the best defensive teams in the NHL.

"It has been stressed to us that you have to be responsible defensively," said
Yzerman, a former 60-goal scorer who scored 24 this season. "Our main objective
going on the ice is to be solid defensively, not allow any scoring chances, and
keep our goals-against average down."

This approach has given the Red Wings the chance to become the first team to
repeat as Stanley Cup champions since Bowman led the Penguins to their second
successive title in 1992. That year, he replaced Bob Johnson as coach after
Johnson was stricken with brain cancer.

The Red Wings have been to the finals three times in the last four years, and
they haven't lost a game since New Jersey swept them in the 1995 finals. One
more win and Bowman will have his eighth Stanley Cup and his 32nd victory in the
finals, tying him on the career list with Blake and Dick Irvin, the only man
other than Bowman to win the Stanley Cup with three teams.

With 16 appearances in the finals, Irvin is the only man to coach in more finals
than Bowman, who is in his 12th final. Bowman may downplay the significance of
his records, but his opponent does not.

"Scotty's record is amazing," Wilson said. "This is his 12th final, and he has
won seven times. That's unbelievable. I'm trying to win once, and that's
incredible."

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (1) Photo by the Associated Press - Scotty Bowman can match
legendary coach Toe Blake with his eighth Stanley Cup title as a coach.
 (2) Graphic logos - Red Wings logo, Capitals logo

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              412 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            August 1, 2013 Thursday

Letters to the Lamorinda Sun -- Naming area bridges; support for
trap-neuter-return of feral cats

BYLINE: Lamorinda Sun

SECTION: MY TOWN; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 405 words


How about a highway named for a woman?

This may be throwing sand into your sandwich, but naming of highways and bridges
after politicians is moving from the silly to the ridiculous. I mean, really,
why should the Benicia Bridge be named after George Miller? Is it just because
he has been re-elected to Congress every two years for what seems like half of
his life?

And how do you like the roll-off-your-tongue sound of "Mineta San Jose
International Airport?" Not to demean any of the men (and they are all men)
mentioned in Gary Peterson's article, but I am guessing that somehow, the
"powers-that-be" will resist naming the Bay Bridge, Golden Gate Bridge and San
Francisco Airport after a person.

Of course, I could be wrong ... the Nancy Pelosi/Barbara Lee San
Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge might be right around the corner.

Bill Fraser

Lafayette

Mass euthanasia of feral cats is unacceptable

As a veterinarian involved in the trap, neuter, and return of feral cats, I feel
compelled to respond to the number of recent letters decrying this practice.

Even if we were to assume that our efforts had only a minimal effect in the face
of such a huge problem, there are still other reasons why I and many others are
so passionate about this practice.

I would remind the detractors about the story adapted from Loren Eiseley's "The
Star Thrower," when an old man walking along a beach asked a young girl why she
kept throwing starfish from the beach back into the water.

" 'But young lady, do you not realize that there are miles and miles of beach
and starfish all along it? You cannot possibly make a difference.'

The young woman listened politely and then bent down, picked up another starfish
and threw it into the sea, past the breaking waves, saying 'It made a difference
for that one'."

In a similar manner, we are a relatively small group of people doing the best we
can in the face of an overpopulation of "starfish." If more people would join
us, our efforts would have an even bigger impact.

But perhaps more importantly, there is an ethical issue in play here. Euthanasia
is one of the hardest parts of my job, even in cases where it really is the
final and kindest option. We have a hard enough time filling our ranks for
trap-neuter-return, so I can only imagine the difficulty in finding people
willing to be part of the mass euthanasia of cats. Society would not (and should
not) accept such a program.

Thomas Hansen, DVM

Walnut Creek

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              413 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            August 1, 2013 Thursday

Letters to the Lamorinda Sun -- Naming area bridges; support for
trap-neuter-return of feral cats

BYLINE: Lamorinda Sun

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 405 words


How about a highway named for a woman?

This may be throwing sand into your sandwich, but naming of highways and bridges
after politicians is moving from the silly to the ridiculous. I mean, really,
why should the Benicia Bridge be named after George Miller? Is it just because
he has been re-elected to Congress every two years for what seems like half of
his life?

And how do you like the roll-off-your-tongue sound of "Mineta San Jose
International Airport?" Not to demean any of the men (and they are all men)
mentioned in Gary Peterson's article, but I am guessing that somehow, the
"powers-that-be" will resist naming the Bay Bridge, Golden Gate Bridge and San
Francisco Airport after a person.

Of course, I could be wrong ... the Nancy Pelosi/Barbara Lee San
Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge might be right around the corner.

Bill Fraser

Lafayette

Mass euthanasia of feral cats is unacceptable

As a veterinarian involved in the trap, neuter, and return of feral cats, I feel
compelled to respond to the number of recent letters decrying this practice.

Even if we were to assume that our efforts had only a minimal effect in the face
of such a huge problem, there are still other reasons why I and many others are
so passionate about this practice.

I would remind the detractors about the story adapted from Loren Eiseley's "The
Star Thrower," when an old man walking along a beach asked a young girl why she
kept throwing starfish from the beach back into the water.

" 'But young lady, do you not realize that there are miles and miles of beach
and starfish all along it? You cannot possibly make a difference.'

The young woman listened politely and then bent down, picked up another starfish
and threw it into the sea, past the breaking waves, saying 'It made a difference
for that one'."

In a similar manner, we are a relatively small group of people doing the best we
can in the face of an overpopulation of "starfish." If more people would join
us, our efforts would have an even bigger impact.

But perhaps more importantly, there is an ethical issue in play here. Euthanasia
is one of the hardest parts of my job, even in cases where it really is the
final and kindest option. We have a hard enough time filling our ranks for
trap-neuter-return, so I can only imagine the difficulty in finding people
willing to be part of the mass euthanasia of cats. Society would not (and should
not) accept such a program.

Thomas Hansen, DVM

Walnut Creek

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              414 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             March 8, 1992, Sunday

NBA NOTEBOOK: AILENE VOISIN Thorn to look into Nelson's discrimination charge

BYLINE: By Ailene Voisinsports; basketball; personalities; discrimination

SECTION: SPORTS; Section F; Page 3

LENGTH: 1490 words


Though clearly skeptical, and his voice bristling with anger, NBA vice president
Rod Thorn nonetheless said he is investigating Golden State coach Don Nelson's
charge that a handful of referees are discriminating against Warriors sixth man
Sarunas Marciulionis, mistakenly assuming he is Russian.

Marciulionis, a Lithuanian, enlisted Nelson's aid following a series of
collisions that have left him slowed by shoulder and knee injuries. Particularly
upset after being hammered by Seattle's Benoit Benjamin - and with no foul
assessed to the 7-foot center - Marciulionis said, "We're all part of same show,
right? They [refs] have to respect me. I respect them."

Nelson's complaint to Thorn was prompted days later when Ed Middleton called
Marciulionis for double-dribbling, then cracked, "Maybe you can do that in
Russia, but not here." Onlookers say Middleton was joking, but Nelson - aware of
Marciulionis's sensitivity in light of recent political developments - claims
this was yet another example of bias against the third-year guard. Nelson's
major gripe is that some of the officials "look the other way on hard fouls."
This, despite the fact Marciulionis, often overpowering on his repeated drives
down the lane, goes to the line more often per minutes played than anyone except
Utah's Karl Malone.

Though a close friend of Nelson's, Thorn reportedly blistered the coach and is
considering a major fine unless his findings support the charge. "It's not fair
to demean 53 people [referees]," he said, noting that Nelson refuses to identify
the suspects.

Some sense this is another of Nelson's pre-playoff tactical ploys, but several
others close to the situation insist that - accurately or otherwise - Nelson
sincerely believes the accusations are legitimate. He also has been visibly
depressed the past several days and stunned that, as he perceives it, his
integrity is being questioned.

VOLKOV CHIPS IN: The Atlanta Hawks' Alexander Volkov, the only Russian competing
in the NBA, said he has discussed the matter with Marciulionis on numerous
occasions, and in fact supported his former Olympic teammate and long-time
friend.

But as for charges of bias? Volkov doesn't see it.

"Maybe I tell [Marciulionis], 'Yes, yes,' to support him," said Volkov, "but he
is very physical player. I think everybody get fouled, they feel, sometimes not
called. Got to blame someone. Sometimes even I think, 'Yeah, maybe because I
from Russia.' But referees, they miss things, and Sharus is much, much physical
player. Maybe, maybe . . . but very hard to believe. I don't think so."

A NEW FAN: Former President Richard Nixon attended his first NBA game, a
Knicks-Timberwolves contest at Madison Square Garden. Though pestered throughout
by autograph seekers - including the Memphis State pom-pon girls - Nixon
willingly met the press afterward in the Knicks' locker room.

"I was really very impressed," he said. "I realize we don't see it [NBA] on
television enough. You've got to see it in person to appreciate how really good
they are, how exciting it is. The crowd, you know, gives you a feel for it . . .
and the Memphis State pom-pon girls weren't bad, either."

Nixon went on to predict that, "With [coach Pat] Riley here, and it's just not
[center Patrick] Ewing, the Knicks have a very solid group of players here.
There's no question that they're going to go all the way."

Well, consider the source.

BLAZERS REBUT: Coach Rick Adelman's preseason plan to transform the Portland
Trail Blazers' image as the league's biggest bunch of "whiners" to one of the
more mentally resilient clubs was moving along nicely until last week's visit to
Chicago.

Drat those Bulls. After the blowout loss, Adelman chafed at Michael Jordan's
critique that the Blazers "have more athletic ability than we do, but to win,
you have to play smart." Fumed Adelman, "I would love to see the ending [of the
Bulls' loss to the Cavaliers]. I just wonder how smart the Bulls were that
night."

The coach instead cites the season-long slumps of Terry Porter (from 51.5
percent shooting last year to 45.8), Kevin Duckworth (48.1 to 44), Jerome Kersey
(scoring down to 13.0) and Danny Ainge (45 to 43 percent) for his club's
inability to distance itself from the Warriors and Suns.

TEMPER, TEMPER: Sacramento Kings coach Rex Hughes is discovering that temperance
and coaching - or at least coaching the Kings - may be incompatible. As he
walked off the court following a recent loss at Arco Arena, Hughes reportedly
cursed the visiting Warriors, then pointed his finger at the team publicist,
Julie Marvel, and screamed an obscene suggestion.

Kings president Gregg Lukenbill apologized the following day and suggested
Hughes calm down if he hoped to retain his job.

Hughes admitted swearing at the Warriors but denied cursing Marvel, though
members of both organizations claim otherwise. "Go ahead and interpret this any
way you want," said Hughes, a former Hawks assistant, "but I don't have any
problem with my temper, my demeanor or my ability to control the team."

You make the call. Hughes has received a league-leading 13 technicals in 34
games.

AROUND THE LEAGUE: Boston's Larry Bird continues to wear a back brace during
games, perhaps to serve as a reminder against ill-advised behavior such as
diving onto the floor, over chairs, into the stands, etc. Against the Orlando
Magic on Wednesday, Bird also received a cautionary "Easy, Larry," from coach
Chris Ford as he started to dive after a loose ball. Bird held up and quipped to
reporters, "No, not this year." . . . The answering machine at the Volkovs'
greets callers with a message in English, followed by one in Russian . . .
Before his firing spoiled the plans, then-Houston coach Don Chaney intended to
showcase third guard Sleepy Floyd before the trade deadline, and then if no deal
was consummated, bench the veteran in favor of Dave Jamerson for the remainder
of the season. But, alas, Chaney is out and Rockets coach Rudy Tomjanovich has
opted for Floyd over Jamerson. "I told Sleepy he's getting a clean slate," said
Tomjanovich. "He's a veteran, and I believe veterans should get the first shot
when a coaching change is made." Both Floyd and Kenny Smith, who also has
struggled following a much-improved 1990-91 season, have responded through seven
games. Smith's numbers in particular have jumped, from 14 points, six assists,
and 46 percent shooti

Players Association executive director Charles Grantham is concerned about the
dwindling number of black head coaches. With Chaney's firing and K.C. Jones's
ouster in Seattle earlier in the season, only the Cavs' Lenny Wilkens and
Bullets' Wes Unseld remain so employed. (There were five black head coaches in
1988.) "It bothers me that for years the league has prided itself on its
willingness to hire minorities to key positions," said Grantham, "and while I
think this is still the goal of the league office, I wonder if this thinking is
beginning to disappear at the local team levels. I wonder if we are reversing
ourselves."

Miami Heat officials ended their pursuit of the Bullets' John Williams when the
not-so-svelte forward tipped the scales at 322 pounds just prior to the trade
deadline. . . . More big news: After hearing rookie Stanley Roberts last week
credit his recent conditioning program for his sudden improvement, Magic coach
Matty Guokas deadpanned, "That's nice. It's almost March." . . . While the
Lakers would have preferred to re-sign Vlade Divac during the offseason for
salary cap purposes, they moved quickly (six years, $ 19.5 million) upon
learning teams in Spain and Italy were on the verge of offering lucrative,
multiyear deals. . . . The Timberwolves' Pooh Richardson is so sure of an
offseason trade that he canceled his annual charity All-Star game.

This is a first: Clippers forward Charles Smith had to be persuaded to shoot
following his return from a nine-game absence due to a sore knee. The West Coast
answer to Kevin McHale (a.k.a. The Black Hole - the ball goes in, but it never
comes back out), Smith said he was reluctant to disrupt the team's sudden
"flow." Meanwhile, now that all four forwards are healthy, Clippers coach Larry
Brown will get his first true test. . . . A similar situation confronts Nets
coach Bill Fitch, who seemingly can't keep any of his point guards happy. The
latest complaint has been registered by Tate George, who can't understand why he
should share minutes with Kenny Anderson. Fitch? "Somebody's going to be unhappy
every night. Just as long as it's not me." . . . Dikembe Mutombo's lock on
Rookie of the Year honors is no longer. The Nuggets' center began his recent
slump with a poor performance in The Omni two weeks ago and has relinquished the
rookie scoring lead to top challenger Larry Johnson. The No. 1 pick of the
Hornets, Johnson also is shooting 50 percent to Mutombo's 45 and easily
outdistances him in assists.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo: Sarunas Marciulionis photo: Alexander Volkov photo: Richard
Nixon

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              415 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 21, 2012 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Fourth-Quarter Problems Leave Lakers Frustrated

BYLINE: By HOWARD BECK

SECTION: Section D; Column 0; Sports Desk; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 745 words


LOS ANGELES -- The hour was late, the arena had emptied and Kobe Bryant's roar
had been reduced to a low murmur.

For eight taut minutes Saturday night, Bryant tried to sustain the Los Angeles
Lakers through the sheer force of his jump shot. When that failed, he turned the
aggression toward his teammates.

''The other guys,'' Bryant said quietly, pointedly, ''got to be more aggressive.
Simple as that.''

It was a message meant to rally the troops, not demean them, but Bryant's
seething frustration -- telegraphed after a 103-100 loss to the Oklahoma City
Thunder -- sounded more like a desperate last gasp.

The Lakers blew a 13-point fourth-quarter lead Saturday, their second collapse
in this second-round playoff series, leaving them with a 3-1 deficit and the
possibility of being eliminated Monday night in Oklahoma City.

In the aftermath, Bryant chided teammates for turning meek and tentative in
crunch time, particularly Pau Gasol, whose late turnover led directly to Kevin
Durant's winning 3-pointer.

''Pau's got to be more assertive,'' Bryant said. ''He's the guy that they're
leaving. When he catches the ball, he's looking to pass. He's got to be
aggressive. He's got to shoot the ball, he's got to drive the ball to the
basket, and he will be the next game.''

Whether out of necessity or a lack of confidence in his teammates, Bryant took
the bulk of the shots in the fourth quarter. He went 2 for 10, as most of his
attempts were well contested by Durant or James Harden.

While Bryant misfired, the Thunder rallied from a 91-78 deficit, tying the game
at 96-96 on a fadeaway jumper by Durant with 1 minute 54 seconds to play. The
score was tied again at 98-98 with about a minute left when Gasol committed the
gaffe that may forever define this series.

He received the ball from Bryant just outside the lane about 8 feet from the
rim, with a clear look at the basket. Gasol appeared to be partly into his
shooting motion when he instead flung the ball across the lane, where it was
picked off by Durant. Seconds later, Durant hit the 3-pointer that clinched the
game.

''Just a bad read on Pau's part,'' Bryant said. ''It happens.''

Bryant, who finished with 38 points, tried to match Durant's shot, but his
sideways 3-point try missed, forcing the Lakers to foul. Harden put the game
away with two free throws.

''Obviously, if I could have gone back, maybe I could have shot it, and I would
have,'' Gasol said. ''But it's one play, obviously at a critical time, but I
don't feel like we lost the game on one turnover. There's plenty of bad plays or
mistakes in the fourth.''

The Lakers had built their lead partly on the strength of their big men, with
Gasol and Andrew Bynum combining for 28 points, 14 rebounds and 6 blocks. But
Gasol did not take a shot in the final period, and Bynum attempted only two, as
the Thunder dedicated their defense to taking away the inside game. They
frequently fronted Bynum in the post, forcing the Lakers to look elsewhere,
usually to Bryant, who was also well guarded. The person who was left open,
Bryant said, was Gasol.

''The shots that I took were tough shots,'' Bryant acknowledged, adding: ''So
either we got to free myself up to get better looks in the fourth quarter, or
other guys got to be aggressive. One or the other.''

While Bryant pointed at Gasol, and others fixated on Bryant's poor shooting,
Coach Mike Brown said the Lakers' real problem was defense. They surrendered 32
points in the fourth quarter -- 21 by Durant and Russell Westbrook, who have
easily been the two best players in the series.

''We're all upset and extremely frustrated,'' Bryant said, ''but I don't think
anybody's particularly worried about going to OKC and getting a win.''

The Lakers' confidence and doubts stem from the same place: they had a 7-point
lead with two minutes left in Game 2, and a 13-point lead with eight minutes to
go in Game 4. They could easily be leading by 3-1 instead of trailing. But their
late gaffes only underscore the problem. The Thunder, despite their youth, have
been cooler, smarter and more precise in critical moments.

Durant and Westbrook, two of the game's brightest young stars, are now a victory
from their second straight Western Conference finals. The Lakers are one defeat
from their second straight semifinal flameout. A loss would bring quick
recriminations, including a possible trade of Gasol.

At 33, Bryant has a narrowing window for securing a sixth championship ring, and
his patience is wearing thin.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Kobe Bryant's dissatisfaction showed in Game 4 Saturday as his
team blew a late lead. (PHOTOGRAPH BY PAUL BUCK/EUROPEAN PRESSPHOTO AGENCY)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              416 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                              June 7, 2004 Monday
                                  City Edition

Wherry vote into Hall of Fame should stand

BYLINE: DAN WHERRY, For the Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 528 words

DATELINE: Lincoln, NE


The election of U.S. Sen. Kenneth Wherry into the Nebraska Hall of Fame has
provoked criticism of this able senator for the first time since his death 53
years ago.

Certain select individuals are using false facts, innuendo and unproven claims
to demean Wherry's achievements in the furtherance of their own political
purposes. Their accusations are untrue and border on being libelous.

Despite these allegations, the Hall of Fame Commission selected Wherry, who,
they believed, met the statutory selection criteria more completely than any of
the other candidates.

The Commission followed the procedures set out in the statute. They voted by
ballot, as they have since 1961, only to learn later that Nebraska law requires
a roll call vote.

Even if votes are recast, Wherry's selection should stand.

The criteria for selection to the Nebraska Hall of Fame provide that "a nominee
must have been dead for at least thirty-five years to be considered.

"A person shall have been born in Nebraska, have lived a significant part of his
or her life in Nebraska, or made a contribution to society that was affected by
his or her residence in Nebraska.

"Activities that have added to the welfare of society and to the reputation of
the state shall be weighed more heavily than activities primarily benefiting the
individual himself or herself."

Wherry fulfilled the requirements more completely than any other candidate.

He was born and raised in Pawnee City.

He was educated in the state and was a graduate of the University of Nebraska.

He lived and worked in Nebraska as a businessman, a lawyer and a mortician his
whole life.

His significant contributions to his community, his state, his nation and the
world received wide recognition.

Wherry was a true son of Nebraska and never strayed from his firmly planted
prairie roots.

In the United States Senate, his lasting contributions included creation of the
Air Force, the Pick Sloan Flood Control and Irrigation Projects and Wherry
Housing for the military.

He promoted agriculture in the Midwest with large-scale irrigation projects.

The Strategic Air Command (now Strat Com) was headquartered in Omaha because of
Wherry's efforts, and it still contributes greatly to Nebraska's economy in the
greater Omaha region.

He also sponsored the Presidential Succession Act and the term limits
Constitutional amendment, both still in effect today.

Probably Wherry's most remarkable achievement was his unsurpassed rise to
leadership in the United States Senate, which has been unmatched by any other
Senator in our nation's history.

In his very first term, he was elected the Senate Majority Whip and served as
Acting Majority Leader.

After winning re-election to his second term, Wherry was elected the leader of
his party and had that role until his untimely death from colon cancer.

He was the only Nebraskan - Republican or Democrat - ever elected as the leader
of his party in Congress.

Nebraskans can take pride in the Commission's decision to elevate Wherry to the
Nebraska Hall of Fame.

His selection honors the myriad accomplishments of a distinguished Nebraskan.

Thus, it deserves to stand.

Daniel E. Wherry of Lincoln is a nephew of Kenneth Wherry.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: b/w head photo of Dan Wherry.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              417 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            March 19, 2016 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Trump's parallel universe;
Politics 'There has not been anyone quite like Trump in a presidential campaign'
- TALKING POINT

BYLINE: BRUCE WOLPE -

SECTION: FORUM; Opinion; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 825 words


Within days of the launch of Donald J. Trump's presidential campaign last June,
he entered a parallel universe of his unique creation - a universe with its own
gravity and physics, where the normal laws of political thermodynamics do not
apply.

It was funny at first - a joke! - but it became deadly serious very quickly.
Trump could viciously criticise Senator John McCain, a Vietnam war hero who was
mercilessly tortured in Hanoi - and emerge unscathed by the anger of Republicans
and patriots.

He could slur Muslims, demean Hispanics as rapists and drug runners and threaten
millions of immigrants with deportation, denigrate women in appearance and
physiology, belittle his opponents with cruel characterisations ("Lying Ted
Cruz", "Little Marco"), attack Dr Ben Carson as having a serious mental illness,
and establish a new nadir of vulgarity and incivility in what was billed as a
Republican presidential debate.

That night set a new low in modern American politics; everyone needed a shower
afterwards. In the parallel universe of Donald J. Trump, atrocities can occur
without any implosion.

Imagine if Barack Obama, African American freshman senator, had addressed a
rally in 2008 and said, "I want to punch that guy in the face," or if he had
said that, if he was denied the nomination, there would be riots at the
convention as a result of his supporters being frustrated. What do you think
would have happened to Barack Obama's candidacy at that point? "Uppity" would
have been the first word in the epithet and his half-life as a nominee for
president would have been extinguished.

There has not been anyone quite like Trump in a presidential campaign.

There is in Trump a bit of Huey Long, the Louisiana populist who played on anger
during the Depression and led an uprising against the New Deal for not taking
care of the poor working classes; a touch of Joe McCarthy, the vicious
anti-communist; a bit of George Wallace, the segregationist Alabama governor;
and some of Barry Goldwater, the libertarian conservative insurgent.

It is these strands in a persona so narcissistic and megalomaniac, so out of
control, that is presenting the Republican Party with its most existential
crisis - terrifying a party leadership that believed it not only had the richest
field of credible contenders but a massive chance of recapturing the White House
after "eight failed years of Barack Obama".

Never before have the pillars of the conservative intelligentsia - George Will,
Michael Gerson, David Brooks, Bill Kristol, the editors of National Review -
been so united in their revulsion at a candidate who, they collectively believe,
will destroy the Republican Party - and turn the country over to the Democrats.

Indeed, it was Marco Rubio, the Cuban American Senator from Florida, who the
Democrats feared most. Younger, extremely articulate, with a powerful narrative
on national security, and with cross-cultural appeal - exactly the antidote for
a party that could not connect with Latinos in the past two presidential cycles
- who would transform the party and ensure its future. But the Ides of March
this week were cruel; Rubio was defenseless in his own state against the angry
rabble of working class white voters Trump has roused.

All of which leaves Hillary Clinton and the Democrats with quiet confidence but
some deep concerns about the Trump wild card. In the normal political universe,
Trump's extremism and fundamental unfitness for office should result in a
resounding defeat for Republicans, and threaten their majorities in Congress as
well.

Given America's evolving demographics as the country inexorably moves towards
being a majority-minority nation, with more than 50 per cent of the population
being non-white, Trump will need more of the white vote than even Mitt Romney
received four years ago.

And not even Romney believes that is possible - particularly if Republicans who
love their party stay home in protest.

But in the back of the minds of many in Washington is this: if there is, say, a
horrific attack on the homeland in September or October, might the demagogue
inflame fears to such an extent that the country clamours for the Big Man theory
of history in seeking vengeance and security?

Hillary Clinton will be the Democratic nominee. She has been strengthened by the
primary campaign against Bernie Sanders.

Many in Washington believed she could not come back - and she nailed it last
Tuesday.

She is now a better candidate. Sanders has driven the party to the Left on
economic issues; mission accomplished. And Clinton is beginning to benefit from
a dividend from Trump's parallel universe: that if the Republicans are going
over the cliff in an orgy of radical extremism - then America surely needs the
most experienced, capable, responsible and measured person to lead.

At least, that's the hope.

Bruce Wolpe was on the Democratic staff in Congress in President Obama's first
term. He supports Hillary Clinton's campaign.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              418 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              January 31, 1985, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

BLINKA, MICHAELS GLAD TO BE REUNITED



BYLINE:
By WILLIAM N. WALLACE

SECTION: Section B; Page 17, Column 5; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 663 words

DATELINE: ORLANDO, Fla., Jan. 30


Walt Michaels of the Generals has often been characterized as ''a players'
coach'' with an affinity for linebackers, because he once was one.

A players' coach is one who thinks and acts on behalf of his charges, defends
them from outside barbs and never demeans them in public or private.

Stan Blinka can attest that Michaels fits the description. Blinka, the former
Jet who is a linebacker candidate at the Generals' training camp here, was
brought back to pro football by Michaels with a chance to stretch a career a few
more seasons.

''I've always gotten along great with Walt,'' said the 27-year-old Texan who
played five seasons with the Jets. ''He stood up for me when I had to start as a
rookie and made a lot of mental errors. He's always been good, honest and fair
with me.''

Traded to the Broncos

At the end of the 1983 season, a year after Michaels had left the Jets, Blinka
was traded to the Denver Broncos. Bob Crable, a first-round draft choice, had
gone ahead of him at middle linebacker, and John Woodring was the favored
reserve.

To Blinka's astonishment, he was let go by the Broncos last summer, and so he
turned to the United States Football League as a free agent.

''There were some U.S.F.L. teams interested in me,'' he said. ''When the
Generals called, I knew I wanted to go where Walt was at.''

His timing was favorable. One of Michaels's aims is to improve the linebacking,
and Blinka has moved into an apparent starting position at one of the two inside
positions.

Jim LeClair would be the other starter. LeClair, 34, has been excused from early
practice so he will be fresh when the regular season opens on Feb. 24. Jim
Dumont, a former Rutgers player and a newcomer to the Generals, and Maurice
Clemmons, a veteran, have been at LeClair's position.

Blinka has been playing ahead of John Joyce, the third-year linebacker from
Montclair, N.J., who went past Bob Horn, a National Football League veteran,
last season to become a regular. Horn is no longer with the Generals.

An Outside Career

One of those athletes, increasingly rare in pro football as salaries soar, who
have established other careers, Blinka said that he had finished work for his
master's degree in business. ''I've got an off-season job in Houston as a tax
accountant, and I've started studying to take the certified public accountant
exam in November,'' he said. ''That's all great, and I'm going to keep playing
football one year at a time.''

During the 1982 season, he was suspended by Commissioner Pete Rozelle for one
game for having hit John Jefferson, the Green Bay Packer receiver, on the head
and shoulders. Bart Starr, then the Packers coach, called him ''a hoodlum.''

''There wasn't anything I could do about it,'' Blinka recalled. ''I sure didn't
want to go through my career being remembered as a hoodlum. Walt stood up for
me. He said I wasn't any hoodlum. Everybody has forgotten by now, except I
haven't.''

Michaels is pleased with having Blinka again. ''A fine young man , a great
competitor,'' he said the other day. ''When I found out he was available, I knew
we wanted him. He's as important a new player as any we'll have.''



Flutie Is Examined

Doug Flutie underwent a physical examination Wednesday in the Edison, N.J.,
office of the Generals' physician, Dr. Mark Schottenfeld, then returned to
Boston. He is expected to sign his contract Friday. . . . The Feb. 24 opener
against the Stallions at Birmingham, Ala., will be televised nationally by ABC.
The network will televise only one U.S.F.L. game Sunday afternoons, rather than
two as had been the policy through most of the last two seasons.  Dom Camera,
the league's director of marketing, confirmed the change. ''But I don't believe
the decision is etched in stone,'' he said. ''When there are two attractive
games in different time zones, it would be in their interest to televise them
both, and I think they will.''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              419 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 30, 1987, Sunday, Final Edition

Electronic Democracy

BYLINE: David S. Broder

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE C7

LENGTH: 817 words


Here is an end-of-summer thought for you: ''The ability to vote on public policy
while snuggled under an electric blanket or munching on corn chips does not
demean the system. On the contrary, the system can be enhanced and the American
tradition honored.''

The source of that remarkable thought is Richard S. Hollander, a Baltimore
television broadcaster and author of the newly published ''Video Democracy''
(Lomond Publications, Inc.). He foresees -- and embraces -- a future in which
local governments have been abolished. Citizens use two-way communication
channels, through cable television linked to computers in their homes, to rule
themselves.

In Mediaville (his imaginary, renamed Middletown), the city council was
abolished and its ''chamber converted to a TV studio . . . when the entire town
had been wired for two-way cable. Each home had a computer which interacted with
the cable TV system.''

And in Hollander's example, Joe Citizen, bored with TV baseball and too broke
for video gambling, punches the ''public and civic affairs'' button on his cable
TV and finds the director of public works on his screen. On impulse, Joe walks
to his computer and messages in a motion to require that all the potholes on
Main Street be filled within 30 days. The proposal is put up for debate and
quickly brought to a vote. Despite the grumbling of the department head, the
watching citizens approve the instant referendum, 1,567 to 985.

Arguing that the needed technology is available, Hollander says the concept ''is
utterly practical and eminently democratic.'' State and national governments are
still needed to deal with complex policy choices, he concedes, but small- and
medium-size cities can adopt ''direct democracy'' and thereby cure official
corruption, end public cynicism and gain ''better, more efficient local
government.''

Well, it's a wonderful dream, but, as always, there's someone around to wake you
to reality. The skeptic in this case is F. Christopher Arterton, dean of the
Graduate School of Political Management in New York. His book, ''Teledemocracy:
Can Technology Protect Democracy?,'' was published last month for the Roosevelt
Center for American Policy Studies by the Sage Library of Social Research.

He studied 13 local experiments in the use of interactive communications
technology (including all the examples cited by Hollander) and came to a far
more cautious conclusion: the new technology can improve citizen access to
decision-makers and broaden participation in public-policy decisions. But it
cannot bypass government to achieve direct democracy, Arterton says.

The experiments, held in various locations from Hawaii and Alaska to Reading,
Pa., were interesting and, on their own terms, heartening. Whether they took the
form of electronic town meetings, newspaper-ballot referenda after televised
discussions of policy problems, teleconferences of legislative hearings or
regional forums on health policy and planning issues, these ventures broadened
participation, helped spread information and gave government officials a clearer
sense of public attitudes.

But Arterton finds two big problems with all of them. It takes a lot of work
(and cost) to bring government decision-making into living rooms or scattered
meeting halls through cable TV or leased phone lines. The people who pay the
costs or make the arrangements naturally want to have a big say in setting the
agenda. Net result: what purports to be an exercise in democracy ends up being
an operation manipulated by some elite.

''All of these,'' he notes, ''are political . . . problems of plebiscitary
teledemocracy, but I found no instances that offered hope that they could be
mitigated by technology.''

The second problem is apathy. A lot of us simply don't want to shoulder the
daily burdens of making public policy from our homes. Reviewing the local
experiments, Arterton says, ''I found little support for the notion that
citizens have the interest necessary to sustain near universal participation; in
practice, too few are interested enough in politics to make plebiscites a
feasible means of policy-making.. . . Most citizens, probably around two-thirds,
will not participate.''

Hollander acknowledges the problem. ''The bottom-line question in a direct
democracy concerns participation,'' he says. ''Obviously, government cannot be
effectively run by a small cadre of dedicated activists. It demands mass popular
support. In many communities, citizen participation in public affairs is an
embarrassment.''

He holds out the hope ''that people do care and that they want to participate in
decision-making that affects their lives.'' But in the mythical Mediaville
referendum, he has only 2,552 of the city's 50,000 residents voting. Some
participatory democracy. Where were all the others? Probably snuggling under
their electric blankets or munching corn chips.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: OPINION EDITORIAL

                       Copyright 1987 The Washington Post


                              420 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 1, 1992, Tuesday, Final Edition

SECTION: HEALTH; PAGE Z4; LETTERS

LENGTH: 908 words


Decisions on Who Is to Be Born

I am mad and upset by your interview with Susan Headings in "Questions About a
Popular Prenatal Test" [Cover, Nov. 11]. She stated that she had an abortion
after her CVS test determined that the fetus had Down syndrome. She said that
she just couldn't give her husband a retarded son.

Whoever said that our intellectual level determines our ability to give love and
be loved? I have a 5-year-old daughter with Down syndrome, and she is one of the
best things that ever happened to me.

We demean the value of an individual's worth by adhering to a medical label such
as "disabled" -- as if a disabled life is not worth living.

Mary Anne Hoffmeier

Burke, Va.


'Compassionate Use' Drug Approvals

It was gratifying to read about the FDA's decision to reconsider commercially
available inteferon after pressure from the African American community ["NIH
Reverses Decision on Controversial AIDS Drug," Health News, Nov. 3]. But another
drug also needs to be re-examined in terms of benefit to people with AIDS.

The Compassionate IND (Investigative New Drug) program for marijuana, under the
current administration of the Public Health Service, is all but non-existent. No
new applicants, no matter how worthy or needing, are being accepted, and the
program is in danger of being shut down.

Last November, the citizens of San Francisco overwhelmingly (80 percent) passed
Proposition P, an advisory measure that would allow people with AIDS and cancer
and glaucoma patients access to marijuana without fear of criminal prosecution.

Marijuana has repeatedly been shown to be effective in stopping the nausea
suffered by people with AIDS undergoing chemotherapy, as it does for cancer
patients. And as with cancer patients, people with AIDS desperately need to eat
in order to live. Marijuana would help them immensely.

Andrew Williams

Rockville


Depriving Patients of Hope

I was surprised that you had to go as far afield as Ethiopia to find a culture
objecting to American physicians' custom of advising patients of their impending
death ["Some Cultures Resent U.S. Doctors' Candor," The Cutting Edge, Nov. 3].

I am a Cuban-American raised in France. In my culture, we do not believe a
doctor should lie if pressed to give information, but the truth can be told
gently. To gratuituously inform a sick person of a terminal condition is
inexcusable. A number of my friends have been so devastated at learning they had
little time to live that their condition deteriorated much faster than their
physician expected.

Perhaps Americans have more fortitude than those of other cultures, but we
believe that hope is a healing element that no doctor has the right to deprive
the sickest patient of.

Silvia B. Zimmermann

Washington


Retirement Homes: What to Look For

We would like to add to the article, "Where to Live: Choosing a Retirement Home
Takes Planning, Guidance" [Health News, Oct. 27]. As geriatric care managers, we
like to encourage seniors and their families to go past their initial
impressions when considering retirement.  Before the planning process can begin,
people need to know what they are looking for and how they are going to evaluate
the places they look at. One's senses and gut feelings are very valid.

Equally important, particularly in an assisted living or nursing care center, is
the staff-to-resident ratio. Along with a good administrator, staffing is the
backbone of any facility. People should look beyond the decor of the lobby to
the activities program or the availability of physical therapy should they need
it. Evaluating a retirement community in a more thorough manner can prove that
fine facilities are housed even in modest settings.

Blair Blunda, RN

Laurie Duncan

Owners, Choices for Aging, Inc.

Arlington


Your recent special issue provided vital and timely information on growing older
in today's society. In Fairfax County, where the number of persons over age 60
increased 71 percent in the last decade, we have an alarming increase in the
number of Adult Protective Services investiga- tions -- from 277 to 544 in the
past two years.

Because this is a growing concern to the community, citizens need to know about
preventive, protective and follow-up services for adults with disabilities and
those 60 or over who are being, or are at risk of being abused, neglected or
exploited.

The Adult and Aging Program in Fairfax County's Department of Human Development
also offers supportive counseling, home-based care and long-term care services
designed to help adults with disabilities and the elderly function as
independently as possible.

Suzanne C. Manzo

Director

Fairfax County Department of Human Development


It was good to see Frederick Douglass included among history's greats who were
blessed with longevity ["Living Long -- The Best Revenge," Cover, Oct. 27],
although a most important quote was cut so short as to distort it.

What Douglass actually said was, "Every hour sees the black man elbowed out of
employment by some newly arrived immigrant whose hunger and whose color are
thought to give him a better title to the place."

The problem of mass immigration at the expense of African Americans is even more
serious today, and the white majority power elite shows no more interest now
than then in acknowledging it.

Roy Beck

Washington Editor

The Social Contract, A Quarterly Journal

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              421 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 8, 1988, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Review/Theater;
Neighbor as Nemesis

BYLINE: By MEL GUSSOW, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section C; Page 22, Column 5; Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 876 words

DATELINE: NEW HAVEN, Dec. 6


Dennis McIntyre's excoriating new play, ''National Anthems,'' at the Long Wharf
Theater, is an assault on traditional American values. The playwright looks into
the world of a prototypical yuppie couple (Tom Berenger and Mary McDonnell) in a
well-to-do suburb of Detroit and finds that their apparent rise is actually a
holding pattern. In an instant, they may crash. The catalyst for this
realization is a neighbor who stops by late at night to introduce himself after
the couple's housewarming party is over.

The neighbor (Kevin Spacey) is like a figure from a Thomas Berger novel or a
Harold Pinter play. Under his manipulation, conversation becomes unilateral
interrogation, as the stranger leaves an elusive trail of his own unanswered
questions, including the nature of his profession and his reasons for intruding
on the couple's privacy.

When the wife defends the environment as a home, the neighbor demeans it as only
''a place,'' which is an accurate assessment. There is nothing homelike about
this habitat. In Michael H. Yeargan's set, it is a designer's showroom of the
latest electronic equipment and chic Italian furniture. The good life is
represented by the choicest name brands, further delineated by model and price.

Two years ago, ''National Anthems'' had its first production, an auspicious one,
at the GeVa Theater in Rochester. Since then, it has undergone alterations.
Rewritten, it was presented last season as a workshop at Long Wharf (with Al
Pacino in the role of the neighbor) and is now playing on the mainstage in a
production directed by Arvin Brown.

Despite alterations, the play is not yet as good as it might be. The crucial
leap from bonhomie to the barricades remains too precipitous and the wife's role
still lacks definition, beyond her compulsive housecleaning and her nostalgia
for her days as a high school cheerleader. In his otherwise astute production,
Mr. Brown occasionally verges on overstatement, as in his handling of the wife's
protectiveness of property.

These demurrers are far outweighed by the playwright's baleful wit and by the
remarkable performance of Mr. Spacey. As he plays the uninvited guest, he exudes
insidious charm. More than was the case in the GeVa production, one can
understand why the others allow themselves to be entrapped.

The first act is filled with brittle, knowing dialogue, most of it delivered by
Mr. Spacey, as a working-class critic of super-rich consumerism. Beneath the
conviviality there is an underlying skepticism, whether the neighbor is
discussing the couple's house-and-garden decor or the national debt. And beneath
that is a residue of intentional malice, which seems to find a mate in the
couple's suppressed masochism.

Mr. Spacey is an energizer and also something of a show-off, organizing party
games and performing magic tricks (and thereby jeopardizing the hostess's
valuable Irish lace). Cavalierly, he splashes vodka on the carpet and otherwise
manhandles the furniture. The horrified Ms. McDonnell turns into a human
Dustbuster. Gradually, it becomes clear that the neighbor is a nemesis in the
house.

The willful invasion is carefully articulated by Mr. Spacey, including minute
physical details. Hitching his trousers, he seems to be sizing himself up in an
unseen mirror, as if preparing for action. As he boasts about an act of heroism,
which may, in fact, be self-glorification, we realize the guest is as insecure
as the hosts.

The playwright has strengthened the role of the husband and Mr. Berenger
enhances him with a cool confidence, while making it clear that the character is
basically a mimic who has adapted his life style from glossy magazine
advertisements. He is defined by his blue-eyed handsomeness and his $1,900
Armani suits. Mr. Berenger also allows us to see the fearfulness behind the
self-assurance. Watching him, we realize that today's successful lawyer (which
the character is) could be tomorrow's scapegrace. Ms. McDonnell fulfills the
more limited demands of the role of the wife, which calls for her to be a
watchful hostess and only occasional participant.

The play leads to a game of living room football (tackle, not touch) in which
the two men try to re-evoke the athleticism and competitiveness of their youth.
The bruising body contact is an outward manifestation of an inward discontent.
By the evening's end, the American dream of self-willed fulfillment is called
into a court of inquiry. The only thing the characters can look forward to is
post-deluge regret.

In ''National Anthems,'' Mr. McIntyre, author of ''Modigliani,'' ''Split
Second'' and ''Established Price'' (presented last season in Philadelphia),
demonstrates his visceral sense of theatricality as well as his own
state-of-the-heart awareness of contemporary behavior.

Habitat Is Where The Heart Is

NATIONAL ANTHEMS, by Dennis McIntyre; directed by Arvin Brown; set design by
Michael H. Yeargan; costume design by David Murin; lighting design by Ronald
Wallace; production stage manager, Robin Kevrick. Presented by the Long Wharf
Theater, Mr. Brown, artistic director; M. Edgar Rosenblum, executive director.
At New Haven.

Leslie Reed ... Mary McDonnell
Arthur Reed ... Tom Berenger
Ben Cook ... Kevin Spacey

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Kevin Spacey (T. Charles Erickson)

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              422 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 22, 1999, Thursday, Final Edition

Pushing a Populism of the Right, Bauer Joins GOP Fray

Thomas B. Edsall, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A06

LENGTH: 747 words

DATELINE: NEWPORT, Ky., April 21


Conservative activist Gary Bauer announced today that he is a candidate for
president, telling students at his former high school that the shootings in
Colorado show that "something has gone wrong in this country."

Returning to this hardscrabble, working-class river town where he was born,
Bauer promised voters a populism of the right. He attacked icons of liberalism
and committed his administration to a full-scale assault on the mandarins of the
financial, political and entertainment establishments he sees as corrupting
America.

"This country can be better than it is today, and I intend to make it better,"
he told a crowd of 1,000 at Newport High School.

What happened Tuesday in Littleton, Colo., Bauer said, is a manifestation of
what he called a "culture of death" that has grown out of the abortion rights
movement, a philosophy of "if it feels good, do it," family breakdown and a
barrage of movies and television shows that glorify killing and demean sexual
morality.

"Despite the fact that all of the Founding Fathers knew that America could only
make it if it had God's blessing, in spite of that, there is in America today a
militant secularism," Bauer said.

The basic strategy of the Bauer campaign calls for him to edge out such
Republican competitors as Patrick J. Buchanan, Dan Quayle and Malcolm S. "Steve"
Forbes for the support of social conservatives in such early contests as the
nonbinding votes in Alaska and Louisiana.

"We get a ticket into Iowa if we win Louisiana," said Jeffrey Bell, adviser to
Bauer's campaign, referring to the likelihood that the Louisiana caucuses will
be held Feb. 5, two days before the Iowa caucuses. "Basically we have to take
ownership of abortion and other social issues, and that will win it for us in
Louisiana," Bell said.

Today, Bauer, in his first bid for elective office, sought to firmly plant his
flag on conservative terrain and boost his poll ratings, which are in the 1
percent to 3 percent range.

The 52-year-old former head of the Family Research Council and former aide in
the Reagan administration touched almost every hot-button issue dear to the
right.

"There are too many people in the elites of America, in Hollywood and on Wall
Street and in Washington, D.C., too many people that have forgotten that our
liberty comes from God, not from any man," Bauer said, using language more often
heard from the pulpit than in politics. "In the America I want, all of these
producers and directors, they would not be able to show their faces in public
because you, the public, would be pointing to them and saying, 'Shame. Shame.
Shame on what you have done to American culture.' "

Taking a page from the 1988 campaign of George Bush, who attacked Michael S.
Dukakis's membership in the ACLU, Bauer denounced the ACLU for filing suit
against the presence of the Ten Commandments on school walls: "We've got
drive-by shootings, [aborted] babies in trash cans, out-of-wedlock births, the
American family under fire, and the ACLU is wondering that some child in America
may be reminded where their liberty comes from. I say to the ACLU, 'Pack it up.'
"

The ultimate "symbol of the culture of death" that has produced the recent
school shootings in a number of states across the country, Bauer said, is
abortion. The Supreme Court's Roe v. Wade decision "really boils down to one
simple, profound, evil idea. They said our unborn children have no rights. When
they made that decision they unleashed on America an unbelievable event that
would undermine who we are and what we believe."

From here, Bauer flew to Des Moines, a state where social and religious
conservatives are a powerful force in the first binding caucuses in the
presidential nomination process. These Iowa voters will determine which of the
candidates wins what Republican strategists call the "conservative primary."

In this analysis, there are two GOP primaries taking place simultaneously. One
is to become the favorite of centrists and moderates, and the competitors are
Texas Gov. George W. Bush, Elizabeth Dole and former Tennessee governor Lamar
Alexander. The other is to become the candidate of the right, and the current
competitors include Bauer, Quayle, Forbes and Buchanan.

Thomas N. Edmonds, Bauer media consultant, said that in order to be credible and
competitive, "We've got to win early."

In his home town of Newport, Ky., Gary Bauer formally announces his GOP
presidential candidacy.


NAME: GARY BAUER

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PH,,AP/TOM UHLMAN

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              423 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     July 16, 1991, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

ROTISSERIE LEAGUES

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 12C

LENGTH: 554 words


''Because of Rotisserie League, my interest in baseball has definitely been
enhanced. I play in two leagues, and I can probably tell you the batting average
of every player in the National League.''
- Rick Hagedorn, Stockholm, N.J.

 ''Rotisserie League allows the fan to get more involved in the game by making
you the manager. Everyone always wants to be a hitter or a player, but being a
manager really shows you how in-depth the game can be.''
- Danny Dragin, Cleveland

... FAN HECKLING

''Athletes are paid tremendous amounts of money, but it's not a fan's right to
harrass them with profanity or violence. Anytime an athlete goes into the
stands, he only lowers himself to the heckler's level.''
- Mike Tschirret, Blacksburg, Va.

 ''It is never all right to demean or berate or publicly abuse someone verbally,
no matter how much money you pay for your ticket.''
- Greer Ricketson, Johnson City, Tenn.

 ''Dave Winfield is correct, heckling isn't about how much a player makes. Mr.
Ficker ('I pay, so I'll have my say') doesn't have a right to shout and scream
at a player. Why doesn't he spend more time in court screaming about the drug
problem in our nation's capital?''
- Mark Garber, Peoria, Ill.

 ''I am absolutely amazed, disappointed and disgusted by the commentary from
Robin Ficker. I'm embarrassed for him. The Robin Fickers in the sports world do
not belong.''
- Dave LaMont, Fort Lauderdale, Fla.

 ''I've always felt that heckling fans do so out of a lack of self-esteem. Robin
Ficker's commentary is a perfect example of that. He makes himself feel
important by aggravating famous people. I think the man needs to grow up.''
- Linda Williams, Rancho San Diego, Calif.

 ''I don't understand why the players cannot just keep on playing. I was always
told by my coaches not to have rabbit ears and listen to the crowd. Pro players
are going to have to grow up, take their salary and ignore the comments.''
- David Gerken, Hickory, N.C.

 ''-The players should realize they're in a fishbowl, and if they can't get used
to people tapping on the glass, maybe they should lay down in garlic and butter
sauce.''
- Deck Cook, Washington, D.C.

 ''Heckling goes beyond the players, it's also disruptive for the fans sitting
near the heckler.''
- Ed Williams, Cary, N.C.

 ''I'd like to sit behind the bench in the courtroom when Robin Ficker is
working and heckle him on the poor defense he's doing for his clients. After
all, I'm sure he makes just as much money as those athletes do, and he should be
given the same considerations that he has given them by his insulting remarks.''

- John Kieler, Marion, Iowa

... FREE FOR ALL

''Lyle Alzado knew what he was getting into when he started taking illegal drugs
20 years ago. Performance-enhancing drugs have never been anything but illegal.
There is no reason why he should expect any sympathy now for what he did then.
He earned the benefits from having the advantage of steriods, and now he has to
pay the price.''
- John Holler, St. Cloud, Minn.

 ''To all those who say Lyle Alzado is a cheater and that he's now getting what
he deserves, there was a very wise man who said, 'Let he without sin cast the
first stone.' Lyle, my prayers are with you.''
- Tim Cline, Christiansburg, Va.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Across the USA In Sports; Sportsviews

OPINIONS ACROSS THE USA IN SPORTS

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.


                              424 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                             May 11, 2006 Thursday

Unions supported but didn't drive last week's immigration

SECTION: Pg. 26

LENGTH: 690 words


From John J. Sweeney, president, AFL-CIO:

By suggesting that the powerful show of strength and solidarity by immigrants in
recent weeks represents anything less than a genuine movement, Byron York
demeans the millions of immigrants who took part and the many millions more who
toil silently every day ("At immigration rallies, look for the union label,"
Byron York, May 4).

Union members stood proudly with our immigrant sisters and brothers as they
marched through the streets of Los Angeles, Chicago, Washington, New York and
other communities large and small across the United States. But the assertion
that this massive mobilization was union-driven is as preposterous as it is
condescending.

This movement was led from the ground up - a true grassroots effort in every
sense - and to say otherwise is to trivialize those who spoke so powerfully for
justice and freedom, ideals we should all embrace.

All workers in this country should be afforded basic rights, which is why we
stand together when our fellow workers are oppressed or attacked. There's a
venerable old saying in the union movement: An injury to one is an injury to
all. Exploitation of immigrants hurts all of us.

That's why we oppose the punitive legislation proposed in Congress that would
criminalize hardworking immigrants. And, contrary to Mr. York's assertion, all
unions are committed to organizing and political action as dual paths to make
workers' voices heard in their workplaces and their country.

Washington

Congress can nudge us toward alternative fuels

From John Bergener Jr.:

One way Congress could promote alternate fuels and end our addiction to foreign
oil is to do the following:

* Require all motor vehicles that weigh less than 9 tons, except those that run
completely on non-oil-related fuels, to have a higher average fuel-mileage
standard. This would a vehicle standard, not a fleet average. It should start at
24 miles per gallon with the 2008 model year and rise in annual steps to 60 per
gallon over 10 years. Since alternate-fueled vehicles would be exempted, Detroit
would turn them out faster and more people would buy them.

* Require owners of 50 or more auto-fuel stations to have an ethanol fuel pump
by 2009, owners of 20 or more auto-fuel stations to have one by 2011 and all
stations to have an ethanol fuel pump by 2014. This would insure that at least
one type of alternate fuel is locally available.

* Give major tax breaks to newly built alternate-auto-fuel refineries and
production sites to increase the amount of alternate fuels that are available.

No one type of alternate fuel can completely replace gasoline, for the near
future, but if Congress acts we can reduce our dependence on foreign oil.

Latham N.Y.

Factors favor incumbents in 2006 House elections

From Brian Lynch:

Democrats are definitely delusional if they think they can take the House in
2006 ("Dems prep for transition," May 3). With the economy now booming, the
incumbents are secure.

Illegal immigration is the biggest problem facing the United States, and both
major political parties have failed the nation. Neither major party has any
solutions, so neither has any relative advantage.

Iraq is a "free war" completely financed by foreigners and fought by volunteers.
It's adding to the national debt, but at a rate far below the economic growth
rate. Not even an issue.

Most likely: Democrats will pick up one new seat (at most) in the U.S. House and
nothing in the U.S. Senate, in 2006.

If Democrats shoot off their mouths about more money for education, healthcare
or other social programs that mainly benefit immigrants, they might actually
lose several House seats and maybe even another senator.

Austin, Texas

GOP candidates should be true to the voters

Gary Burger:

Dick Morris is wrong that Republicans should lie to voters ("To win this year,
Republicans need to run like Democrats," May 10).

If there is one thing that keeps Republicans loyal to their politicians, it is
that they state the truth. Whether I agree with the politician's position is
important, but I will not support someone who lies and deceives. If I wanted
that, I could vote for a Democrat.

Tempe, Ariz.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2006 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              425 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                          February 26, 2014 Wednesday

US judge strikes down Texas gay marriage ban as 'state-imposed inequality';
Texas is the fourth conservative state since December to have a constitutional
amendment banning same-sex marriage struck down by a federal judge, joining
Utah, Oklahoma, and Virginia.

BYLINE: Warren Richey Staff writer

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 684 words


A federal judge in San Antonio Wednesday struck down a Texas constitutional
amendment and state statutes barring same-sex couples from marrying or having
their out-of-state marriages officially recognized, saying such laws violate the
couples' right to equal treatment.

US District Judge Orlando Garcia announced his decision two weeks after hearing
arguments by lawyers for two same-sex couples challenging the Texas measures and
by state officials defending those measures.

"This Court holds that Texas' prohibition on same-sex marriage conflicts with
the United States Constitution's guarantees of equal protection and due
process," Judge Garcia declared in his 48-page opinion.

"Texas' current marriage laws deny homosexual couples the right to marry, and in
doing so, demean their dignity for no legitimate reason," he wrote.

"Accordingly, the Court finds these laws are unconstitutional and hereby grants
a preliminary injunction enjoining [Texas officials] from enforcing Texas' ban
on same-sex marriage."

The judge said he would stay implementation of the injunction pending resolution
of expected appeals.

Garcia is the fourth federal judge to strike down a state constitutional
amendment banning same-sex marriage since December. Judges in Utah, Oklahoma,
and Virginia have issued similar decisions.

The decisions are significant because they come in conservative states that took
the extra, burdensome step of enacting amendments to their state constitutions
limiting marriage to one man and one woman.

All four judges who struck down the constitutional amendments were appointed by
Democratic presidents. Judge Garcia was appointed by former President Clinton.

The Texas decision means that the same-sex marriage issue likely will soon be
presented as an appeal to the Fifth US Circuit Court of Appeals based in New
Orleans. The Utah and Oklahoma cases are already on appeal at the Tenth Circuit
in Denver, and the Virginia decision is heading to the Fourth Circuit in
Richmond.

If the three appeals courts reach conflicting outcomes in the cases it would
almost guarantee the intervention of the US Supreme Court.

Judge Garcia's decision raises the same issues and reaches the same conclusions
that each of the three other judges decided. He said the Texas ban violates the
same-sex couples' right to equal treatment and violates what he said was a
fundamental right to marry regardless of gender orientation.

He did not cite a Supreme Court case explicitly recognizing such a right.

The judge rejected the state's justifications for limiting marriage to one man
and one woman. Texas had argued that limiting marriage to heterosexual couples
would increase the likelihood that children would be raised by their own father
and mother in a stable household. The state also argued that the limit would
help encourage "responsible procreation" among heterosexual couples.

The judge said he found no rational basis supporting to the state's claims.

Lawyers for Texas had argued that the fundamental right to marry does not
include a right to marry someone of the same sex.

The judge said the Supreme Court's rulings in gay rights cases and a decision
striking down a ban on interracial marriage established that the right to marry
could not be limited.

"The Court finds that Texas cannot define marriage in a way that denies its
citizens the freedom of personal choice in deciding whom to marry, nor may it
deny the same status and dignity to each citizen's decision," he said.

Judge Garcia acknowledged that his ruling was invalidating actions by Texas
voters and Texas lawmakers. But he said his role was to uphold the rights of all
Texans.

"Today's Court decision is not made in defiance of the great people of Texas or
the Texas Legislature, but in compliance with the United States Constitution and
Supreme Court precedent," he said.

"Without a rational relation to a legitimate government purpose, state-imposed
inequality can find no refuge in our United States Constitution," he said.

The case is Cleopatra De Leon v. Rick Perry (13CV982). It was heard in the San
Antonio division of the Western District of Texas.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              426 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                              May 5, 1998 Tuesday
                                  Late Edition

BRIEFS

SECTION: SPORT; Sport Briefs; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1021 words


Atherton tells his successor

CRICKET: Former England cricket captain Mike Atherton believes his successor
should "do it his own way". "My strongest advice to the new captain would be to
do it his own way. Honor the position, never demean it but always be yourself."
The chairman of the England and Wales Cricket Board, Lord MacLaurin, said last
week that the new skipper needs "to be a good communicator and gregarious", seen
by many as an implied criticism of Atherton.

Boxer on critical list

BOXING: Doctors have said the next 48 hours will be crucial to the recovery of
boxer Spencer Oliver, who is fighting for his life after undergoing emergency
brain surgery following a European championship bout. The 22-year-old fighter
was knocked out by Ukrainian Sergei Devakov in the 10th round of their clash
last night.

Broken jaw fails to stop Conley

LEAGUE: Gold Coast chief medical officer Dr George Clegg has revealed that tough
forward Scott Conley played much of the Chargers' 24-2 National Rugby League
loss to Parramatta with a broken jaw. Conley suffered the injury near the end of
the first half after clashing with Eels reserve Matt Spence. He is expected to
miss at least four matches.

Longley's comeback

BASKETBALL: A rusty Luc Longley returned to action for the Chicago Bulls last
night after missing the first round of the National Basketball Association
playoffs and 22 of the past 24 regular-season games with injury. Longley came
off the bench in the eastern conference semi-final opener against the Charlotte
Hornets. He helped the Bulls cruise to an 83-70 victory. In Miami, the New York
Knicks led from start to finish in a 98-81 victory over the Heat in the deciding
game five of their eastern conference first-round series. In Salt Lake City,
Karl Malone and Greg Ostertag overpowered the aging Houston Rockets to lead the
Jazz into the western conference semi-finals with an 84-70 victory.

Mussina sparks Orioles revival

BASEBALL: The Baltimore Orioles are back in business after cleaning up the
Minnesota Twins 2-0, thanks to the return of Mike Mussina. Activated from the
15-day disabled list after recovering from a cracked wart on his right index
finger, Mussina scattered two hits and four walks in 7 2/3 innings as the
Orioles blanked the Twins 2-0. In Cleveland, Sandy Alomar belted a grand slam
with two out in the bottom of the ninth inning as the Indians rallied from a
six-run deficit for a 10-8 victory over the Tampa Bay Devil Rays.

King of Kings downs favorite

RACING: At Newmarket, King of Kings, ridden by Michael Kinane, swept to victory
in the 2000 Guineas, the first English classic of the season. Trained by Aidan
O'Brien, King of Kings, the 7-2 second favorite, beat 8-1 chance Lend A Hand
while third place went to fast-finishing Border Arrow (16-1). The big
disappointment was the French-trained odds-on favorite Xaar, ridden by Olivier
Peslier. The colt was struggling to get a clear run at halfway and when asked
for a final effort could only go on at one pace.

Duhamel joins Merkel at top

MOTORCYCLING: In California Canadian Miguel Duhamel won his third straight MBNA
Superbike tour race at Sears Point Raceway, lifting him into a tie for the lead
on the all-time victory list. Pole starter Mat Mladin of Australia finished
third. The victory moved Honda rider Duhamel, who won here last year, into a tie
with Fred Merkel on the all-time MBNA Superbike win list with 20.

Higgins grabs early break

SNOOKER: John Higgins held off a spirited fightback by title-holder Ken Doherty
to take a 10-6 overnight lead in the best of 35-frame snooker championship final
at Sheffield. In a one-sided first session, Scotland's Higgins opened up a 6-2
lead over his Irish opponent. But Doherty fought back well at the start of the
second session.However Higgins, who will replace Stephen Hendry as the world
number one if he wins the title, remains in charge.

Porsche lead qualifiers

MOTOR RACING: Porsche topped Sunday's pre-qualifying for June's Le Mans 24 hours
race, beating Toyota by just 0.009 seconds as 61 cars battled for the 48 places
in the 75th running of the world's top sportscar event. Scotland's Allan McNish
took his factory 911 GT1 around the 13.6-kilometre road circuit in three minutes
37.687 seconds at an average 224.993 kmh, also beating Mercedes, Nissan, BMW and
Ferrari.

Big send-off for crews

YACHTING: The people of Annapolis and Baltimore in Maryland turned out in their
thousands to watch the start of the eighth and penultimate leg of the Whitbread
Round the World Race. They were not disappointed when local hero George Collins,
skipper of the local boat Chessie Racing, was best placed in the fleet when the
gun fired at 13:45 local time (17:45 GMT) to send them on their way. The eighth
leg of the Whitbread Round the World Race is a 3390-mile dash across the
Atlantic to La Rochelle in France, where the fleet have a brief rest before the
sprint to the finish in Southampton, where they are expected on 24th May.

Wilson wants to avoid travel

RUGBY UNION: Queensland rugby union captain David Wilson believes his side can
ensure a top-two Super 12 finish and home semi-final, saving a 20,000-kilometre
round trip back to South Africa, with a big improvement in its concentration.
The Reds squeaked home to a 20-16 win over the Golden Cats in Johannesburg
yesterday and takes on the Sharks (31 points) in Durban on Sunday in a match
Wilson is adamant could nail down a top-two finish and vital home-ground,
semi-final advantage.

Red Wings set to defend cup

ICE HOCKEY: The defending Stanley Cup champion Detroit Red Wings, the Washington
Capitals and the Montreal Canadiens all advanced to the conference semi-finals
of the NHL playoffs with Game 6 victories on Sunday. The Canadiens, thanks to
the efforts of Mark Recchi and forward Saku Koivu knocked out the Pittsburgh
Penguins four games to two. The Canadiens became the third Eastern Conference
team to score a first-round upset after the Ottawa Senators stunned the New
Jersey Devils and the Buffalo Sabres eliminated the Philadelphia Flyers. The
Capitals will face Ottawa, while the Sabres and Canadiens meet in the second
round.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Two photos: Luc Longley; Mark Recchi (above left) and forward Saku
Koivu (right)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1998 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              427 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                             March 06, 1999, FINAL

Snuff this movie: Nicolas Cage's latest film, 8MM, is apathetic exercise in
Hollywood nihilism

BYLINE: Kenneth Turan

SECTION: News; B7

LENGTH: 913 words


Those foolhardy enough to place themselves at the mercy of 8MM can expect the
following emotions: disgust and revulsion, then anger, followed by a profound
and disheartening sadness. There are some films whose existence makes the world
a worse place to live, and this is one of them.

Disgust and revulsion because what director Joel Schumacher and company have
created is a torture chamber of a film that mercilessly drags us through
expensively re- created worlds of vivid sadomasochism, extreme bondage and worse
as private eye Tom Welles (Nicolas Cage) tries to determine if a snuff film in
his possession really shows a young woman being brutalized and killed. The truth
is, after watching repeated glimpses of that stomach-turning horror show shot on
8-millimetre stock, as well as several other equally revolting items Welles
turns up, it's hard to care.

What's more to the point is why this film, which features women being
graphically abused and tormented, that demeans the humanity in everyone in hopes
of titillating an audience and earning a healthy return on investment, was ever
made.

During a sequence in Manhattan's meat-packing district, where sides of beef are
trundled through the streets, the thought is inescapable that while government
standards exist even for carcasses, there are apparently no limits to the
degrading things women -- and men, for that matter -- can be put through on
screen.

That's where the anger comes in, anger against Sony, which inexplicably put tens
of millions of dollars into an unapologetically sleazy ordeal that delights in
twisting the knife, a tawdry piece of work whose only raison d'etre is making
the skin crawl in the name of box-office profit. If interviews are to be
believed, Schumacher, Cage et al. consider this wretched business to be some
kind of demented public service, a cautionary tale cum wake-up call for a
presumably somnolent America. A theory, no surprise, that the film in question
in no way supports.

The sadness comes from the realization that we are now imprisoned in a
thoughtlessly amoral movie culture that considers films like this to be just
swell, a culture that lionizes 8MM screenwriter Andrew Kevin Walker, who made
his career with the equally off-putting Seven. Shamelessly pushing the envelope
for what's acceptable on screen, celebrating every opportunity to creep
audiences out more than they've ever been creeped out before, today's
cutting-edge movies are well on their way to cutting their own throats.

Because it knows where it's headed, 8MM makes a point of establishing Welles as
a four-square family man who lives in rural Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, with his
wife, Amy (Catherine Keener, wasted in a whiny part), and a baby daughter he
adores. At least the film attempts to do this, but creating convincing normalcy
is not something these folks are particularly good at.

As he dutifully follows the usual private eye routine of documenting adultery,
Welles acts like a respectful zombie, polite and well- spoken. That attitude
doesn't change when he gets called to an enormous estate where the recently
widowed Mrs. Christian (Myra Carter), a wealthy woman with the demeanour of
Eleanor Roosevelt, and her attorney Longdale (Anthony Heald), are in need of his
assistance.

It seems that a tin of 8-mm footage was found in the late Mr. Christian's
private safe, a tin containing what appears to be an actual murder on film.
Welles pooh-poohs this in theory, talking as knowledgeably as any critic about
fake blood and special effects, but one glance at the footage, which begins with
a petrified girl and a menacing man in a leather hood fondly examining a wide
selection of terrifying knives, starts to change his mind.

Mrs. Christian wants to know if this film is real or not, and Welles, intrigued,
takes the case, telling her he will treat it like any other missing-person
investigation. And, in two shakes of a dominatrix's whip, he's discovered that
the girl in question is a teenage runaway who's left behind a grieving mother
(Amy Morton) in a naive quest for movie stardom.

Next stop is that sinkhole and moral graveyard, Hollywood, where Welles connects
with Max California (Joaquin Phoenix), an adult-bookstore clerk who reveals
himself to be a cut above the rest because he's reading Truman Capote's In Cold
Blood instead of your run-of-the-mill dirty book.

With Max as his guide, Welles descends into porno hell, visiting outre bondage
clubs, watching S&M films, hearing discussions of child pornography. ''There's
things you're going to see that you can't unsee, that you can't get out of your
head,'' Max tells him. ''If you dance with the devil, the devil doesn't change,
the devil changes you.''

This kind of bleak voyeurism not only alienates an audience, it also distances
Welles from his grumpy wife back home in Pennsylvania. Eventually the trail
leads to pornmeisters Eddie Poole (James Gandolfini) and Dino Velvet (Peter
Stormare), inanely described by Max as ''the Jim Jarmusch of porn.'' There's
also a human killing machine charmingly known as Machine (Chris Bauer), whose
arrival signals the addition of excessive beatings and physical violence to the
film's attractions.

Given that Schumacher and his cohorts have reasons of their own for wanting to
make this film, they may be the only people who end up liking it. Even the most
powerful microscope couldn't discover what's in this demeaning ordeal for anyone
else.


LOAD-DATE: March 8, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: P Black & White Photo: Those who made this film, including actor
Joaquin Phoenix, demonstrate that we are imprisoned in a movie culture that
celebrates every opportunity to creep-out an audience.

               Copyright 1999 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              428 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   August 21, 1996, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Baseball wild card gaining fans

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 138 words


Two years ago, baseball purists complained that adding a third
division to leagues and wild-card teams in the playoffs would
demean pennant races and hurt the game.

That was when maybe six or seven teams in mid-August had a shot
at postseason play. This year fans of 15 teams are holding out
hope for the eight postseason spots.

"I think the wild card has been great," says Fox's Jeff Torborg,
former Yankees and White Sox manager. "Sometimes the wild-card
team has a better record than a division winner. For a manager,
you don't want an outstanding season to be wasted because you're
getting blown out in your own division."

Torborg and John Rooney will cover the Braves-Cubs game Saturday
for Fox. Atlanta is easily winning the NL East, but the .500 Cubs
have an outside shot for a wild card.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              429 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    August 29, 1989, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Face-off: 'Casualties of War';
Stop stereotyping Vietnam vets

BYLINE: John Wheeler, Guest columnist

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 310 words


John Wheeler, who chaired construction of the Vietnam Memorial in Washington, is
president of the Center for the Vietnam Generation.

 ARLINGTON, Va. - Casualties of War trashes U.S. soldiers, inflicting pain on
vets and their families. Producer Brian De Palma and Columbia Pictures' Dawn
Steel refuse comment, like old-time corporate bosses.

Using a case in which soldiers kidnapped, raped and murdered a Vietnamese girl,
then were court-martialed and sentenced to hard time, De Palma gives 20 minutes
of facts and 100 minutes of made-up action. He demeans the girl by grotesquely
embellishing the crime and shunts the court action to a brief ending.

His free-style 100 minutes falsely paint vets as barely competent soldiers,
officers and sergeants as cynical or cowardly, the North Vietnamese and Viet
Cong as virtually invincible and most vets as morally blind and remorseless. The
battles and fragging didn't happen. De Palma drags the girl through battle so
she can die in slow motion like the William Dafoe character in Platoon - right
from the copycat night firefight up front.

De Palma has told The New York Times Magazine and Premiere he took
asthma-inducers to avoid war service, but he says this is a message movie to
teach kids what Vietnam was all about. His priorities have whimsy: The credits
note that water buffalo on the set were given special care and not abused.

We need free speech, not a boycott. David Rabe, the vet who wrote the
screenplay, renounced the film but cannot comment - making it look as though
he's been muzzled by those in charge.

Let's explore why the false stereotypes persist, then rely on education and
human decency. One truth is that we built schools, hospitals and orphanages
while the foe worked terror as policy, murdering teachers and mayors and
bayoneting pregnant women. People who cry ''censorship'' or ''pressure groups''
in order to ban comment are the real censors.

I see three causes: profits, an American need for a kind of self-flagellation
and a tendency by men who jockeyed to get out of the draft to ease their guilt
by making vets look bad, marking one of the most potent and crippling divisions
among the whole generation.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, Steve McEnroe (John Wheeler)

TYPE: Opinion

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                              430 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             March 3, 2015 Tuesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

DOJ takes the side of equality;
Nothing justifies excluding same-sex couples from marriage

BYLINE: Eric H. Holder

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 762 words


Over the next several months, the Supreme Court will decide whether state
restrictions on same-sex marriage are unconstitutional. As the court considers
that momentous question, the Department of Justice will make clear that our
answer is an unequivocal "yes."

This week, the Justice Department will file a brief setting forth our position
that state bans on same-sex marriage violate the fundamental constitutional
guarantee of "equal protection of the laws." It is clear that the time has come
to recognize that gay and lesbian people deserve robust protection from
discrimination.

Nothing justifies excluding same-sex couples from the institution of marriage.
Denying them the right to marry serves only to demean them and their children,
to degrade the dignity of their families and to deny them the full, free and
equal participation in American life to which every citizen is entitled.

Second-class families

Marriage bans inflict concrete harms that touch nearly every aspect of daily
life for gay and lesbian couples. The bans intersect with issues as varied as
workers' compensation, taxation and inheritance, posing challenges to basic
financial security. Same-sex couples living in states with bans too often face
obstacles to adopting and raising children together. And restrictions on medical
decision-making and hospital visitation impose devastating burdens during the
moments when a partner is needed most.

The mental and emotional injuries are just as acute. A marriage ban written into
state law broadcasts the state's view that same-sex couples and their children
are second-class families, undeserving of the rights and protections offered to
opposite-sex couples. It creates a stigma that pervades society, encouraging
individuals to harass or belittle even their loved ones because of community
pressures. And it harms relationships between family members by perpetuating a
destructive notion that some individuals -- and some children -- should be shown
less love and support simply because of who they are.

That is a view the Department of Justice flatly rejects. With our brief, we will
make clear that the U.S. stands firmly on the side of equality.

Marriage equality is an idea whose time has come. When I took office as attorney
general in February 2009, only two states, Massachusetts and Connecticut,
allowed same-sex couples to marry. A seismic shift over the past six years has
pushed that tally to 37, leaving fewer states with same-sex marriage bans in
force today than there were with interracial marriage bans in 1967 when the
Supreme Court deemed them unconstitutional.

Role of Justice

I am proud to have had the opportunity not only to watch this great national
pivot but also to take part in it. In 2011, I recommended to President Obama
that the Department of Justice no longer defend the constitutionality of Section
3 of the Defense of Marriage Act, which excluded gay and lesbian couples from
federal marriage benefits. In my view, DOMA was indefensible, and the Supreme
Court vindicated that position in a landmark decision in 2013. I will always be
proud of the role that the Justice Department played in achieving and
implementing that victory, which has driven a surge of court decisions securing
marriage rights in states from coast to coast.

Our work is not complete until every lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender
citizen has achieved equal footing and equal treatment under the law. One need
only witness the bliss of a newlywed gay or lesbian couple, and see their
beaming children, to know that, at last, we are correctly answering a historic
question.

Now that the Supreme Court is considering whether the Constitution guarantees
marriage equality nationwide, we have our clearest opportunity yet to mark the
defining civil rights struggle of our time with triumph -- a triumph of our
highest ideals, our deepest values and our self-evident founding promise: that
all are created equal.

Our founders set this country on a course of continual improvement toward a more
perfect union -- a spirit that echoes in our promise to struggling gay and
lesbian youth that "it gets better." America, by design, gets better, and we
have been fortunate over the past few years to witness once-unimaginable
progress with respect to gay rights. But we're not done. And in the coming
months, this administration -- and this Department of Justice -- will continue
to stand with all LGBT Americans, to hold fast to our principles, and to bring
about the change our citizens deserve.

Eric H. Holder Jr. is the attorney general of the United States.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Craig Mitchelldyer for USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2015 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              431 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                    The Daily Telegraph (Sydney, Australia)

                             May 7, 1997, Wednesday

Players get umpires' signal loud and clear

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 69

LENGTH: 309 words


MAJOR League umpires union chief Richie Phillips says the players have got the
message.

Before the season began, he warned the umpires would be less tolerant of players
and managers disputing calls.

Ans so far, the new policy has cut back disputes and ejections.

"The players must know there is nothing to be gained by an attempt to demean,
denigrate or humiliate an umpire," Phillips said.

Umpires took a firm stand during spring training when they became upset at the
action taken over the Baltimore Orioles' Roberto Alomar who spat on umpire John
Hirschbeck late last season.

Alomar was suspended for five games, but was allowed to compete in the playoffs.
He served his suspension at the start of this season.

Bruce Froemming, a National League umpires' crew chief, told reporters: "I think
Richie got the message out there.

We do not have a problem with the players. We had a problem with a situation not
handled right. We respect players in a dispute or an argument. We expect them to
respect us."

According to Major League records, 16 ejections happened in both leagues last
month, the same as last season.

Phillips has said the umpires are getting positive feedback, but want to see how
long it lasted.

BUFFALO Sabres ice hockey goaltender Dominik Hasek has been suspended for three
games and fined $12,5000 for attacking Buffalo News reporter Jim Kelley two
weeks ago.

Hasek, a strong candidate for the National Hockey League's MVP award, grabbed
Kelley around the throat after the reporter had questioned the goaltender's
sprained knee.

In a statement, the NHL commissioner Gary Bettman said the penalty was imposed
because the league viewed the conduct as indefensible.

The Sabres, who have supported the penalty, have advanced to the second round of
the NHL playoffs against the Philadelphia Flyers.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DTM

                   Copyright 1997 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              432 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                           December 22, 2007 Saturday

Border boasts great museums -- that's no joke

BYLINE: By Marshall Carter-Tripp / Guest columnist

SECTION: COLUMNISTS; Opinion

LENGTH: 665 words


The Border Museum Association is concerned that border citizens may think that
the Dec. 9 letter in the El Paso Times, which the Times titled "Exhibits
ridiculed," and which did indeed ridicule the exhibits and staff of three of our
member museums -- the El Paso Museum of Art, the El Paso Museum of History, and
the (Insights) Science Museum -- is a fair comment on our museum community.

We regret that Mr. Costa of Fresno, Calif., had a bad experience during his
visit to El Paso (date not given).

But his unsupported assertions that "the exhibits are a joke," and that the
employees were "sitting around doing zero" demean these museums -- and all of
our museums, by association.

The El Paso Museum of Art has an extremely fine, and extremely valuable,
collection of European art on permanent exhibit, along with a collection of
masterpieces by regional artists such as Tom Lea (acclaimed across the U.S. in
2007, the centennial year of his birth, as one of the finest American artists of
the 20th century).

A visitor may not care for the art in question, but these exhibits are not "a
joke."

The newly opened El Paso Museum of History, and its supporting Foundation, are
still developing exhibits to complete the space created through the bond issue
in 2000; but its exhibits on the history of this region, including a new
temporary exhibit, are not "a joke."

Nor are those of the Insights Museum, which despite its financial difficulties
is making a sustained effort to continue operations, in order to ensure that El
Paso does not become the only large city in the U.S. without a science museum.

As for the staff not being busy: Visitors to any museum are unlikely to see
staff members at work. They are behind the scenes, organizing and installing
exhibits, and managing the collections.

Museum security staff may not appear very active -- but it is their job to be
watchful, to ensure the safety of the exhibits. Several museums have volunteer
or paid guides, known as docents, who conduct tours at certain hours, or on
request, and may not be visible at other times.

The decision by the editorial review board of the El Paso Times to publish this
letter is very disappointing.

Unfortunately, our commentary cannot wipe out the negative impact of this letter
on the image of our city and its cultural attractions, but we'd like to set the
record straight.

Those of us who are working overtime -- many on a completely unpaid, volunteer
basis -- to build and maintain a community of museums in the border region want
to assure the citizens of the area that there is a wide array of fascinating
museums -- indoor and outdoor -- and other kinds of exhibit spaces here.

Many are free, and where there is an admission charge, the price is much less
than you'd find in other cities in Texas.

You can obtain a free museum guide from the El Paso Convention and Visitors
Center, or visit their Web site at www.visitelpaso.com, and click on Things to
See and Do.

Just as a sample, other than the Museums of Art, History and Science, the Border
Museum Association includes a Museum of Archaeology in a gorgeous natural
setting, shared with the National Border Patrol Museum that draws visitors from
all over the world; a Historic House Museum (Magoffin Home); a Railroad Museum
with a 150-year-old locomotive; museums at Fort Bliss that trace the history of
the U.S. Army here and the settlement of the border; the new El Paso Holocaust
Museum; at UTEP, the Centennial Museum, the Rubin Center and Heritage House; the
War Eagles Air Museum in Santa Teresa with a large collection of military
aircraft and vintage cars; and too many more institutions, including excellent
museums in Juárez, to list them all here.

The Texas Association of Museums will be holding its annual meeting in El Paso
in March 2009, bringing hundreds of visitors to our city to enjoy these museums.

Get your guide and join them in exploring what your city has to offer.

Marshall Carter-Tripp is president of the Border Museum Association.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              433 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            August 15, 2015 Saturday

Utah's attorney general signs on to religious freedom lawsuit challenging birth
control coverage mandate

BYLINE: By Annie Knox The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 466 words


Utah's attorney general is wading into a challenge to the federal health care
law mandating coverage for birth control.

Attorney General Sean Reyes, on behalf of the state, signed on to a "friend of
the court" brief this week backing three religious colleges' lawsuit. Fifteen
other state attorneys general have signed on to the cause.

The states aren't directly involved in the case but are invested in its outcome,
the attorneys wrote in the legal paper filed for review by U.S. Supreme Court
justices.

The 16 states, mostly clustered in the South and West, have a "substantial
interest," the brief states, "in ensuring that courts do not demean religious
beliefs" by second-guessing individuals' views on what constitutes sin or
immoral behavior.

The states are asking the nation's highest court to hear an appeal from Houston
Baptist University, East Texas Baptist University and Westminster Theological
Seminary in Pennsylvania. The schools say their faith is violated by the U.S.
Department of Health and Human Services law, which forces them to comply or pay
millions in IRS fines.

Brigham Young University, a private school owned by The Church of Jesus Christ
of Latter-day Saints, is not a party to the suit.

Under the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare, most American women are eligible
for no-cost birth control, but there are exemptions for religious employer
health plans.

Two years ago, a Houston federal court sided with the schools. But the 5th U.S.
Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans reversed that decision in June. The
appeals panel ruled that the federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act does not
allow religious nonprofits to shield themselves from providing employees
contraceptive coverage without a copayment ccc a provision of the ACA. The three
schools appealed the ruling to the Supreme Court.

In the states' brief, attorneys argue the schools should receive the same
exemption as businesses with fewer than 50 employees.

Thousands of businesses are exempt from the mandate, said Diana Verm, attorney
for the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty, which is representing the schools, in
a prepared statement, "so why is [the federal government] needlessly forcing
religious institutions, nuns and homeless shelters to carry out its goals?"

Karrie Galloway, executive director of Planned Parenthood in Utah, said she is
disappointed Reyes signed the brief, is "not surprised."

If the Supreme Court sides with the schools, female faculty and staff, she said,
will be subject to "their employer affecting their most personal goals of health
care and family planning."

The other states signing on are Alabama, Arizona, Florida, Georgia, Kansas,
Louisiana, Michigan, Montana, Nevada, Ohio, Oklahoma, South Carolina, South
Dakota, Texas and West Virginia.

aknox@sltrib.com,

Twitter: @anniebknox

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              434 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             June 27, 2002 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

Fostering the new creative class: it's high time Australia got the idea

BYLINE: Marilyn Lake. Professor Marilyn Lake has just returned from Harvard
University where she held the chair in Australian studies.

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Opinion; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 702 words


The West is entering a new phase of development, Marilyn Lake writes. But are we
ready?

UNIVERSITY lecturers in Australia have been told to prepare for new forms of
national accreditation and surveillance. Even as the Federal Government moves to
subject Australian academics to ever-closer regulation and control, and further
demeans and demoralises them, a new book in the United States suggests the
dangers of such developments for future economic growth

and innovation.

In The Rise of the Creative Class (Basic Books, 2002), Richard Florida argues
that we are moving into a phase of economic development fuelled by the work of
intellectual elites writers, scientists, educators, designers, people whose work
generates original ideas and conceptual innovation.

Just as capitalism succeeded the feudal age, so the era of managers and
supervisors is passing. The creative ethos has become a definitive source of
competitive advantage making places as diverse as Austin, Texas, and Boston,
Massachusetts, the new centres of economic growth. Not coincidentally, they are
also places where diversity, ideas, social tolerance, universities and high-tech
industry thrive.

Florida, a professor in the Heinz School of Public Policy and Management at
Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, also works as a consultant to regional
governments and local authorities. His book not only documents the dynamic
growth of centres such as Seattle, the San Francisco Bay area, Boston, New York,
Washington and Austin, but also points to the shift in ways of working demanded
by the creative class the importance of autonomy

and freedom, respect and trust in the "no-collar workplace".

The companies and cities likely to succeed are those that prove attractive and
hospitable to this emergent class. "Access to talented and creative people,"
writes Florida, "is to modern business what access to coal and iron ore was to
steel-making. It determines where companies will choose to locate and grow, and
this in turn changes the ways cities must compete."

Creative people work long hours longer than average but they require autonomy
and freedom to flourish and their output can't be measured in the usual ways.
New ideas are not produced to order and do not follow directives or
prescriptions from on high. Original ideas have, by definition, yet to be
imagined, and they need the right conditions in which to flourish. Creativity
needs to be nurtured with trust and respect, not crushed by the weight of
bureaucracy, by disrespect or the endless demand for accountability and
conformity to regulations.

One wonders whether the Australian ethos with its deep-seated
anti-intellectualism and antipathy to so-called elites is well placed to meet
the needs of the emergent creative class.

Working in an American university during the past year, I encountered a
profoundly different attitude towards academics and their scholarship than
prevails in my own country. Harvard University is a wealthy institution and one
might have expected that those who administer its large endowments would
emphasise accountability above all else. But American universities trust and
reward their faculty and researchers; it is their freedom to teach and pursue
research without the constant pressure to seek authorisation, fill in forms and
justify their work that makes them such productive workplaces.

And the American university system, in requiring all students to undertake a
liberal arts or science degree before seeking specialist vocational
qualifications at the postgraduate level, serves to modify the hard utilitarian
approach to education favoured by most Australians.

Harvard is one of 35 universities in the greater Boston area which together
serve to educate 250,000 students. It's not surprising that Boston features in
Florida's analysis as both hospitable home to the creative class and also one of
the most economically dynamic centres in the US.

It would be good if Florida could be invited to serve as a consultant for the
review of higher education in Australia being conducted by the federal Education
Minister, Brendan Nelson. Then Nelson too might become a supporter of the
creative class, if only for the sake of Australia's economic future.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2002 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              435 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             April 18, 2014 Friday
                                 METRO EDITION

Virginia"Ginny"Brooks LONGTIME CIVIC LEADER

BYLINE: JOY POWELL; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 553 words



HIGHLIGHT: An advocate for equality, education


When Virginia "Ginny" Brooks joined an organization, she usually ended up at the
helm.

It was "like clockwork," one of her daughters said, recalling that Brooks would
soon be on the organization's board and often become its chairwoman or
president.

Brooks, of St. Paul and Charlottesville, Va., died April 9 at her home in
Charlottesville. She was 85.

"She was one of the finest women I've ever met," said Jean Hart of St. Paul, who
served with Brooks on the boards of the Junior League and St. Paul Foundation.
"She was a good leader. She was honest. She was fair. She encouraged people to
speak. She didn't demean anyone. She was just a person people admired. And she
was beautiful."

Hart and others spoke of Brooks' unstudied elegance, wisdom and warmth.

"She just kind of radiated," Hart said. "You knew she was a genuine person, and
when she smiled at you, you knew that she meant that."

Born in 1928, Ginny Dahleen grew up on a farm in Sacred Heart, Minn., during the
Great Depression. After high school, she studied for a year at St. Olaf College
in Northfield, but her family couldn't afford for her to continue. So in 1948,
she headed to Minneapolis to work her way through two years of teacher training
at Miss Woods School, riding streetcars to grade schools for student teaching.

In 1949, she began teaching kindergarten and first grade in Wausau, Wis. She
rented an apartment for $50 a month with fellow teacher Jean Sterner Sheetz. In
1951, the two became Northwest Orient stewardesses to see the world. She flew
some of Northwest's first routes to Japan, staying over in Alaska, and five
years later became a supervisor, said daughter Julie Zelle of Minneapolis.

"She not only had fun with her airline pals and Jean, but for a girl from a
rural Minnesota farming town to be able to go around the world, in the
pioneering days of aviation, that was an exciting time for her," Zelle said.

In late 1956, she had a blind date with a Harvard graduate, Ted Brooks. They wed
five months later.

"She evidently came down the steps at her sister's house and he took one look,
and it was all over for him," Zelle said.

Ginny Brooks was expecting their first child, Katherine, known as "Kakie," in
1959 when she earned her political science degree at Macalester College, where
Ted Brooks would become a classics professor. Two years later, Julie was born.

Active in civic endeavors, Brooks led a 1960s project by the St. Paul Foundation
to teach diverse students about commonalities. Legendary for organizing and
planning, she was the first female and non-Catholic regents' chair at St. John's
University. She headed the St. Paul Foundation, the large grantmaking
organization. And she joined with a group of women to raise money to build a new
library at Macalester.

"She was able to stay true to herself and her own values in a way that was never
aggressive or confrontational," Zelle said of her mother, long a women's rights
advocate. "She never lost her ground."

In 2001, Brooks learned she had Parkinson's disease, and her husband died in
2004. Seven years ago, she moved to a Charlottesville retirement home, where she
had a stroke two weeks ago.

Other survivors included four grandchildren and a sister, Katherine Erickson.

Services will be at 1 p.m. Tuesday at House of Hope Presbyterian Church, 797
Summit Ave., St. Paul.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              436 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   May 31, 1998, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

What Shall We Ask of Immigrants?

SECTION: Section 4; Page 16; Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 90 words



To the Editor:

By calling a proposal to end bilingual education in Santa Barbara, Calif.,
"ethnic cleansing" (news article, May 27), opponents cheapen and demean the
horror of true ethnic cleansing. If Santa Barbara is indeed our Sarajevo, we are
in deeper trouble than suspected.

Meaningful political discourse in this country remains nonexistent, replaced by
sound bites and buzz words. Like a country's currency, a devalued language also
loses its purchasing power.

STEVEN RICHMAN
Princeton, N.J., May 27, 1998

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              437 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                          February 25, 2004 Wednesday

Lawmaker: Liberals forced Bush to act;
Gay-rights activist says president is grandstanding

BYLINE: MARY MASSINGALE STATE CAPITOL BUREAU

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 462 words


The sponsor of a proposed Illinois constitutional amendment to ban gay marriages
says President Bush's similar push at the federal level is being forced by
liberal actions on the East and West coasts.

A gay-rights activist contends the president is simply using the issue to
grandstand during an election year. State Rep. Bill Mitchell, R-Forsyth, is
sponsoring an amendment to the Illinois Constitution that would prohibit
same-sex marriages. He said Bush is responding to a Massachusetts high court
ruling that allowing same-sex marriages is constitutionally required in that
state. Meanwhile, the mayor of San Francisco ordered the issuing of marriage
licenses to gay couples on Feb. 12, citing the equal-protection clause of the
California Constitution.

"They've foisted this issue on the American people and made this amendment
necessary," Mitchell said Tuesday.

But Rick Garcia of Equality Illinois said the president is simply trying to win
conservative votes.

"This is election-year politics at its rankest," Garcia said. "We're deeply
disappointed the president would use the power of his office to demean and bash
an entire group of Americans."

Illinois law bans same-sex marriages. That position was strengthened in 1996,
when the General Assembly and then-Gov. Jim Edgar approved legislation that
added gay marriage to the list of unions specifically prohibited under state
law.

That restriction was triggered by the possibility at the time that Hawaii would
legalize gay marriages. Under federal law, one state must recognize the legality
of a marriage performed in another, unless such a marriage is specifically
prohibited.

No state allows gay marriages; however, Vermont recognizes civil unions between
same-sex partners.

Mitchell said Illinois could easily follow in the steps of Massachusetts or San
Francisco, noting Chicago Mayor Richard Daley recently said he supports gay
marriages.

"It's just a matter of time," said Mitchell, whose proposal would serve to
reinforce the current ban.

Gov. Rod Blagojevich earlier this month said he believes marriage is a sacred
institution between a man and a woman, but cautioned against using the issue to
perpetuate discrimination.

He also said he favors offering employment benefits to the domestic partners of
state workers, much like what the University of Illinois Board of Trustees
approved last summer for university employees.

U.S. Sen. Dick Durbin, a Democrat from Springfield, said he does not support gay
marriages but opposes the federal government "pre-empting" state authority on
standards for marriage.

He accused Bush of using the issue to garner attention in an election year.

"We should pass a law banning constitutional amendments in an election year,"
Durbin said.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LOCAL

                   Copyright 2004 The State Journal-Register


                              438 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                             May 3, 2006 Wednesday

Not Nash for MVP again

BYLINE: Chia Han Keong

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 728  words


THE National Basketball Association's Most Valuable Player will be announced
next week, but sources revealed that the Phoenix Suns' Steve Nash will win it
for a second straight year.

If so, then the league has gone for the safe, but wrong, choice.

While this column in no way demeans Nash's contributions, there are at least
four players who had a far more influential season than him.

Yes, Nash is the floor leader of the NBA's most exciting attack. Yes, he
overcame the loss of injured teammate Amare Stoudemire to lead the Suns to the
third-best record in the Western Conference.

Given that he also had a career-high scoring average (18.8 points), he has
improved from last season. So, the MVP award should still be given to him.

However, that is discounting the fact that four others have improved much more
than him, and are more deserving.

In fact, he is not even the best at his point-guard position.

That person is the Detroit Pistons' Chauncey Billups. The leader of NBA's best
team, he typifies their never-say-die spirit.

He runs the Pistons' methodical offence, picking the right time to pass to open
teammates for easy shots.

When all else fails, he takes over, and makes winning shots regularly.

His biggest plus point over Nash: He is a tough defender. On April 2, he held
Nash to just 13 points while exploding for 35 points to beat the Suns 109-102.

No MVP should let a fellow player climb all over his head, as Nash did in that
game. Even Billups, normally a modest man, said after that game: 'I think I made
a good case.'

Yet, while he has the edge over Nash, he is not the league's best in terms of
being essential to his team's success.

Blame the Pistons' winning formula, which is based on their balanced
starting-five.

Billups' leadership is valuable. But, take away the other four starters, and he
may struggle to win 64 games as they did in the regular season.

Three other MVP candidates can also claim to being their teams' linchpins.

One can even claim the undisputed highlight of the season - the 81-point burst
against the Toronto Raptors, the second-highest number of points scored in a
game.

That's right, Kobe Bryant must be considered.

Given the Los Angeles Lakers' paper-thin roster, he must be lauded for his
single-mindedness in dragging his teammates into the play-offs.

With a 35.4-point scoring average - the seventh-highest in NBA history - he
overshadows the others.

There is one snag - Bryant has also developed a nasty streak.

Early on, he elbowed the Memphis Grizzlies' Mike Miller in the face, then had
the gall to say: 'I have to defend my turf.'

For that, he was suspended for two games. That may well play on the selection
panel's mind when it votes for the MVP.

Dirk Nowitzki, on the other hand, rarely steps into the wrong spotlight. Indeed,
he has rarely put a foot wrong.

The Dallas Mavericks stormed to a 60-22 record, second-best in the Western
Conference, with the German as their only recognisable star.

Here is a player tall enough to go head-to-head with Shaquille O'Neal, yet is
able to shoot accurately up to the three-point range.

That creates nightmares for defenders, and Nowitzki is smart enough to exploit
that.

More often than not, he makes the big shots for Dallas. His particular
favourite? The last-second three-pointer to break opponents' hearts.

Yet, for all his stellar work, he has been overshadowed by Bryant - and my MVP
choice, LeBron James.

He is already the undisputed floor leader of the Cleveland Cavaliers and a
scoring machine - his 31.4-point average is third behind only Bryant and Allen
Iverson.

He has also lifted his mediocre teammates into the play-offs by spreading his
talents - making the pass to open players, helping out on defence and
influencing everyone with his winning mentality.

Twice this season, the Cavaliers slumped into losing streaks that threatened
their play-off ambitions.

Twice, James pulled them out into long winning runs.

He is also fast becoming The Face of the NBA, attracting big sponsorship deals.

Outside Cleveland's Gund Arena, there is a huge Nike poster of him, with the
tagline 'We are all witnesses'.

And he is only 21.

For that alone, he deserves the award. An astoundingly mature basketballer is
materialising, and will entertain fans for years to come.

Give that award to him. Not only is he the present star, but he is also the
brightest hope for the NBA's future.

hankeong@sph.com.sg

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2006 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              439 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           October 11, 1989 Wednesday

Ultimate superstar about to surpass Howe

BYLINE: AL STRACHAN; GAM

LENGTH: 2498 words


AL STRACHAN
    Records, like everything else in sport, come in varying degrees of
importance. Some have merit. Some don't. Some are well-known. Some are
obscure.

But a sport always has an ultimate record - one that can endure for
generations. It says that this man whose name you see attached is simply
the best. Ever. In all the history of our game, it says, no one has ever
done what he has done.

In the sport of hockey, this is the record that, in a few days, will
belong to Los Angeles King superstar Wayne Gretzky .

It is the one that reads: Most points, career. Right now, under that
heading in the official National Hockey League Guide, is the following
notation: 1,850 - Gordie Howe, Detroit, Hartford in 26 seasons, 1,767GP
(801G-1,049A).

That jumble of numbers and letters means that in 26 years with the
Detroit Red Wings and one with the Hartford Whalers, Howe played 1,767
games, scored 801 goals and added 1,049 assists.

By the standards under which Howe played, those are phenomenal totals.
No one would demean that achievement, least of all Gretzky.

But when a 53-year-old Howe (he also spent some time in retirement and
some with the Houston Aeros and New England Whalers in the World Hockey
Association) finished his final NHL season in 1980, an era ended and the
new one began. It conjured up images of those cartoons you see on Jan. 1,
when the weary old year, his long beard dragging on the ground, hands the
world over to his rosy-cheeked replacement and urges him to do a good job.

Howe's last season was Gretzky's first and even then, Howe's record was
clearly in jeopardy. This skinny teen-ager, who could have passed for an
apprentice accountant off the ice, tied Marcel Dionne for the league lead
in scoring with 137 points. (Gretzky did not win the Calder Trophy as
rookie of the year - the only major trophy he has missed - because the NHL
ruled that incoming WHA players were not eligible). Because Dionne had
more goals, he was declared the scoring champion.

Until 1987-88, when Gretzky finally missed a series of games due to
injury and Mario Lemieux blossomed, no one ever came that close to him
again.

He has rewritten the standards by which hockey players are judged.
Here, once again are the totals Howe accumulated in 1,767 games over 26
seasons: 801 goals, 1,049 assists. Here are Gretzky's numbers after 777
games: 639 goals, 1,204 assists.

After a mere 10 seasons, Gretzky is only seven points short of Howe's
total. He has changed the game, much as Babe Ruth changed baseball.

Before Gretzky, no one had yet averaged as much as 1.4 points a game.
Gretzky's average is more than 2.37 points a game. Before Gretzky, the
record for assists in a season was 102. Gretzky's best is 163. Before
Gretzky, the record for goals in a season was 76. Gretzky scored 92 in his
third year. The record for points in a season was 152. The NHL record
(Gretzky's of course) is now 215.

Sometimes these days, records aren't always what they're cracked up to
be.

Sometimes, athletes, taking advantage of a benevolent (or greedy)
management, put off a long overdue retirement in order to set a specific
record. Sometimes, athletes get a helping hand from performance-enhancing
chemicals. Sometimes the athletes pick their spots and thereby cheapen the
record that they chase.

But there is nothing shoddy or suspect about Gretzky's record. The
oldtimers who say that he is playing against watered-down opposition
because there are now 21 teams where there used to be six, never explain
why it is that someone else doesn't match Gretzky's feats.

Until Mario Lemieux came along - and even he took three seasons to
really get rolling - no one did. In fact, no one came close. In most of
the years when Gretzky was winning his seven consecutive scoring titles,
his point totals were about 50 per cent higher than the second-place
finisher. As often as not, his assist total alone was enough to earn him
the crown even though he has averaged about 64 goals a year during his
career.

Now, he is about to pass Gordie Howe, certainly one of the greatest
players hockey has ever produced and a man who just happened to be his
boyhood idol.

It was always Gretzky's dream to equal some of Howe's feats and during
the years, the two have become steadfast friends. Even though Gretzky has
a father with whom he has a superb relationship and Howe is on equally
good terms with his own sons, Howe often refers to Gretzky as his
'adopted son.'
   Gretzky is proud to be breaking Howe's record, but he also feels a
touch of sadness at knocking his hero down to second place.

'The game has changed so much over the years,' Gretzky said. 'When  Gordie got
his 1,850, the game was so different, so much more defensive-  minded. Maybe
they should let Gordie's 1,850 stand as a previous record,  have an asterisk or
something.'     As for his achievement, Gretzky says, 'Longevity records were
something I never really thought a whole lot about. I just played year to  year.
I never really thought a lot about scoring 500 goals or 1,000 points  or the
1,850 figure, but now that it's getting close and everybody is  talking about
it, I look back on my career and it gives me a chance to  realize that I've been
pretty consistent.'     That in itself is a considerable achievement. The hockey
schedule with  all its travel, 80 games from coast to coast preceded by a
one-month  training camp and followed by the rigorous demands of the playoffs
places  tremendous demands upon the players.

Most of them take a night off once in a while. In hockey parlance, they
'float' or 'were just out for a skate.' Gretzky, to the amazement of
teammates and opponents alike, never does that and as a result, he not
only helps the team by his efforts but by his example.

Said the Kings' Bernie Nicholls, who had the best year of his NHL
career when Gretzky showed up, 'You look out there in practices or in
games and you see that the best player in the history of the game is
always working hard. You say to yourself, 'If he's working that hard, how
can I not work just as hard?' '
   'I think I do it just for the love of the game,' Gretzky explained.
'I love to play. Every time I step on the ice, if I don't have a good
shift, I'm disappointed in myself. I feel I've let myself down, the team
down and the fans down.'
   To hard-core hockey watchers, Gretzky's remarkable achievements came as
no great surprise. He was accorded the status of 'phenom' as long ago as
1967 when he was only six.

Here are a few reasons why: He once had a 50-goal weekend in a hockey
tournament. From the time he was 6 until he went to Toronto to play junior
hockey, every team he played for advanced as far as the provincial final.
He broke into junior B hockey, which has an upper age limit of 20, when he
was 14. One of his teams had a record of 76 wins, two losses and four
ties. As an 11-year-old, he scored 378 goals in one season. By the time he
was 16, he was playing in Canada's best junior league, earning rookie-of-
the-year honors and racking up 182 points in 64 games.

Sometimes, youngsters who show all kinds of promise don't develop into
solid major-leaguers. Not Gretzky. He has continued to get better.

He turned pro in 1978 with Indianapolis of the now-defunct World Hockey
Association, but after eight games, was shipped to Edmonton, then a WHA
team. He was 17, too young to go to the bar for a post-game drink, even in
Alberta, where the legal age is only 18.

On his arrival in Edmonton, he was interviewed by veteran hockey writer
Dick Chubey, who mentioned that he was impressed by the way the youngster
handled the media demands. 'Well, I've been doing it for more than 10
years,' smiled Gretzky. This is the 'kid' who hit the NHL as an 18-
year-old in 1979 - a kid according to his birth certificate, but a mature
professional in every other way.

Well, more or less mature. If you went down under the stands before the
games in those days, you as often as not saw Gretzky and a bunch of other
Oilers playing road hockey. Dressed in T-shirts, underwear and wool socks
(no shoes) they laughed, joked, occasionally whacked each other in the
foot and cavorted about like the teen-agers that many of them were. The
'puck' was a wadded-up ball of hockey tape and the sticks were the ones
that they would use a few minutes later when they had quickly put on their
hockey uniforms and headed onto the ice for the pre-game warmup.

As they grew up, the Oilers changed a bit. The pre-hockey hockey was
dropped. On the road, the Oilers prepared for games like any other team.
At home, they often had a game of table-tennis on the blue-and-orange
table that sits in the middle of the Edmonton dressing room.

Gretzky liked to play as part of his pre-game routine and always felt
that if he could beat Jari Kurri, he would have a good game that night.
Other than that, he didn't have many superstitions (by the standards
applied to professional athletes).

He was the second-last player to step on the ice (Kevin Lowe was last
and the two goalies preceded Gretzky) and, as most people have noticed, he
always tucks in the right side of his sweater.

Most hockey teams wear sweaters that have the manufacturer's name
clearly emblazoned on the lower right side. The Oilers did too until the
Nike people realized that Gretzky tucked their name into his pants.
Corporate executives were horrified. The brand name on the Oiler sweaters
was moved to the lower left.

The tucking-in is more of a habit than a superstition. When he was
growing up, Gretzky always played with youngsters who were much older than
he was. Therefore, the team sweater was always too large for him. Hockey
sweaters don't look right if they're totally tucked in, but to make sure
that his wouldn't hang around his knees, Gretzky tucked in one side.

(In the 1979 WHA all-star game, the players were given sweaters and as  usual,
Gretzky's was too large. Gordie Howe grabbed a needle and thread  and sewed
tucks in the sides to make it fit better.)     As the Oilers grew up, Gretzky
seemed to stay the same. He was a  pleasant, intelligent, unassuming young man
when he got to the big leagues  and he still is 10 years and a spectacular
career later.

Unlike many baseball players, who have one personality for the
television cameras and a different one for everyone else, Gretzky is
remarkably polite and friendly under every situation.

In restaurants, he often gets pestered to the point that those with him
begin to get annoyed. But Gretzky patiently smiles, signs autographs,
poses for pictures and, when the interloper has gone, picks up the
conversation right where it had been before the interruption. 'It goes
with the territory,' he says simply.

There are occasions when he will sneak out of an arena to avoid a mob,
but it's invariably because of a lack of security, not because his values
have changed. His clothes have been ruined by the crush of people holding
pens and he has feared for his well being. He is, after all, still skinny.

If security is sufficient to allow an orderly lineup, he'll sign
autographs as long as the team's schedule permits.

But the last year or so has been hectic even by Gretzky's standards. It
seemed that he was always at the centre of a hurricane of attention.

In July, 1989, he got married, in perhaps the highest-profile wedding
in Canada's history. In August, he was sold to the Kings. In October, the
season began and ran through to May when the Kings were eliminated by the
eventual Stanley Cup winners, the Calgary Flames.

In between, there was a media circus as the Kings went from being the
NHL's fourth-worst team to being its fourth-best. The Kings' arrival was
the highlight of the season in many an NHL venue and, through it all,
Gretzky was having difficulties with coach Robbie Ftorek.

Finally, the situation exploded one night in Detroit when Ftorek
benched Gretzky for breaking his stick over the crossbar. Gretzky hadn't
been benched since he was a teen-ager.

On this occasion, he had made an error that cost a goal and just to
make sure everyone knew whose fault it was, he shattered his stick. In the
dressing room between periods, Ftorek explained to the team that he
envisioned himself as a teacher and Gretzky was going to have to be
disciplined in order to be taught self-control.

'If you want to teach, go to New Haven,' snapped Gretzky. 'I want to  win a
Stanley Cup.'     But for the rest of the season, Gretzky steadfastly refused to
admit  that there was any animosity between himself and Ftorek. Despite all his
stellar individual accomplishments, he always puts the team first and he  knew
that admitting to friction could not possibly do any good.

Even now, with Ftorek gone, Gretzky still chooses his words carefully
when talking about that situation.

'Robbie and I never had a really bad relationship,' he says. 'We  didn't have as
much controversy as a lot of people thought or might have  expected us to have.
When Robbie was hired to coach the team, it was a  young team and at that time,
he was the right guy. He was there to teach  them and coach them and groom them.
But we went from being a young team to  an old team overnight. It's hard for
people to change and maybe that was  the hard part for Robbie. It was nobody's
fault.

'I understand where he was coming from and I think that he understood  where I
was coming from, but I think that in the end, Mr. McNall felt it  best to make a
change.

'We had a little bit of a blow-up in Detroit, but I think that the
disappointing thing about it was that neither one of us wanted it to  happen and
both of us were sorry that it did happen.'     This year, once the ultimate
record has been surpassed, Gretzky hopes  to evade the spotlight a bit. There is
no doubt that media hordes will  follow him about until he passes Howe -
possibly Friday in Vancouver, but  Gretzky's personal choice is Sunday in
Edmonton - but after that, the  media maelstrom that was always in evidence last
year may subside  somewhat.

'There's no question that I'm looking forward to that,' Gretzky said.  'I think
the coaching staff will take a lot of the pressure off me. I  think (new coach)
Tom Webster is experienced at all of that and he'll do a  good job of taking the
pressure off.

'It has been a year now that I've been here. Things will quiet down a  bit and I
think that Larry (Robinson acquired from the Montreal Canadiens)  will take a
lot of attention away from me. I think that the fact that the  Russians are in
the U.S. (touring Soviet teams will play every NHL team  this season) will take
a lot of attention away from me.

'It will make it a much calmer year and it will make it a lot easier  for
everyone on the Kings.'     But the attention will never totally let up. Gretzky
is the greatest  player in hockey history. Some day, someone may come along who
is better.  It may prove to be Mario Lemieux. It may not.

In a few days, Gretzky will become the NHL's career scoring leader.
Until someone else has done better and can point to the figures to prove
it, then Gretzky has to be accorded the ultimate honor. It has to be said
that he is simply the best. Ever.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1989 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              440 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           December 26, 2013 Thursday

Ohio gay marriage ruling may just be beginning

LENGTH: 699  words


A federal judge's ruling ordering Ohio authorities to recognize gay marriages on
death certificates has added momentum to hopes of overturning the state's ban on
same-sex marriage and already is raising the divisive issue's profile ahead of
the 2014 state elections.


It didn't take long for political types to weigh in on Judge Timothy Black's
Monday ruling, which said Ohio's gay marriage ban is unconstitutional and
designed primarily "to disparage and demean the dignity of same-sex couples in
the eyes of the state and the wider community."
Black stopped short of striking down the ban altogether, a move the judiciary
has made in other states, but predicted that his ruling would spark further
litigation aimed at striking down the state's ban on gay marriage.
"In the real world out there, the stakes are larger," he said last week during
oral arguments in his Cincinnati courtroom. Although Black's ruling applies only
to recognizing gay marriage on Ohio death certificates, he wrote in broad and
unequivocal terms that "once you get married lawfully in one state, another
state cannot summarily take your marriage away."
Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine said the state will appeal Black's ruling to
the 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Cincinnati, saying the state's "job is
to defend the Ohio Constitution and state statutes."
Harvard Law School professor Mark Tushnet said "the metaphor of dominoes falling
is occurring," referring to a spate of recent rulings in Utah, New Mexico and
New Jersey that allowed same-sex marriages, bringing to 18 the number of states
allowing gay marriage; Washington, D.C. also allows them.
"The more judges who do this, who express their views that gay marriage is
constitutionally required, it'll be easier for other judges to follow in the
same line," Tushnet said. "The judge doesn't see himself or herself as strange
or pushing the limits of the law. Rather, it's what everyone else is doing."
Tushnet said there's a fairly strong believe in the constitutional law community
that "at some point in the relatively near future, there'll be a constitutional
right to gay marriage, pretty much everywhere in the country."
"Nobody's sure when the tipping point will come," but five to 10 years seems
about right, he said.
Supporters of gay marriage see Black's ruling as a clear victory that will help
them forge a path to getting another court to strike down the statewide ban or
doing so in the November election, which would be 10 years after the 2004 ban
passed with 62 percent of the vote.

"There are times when litigation combines with democracy to ultimately do
justice, and we're hoping this is one of those times," said Al Gerhardstein, the
Cincinnati civil rights attorney representing the two gay Ohio men whose lawsuit
against the state sparked Black's ruling.
Ideally, he said voters will repeal the marriage ban, but that won't stop him
and other attorneys from pursuing the matter in the courts.
"While deference to the public is important, there shouldn't be an undue delay
in getting marriage equality," he said.
Members of a group known as FreedomOhio say they've collected enough signatures
to put gay marriage back on the ballot in November.
The group's executive director, Ian James, praised Black's ruling and said it's
"yet another step in the right direction on the road to freedom for gay and
lesbian couples throughout Ohio."
Given the ruling's appeal, he said his group will redouble its efforts to repeal
the gay marriage ban and allow same-sex couples to obtain marriage licenses
before the Supreme Court considers the matter.
Phil Burress, who chaired the 2004 effort to ban same-sex marriage, said his
group is prepared to fight any ballot initiative to repeal the ban and is
confident they will prevail.
"It's only been 10 years since the voters of Ohio voted 62 percent to define
marriage as between one man and one woman," he said, also adding that he thinks
Black's ruling will be overturned.
He pointed out that only three of the 18 states and Washington, D.C. legalized
same-sex marriage through popular vote.
"So all this hoopla about the momentum they have on their side is nothing but
propaganda," Burress said.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2013 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              441 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                              May 25, 2008, Sunday

SSAC four-class proposal sparks statewide debate

BYLINE: Mike Hughes

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. P7D

LENGTH: 932 words


Wheeling News-Register

WHEELING - On April 8, the West Virginia Secondary School Activities
Commission's Board of Control ignited a heated debate across the Mountain State
that continues today.

Consisting of high- and middle-school principals from across the state, the
board voted to pass a motion that increases the number of school classifications
competing in football and basketball from three to four.

The motion passed 78-37, but the measure must still be approved by the state
Board of Education before it can be put into practice. That vote will follow a
60-day period of public discussion that will give the BOE a better understanding
of the general consensus of the plan.

Pretty much everyone has an opinion on the matter, ranging from optimism and
agreement to condemnation.

Those opposing the potential shift seem to be in agreement that an additional
class will water down the competition level and demean the value of the state
championships being contested.

They point to surrounding states like Ohio and Pennsylvania's enrollment figures
and classifications for examples. Ohio has 715 schools playing football in six
classifications, while Pennsylvania's 597 teams compete in four.

In basketball, Ohio has 803 and 800 teams in boys and girls hoops, respectively,
with four champions being crowned. The same goes for Pennsylvania, which has 719
girls teams and 725 boys.

West Virginia, on the other hand, has only 120 football schools - counting the
split of Jefferson High into Washington High School and Jefferson High School
for next season - playing in three classifications. Basketball adds only nine
schools in Class A from the ones not fielding football teams.

But what about states with similar amounts in either schools or residents?

Based on population figures from the United States Census Bureau's 2007
estimate, West Virginia has a population of 1,812,035.

The next closest is Nebraska with 1,774,571.

Nebraska has 166 schools for football playing in five classifications.

When looking at the number of schools, Utah has 128 schools competing in
football, eight more than West Virginia, and it also uses a five-class system.

In a sampling of the seven states directly above and below West Virginia in
terms of population, this is the only state that has, at minimum, 88 schools for
football that doesn't use four or more classifications.

Evan Excell has been the executive director for the Utah High School Activities
Commission for 14 years and his state had already moved to five classifications
by the time he took the job.

He admitted he had some reservations initially about the "watered-down effect,''
but those were quickly put at ease.

"Honestly, before I got the job, I thought it would be watered down, but as you
watch and participate, you start to see how much the state title means to them
and I don't think we could ever go back,'' Excell said. "There are certainly
some benefits to having a more competitive balance.''

That's the same line of thinking Paden City athletics director and boys
basketball coach Fred King has. King and Paden City principal Warren Grace are
the architects of the plan to make the shift.

"It's not a perfect solution, but it's an alternative to removing the private
schools from the public class,'' King said. "What really turned it was some of
the smaller AAA schools.''

The original thinking was to split Class A in half, which was widely regarded as
a move directly targeting Wheeling Central. Considering the Maroon Knights'
dominance of Class A sports the past decade, it's easy to see how people drew
that conclusion. That idea, along with one to remove private schools completely
from SSAC competition, was also turned down.

But when the thinking shifted to a more general realignment that affected all
teams, the idea began to pick up steam.

While there is a sizable disparity in Class A - Richwood, the largest school
with 337 students in grades 9-12, compared to Clarksburg Notre Dame, the
smallest fielding football at 74 - the difference in top to bottom in Class AAA
is much greater. Parkersburg is the state's largest school with 1,446 students
compared to Bridgeport at 627.

"When you get the numbers closer together, disparity decreases, as does margin
of victory and the domination is no longer there,'' King said. "Right now, it's
gotten to the point where you can pick out who's going to the state tournament
every year before the season starts.''

A potential problem for this plan comes when talking about the state basketball
tournament in Charleston.

The tournament, which plays host to the top eight teams in each class, already
runs from Wednesday through Saturday in successive weeks for boys and girls.

To add another classification without tweaking the playoff process would amount
to a lengthier tournament and more school time missed not only for players, but
also fans. While the students themselves likely wouldn't mind an extra day off,
the board of education probably will.

A likely solution could involve adjusting the regional tournament to super
regionals, where only four teams make it to Charleston and not eight. It's also
been speculated that football could move to the top 12 teams making the
playoffs, with the top four teams receiving a bye. That move would mirror the
playoff systems from other states with similar team and classification numbers.

There will be vocal proponents and detractors on either side of the argument no
matter the outcome of the board of education's vote. But if West Virginia
eventually does decide to go to a four-class system, it won't be the first state
of its size to do so.

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Charleston Newspapers


                              442 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 February 1, 2000 Tuesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

FTOREK SUSPENDED

BYLINE: Mercury News Wire Services

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6D

LENGTH: 168 words


New Jersey Coach Robbie Ftorek was suspended for one game andfined $10,000 by
the NHL on Monday for throwing part of the team's bench onto the ice in Detroit.

Ftorek threw the bench during the second period of New Jersey's 3-1 loss to the
Red Wings on Saturday.

"The actions of Mr. Ftorek are unacceptable," said Colin Campbell, the NHL's
executive vice president and director of hockey operations. "All coaches must
meet a standard of decorum, and any coach who demeans the game is accountable
for his actions."

Ftorek was incensed that referee Stephen Walkom failed to stop play while Devils
forward Jay Pandolfo lay on the ice with serious facial cuts. Pandolfo required
84 stitches to close four wounds on his forehead and around his left eye.

* Peter Karmanos Jr., 56, owner of the Carolina Hurricanes, was recuperating in
Morrisville, N.C., after double coronary bypass surgery.

* Philadelphia Flyers defenseman Adam Burt was cleared to play after suffering a
concussion Thursday.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: NHL UPDATE

                     Copyright 2000 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              443 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            November 23, 2007 Friday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

WHO, WHO, WHO ISN'T OFFENDED BY 'HO, HO, HO'?

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 533 words


Who's been naughty?

The Sydney Daily Telegraph reports of a new trend in political correctness in
Australia. Westaff, a recruitment firm that headhunts for shopping mall Santas
this time of year, wants its Santas to eschew the traditional "ho, ho, ho."
Because obviously Santa uses that term to demean women, as it is American slang
for a prostitute. They are being encouraged to shake their bowls full of jelly
while bellowing out a hearty "ha, ha, ha," which really only offends people who
enjoy Christmas. "Give me a break," scoffed Julie Gale, who runs a campaign
against the sexualization of children. "We are talking about little kids who do
not understand that 'ho, ho, ho' has any other connotation. Nor should they."
Westaff says it is only suggesting the change, not requiring it, but at least
three potential Santas have quit over the policy.

School discourages the holiday spirit

An elementary school in Wales has banned the exchange of Christmas cards among
students, rationalizing that they are bad for the environment. "Cards in school
cause litter problems," said Nicholas Daniels of Evan James primary school. "And
(it) can become a popularity contest about who gets the most, with the risk some
children could be left out." The school is asking that parents instead give
money intended for cards to a charity, and even suggested that the school could
be their charity. Students will be allowed to make one card in class and give it
to a special predetermined someone, thereby insuring everyone gets a card.

What do they put in egg nog, anyway?

The USDA made a surprise visit to the Smiling Hill Farm in Maine and told the
owners that one of their products was not in compliance with federal labeling
guidelines. The Portland Press-Herald reports that egg was not listed as an
ingredient in the product, and egg is an allergen. "But the cap says 'Egg Nog,'
" said Warren Knight. So Knight got some stickers, stamped them with a warning
that the egg nog contains eggs, and put them on the lids. "Someday we're going
to look back at this and laugh," said one of the workers. To which Knight
replied, "Yeah, but it won't be tomorrow."

Christmas is on quarantine in Hawaii

Most of the Christmas trees in Hawaii come from the Pacific Northwest, but
shippers weren't ready for the special bonus gift they got upon arrival of the
first batch: yellow jackets. At least four of the first 100 containers of trees
were contaminated with the bugs, forcing officials to quarantine about 1,200
trees. There are yellow jackets in Hawaii, but officials are concerned that the
imported bugs may be a different variety and may compete with native bugs and
birds for the same food sources. So they don't want them anywhere near. In the
past, shipments of trees had to be sent back because of midge infestation, and
one year there was a live snake with the trees.

Compiled from Times wire services and other sources by staff writer Jim Webster,
who can be reached at jwebster@sptimes.com

"I celebrated Thanksgiving in an old-fashioned way. I invited everyone in my
neighborhood to my house, we had an enormous feast, and then I killed them and
took their land."

Jon Stewart, host of The Daily Show (archival quote)

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Roasted turkey PHOTO: Santa Claus

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              444 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Bowling Green Daily News (Kentucky)

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                            April 12, 2006 Wednesday

Barren River Lake safety flotilla planned

BYLINE: Doug Waters, The Daily News, Bowling Green, Ky.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 961 words


Apr. 12--The chance to add a volunteer safety flotilla to a water body flooded
by more than 2 million visitors a year was scintillating to Don Alexander, a
park ranger for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers at Barren River Lake.

Thursday night -- at Alexander's request -- Fred Nixon, a U.S. Coast Guard
representative from Hendersonville, Tenn., charted steps to implement a
federally backed boating unit of at least 15 volunteers. Roughly a dozen Barren
and Allen county residents listened intently at the Barren River Lake Resort
Lodge.

"It's just common sense; we need this auxiliary," Alexander said. "I am adamant
about it."

The need doesn't demean the work of the Kentucky Department of Fish and Wildlife
and the corps, he said.

"There's only so many of them and this is a 10,000-acre lake," Alexander said,
listing common safety violations on the lake.

Boaters not wearing life jackets or having the vests on their vessels, coupled
with occasional reckless driving, disturbs him. He said intoxicated jet skier
and boater sightings aren't out of the ordinary either.

"(Alexander) says you got some problems up here," Nixon told the audience.

The auxiliary's primary functions are to promote boating safety and alert law
enforcement of suspicious activities. The units are the only volunteer boating
group with federal sponsorship, he said.

"We are not law enforcement in any way, shape or form," Nixon said. "We are
strictly civilian."

However, the U.S. Coast Guard Auxiliary has a strong civic responsibility and is
under the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, he said.

"Anytime you're in front of the public, you will be in uniform," Nixon said.

A flotilla, composed of 15 volunteers, is the auxiliary's basic unit. Each is
led by an elected commander, who assigns other staffers to carry out activities.
But there's no rank or bragging about uniform stripes in the auxiliary, Nixon
said.

"It's not a chain of command; rather, it's a chain of leadership and
management," he said.

Four auxiliary cornerstones, according to Nixon, are operations and marine
safety; member services; recreational boating safety; and fellowship.

"It's a volunteer organization," he said. "You get out of it what you put in."

Initially, Nixon said, he wants the lake's volunteers to attach and learn from
another flotilla that's part of the 8th Eastern Coast Guard Division, which
covers Kentucky, Tennessee, northern Alabama, and parts of Mississippi and
Georgia, due to the time it takes to build a qualified unit.

"If you're interested in joining, it's very involved," Nixon said.

Volunteers must complete 15 forms and take an exam, he said. In addition, their
fingerprints will be checked against FBI records, so convicted felons needn't
apply. A lengthy questionnaire will also be fact-checked.

"They're not playing games anymore," Nixon said.

Nevertheless, it's a great opportunity for people to serve their country, said
Randy Ventress, a flotilla public affairs officer who accompanied Nixon.

Flotillas conduct inspections to ensure boats have life preservers, lighting and
proper registration. Rather than being unnerving, the inspections save new
boaters a lot of time and money, Ventress said.

Boating rookies inevitably experience problems, from medical issues on the water
to engine trouble, said Michael McGurl, a member training officer with the Coast
Guard.

McGurl, who resides in Glasgow, said he's teaching an America's Boating Course
on May 20. A location is forthcoming and the eight-hour seminar will be free of
charge.

"The classes are designed for young adults and up," McGurl said.

Boat navigation, communications and safety will be covered. Books will be sold
at cost at the class. He said longer classes are available for more advanced
boaters.

The chance of being killed in accidents or drownings drops significantly after
taking the class, he said.

"These courses take away that danger edge," McGurl said. "If we prevent one
drowning in Barren or Allen, it's worth teaching the course."

If that's not incentive enough, a boating insurance discount is, he said, as
most insurers deduct 10 to 15 percent for taking the class -- a substantial
savings with insurance typically running a few hundred dollars a year.

Although some audience members were undecided about joining, their support for
the effort was more unanimous.

Danny Price of Glasgow, a former volunteer firefighter and an auxiliary
policeman, said it's a worthy albeit sacrificial cause.

"With the time requirement, a person will really have to be dedicated," Price
said.

Marlene Costello, a Boy Scouting coordinator in Allen County, said she learned
it's feasible to start a scout boating group -- "Venturing Ship" -- that could
help stock a flotilla in ensuing years.

Costello's 17-year-old son, Michael, said he's excited he can enlist in a
flotilla. Seventeen is the minimum age to join a flotilla, but children as young
as 12 can take the boating safety course, according to McGurl.

Alexander said flotilla members have plenty of opportunities to make a
difference. Besides protecting the lake, they can receive air patrol training
and are eligible to assist Homeland Security in emergencies.

"How awesome would that be?" Alexander said. "It's a win-win situation for every
person in this community."

For more flotilla information, call Alexander at (270) 646-2055. For America's
Boating Course information, call McGurl at (270) 659-3152.

To see more of the Bowling Green Daily News, or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.bgdailynews.com. Copyright (c) 2006, The Daily News, Bowling
Green, Ky. Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News. For information
on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511 (U.S.), (213)
237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060412-BW-LAKE-SAFETY-20060412

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BW


                    Copyright 2006 Bowling Green Daily News


                              445 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 9, 1984, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Chicago Judge Gets 10 Years In Bribe Case in F.B.I. Inquiry

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B; Page 9, Column 6; National Desk

LENGTH: 155 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO, Aug. 8


The only judge convicted so far in the Federal Bureau of Investigation's inquiry
into the nation's largest court system was sentenced today to 10 years in prison
for accepting thousands of dollars in bribes.

Federal District Judge Charles Kocoras imposed the sentence on Associate Judge
John Murphy of Cook County, who was convicted June 14 of 24 counts of mail
fraud, racketeering and extortion after a 10-day trial.

''At some point you became an infidel to the cause of justice,'' Judge Kocoras
said. ''it would demean yours and my high office if a substantial penalty was
not imposed for your substantial prostitution of it.''

Judge Murphy, 68 years old, maintained his innocence at the sentencing, as he
did in his trial.

Judge John Laurie, one of three other judges indicted as a result of the
investigation, was acquitted Monday.

Three others of the 17 people charged have pleaded guilty or been convicted.



LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              446 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                                 June 11, 2001

Lawyers USA, Vermont: June 11, 2001

BYLINE: Lawyers USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 168  words


A bill to replace the state's civil unions law with one that would offer
marriage benefits not only to same-sex couples but also to others who can't
legally marry has been approved by the state house of representatives.

The bill would provide marriage benefits to those in "reciprocal partnerships. "
Gay couples would be eligible, but so would other couples who cannot legally
marry - primarily blood relatives, such as a woman and her adult child.

Opponents say the plan is an attempt to demean gay relationships, while
insurance experts say partnerships could be so different from marriage that
actuarial tables would be thrown off and some companies might stop doing
business in the state.

Currently, state law allows the closest thing in America to gay marriage. Civil
unions give gay couples all the rights and privileges available to married
couples under state law.

The measure is unlikely to pass the senate and Governor Howard Dean, who signed
the civil unions law, has also said he would veto a repeal.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2001 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              447 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   October 26, 1994, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Cone wins AL Cy Young in tight vote

BYLINE: Mel Antonen

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 262 words


David Cone of the Kansas City Royals didn't lead the American League in any
pitching categories, but he was given the Cy Young Award as the league's top
pitcher Tuesday.

"My first instinct is this is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, so I don't want
to demean the award because of the strike," Cone said. "It'd be nice to be
pitching in Game 3 of the World Series. I'd trade the Cy Young for that in a
heartbeat."

Cone, 31, beat his friend and former teammate, Jimmy Key of the New York
Yankees, in the closest vote in this season's postseason awards.

Cone, a right-hander, had 108 points and 15 of 28 first-place ballots in voting
by the Baseball Writers Association of America. Key had 10 first-place votes and
96 points.

Cone had a 2.94 ERA and a 16-4 record for the Royals. Key, a left-hander, led
the majors in wins and went 17-4 with a 3.27 ERA for the Yankees, who led the AL
East by 6 1/2 games when the players went on strike Aug. 12.

"Jimmy Key is a good friend and probably one of the most intelligent pitchers in
baseball," Cone said. "Either one of us deserved to win."

Said Key: "I'm overjoyed for him. It'd be nice to win, but I don't put that much
value in these things."

Key is a control pitcher. Cone was a power pitcher until this season, when the
Royals worked with him to make his pitch counts more efficient.

"The Mets were centered on power pitching and hitting," Cone said. "It was tough
for me to break that cycle."

Cone is the second Kansas City player to win a postseason award. DH Bob Hamelin
is the league's top rookie.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: EAR PHOTO, color, H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY; PHOTO, color, AP

See related story; 06C

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              448 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     October 21, 1991, Monday, City Edition

Bowden wary of struggling Tigers

BYLINE: BOB HARIG

SECTION: SPORTS; SEMINOLES; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 481 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



They are struggling this season, and the LSU Tigers are not as imposing in Baton
Rouge as they have been in seasons past. But Florida State coach Bobby Bowden
isn't expecting an easy game Saturday night at Tiger Stadium.

    The top-ranked Seminoles (7-0) will need the assertiveness that carried them
to their first five victories but was missing in their past two, Bowden said.
Practices will be more difficult this week. Full pads that were off will be back
on.

    "You can only get your kids to peak so many weeks, and you don't want to
waste them on Middle Tennessee," said Bowden on Sunday, when reviewing
Saturday's 39-10 victory. "That's not to demean them. But you don't want to play
your best game of the year.

    "Going into this season, I thought LSU (3-3) would be the darkhorse of the
SEC, maybe the nation. They had all their kids coming back. And with a new
coaching staff and a new attitude, I thought they might eat people up, much like
(Steve) Spurrier did last year (at Florida).

    "And they could be fixin' to do that now. They are improving."
    History: The Seminoles first played at Tiger Stadium in 1979 and were
undefeated at the time. Entering the game, Bowden was being wooed by LSU
athletic director Paul Dietzel to become the new Tigers coach the next season.

    "That game is when I really made a decision to stay at Florida State,"
Bowden said. "If we had lost, I'd have probably gone (to LSU). But we won, and
it showed me that we could get it done here at Florida State. I came home, and
that Monday I signed a five-year contract."

    That Seminoles team went on to its only undefeated regular season. That was
also the first of five straight years where FSU played at LSU without a return
game in Tallahassee. The Seminoles won four.

    LSU's first-year coach is Curley Hallman, who guided his previous team,
Southern Mississippi, to its biggest win ever when it upset FSU in 1989.

    Worn out: By late in the second half, FSU's depth was winning out. Backup
tailbacks Sean Jackson (five carries, 46 yards), Sam "Tiger" McMillon (four
carries, 66 yards) and Marquette Smith (two carries, 10 yards) found the running
easier than starter Amp Lee, who had 51 yards on 10 carries. The Seminoles
finished with 207 for the game. But Bowden still was upset with the lack of
production near the goal line.

    "Our offensive line really got whipped," Bowden said. "We just couldn't
knock the ball in the end zone."

    Poor tackling: That was the story of Saturday's game and a big reason why
the Seminoles will do more scrimmaging and hitting in practice this week.

    "A couple of them will be embarrassed when they see the film," Bowden said
of his players. "They didn't leave their pants off or anything. I'm talking
about blocking and tackling."


LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              449 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           December 21, 2013 Saturday

US judge strikes down Utah's gay marriage ban

LENGTH: 1212  words


A US federal judge struck down Utah's ban on same-sex marriage as
unconstitutional, handing a major victory to gay rights activists inthe
conservative state.

Couples wait to apply for marriage licenses at the Salt Lake County Clerks
office in Salt Lake City, Utah, December 20, 2013. A federal judge struck down
Utah's ban on same-sex marriage as unconstitutional on Friday, handing a major
victory to gay rights activists in a conservative state where the Mormon church
wields considerable influence. [Photo/Agencies]

SALT LAKE CITY - A federal judge struck down Utah's ban on same-sex marriage as
unconstitutional on Friday, handing a major victory to gay rights activists in a
conservative state where the Mormon Church wields considerable influence.

US District Judge Robert Shelby, ruling in a lawsuit brought by three gay
couples, found that an amendment to the Utah Constitution defining marriage as
exclusively between a man and a woman violated the rights of gay couples to due
process and equal protection under the US Constitution.

"The state's current laws deny its gay and lesbian citizens their fundamental
right to marry and, in doing so, demean the dignity of these same sex couples
for no rational reason. Accordingly, the court finds that these laws are
unconstitutional," Shelby said.

The judge's 53-page decision barred the state from enforcing its ban and adds to
growing momentum toward legalizing gay marriage across the nation.

It also touched off an immediate rush to the altar by gay couples, especially in
Salt Lake City, where a festive atmosphere broke out in the county government
building that played host to a string of impromptu weddings - including that of
a state senator to his longtime partner.

But a spokesman for the state's Attorney General's office said lawyers would
seek an emergency stay of the judge's order while the office appealed to a
higher court.

"I am very disappointed an activist federal judge is attempting to override the
will of the people of Utah," said Utah Governor Gary Herbert. I am working with
my legal counsel and the acting attorney general to determine the best course to
defend traditional marriage within the borders of Utah."

The ruling, if it is not stayed by a higher court, would make Utah the 18th
cstate to allow same-sex nuptials, adding to a growing number that have seen gay
marriage legalized in recent months.

On Thursday, the New Mexico Supreme Court ruled to allow same-sex marriage
across that state, ending legal ambiguity on the issue there. Last month, the
governors of Hawaii and Illinois both signed bills to legalize same-sex
weddings.

Shelby, in finding for the plaintiffs in the Utah case, rejected arguments by
the state that it had the right to define marriage free of interference from the
federal government.

"The court agrees with Utah that regulation of marriage has traditionally been
the province of the states, and remains so today," Shelby wrote. But he said any
state regulations must still comply with the US Constitution.

Marina Gomberg (L) kisses her partner Elenor Heyborne as they get married in
front of the Salt Lake County Clerks office in Salt Lake City, Utah, December
20, 2013. [Photo/Agencies]

'IT FEELS UNREAL'

The three couples who sued to overturn Utah's same-sex marriage ban all live in
Utah. One couple, Karen Archer and Kate Call, were married in Iowa, which allows
gay marriage, but want their union to be recognized in Utah. The other two
couples were denied marriage licenses by the Salt Lake County Clerk's Office,
according to court papers.

"It feels unreal," plaintiff Moudi Sbeity, who sued along with partner Derek
Kitchen, told the Salt Lake Tribune newspaper after Shelby's ruling. "I'm just
very thrilled that Derek and I will be able to get married soon, if all goes
well and the state doesn't appeal."

Couple J. Seth Anderson, 31, and Michael Ferguson, 32, said they were the first
to wed, after getting a text message from an attorney friend about the ruling
and rushing to the county government building in their jeans and sweatshirts.

Salt Lake City Mayor Ralph Becker, meanwhile, officiated at the wedding of State
Senator Jim Dabakis to his partner of 27 years Stephen Justesen in an atrium at
the county building. By the end of the day, Becker said he had officiated at 33
ceremonies.

Dabakis said after marrying Justesen, who is an art dealer, that he never wanted
to get married in any other state than Utah, and that he was disappointed the
governor is seeking to overturn the ruling.

"I guess I won't be getting a wedding present (from the governor)," Dabakis
joked.

In a sign of their hurry to wed, many were dressed informally, with one woman
arriving in hospital scrubs. Salt Lake County deputy clerk Dahnelle Burton-Lee
said that by the end of the day, 124 marriage licenses had been issued, a
possible record, although about a dozen may have gone to heterosexual couples.

Same-sex couples also tried to obtain marriage licenses in Weber County,
Washington County, Davis County and Utah County, but clerks there turned them
away on the grounds that they needed to see the federal court ruling and
evaluate it, said Kent Frogley, vice chairman of the board of the Utah Pride
Center, a gay advocacy group.

"I feel like we were denied our rights," said Terri Henry, 47, who was turned
down at the Utah County clerk's office in Provo when she tried to obtain a
license to marry her partner, Penny Kirby, 51. "I love Penny, and we deserve
this recognition."

Lawmakers in Utah, home to the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, had
passed laws to prohibit gay marriage, and voters in 2004 approved an amendment
to the state constitution restricting marriage to the union between a man and a
woman.

The Mormon Church, which has softened its stance on homosexuality in recent
years, saying the origins of sexuality are not fully understood, was not a party
to the lawsuit but wields considerable influence in the state.

"The Church has been consistent in its support of traditional marriage while
teaching that all people should be treated with respect," a Church spokesman
said. "We continue to believe that voters in Utah did the right thing by
providing clear direction in the state constitution that marriage should be
between a man and a woman and we are hopeful that this view will be validated by
a higher court."

Natalie Dicou (L) and her partner Nicole Christensen wait to get married at the
Salt Lake County Clerks office in Salt Lake City, Utah, December 20, 2013.
[Photo/Agencies]

Kim Hackford-Peer (L) marries her partner Ruth Hackford-Peer (R) as Ruth holds
their son Casey, 7, at the Salt Lake County office building in Salt Lake City,
Utah, December 20, 2013. [Photo/Agencies]

The first gay couple to be married in Utah, Michael Ferguson (2nd R) and his
husband Seth Anderson (R), kiss as Blake Ferguson (L) and his girlfriend
Danielle Morgan watch after the pair married at the Salt Lake County Clerks
office in Salt Lake City, Utah, December 20, 2013. A federal judge on Friday
struck down Utah's ban on same-sex marriage as unconstitutional, a ruling that
appeared to clear the way for Utah to become the 18th US state to allow gay
marriage. [Photo/Agencies]

<p class='syndigate_disclaimer'>© Copyright 2013 China Daily Information
Company.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2013 China Daily Information.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              450 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                       May 13, 2005 Friday Final Edition

Smokers' groups call for boycott of cancer charities

SOURCE: The Associated Press

SECTION: CANADA/WORLD; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 317 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, N.Y.


Smoking rights' groups, tavern owners and libertarian political parties in nine
states are calling for a boycott of donations to major charities, saying their
support of smoking bans is a threat to small businesses and civil rights.

"No more," says Audrey Silk, founder of NYC Citizens Lobbying Against Smoker
Harassment, which is leading what appears to be the first-ever boycott of the
American Cancer Society, American Lung Association and American Heart
Association.

"We will stop contributing to Big Nanny," she said. "Why do we want to donate to
groups that are out to ruin our businesses and demean us as human beings?"

Smokers' and libertarian groups from Minnesota to Massachusetts are targeting
the nonprofits for their political activities.

The smokers' rights groups complain that the charities don't just support
research and people afflicted with disease, but use their considerable lobbying
power to help write smoking bans in states and municipalities.

Silk says her group gets no money from tobacco interests.

Silk targeted the American Cancer Society's radio and print advertising campaign
in New Jersey, which calls on residents to urge their elected officials to pass
an indoor smoking ban. Such bans hurt "mom-and-pop businesses and are intended
to make pariahs out of adults engaging in a legal behaviour," she said.

American Cancer Society national spokeswoman Colleen Wilber said she hasn't
heard of such a boycott before.

But she said the organization's lobbying efforts to support smoking bans to
protect workers from secondhand smoke often draw local opposition.

"We know people lose their lives to secondhand smoke and we see it as our
obligation to protect those people from getting sick or dying," said Karen
Becker, spokeswoman for the American Cancer Society of New York and New Jersey,
which supports New Jersey's proposed indoor smoking ban.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 2005 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              451 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                          September 23, 2010 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Everybody's Column

SECTION: VIEWPOINTS; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 1104 words


Fences help U.S. keep illegal immigrants out

As a retired Border Patrol agent, I have a few thoughts on the Sept. 12
Viewpoints article in which author Peter Schrag demeans the last
administration's initiative of enhanced fencing at the most frequently crossed
border area on our southern border. Schrag believes that "good fences make bad
policy" and have "unintended consequences." He seems to equate bad policy with
his estimated high costs of enforcing immigration law and the unintended
consequences of preventing illegals from returning to their homes. He tries to
make a case for using this enforcement funding to improve Mexican infrastructure
and economic development in Mexico!

What Schrag doesn't take into account is a policy that lessens border
enforcement will result in an unprecedented number of illegals (from all
countries) seeking the good life here. This will cheapen our labor market and
simply enrich the "haves" of Mexico while the "have nots" continue to flee.

The enhanced fencing works. Where it has been completed, it is a big success. I
recently listened to the Border Patrol chief from Yuma Sector say that arrests
in Yuma went from 175,000 in 2005 to 7,000 last year. Chula Vista Sector is
experiencing the same success. Why are Tucson, Phoenix and eastern Arizona being
inundated? The current administration stopped enhanced fence construction before
completion in that area.

What's needed now? Finish the fencing, resume interior enforcement and
deportation action, tighten up visa issuance by the State Department and end the
large city sanctuary practice that forbids municipal cooperation with the
Immigration and Customs Enforcement and Border Patrol.

The fencing will work. Good fences make good neighbors.

Dick Mauer

Angola

***

Comparison was insult to the Three Stooges

It was outrageous and demeaning of Donn Esmonde to compare Al D'Amato, Ed Koch
and Carl McCall to the Three Stooges. Curly, Larry and Moe were talented,
hard-working professionals who will be fondly remembered by many for years to
come. They do not deserve to be likened to those New York State politicians.

Kevin O'Brien

Williamsville

***

Colleges need to lower high cost of textbooks

I would like to address the completely outrageous cost of college textbooks. In
my personal situation, the cost for books for 13 hours of credit for the fall
semester at Niagara County Community College is more than a mortgage payment,
that is, just shy of $900. That isn't even including tuition. Books have always
been expensive, but with the economy in its present state, the pinch is felt
even more deeply.

My main complaint is that the books never seem to be the required reading for
the next semester. The ability to buy used books doesn't seem to regularly
exist. Of course, the ability to sell the textbook back to the bookstore or
another student is equally elusive. All too often the professor is the author.
Is he/she reaping the profit? Why is it so expensive to the student? I do
understand that it is expensive for a publisher to print a relatively small
number of copies, but there is surely a way that can be designed to reduce the
cost. To me, this just reeks of a racket.

By way of creating pressure on the colleges, professors and publishers, we need
to make it very well known that this expense is way out of control. I am not in
favor of books used being exclusively online, as most students need the book to
be in hand for the most effective means of studying. Some schools rent textbooks
to students, returning them at the end of the semester with a cost to students a
fraction of the purchase price. I am sure that if we all get behind this
travesty, an equitable solution can be found.

Ann Finkle

North Tonawanda

***

Why did man with DWIs receive a liver transplant?

My late husband was an educated pharmacist, a giving, caring man and a good
husband. He was on organ transplant lists for two years and died when no match
could be found in time to save his life. I witnessed his suffering and watched
him get sicker and sicker, hoping every day that a kidney would become
available, knowing very well that he could die without a transplant.

The process to get on the transplant list is intensive, intrusive, lengthy and
in depth, as is the yearly review to stay on the list.

I simply do not understand how a Cheektowaga man, Gurninderjit Thandi, not only
was placed on the liver transplant list with two drunken driving convictions but
actually received a transplant. He has now been arrested a third time, with a
blood-alcohol level seven times the state's legal limit.

Thandi's acceptance for a transplant simply defies logic, and I am infuriated by
his casual indifference to his second chance at life when others are dying
because organs are not available for transplant. Thandi, his physicians and the
transplant team that evaluated and accepted him need to explain this situation.

I hope no one who is considering donating an organ decides against this precious
gift of life because of Thandi's behavior. If so, everyone involved has done a
great disservice to those patients who are on transplant lists. I know. My
husband was one of those patients.

Judith J. Torrontor

Clarence Center

***

Forget about statistics; region isn't doing well

Spare me from the folly of yet another statistical report alleging that the
Western New York region is doing just fine! Anyone with any common sense knows
intuitively that such reports are pure bunkum. Always were, always will be. What
joy is there in a report that tells us that things are bad in Western New York,
but they are not as bad as in other places around the country? When a region is
as chronically depressed as this one, how much lower can you go anyway?

Perhaps the only thing more insidious than silver-tongued politicians who twist
the meanings of words are economists and statisticians who distort the
significance of numbers. Both types of authority figures lie to us -- they just
do it with different tools.

Anyone who got beyond high school math knows that, in order to make a point, you
can interpret the same set of statistical data in just about any way you choose.
Just like a tractable judge can decide a case one way but not the other on the
same evidence, so, too, can a smart statistician support whatever conclusion his
client wants him to reach.

Trusting in such authority figures to lead us to the truth only takes us down a
path where we get so lost we can never find our way back. Most likely, we are
already at that junction. Forget the selectively chosen numbers. It's wiser to
trust your own eyes and ears, and act accordingly.

John-Michael Battaglia

Buffalo

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letters

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              452 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 8, 1998, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Wilbur Cross High, Another View

SECTION: Section 14CN; Page 5; Column 1; Connecticut Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 424 words


Thank you for your excellent tribute to our friend and classmate, Oral Jones
("Trying to Make Peace With an Untimely Death," Feb. 15).

Oral's memory is a guiding light for New Haven's youth, and any attempt to keep
that memory alive should be encouraged. Oral was a pillar of our community at
Wilbur Cross, and he loved the school as much as anyone. Although he would have
succeeded at any school, Cross was the perfect place for Oral.

The description of this school, however, gave a superficial impression that
reinforced many of the falsehoods that demean our school. In the article, the
school's description sounds like a prison. Words like "barricade" and "herd"
bring to mind a cattle ranch.

Our school is not such a place, and we are not animals. The atmosphere at Wilbur
Cross, a school consisting of caring teachers and supportive students, is ideal
for adolescent growth. Cross has turned many children into intelligent, mature,
open-minded adults. Oral was one of them.

The assertion that knives and guns are smuggled into the school, although
attributed to the student newspaper, was based on the comments of two students.

We believe that the security precautions, the hard work of Cross's staff, and
the general student attitude are successful in keeping guns out of our building.

The paragraph describing the school's metal detectors and security cameras, as
well as the alleged knives and guns, concludes with the mentioning of the
Cross's day care center. In a discussion of negative attributes, the
well-respected Elizabeth Celotto Child Care Center is completely out of place.

The statement that "On the surface, Wilbur Cross High School appears to be an
unlikely place for a teen-ager like Oral Jones to have thrived" suggests that
Oral was too good for our school. Despite living out of Cross's district, Oral
chose to come here, and he was proud of Cross: proud of its sports teams, proud
of its academics, and proud of its positive, diverse family of friends. If Cross
is an unlikely place for motivated students to succeed, what is a likely one?

Perhaps you were gearing this article toward the families who send their
children to the suburban schools that abound in Connecticut, many of which
believe the infamous rumors and lies that plague inner-city schools. Your
article reinforces these generalizations and stereotypes. Anyone who goes to or
works at Cross know these to be false.

THOMAS WHITNEY
New Haven

The letter was also signed by 12 other seniors at Wilbur Cross High School.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              453 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 9, 1998, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Bowman acknowledges Blake's coaching legend

BYLINE: Kevin Allen

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 10C

LENGTH: 240 words

DATELINE: DETROIT


DETROIT -- Red Wings coach Scotty Bowman respects Toe Blake too
much to suggest that his eighth Stanley Cup title would put him
in Blake's league.

"I don't think there is really much comparison," Bowman said.
"He coached in the league 13 years and won eight championships.
I don't know if anyone can ever equal that."

Bowman has been to the Finals 12 times in 26 seasons. He was in
Montreal coaching in juniors when Blake was coaching the Canadiens.

"I'm not trying to demean my own accomplishments, but he was
a good friend," Bowman said. "When I went back to Montreal to
coach, he had been retired for three years before that and he
was always available."

He gave Bowman advice. "He had been there before and always seemed
to say the right thing," Bowman said. "I think he always had
a good relationship with players."

Washington coach Ron Wilson gives Bowman more credit than Bowman
does.

"The most impressive thing is his ability to adjust over the
years," Wilson said. "A lot of coaches are very regimented in
how they coach. If you look at Scotty's teams in St. Louis, Montreal,
Buffalo, Pittsburgh and Detroit, they have all been different.
He has been flexible enough to start in the '60s, '70s, '80s and
go into the '90s."

Wilson said Bowman's record is amazing: "Is this his 12th Final?
And he won seven, that's just amazing. I'm just trying to win
one and that's incredible."

LOAD-DATE: June 09, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              454 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 9, 1981, Friday, Late City Final Edition

NIXON, ISRAEL AND THE U.S.-SAUDI AWACS DEAL

SECTION: Section A; Page 30, Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 774 words


To the Editor:

In charging that Israel and some American Jews are a controlling element in the
Awacs debate (news story Oct. 4), Richard Nixon's prejudices surprised only few
people. But in his reasons for approving the sale, he denigrated and humiliated
our country.

oo many people mistakenly believe that the former President's support of Israel
during his blighted term of office was proof of his friendship for the Jewish
nation. In fact, Mr. Nixon's pro-Israel record was rooted only to his
anti-Soviet attitudes; Israel, he believed, could be an effective military
bulwark for us in case of need and had to be kept strong for that reason. And
any doubts about the ex-President's feelings toward Jews generally were wiped
away in his comments about them on his own White House tapes.

To equate, as Mr. Nixon does, Prime Minister Begin's relationship (debt) to the
United States with America's relationship (debt) to Saudi Arabia demeans us.
What do we owe the Saudis? What has that oil-wealthy but weak anti-democratic
Middle East kingdom done for our nation except to s ell us oil at prices so
outrageous they have helpedprecipitate a n inflation that may bring our economy
crashing down.

For Mr. Nixon to urge that Israel must not offend its ''richest neighbor'' is to
put a price on principle, to debase the meaning of the word neighbor and to
forget the intransigent refusal of the Saudis to help Israel do anything but
die.

The ex-President warns of the consequences to ''Mr. Begin and parts of the
American Jewish community'' if they cause the defeat of the Awacs sale. American
Jews, like most other Americans, do not flinch in fear of punishment for using
their right of free speech to express honest opinions.

As for Mr. Begin, he has done no more or less than many other interested
outsiders, including Saudi's Prince Khalid, who, in Los Angeles a few weeks ago,
threatened to turn the Arab states toward the Soviets. Only days later in New
York, Saudi Foreign Minister Saud al-Faisal publicly rejected Secretary Haig's
suggestion about sharing control of the Awacs, and he talked about needing the
airplanes for his country's security. All while the Minister's nephew, Prince
Bandar bin Sultan, has been freely Awacs-lobbying for an extended time in our
nation's capital.

More to the point: The many senators and representatives who are opposed to the
Awacs sale to the oil kingdom cite reasons that, careful scrutiny shows, have
little or no relationship to Israel.  Here's what they are saying:

* The Awacs sale will catalyze an uncontrollable Mideast arms race and destroy
any prospect for peace. We have refused NATO our Awacs, why Saudi Arabia?

* If Saudi Arabia goes the way of Iran, we lose $8.5 billion worth of advanced
and sensitive military equipment to enemies, including the Soviets.

* The Saudis, by refusing us partnership control of the Awacs, are intent on
proving to the Arab world that they, not we, call the tune in our relationship
with them.

* It is a sick joke to believe that, with five Awacs or any other military
hardware, Saudi Arabia can prevent internal revolution or hold off for any
useful time an attack in the sky and on the ground by a Soviet juggernaut.

* The U.S. cannot buy Saudi support of our Camp David policy with Awacs. We
tried that with our F-15's, and the Saudis nevertheless then condemned the
American-sponsored Israeli-Egyptian peace pact, cut off diplomatic relations
with Egypt and inspired an Arab boycott against that country, called for a holy
war against Israel, funded the P.L.O. - all while tripling the price of its oil
to us.

Of course, Israel and its friends are fearful for its safety if the Awacs deal
goe s through - but, clearly, that is only secondary to the many persuasive,
self-interested argument s against the sale. Mr. Nixon's suggestion that the
United States Con gress can be manipulatedby Israel and the American Jewish
community c omes right out of the arsenal of professional anti-Semites the worl
d over. For shame.  ARNOLD FORSTER New York, Oct. 5, 1981

The writer is general counsel of the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith.

*

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: drawing

TYPE: letter

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              455 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             June 30, 2012 Saturday

No biggie to fund pensions locally

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1108 words


No biggie to fund pensions locally

Concern has been expressed that local funding of the employer's contribution to
the Teachers' Retirement System would place an onerous burden on property
taxpayers. This concern is unfounded.

In most suburban school districts about 65 percent of the local property tax
revenue is allocated to support the local school districts.

Teachers' salaries and benefits consume about 25 percent of the annual spending
by each school district.

Nationally, the percentage ranges from 20 to 30 percent per district, but the
average for Illinois school districts is about 25 percent. When the salaries of
other certified personnel such as administrators and curriculum directors are
included, the total could be as high as 40 to 45 percent of the total
expenditures. For discussion purposes, I will use the figure of 45 percent.

If a homeowner's real estate tax obligation were $7,500, $4,875 would be
allocated to support the local school districts; $2,194 of that would be used to
pay for salary and benefits of teachers and other certificated personnel.

If the school district contributed 6 percent of the salaries of all certificated
personnel to the Teachers' Retirement System, the district would need an
additional $132 of tax revenue from a taxpayer whose total bill had been $7,500.

The $132 can be deducted from one's adjusted gross income on his/her federal
1040 income tax return.

If a person's federal income marginal tax rate were 20 percent, his real
increased property tax burden would be about $105 or less than $9 per month. For
those in higher income tax brackets the additional property tax burden would be
less.

Teachers and other certificated personnel in Illinois are not allowed to
participate in Social Security, so school districts are absolved from paying 6
percent of each certificated employee's salary to the Social Security
Administration.

If school districts in Illinois were to assume the obligation to pay 6 percent
of each certificated employee's salary to TRS, the district would pay about the
same amount of money to TRS as it would be required to pay to Social Security if
certificated employees participated in Social Security.

Donald Brown

Geneva

Don't tear down old Geneva High

Recently, the Geneva school board invited citizens to comment on the proposed
destruction of the building that was the site of Coultrap Elementary School, and
before that, Geneva Community High School.

The response of those present was emphatically in favor of preserving the
building, not only for its historical significance but for its potential value
as an education facility.

Some of them spoke eloquently about the need to take better care of Geneva's
heritage. Others urged the board to think creatively and engage the help and
advice of interested members of the community.

Sound public policy is based on consensus. Since the consensus is against
tearing down the building, we would hope that the board will look for a
constructive solution.

Jim Coulos

Class of '46

Geneva High School

Dems never had lock on Congress

I repeatedly hear pundits, politicians and ordinary people mistakenly claim that
President Obama had a Congressional majority for two years and failed to pass
legislation.

May I remind people: At the time of the Inauguration, there were 56 Democratic
senators and two independents who usually vote Democratic, but the
filibuster-proof number of 60 was not reached because the installation of Sen.
Al Franken was held up for six months.

Sen. Ted Kennedy took ill on Inauguration Day and was mostly absent the Senate
until his death. Sen. Robert Byrd died the same year.

Even when Arlen Specter switched to the Democratic Party, Franken had still not
been seated. Scott Brown was elected to the Senate in February, 2010, reducing
the Democrats to 57 plus two independents.

Ordinarily, a majority is necessary to pass legislation, but this Congress has
insisted on a filibuster-proof, 60-vote majority.

The Democrats did have a 60 vote majority for four months from late 2009 to
January 2010 -- with more than one month off for the holidays and other days
when Congress was not in session. So the majority can be counted in days.

The stimulus, immigration, gay rights -- all of these were unable to pass
because the Democrats did not have a majority as so many falsely claim, and
Republicans were unified in voting as a bloc against all Obama initiatives.

So don't claim the Democrats had a majority and failed -- check the historical
facts before you believe the disinformation.

Also, recall that Republicans controlled the House, Senate and presidency for
six years, from 2001 to 2007.

Marie Harris

Bartlett

Parents who demean do great harm

I was enjoying a beautiful June evening when I witnessed something I will never
forget. A father was teaching his son about baseball and how to play the game.
Being about 4 years old, the boy needed encouragement rather that criticism.
After watching for about two minutes, I could see the father was getting very
annoyed. The father then ended the evening calling his son worthless, useless
and another name which I cannot mention here.

I called my son in California and told hm about this. How can children grow up
in a house (I can't call it a home) where a parent bullies and demeans a child
like this? No wonder we have a society where there is so much violence. If this
is what children learn at home, they don't know any better.

I would like to have wished a Happy Father's Day to this boy's so-called father,
but I just could not get the words out. I hope that he gets some kind of help
and one day realizes that having a child is a great responsibility that requires
patience and love. Good luck to the young one; he will need it.

Marie Nalepa

Wheeling

Manipulating public opinion on guns

The Herald continues to practice selective reporting. Case in point, what was
the purpose of Operation Fast and Furious? It was a planned war against the
Second Amendment, to take away guns from law-abiding citizens. How do you do
that? Well, by manipulating public opinion. So how is that done? You take
stimulus money, force gun owners to give these weapons to murderous thugs from
Mexico, then blame guns for the violence.

Did the program succeed? There were over 200 Mexican civilians murdered and two
U.S. border agents killed. Who is to blame? The administration, King Obama, is
not cooperating. He is hiding these facts, since these are impeachable offenses.

What are the ramifications? We may face a constitutional crisis: Do we impeach
the king or do we just vote him out? What about Attorney General Eric Holder? He
should go to jail for a very long time.

Roman G. Golash

Palatine

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              456 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 28, 2012 Saturday

EDITORIAL: GSA scandal another black eye for government workers

BYLINE: Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 606 words


April 28--The Issue: A federal agency is engulfed in controversy amid reports of
administrators treating themselves lavishly at taxpayers' expense.

Our opinion: This is the last thing embattled government employees need right
now, but they have no one but their colleagues to blame.

These are difficult times for government employees. Budget pressures have
threatened jobs that once were thought to be among America's most secure. Public
workers are vilified for the pay and benefits they receive, and stereotypes
about bureaucrats are hardly kind to them.

We have no doubt that the vast majority of workers in all levels of government
are hardworking individuals and faithful public servants. Rhetoric that demeans
them is hurtful to the workers themselves and to the countless Americans who
depend on their efforts.

But it's impossible to ignore scandals such as the one at the federal General
Services Administration. It gives plenty of ammunition for those who would paint
government workers as parasites living high off the taxpayers' money.

An investigation determined that a GSA administrator organized a lavish Las
Vegas conference for agency workers that cost more than $800,000 and took trips
to Hawaii, Napa Valley and South Pacific islands on the taxpayers' dime. GSA
interns were treated to a five-day stay at a resort in Palm Springs, Calif.
Officials made special deals with resorts and got suites where parties were held
at taxpayer expense.

The agency is under investigation for kickbacks, bribery and other matters, and
criminal prosecutions are likely. The GSA's top official has resigned, two top
aides were fired and at least 10 individuals have been placed on administrative
leave. The administrator who organized the Las Vegas conference cited the Fifth
Amendment when called before a congressional panel.

Rep. Jeff Denham, R-Calif., chairman of a congressional hearing on the scandal,
said the agency suffered from a culture of fraud, waste and corruption: "This
certainly is not only a dark day for GSA but a dark day for the U.S.
government."

It's unfortunate that the behavior on display, while obviously reprehensible, is
not exactly shocking. As Berks County residents know well, sometimes government
officials do allow a sense of privilege and entitlement to take over. Who can
forget the infamous reports of lavish meals served at Reading School District
functions?

Lawmakers are working on putting safeguards in place to prevent such outlandish
expenditures. The result very well may make it harder for government agencies to
do legitimate work and organize events that could help them do their jobs
better.

Already about three dozen GSA conferences have been canceled in the wake of the
scandal. Perhaps that's for the best, but we only can wonder what is being lost
in the process of cleaning house.

New oversight measures will do only so much. We only can hope for an end to the
culture in government agencies that seems to encourage this kind of behavior.

The GSA seems to be at particular risk. There have been scandals there in the
past. The agency provides logistical support for other federal agencies, and
that means plenty of money and resources to tempt dishonest employees, according
to the inspector general who oversees the GSA.

For the sake of the countless honest government employees who don't enjoy lavish
travel perks, we hope someone learns a lesson from this.

If not, what's left of the public trust in government and its workers won't be
around for long.

___ (c)2012 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120428-RE-EDITORIAL-GSA-scandal-another-black-eye-for-government-workers-0428-
20120428

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2012 Reading Eagle


                              457 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                          February 15, 2006 Wednesday

Court to hear arguments aimed at removing lawyers from case;
1984 murder: Prosecutors point to arrests last year;
the defense team calls their motions frivolous

BYLINE: Stephen Hunt , The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: UTAH;  Pg. B2

LENGTH: 486 words


A judge will hear arguments today on a motion by Box Elder County prosecutors to
remove defense attorneys from the case of a gas station attendant murdered in
1984.

Prosecutors want attorneys Rich Mauro and Scott C. Williams disqualified because
Mauro and private investigator Ted Cilwick were arrested in Spokane last year
for allegedly tampering with potential witnesses in the capital murder case.

Mauro and Williams' defense team counters that prosecutor Tom Stevenson is
conducting a frivolous "smear campaign" designed to "harass and demean" them.
They have asked 1st District Judge Ben Hadfield to order Stevenson to pay Mauro
and Williams' legal costs.

Prosecutors have already withdrawn one accusation  --  that Mauro pretended to
be a TV reporter while trying to interview a woman in Brigham City last year.

Stevenson this week conceded that Mauro's cell phone records prove he was in
Salt Lake City at the time in question.

But prosecutors are not backing down on claims that Mauro and Cilwick tampered
with at least one potential witness in the murder case.

The witness, Lorraine Rima, "seemed easily confused, but was adamant that the
attorneys had told her that she was not to talk to police," according to
Stevenson.

The defense claims Rima is unreliable because she suffers from lupus, is 100
percent disabled, takes 14 medications daily and has admitted memory problems.

Two other witnesses who accused Mauro and Cilwick of telling them not to talk to
police now say they were confused. But Stevenson says their stories changed
after being visited by yet another attorney, whom Stevenson claims was Williams.

Stevenson claims Mauro must be removed from the case because he may have to
cross-examine these same witnesses at trial. The prosecutor claims Williams also
must be removed because of his purported involvement with the witnesses.

The case has drawn national attention from defense attorneys.

Salt Lake City defense attorney G. Fred Metos, writing on behalf of the National
Association of Criminal Defense Attorneys, is urging Hadfield to conduct a
careful inquiry before removing Mauro and Williams.

Otherwise, Metos said, a prosecutor will be able to choose his opponent by
claiming conflicts of interest "until a lawyer that meets his liking has
accepted the case."

Hadfield appointed Mauro and Williams to represent Wade Maughan  --  one of two
men charged with killing and robbing 22-year-old Bradley Newell Perry on May 26,
1984.

Maughan, 50, allegedly told police he merely held Perry's legs while Glenn
Howard Griffin, 48, stabbed the victim with a screwdriver.

Griffin was tied to the homicide last year when his DNA was matched to blood on
a dollar bill that Griffin allegedly gave in change to two customers who stopped
for gas and cigarettes.

Additional investigation led police to Maughan, a close friend of Griffin who
was living in Spokane. Both men are Cache County natives.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              458 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                    November 1, 1991, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Ojibway sues after protest

SECTION: SPORTS; SPORTSLINE IN BRIEF; Pg. F1/BREAK

LENGTH: 120 words


An Ojibway Indian who says he was spit on and called chief during a World Series
game between the Atlanta Braves and Minnesota Twins has filed a discrimination
complaint in Georgia asking the Braves to change the team name.

Fred Veilleux, active in efforts to get Minnesota high schools to abandon Indian
mascot names, said the Atlanta team name demeans Indians.

Veilleux said he filed the complaint last Friday after travelling to Atlanta to
attend Game 5 of the World Series the previous night. He said headdress-wearing
and tomahawk-chopping Atlanta fans spit on him and called him "chief" because he
carried a sign reading: "American Indians are human beings. We are not mascots.
We deserve respect."

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1991 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              459 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 23, 2003 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Everybody Has A Mother

SECTION: Section 6; Column 3; Magazine Desk; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 128 words


It is unremarkable that Zacarias Moussaoui has turned his criminal trial into a
circus. He is simply behaving according to his training as a Qaeda operative by
undermining and mocking our judicial system every chance he gets.

In perfectly manipulating his given forum, Moussaoui has already "won,"
regardless of any eventual conviction and sentence. His mother's not dissimilar
grandstanding has had a like effect -- she made the cover of your magazine.

Because he only distorts and demeans the attempted adjudication of United States
of America v. Zacarias Moussaoui, it behooves the government to strike his stage
by removing the case to a military tribunal. If this is done, I guarantee that
his clowning and irrational outbursts will cease.

Jack Barry
Louisville, Ky.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              460 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      May 15, 1995, Monday, FINAL EDITION

LPGA pioneer Suggs solidly behind Mechem

BYLINE: Janice Lloyd

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 255 words

DATELINE: WILMINGTON, Del.


Louise Suggs is a hero to many, but Saturday she was the one worshiping from
afar.

Suggs, a founder of the LPGA, sat in the news conference at the DuPont Country
Club and listened to LPGA Commissioner Charles Mechem say stories about
lesbianism hurting the LPGA were "ridiculous" and "demonstrably untrue."

"I sure wish Charlie would stay around," said Suggs, 71. "He's a good man. And
he's been good to the LPGA."

Mechem, who will resign at the end of the year after five years as commissioner,
said such charges against women's golfers are part of an effort "to demean or
trivialize their performance and accomplishments."

Suggs' accomplishments are many: She won 50 tournaments during her career
(1950-84) and was the first player admitted to the LPGA Hall of Fame. She says
she's always been known to "tell it like it is."

So she did Saturday. Of the lesbian issue taking center stage, she said, "I
think it stinks.

"Who cares? If a woman goes out and does her job right, it shouldn't matter.

"It's not fair. It truly isn't."

Suggs agreed with Mechem that stories surface about lesbianism because men are
threatened by successful women.

"It's the good-old-boys network," said Suggs. "It's always protected the boys.
Why don't they get on the bandwagon with the girls?"

She doesn't see the issue dying and hopes the next commissioner is as supportive
of the women as Mechem has been.

"I feel sometimes there are vendettas, but that's coming from an old-timer.

"The world's got to become more broad-minded."

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, USA TODAY

LPGA CHAMPIONSHIP; See main story; 01C

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              461 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     June 30, 1992, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

No simple scenarios // Restrictions seen as 'burden,' 'protection'

BYLINE: Patricia Edmonds

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 530 words


Waiting 24 hours, hearing a lecture, talking to a parent - those are the
simple-sounding preludes to obtain an abortion that the Supreme Court says may
be required by law.

But there's no simple scenario for how such restrictions may play out around the
country, say partisans on both sides of the abortion debate.

Abortion rights advocates say the restrictions demean and overburden women,
especially those who are poor, young and living far from abortion facilities.
Abortion foes say the restrictions will impede some abortions but not many - as
long as the court upholds the right to abortion.

Ruling on a Pennsylvania law, the court said Monday states may require women to
hear information about alternatives to abortion, wait 24-hours before obtaining
an abortion and, if under 18 and unmarried, get permission from a parent or a
state judge.

If other states pass similar restrictions, the nearly 1.6 million abortions
performed annually may decrease, says Clarke Forsythe of Americans United for
Life. ''But you are not going to see abortion rates drop dramatically while
abortion on demand is still the law.''

Wanda Franz, president of the National Right-to-Life Committee, says anyone who
considers these restrictions ''onerous or burdensome ... is an extremist on the
issue.''

Law professor Laurence Tribe disagrees.

''Even though most Americans think a 24-hour wait is a minor matter, to a
terrified teen-ager, or a woman in a rural area who's had a hard time getting to
the distant clinic, or to women who've had to run the gantlet of screaming
Operation Rescuers, having to come back a second time may not seem like a small
matter at all,'' he says.

Chris Funk, executive director of Planned Parenthood of Lincoln, says a 24- hour
wait would keep some Nebraska women from getting abortions. The state's only two
abortion facilities are in Omaha, nearly 500 miles from the other end of the
state. Women who can't afford overnight stays - and a day or two off from work -
could find it especially hard to obtain an abortion when forced to meet the
24-hour waiting period requirement.

As for parental notification requirements, clinics already have seen ''minors
come in and lie about how old they are,'' says Alissa Porter, administrator for
the Utah Women's Health Center in Salt Lake. ''I had a 16- year-old tell me that
when she told her father she was pregnant, he punched her in the stomach.''

Maryland Planned Parenthood official Mary Ellen McNish says the restrictions
will drive more women to the ''overground railroad'' she's helping organize:
3,000 people in 35 states who will transport women across state lines to find
free abortion access.

Helen Alvare, of the National Conference of Catholic Bishops' anti- abortion
secretariat, says the limits are small steps toward ''protecting women's health
and parents' involvement'' in abortion decisions.

But because the court also reaffirmed the Roe decision, Alvare says abortion
foes wonder, ''Where do we go from here? If spousal notification is an undue
burden, then what kind of meaningful protections for unborn life won't be
considered an undue burden?

''The answer is, few.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, Tim Dillon, USA TODAY

CUTLINE: VOICING THEIR OPINIONS: Abortion rights activists protest in front of
the Supreme Court on Monday.

SUPREME COURT; ABORTION DECISION '92

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              462 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                    March 29, 1997, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

Few cults dangerous, experts claim

BYLINE: STEVE KLOEHN, CHICAGO TRIBUNE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 412 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


When word began to trickle out Wednesday about a mass suicide near San Diego,
most people knew nothing about the group Heaven's Gate, its fixation on the
Comet Hale-Bopp or its belief that a spaceship was hiding behind the comet.

All they knew was that the 39 victims were members of a "cult" -- and that said
plenty.

"The joke is that a cult is any religion more bizarre than your own," said
professor Mark Muesse of Rhodes College in Memphis.

The word "cult" conjures up images of the Branch Davidian compound outside Waco,
Texas, collapsing in a storm of bullets and flames in 1993, or the sprawl of
mottled bodies in Jonestown, Guyana, after 900 followers of the Peoples Temple
committed suicide in 1978.

Scholars say that the word obscures and demeans as many as 1,000 much more
benign religious movements that have popped up in the U.S. in the last three
decades.

It is more than a matter of political correctness. While some of these new
movements may be sophisticated and some just plain goofy, only a tiny minority
present a danger to their members or the rest of the world, the experts say.

J. Gordon Melton, director of the Institute for the Study of American Religions,
in Santa Barbara, Calif., said many movements came to America with immigrants.
Others sprang from the New Age craze.

"You've got a lot of communal groups," Melton said. "It's very difficult to tell
the difference between them just by looking at them."

James Richardson, a University of Nevada professor specializing in new
religions, said that it is "such a rare event that one becomes violent."

Most of these groups, he said, "grow increasingly domestic. Those groups that
were so controversial in the 1960s now are really kind of boring."

According to scholars, the kind of person most likely to join a new religious
movement fits a profile: young spiritual seekers, without strong previous ties
to religion, more often than not female.

Most who are attracted to the social side of a new religion move on in about a
year.

Those who stay, scholars say, are those most likely to put the beliefs of the
movement ahead of other aspects of their lives.

Who might move from strong belief to a willingness to commit suicide, however,
is much harder to predict.

Certainly one common denominator of violent and self-destructive movements is a
belief in the apocalypse, the imminent end of the world as we know it, along
with the beginning of a new age.


LOAD-DATE: March 30, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1997 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              463 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                          May 16, 2000, Tuesday, FINAL

Underdogs under pressure: Flyers up against another deficit

BYLINE: Alan Panzeri, Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: Sports; C2

LENGTH: 422 words

DATELINE: PHILADELPHIA


Mark Recchi didn't intend to slight the Pittsburgh Penguins, whom the
Philadelphia Flyers beat in the second round of the Stanley Cup playoffs. He
didn't mean to demean them, question their athletic ability, or provide some
locker-room fodder for next season.

Still, that's the way it came out, and it unintentionally provided a deep look
into the minds of the Flyers as they head into tonight's second game of the
Eastern Conference final against the New Jersey Devils.

The Flyers are not only the underdogs in this series, but they also feel like
the underdogs.

They may have been able to overcome losing the first two games to the Penguins
in the last round. However, down 1- 0 to the Devils after Sunday's 4-1 loss,
they absolutely can't fall behind by two games, said Recchi.

''Obviously,'' he said yesterday, with a pause for effect, ''that'd be a lot
more dangerous because (the Devils) are a better team.

''They're a lot deeper, they're a little more solid back on defence, and they've
played better as a team, in terms of defence, than Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh has a
good team, but it's not the same magnitude as what the New Jersey Devils have.''

Recchi was not hanging his head when he said this. His statement was simply
matter-of-fact.

Yet, even if he didn't come right out and finish where the thought was leading,
the implication was clear. Coming back from a 2-0 deficit to defeat the Devils
in the series would be as difficult as coming from three goals behind to beat
them in a game.

In short, close to impossible with the way the Devils are playing.

''We might have been able to go down 2-0 to Pittsburgh and come back,'' said the
Flyers' rookie goalie Brian Boucher.

''But I don't think we want to do that in a lot of series. So we have to treat
this one as a must-win game.''

The Devils haven't allowed anyone very much in these playoffs, with their 1.45
goals-against average leading the league. As well, their 32 goals tied them for
the playoff high with the Colorado Avalanche before last night's game between
the Avalanche and the Dallas Stars.

Plus, the Devils have gone 11-2- 2 against the Flyers during the past three
regular seasons. Is it any wonder the Flyers are starting to feel jinxed?

Just about every Flyer said their record against the Flyers had little bearing
when it came to the playoffs, and Boucher's comments were typical.

''We don't sit around the locker room and look at certain stats and put
ourselves down before the series even starts,'' he said.


LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: P Photo: Dan Loh, Associated Press / Flyers interim head coach Craig
Ramsay (left) and Roger Neilson, special assistant to the head coach, watch
their team during practice Monday.

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              464 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 25, 1997, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Fuhrman hot over 'Volcano'

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 91 words


In one scene in the film Volcano, opening today, a black
family fleeing hot lava asks a policeman for help. He brushes
them off. One retorts, "Oh great, Mark Fuhrman."

Thursday, the ex-LAPD detective told KKRZ radio in Portland, Ore.,
that he thinks it's "a reckless and malicious attempt to demean
me. They're saying basically that I turned my back on victims.
I think I'll give my attorney a call. That comment goes against
everything I was on the department."

The Volcano studio, 20th Century Fox, had no comment.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: PEOPLE

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              465 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 17, 1998, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

METRO NEWS BRIEFS: NEW YORK;
Legislators Oppose Marilyn Manson Concert

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B; Page 6; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 191 words

DATELINE: SYRACUSE


A group of Onondaga County legislators is threatening to cut $30,000 from a
local theater's financing unless it cancels a November concert by the shock-rock
group Marilyn Manson, which has stirred opposition nationwide with songs about
Satanism, suicide and sex.

Mayor Roy Bernardi of Syracuse and a local Catholic group are also trying to
keep the band from performing at the Landmark Theater on Nov. 19. Tickets went
on sale yesterday.

The legislative leader, William Sanford, said taxpayer dollars should not help
support performances that "demean, belittle, degrade, ridicule, attack."

Landmark officials at first said they would not bow to pressure. However, a
theater official, Dennis Snow, said yesterday that the threat may prompt them to
reconsider. "Losing $30,607 would be devastating," he said. "However, it would
be difficult for us to cancel this, especially since we figured it would
probably sell out. Now, with all this publicity, I'm sure it will sell out."

Not all local politicians oppose the concert. "If you don't like Marilyn Manson,
don't buy a ticket," said County Executive Nicholas Pirro, a Republican.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              466 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              May 8, 2010 Saturday

YOUR LETTERS

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 1187 words


Must Republicans be unattractive?

Are those really the best pictures the Dayton Daily News could find of John
Kasich, Sen. Shannon Jones and Michelle Schneider ("Kasich trails in cash, but
he's closing the gap" and "Ohio Senate candidates raking in cash for primary,"
April 23)? Meanwhile, Ted Strickland's photo is picture-perfect.

Does the DDN go out of its way to find terrible photos of Republican candidates?
I feel like I am watching a bunch of fraternity brothers picking pledges in the
movie "Animal House."

I can only assume that the DDN either hates Republicans or that it is just plain
lazy and cannot be bothered to find a better photo.

The people of the Dayton area deserve better than this. If a picture is worth a
thousand words, the DDN just published 3,000 words of hate. How are we to trust
anything written within its pages when it goes out of its way to demean people
it disagrees with?

Vince Pachiano

Washington Twp.

Must right wing dominate WHIO?

WHIO Radio, along with other local Cox companies, wants us to recognize it as
the election news leader. But as long as the radio station carries Rush
Limbaugh, Sean Hannity, Michael Savage and Glenn Beck, all spewing conservative
talking points ad infinitum, with no attempt to balance the rhetoric from the
left, I won't be tuning in any time soon. What ever happened to balance?
Newstalkradiowhio.com? How about newsrightradio?

Tom Schaefer

Harrison Twp.

Tea Party has nothing to offer

Re "Tea Party rally draws 8,000 to Nutter Center," April 14: I found some of the
comments at the April 13 Tea Party rally interesting. First, "We want capitalism
back." You already have it. It's called large corporate influence over the
domestic and global marketplace. Your federal government is the only protection
you have against corporate misdeeds.

Next, from an elected official: "We don't like being told what to do." Nobody
does, but sometimes this is necessary to maintain order. And is this member of
the House of Representatives subtly advocating anarchy?

The Tea Party is simply a reaction to a Democrat being elected president. Their
public expression gets its cue from Sarah Palin and Glenn Beck, who substitute
wisecracks for reasoned discourse.

Their platform consists of everything the frenzied crowd hates, but advocates
nothing of substance, opting for a vague theoretical wish list of political and
patriotic concepts.

"We the People" need to understand that the Tea Party movement is negative,
reactionary and has no uniform set of goals for the good of the country.

Patrick Suarez

Springfield

Tea Party won't get the job done

While I agree that there is a lot wrong with this country, the Tea Party is
doomed. This is another attempt to create a third party. Previous experience
should tell everyone that this will not be successful. I have followed and
listened to some of the speakers, and, to a person, not one has any suggestions,
answers or alternatives.

All they want to do is stir up the already impatient and disgusted populous with
cute and malicious comments about our current political arena. That includes
both parties.

What needs to be done is not create another fly-by-night party of misguided and
haphazard followers, but a movement of hardworking and determined voters who
will work to change the system.

As a Republican, now Independent, I am appalled and ashamed at how ridiculous
the party is acting and how lacking in vision and determination it has become.

We have strength in numbers, but, the numbers must equal something better. Work
for term limits. Eliminate the excessive influence of lobbyists. The most
powerful weapon you have is your vote. Use it, but use it wisely.

Vern Shuey

Vandalia

Why give weight to false claims?

Why is it that only when the Republicans are voted out of power do we have
militant groups emerge that wave their guns around while threatening to take
back power by force?

The worst part is that these groups, which apparently have no respect for how
democracy works, claim to represent patriots who want to protect the American
way of life.

What appears to aid and abet these movements is a news media that has become so
intimidated by the constant, false right-wing charges of a "biased liberal news
media" or a "government-run news media" that they no longer satisfy their
constitutional responsibility of seeking the truth.

They now appear satisfied to repeat deliberate misinformation and false
assertions, giving them the same weight as facts.

Much of this false information is then used to fuel the outrage of these hostile
and dangerous groups.

This sort of irresponsibility is what may someday destroy our American way of
life.

Daniel E. Fraga

New Carlisle

DDN embraces tax hikes too eagerly

I have come to the inevitable conclusion that the Dayton Daily News has never
seen a tax hike it opposes. Nearly every tax increase proposal that the paper
covers contains an editorial lauding its importance and necessity for the
children, the less fortunate or the disadvantaged.

I have yet to see even one editorial discussing the failures of these levies, so
advocated by the paper, and seldom see anything regarding the rampant fraud and
waste by government given these additional and "needed" monies. The revelations
relating to the Rev. Raleigh Trammell are an exception.

If the DDN would spend any time at all investigating the so-called good these
millions of additional taxes do, it would easily discover waste, corruption and
rampant fraud. I can say this so easily because I prepare taxes each tax season
and see it all the time.

Throwing more and more money to government only insures more and more of the
same waste, fraud and abuse of taxpayers' money. It is a national embarrassment.

Marcia Laning

Huber Heights

Troy should scrap its archaic policy

I am a native Troy resident, born and raised, and I have a tremendous respect
for this city and my fellow citizens. With that in mind, I was very upset when I
read that a local woman was denied a pass for her family to the Troy Aquatic
Park by an outdated and unfair policy.

Because this woman, her partner, and two children did not match the city's
definition of a family, she is being denied the respect and dignity that all
Trojans deserve.

The current policy defines a family as husband, wife, and children living under
the same roof. Since this definition was plucked from the 1950s, I assume
applicants must also provide evidence that they have a white picket fence, Mom
bakes apple pies, and Beaver Cleaver is behaving himself.

Alternatives to the nuclear family are on the rise in this country and in our
community, and our policies should reflect that change. Same-sex couples,
although unable to marry, raise their children in a stable and loving
environment, and are a family in every sense of the word.

The city claims that the policy was reviewed a few years ago, and deemed
appropriate for the community. This policy is discriminatory and sends the wrong
message: Your family is illegitimate and you don't deserve our respect.

The city of Troy should rewrite its policy to provide a safe, fair, and
family-friendly environment for all its citizens.

Cameron DeHart

Troy

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A large crowd shouts down U.S. Rep. Gresham Barrett, R-S.C., who was
booed off the stage at a Tea Party rally in Greenville, S.C., on Friday, April
17. Associated Press/ Greenville News photo by Bart Boatwright

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              467 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                         MARCH 1, 1998 Sunday D EDITION

HUCK FINN AS LEADER OF A 'RACIST' LITERARY LOT / CLASSICS BY WHITE AUTHORS HAVE
COME UNDER ATTACK.

BYLINE: Stephan Salisbury, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: FEATURES ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. F01

LENGTH: 1760 words


For some African American parents, the issue is as clear as a flickering cross:

Mark Twain's The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn is rife with racist language and
should not be foisted on young black children in the name of literature. Remove
it from the school curriculum.

That's what parents in Montgomery County's Upper Dublin school district have
urged in recent years. Some in Hartford, Conn., Lewisville, Texas, and Butler,
Ga., have wanted the same thing. In Seattle and San Diego, in New Haven and San
Jose and in Prince Georges County, Md., indignant parents have denounced the
book.

The Pennsylvania NAACP this month joined the chorus, passing a resolution that
called on school districts throughout the state to drop Huckleberry Finn from
classroom use because the text is littered with the so-called n-word.

Such language demeans African American students and poses a virulent threat to
their self-esteem, NAACP officials argued. And Huck becomes even more
destructive, they said, when only a few children in a class are African
Americans.

"We need to take a look at Huck Finn and the n-word, and say it is not needed,"
argued Richard P. Burton Sr., president of the state NAACP. "Young people are
very impressionable."

So far, the NAACP's call has met with a tepid response around the state, and
many intellectuals and writers - both black and white - have expressed dismay
over taking any political action with a whiff of censorship.

That said, the movement against Mark Twain seems alive and well, part of a
steady tattoo of complaints by African American parents and readers about
classic works of literature by white authors. In recent years there have been
challenges in numerous school districts to Harriet Beecher Stowe's Uncle Tom's
Cabin and Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird. Ostensibly racist language -
particularly use of the n-word - has prompted the attacks. The work of Ernest
Hemingway and William Faulkner has been the subject of similar challenges.

In each of these cases, a white author has conceived a black character or
presented black experience, and in each case the spoken language employed in the
text exposes raw social relationships. For those reasons, at least some black
readers have said the works are blatantly racist and destructive.

Some years ago, in a very public literary dust-up - arguably the most bitter
racial confrontation over a novel in recent times - a number of black
intellectuals accused William Styron of a kind of racist theft. They said he
stole the soul of Nat Turner, leader of a doomed and bloody 1831 slave
rebellion. Styron was scorched for creating not a powerful revolutionary hero
but an impotent failure and closet homosexual, or so it was charged.

The fight over The Confessions of Nat Turner, published in 1967, went far beyond
objections to language, of course, and stands at one extreme of black response
to white literary efforts. There is no question that the novel seemed to many
black readers less a creative work than an act of deliberate and even sinister
appropriation. Whether or not this is a fair reading, it does represent a
different order of complaint from the regular floggings afforded Huckleberry
Finn.

"With Styron, the whole point of the novel was the presentation of African
American character," said critic Catherine Stimpson, dean of New York
University's Graduate School of the Arts and Sciences, who is white. "It was not
a question of a white writer representing a black voice, but a question of
manner and stereotyping."

In Huckleberry Finn, she argued, the escaped slave Jim is an impressive and
complex character. The novel follows Jim and Huck as they launch a raft on the
Mississippi River and float south, seeking freedom from the literal and
figurative bonds of home life in their Missouri town. Twain struggled for a
decade with the text, finally publishing in the United States in 1885; but the
action is set before the Civil War, perhaps as early as the 1830s.

African Americans who have objected to the novel in recent years have been
largely stopped cold by words - beginning with the name Nigger Jim - that were
common currency in antebellum America.

Speaking of the Pennsylvania NAACP's call to ban the book, Judith Krug, director
of the Office of Intellectual Freedom of the American Library Association, who
is white, said, "The people who passed that resolution never got beyond the word
nigger. Every author portrays the period in which his story takes place. Samuel
Clemens [Mark Twain] was writing about his world and its past. He didn't like
slavery. He didn't want it in his world. But it was there nevertheless."

Krug believes that African American objections to Twain's book are a response to
what is perceived as a demeaning text."I don't think Huckleberry Finn is masking
a political agenda other than the fact that no one wants to be called 'nigger,'
" said Krug. "It's such a slap in the face these days. But what else are you
going to call a slave from the 1850s? They didn't have full names, only white
folk did. What a wonderful thing to teach children - how this was used to
diminish people and demean them."

Jim, in fact, is the only whole human being in Huckleberry Finn; learning that
is one of Huck's basic lessons. In a famous scene (one that makes pointed use of
the n-word), after Huck plays a nasty trick on him, Jim stings his young
companion to the core by telling him that "trash is what people is dat puts dirt
on de head er dey fren's en makes 'em ashamed."

Hearing this, Huck realizes how badly he has wounded Jim: "It made me feel so
mean I could almost kissed his foot to get him to take it back. It was 15
minutes before I could work myself up to go and humble myself to a nigger - but
I done it, and I warn't ever sorry for it afterwards, neither."

It is such intense moments that lead Deborah E. McDowell, professor of English
at the University of Virginia and an editor of the Norton Anthology of African
American Literature, to call Jim "the moral center of the book."

"He is continually correcting Huck, an adolescent who has imbibed the attitudes
and feelings of his time and place," McDowell, who is African American, said in
an interview. "Twain is seeking to socialize Huck away from those feelings and
attitudes. If a teacher can't teach that, he ought to turn in his badge."

At one point, Huck watches as two con men are tarred and feathered and run out
of a small town on a rail. Earlier, the pair had glommed on to Huck and Jim, and
committed a host of repugnant acts, ultimately selling Jim back into slavery -
"for forty dirty dollars," Huck mourns. But as Huck watches them being driven by
the mob, he thinks: "Well, it made me sick to see it; and I was sorry for them
poor pitiful rascals, it seemed like I couldn't ever feel any hardness against
them any more in the world. It was a dreadful thing to see. Human beings can be
awful cruel to one another."

This goes to the heart of Huckleberry Finn - a bitter but redemptive moment, and
the catalyst, as McDowell points out, is Jim.

"It seems a tragedy to ban Huck Finn," said McDowell, noting that high school
seems the appropriate point to introduce the text. "Teach it! Teach it! It is
not a perfect book by any means. But the knee-jerk response - he says 'nigger,'
let's take it out - doesn't lead anywhere. It doesn't lead students to refine
their critical sensibilities or their ability to make finer distinctions. It is
right to talk about the historical disregard for black Americans; it is another
thing to take that history and hold it against art and say, 'No, you cannot
represent me.' "

For one thing, she said, the censorious impulse may have unintended results,
leading, for instance, to the scapegoating of homosexuals in the denunciation of
Styron's Nat Turner.

"That's a no-win gain and shows clearly why censorship issues are so misguided,"
she said. "You go down the road of censorship and you are committed to the logic
of censorship. You say no to Huckleberry Finn today, and tomorrow they come
after you in the morning."

In fact, while Huckleberry Finn was among the dozen most challenged books in
school districts across the country during the academic year 1995-96, books by
African American writers constituted 25 percent of the total challenged,
according to a report published by People for the American Way, a First
Amendment advocacy group.

Maya Angelou's I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings was the most challenged book in
1995-96, the report states; The Color Purple by Alice Walker was close behind;
Richard Wright's Native Son, a perennial source of controversy, was also on the
list. Challenges against these African American works far surpassed the
challenges brought by African American readers against works by white authors,
the report says.

In light of this situation - widespread attacks on numerous black authors -
secondary school educators should be encouraged to include a diverse selection
of literary works for use in the classroom, said McDowell and others, including
Burton of the state NAACP.

That's as far as the NAACP goes. McDowell and other writers argue, however, that
teachers should not remove Twain from reading lists; rather, they should add
neglected and disparaged works by African American authors and discuss deeper
issues of race in America.

"In high school, there is no balance," complained poet Sonia Sanchez, professor
of English at Temple University, who is African American. "In terms of the
canon, there is nothing included that allows African American children to
measure their own experience. That's the problem with a canon - you exclude a
great deal."

Slave narratives, works by early black ethnologists like Martin Delaney, and
novels and stories by black writers of a slightly later generation like Richard
Wright could all enrich high school classrooms, Sanchez said. "Rather than seek
to ban books, I would much rather launch a campaign and go into these high
schools and suggest books that ought to be in the curriculum. One has to stretch
open the so-called canon. And we also should have ways of teaching teachers how
to deal with these issues.

"We fought for years and years because there were no African Americans in the
standard canon. We said at least include a Langston Hughes or a Richard Wright
or a Gwendolyn Brooks. They finally started to open up a bit. But that was a
struggle.

"It seems so clear: You can't understand America without understanding African
American literature. You simply can't."

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
PHOTO
Harriet Beecher Stowe's depiction of slavery in "Uncle Tom's Cabin" has come
under challenge in numerous school district.
Richard Wright is among the most challenged black writers.

                  Copyright 1998 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              468 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 26, 2015 Tuesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

James is undisputed King of the East

BYLINE: Michael Lee

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 922 words

DATELINE: CLEVELAND


CLEVELAND - To beat LeBron James in the playoffs, the victorious team needs to
be vastly superior, benefit from him inexplicably vanishing, be extremely angry
or shoot the lights out - and that still might not guarantee success. That no
Eastern Conference team has defeated James in the postseason since he made his
first jersey-shifting Decision in 2010 has accentuated the shortcomings of the
NBA's perennially weaker stepbrother but also James's individual, shape-shifting
brilliance.

James is one win from becoming the common denominator in the past five teams
from the East to reach the NBA Finals, a run that hasn't been matched for nearly
five decades. So it is with that understanding that the Atlanta Hawks are
neither frauds nor overrated should their season end Tuesday night with a sweep
- or after any other number of games that leaves them one series shy of the
franchise's first Finals trip since 1958. It's James's time to rule the East
until someone can take it from him.

With the Hawks looking uncharacteristically frazzled against a player whose
postseason résumé is more impressive than their entire roster's, this has become
the time for some to belittle the Hawks and demean their accomplishments. They
produced 60 wins, the top seed in the Eastern Conference, four all-stars and the
coach of the year while blocking out the distractions of an ownership transfer
and the banishment of their general manager. This isn't a failure, no matter how
it ends - and the Hawks know it.

"We never said it was going to be easy," all-star point guard Jeff Teague said.
"We're not going to discredit what we did this season."

The Hawks are an unlikely miracle comeback away from becoming the latest team to
realize this is the time of year when reasoned analysis doesn't always compute
and the numbers can lie because of James's ability to be spectacular despite
being inefficient, as he was in Game 3 on Sunday, when his missed field goal
attempts matched his jersey number - 23 - but he still willed the Cavaliers to a
114-111 overtime win.

James's four most valuable player awards and two NBA titles support his legacy
as a future Hall of Famer, but his postseason defiance has separated him from
his peers in this era. James already has toppled three No. 1 seeds in the
conference finals, and Atlanta would be the second 60-win team that he has
eliminated.

With longtime Gregg Popovich disciple Mike Budenholzer at the helm the past two
seasons, the Hawks have adapted the same principles that made the Spurs a
five-time champion, using a team-first approach that weaponized all five players
and made them more threatening individual components. The Hawks' team-building
strategy - which was executed splendidly by former Spurs executive Danny Ferry -
would be difficult to copy, but nothing about this postseason, or this series in
particular, has led them to second-guess the non-traditional superstar model.

"We don't care what anybody else thinks," all-star forward Paul Millsap said.
"We feel like we're a really good team. No matter what happens, still going to
be confident. We feel like we're going to do something special, whether it be
this year, next year, or whenever. We're going to stick to this."

The Hawks were the better team in the regular season but have experienced a
miserable collection of setbacks over the past two months. Millsap suffered a
right shoulder strain that continues to bother him. Thabo Sefolosha had his leg
broken and was lost for the season in an incident involving New York police
officers a week before the regular season ended. They got through the first two
rounds against Brooklyn and Washington relatively unscathed but have broken down
against Cleveland. DeMarre Carroll injured his knee in Game 1, and Kyle Korver
suffered a season-ending high ankle sprain in a collision with Cavaliers guard
Matthew Dellavedova.

Atlanta played its best basketball of the series in Game 3 when it was most
desperate, but some questionable decisions will continue to haunt them. The calm
and collected Al Horford lost his temper when Dellavedova fell into his ankle
and knee, and he retaliated with a WWE-approved elbow drop and got ejected.
Later, three Hawks failed to foul terrible free throw shooter Tristan Thompson,
allowing him to kick the ball out to James for the go-ahead three-pointer.

"I wish we were perfect," Budenholzer said, "but I don't think any team is
perfect."

But playing against James lessens the margin for error. Any misfortune or
split-second mistake will inevitably prove too costly to overcome. And,
unfortunately, most teams aren't equipped to defeat James - because they don't
have him.

James hasn't had the easiest path, either, but the Cavaliers have gone 11-2 this
postseason with Kevin Love out since the first round with a shoulder injury,
with J.R. Smith missing two games in the second round because of a suspension
and with all-star Kyrie Irving missing the past two games with left knee
tendinitis.

While others have won MVP awards during James's reign as the game's best player,
his presence has proven to be too intimidating and too overwhelming, especially
for foes in the East. With one more win in four chances, James would only trail
Kobe Bryant in Finals appearances among active players.

The Hawks know what they lack, but they also continue to hold out hope for a
breakthrough against James. "The series is not over," Teague said. "We still
have an opportunity to do something special. . . . We know we can beat this
team."

michael.lee@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              469 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Crain's Cleveland Business

                           December 17, 2001, Monday

Commentary: Time to put tech at top of the agenda

BYLINE: Brian Tucker

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 524 words


Not to demean anyone on Mayor-elect Jane Campbell's staff or transition team,
but I recommend tacking a Post-it note on everyone's forehead that paraphrases
one of the most famous concoctions of former Clevelander-now-network TV-reporter
George Stephanopoulos.

It would read ''It's the technology, stupid.''

It has been said and written that then-Clinton campaign manager Stephanopoulos
had pasted a homemade banner on the wall of their strategy room that prompted
everyone to beat on the economic weakness of the country as the former Arkansas
governor did battle with incumbent President George H.W. Bush.

Of course, we all know what happened. Despite a stunning military victory
against the army of Iraqi dictator Sadaam Hussein, President Bush lost to Gov.
Clinton precisely because of the weakness in the domestic American economy in
1992.

Jane Campbell is like the dog that caught the car bumper. Her thoughts, as she
prepares to confront the myriad challenges facing our city, must be ramming into
each other like bumper cars at Cedar Point. She could be forgiven for creating
her own sign: ''Where do I start?''

Well, one could make the argument that one of the first ways is by fulfilling a
campaign pledge she made during an interview with Chris Thompson, general
manager of CrainTech, our online technology publication for Northeast Ohio. In
the pre-election interview at the International Exposition Center, webcast for
all to see, the candidate said she would create a cabinet-level position in
order that her administration would give proper emphasis to technology and all
that it offers for our struggling economy.

She shouldn't waste much time on this one, because each day we don't put the
proper focus on remaking our economy represents several more weeks or months
that we fall further behind all our regional competitors. While we pine away at
the loss of jobs at LTV Steel's Cleveland Works, Pittsburgh forges further ahead
in the race to the economic future.

Granted, a few pieces are missing, the most prominent of which is a new
president for Case Western Reserve University, the research engine for our city.
And she must be compassionate toward the families of the LTV workers likely to
lose their jobs permanently, as well as be prepared for the disaster that may
await her in the city's Finance Department. But she cannot wait to solve those
thorny issues before centering on the technology piece, because it affects the
things we must do as a community.

It doesn't matter whether the mills along the Cuyahoga are on hot idle; the fact
is that we'll never again have the 4,000 good-paying jobs represented by those
hulking giants. But that's not to say we can't use the talents of many of those
workers, because we can. However, it will take training and a new mind set that
runs counter to the collective nature of labor unions.

The worker valued in our region's new economy will have the work ethic of his or
her immigrant parents (or grandparents) married with an education flush with
computer programs and spreadsheets.

It can be done. We just have to want it badly enough. Now.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2001 Crain Communications, Inc.


                              470 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                          May 16, 2000, Tuesday, EARLY

Devils have Flyers feeling desperate

BYLINE: Allen Panzeri

SECTION: Sports; D3

LENGTH: 948 words

DATELINE: PHILADELPHIA


PHILADELPHIA -- Mark Recchi didn't intend to slight the Pittsburgh Penguins,
whom the Philadelphia Flyers beat in the second round of the Stanley Cup
playoffs. He didn't mean to demean them, question their athletic ability, or
provide some locker-room fodder for next season.

Still, that's the way it came out, and it unintentionally provided a deep look
into the minds of the Flyers as they head into tonight's second game of the
Eastern Conference final against the New Jersey Devils.

The Flyers are not only the underdogs in this series, but they also feel like
the underdogs.

They may have been able to overcome losing the first two games to the Penguins
in the last round. However, down 1-0 to the Devils after Sunday's 4-1 loss, they
absolutely can't fall behind by two games, said Recchi.

''Obviously,'' he said yesterday, with a pause for effect, ''that'd be a lot
more dangerous because (the Devils) are a better team.

''They're a lot deeper, they're a little more solid back on defence, and they've
played better as a team, in terms of defence, than Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh has a
good team, but it's not the same magnitude as what the New Jersey Devils have.''

Recchi was not hanging his head when he said this. His statement was simply
matter-of-fact.

Yet, even if he didn't come right out and finish where the thought was leading,
the implication was clear. Coming back from a 2-0 deficit to defeat the Devils
in the series would be as difficult as coming from three goals behind to beat
them in a game.

In short, close to impossible with the way the Devils are playing.

''We might have been able to go down 2-0 to Pittsburgh and come back,'' said the
Flyers' rookie goalie Brian Boucher. ''But I don't think we want to do that in a
lot of series. So we have to treat this one as a must-win game.''

The Devils haven't allowed anyone very much in these playoffs, with their 1.45
goals-against average leading the league. As well, their 32 goals tied them for
the playoff high with the Colorado Avalanche before last night's game between
the Avalanche and the Dallas Stars.

Plus, the Devils have gone 11-2-2 against the Flyers during the past three
regular seasons.

Is it any wonder the Flyers are starting to feel jinxed?

Just about every Flyer said yesterday that their record against the Flyers had
little bearing when it came to the playoffs, and Boucher's comments were
typical.

''We don't sit around the locker- room and look at certain stats and put
ourselves down before the series even starts,'' he said.

''That's a waste of time and it doesn't mean anything in the playoffs.''

Still, Rick Tocchet, for one, conceded it was starting to wear on them.

''That's all you hear about here, how great they are,'' he said. ''That can get
into your psyche a little bit. You hear about our past record against them and
how bad it is. It'd be nice to get a win, to get that out of the way.''

The Devils are hardly what you'd call cocky. The confidence is as thick as the
sweat in their dressing room, but no one is getting too big for his helmet.

''That gets talked about a lot around here,'' defenceman Ken Daneyko said.

''From Larry Robinson, to the veteran guys, myself and Scott (Stevens) and
Claude Lemieux. It's just one game. That gets you nothing in a series. You can't
be satisfied with that.''

Flyers coach Craig Ramsay attributed many of his team's mistakes in Sunday's
loss to opening-game jitters. They got plenty of shots and chances to score on
Martin Brodeur, which was what they wanted to do.

However, early on there was too much energy in reserve after a four-day layoff,
and that led to early trouble. The game turned, he figured, when the Flyers
pressed to tie after the Devils scored in the first minute.

''We were a little excited and didn't stay as patient as we have to be. I think
that's what got us in trouble,'' Ramsay said. ''We started racing up and down
the ice trying for that one tying play.

''But we've talked about it, we've dealt with it, I think, and we have to stick
with our game plan, and if we do it, we can be successful.

''We know we can't make a lot of mistakes against them. They're a difficult team
to play against, because they have a lot of strengths now they may not have had
in recent years.

''But there is no question in the minds of the coaching staff, or in the minds
of the players, that we can beat anyone, anywhere, if we play our game.''

To anyone who was listening closely, the ''if'' had special emphasis.

It meant, captain Eric Desjardins said, the Flyers must play as well as they
can.

A perfect game, as it were.

''You always have to play with desperation in the playoffs,'' he said.

''It doesn't matter how many games you're won, you still have to play with
desperation.

''But by desperation, I don't mean that you play out of control. Desperation
means that everything has to be exactly right, the defence, the forechecking,
getting the puck out, and chipping it in when you have to.

''We've got to be smarter, especially in the neutral zone. If you look at the
goals they got, it's because we got beat in the neutral zone. That's probably
where we'll win or lose the series.''

Flyers winger John LeClair said the Devils were a funny team in that sometimes
you could lose to them and not know exactly why. That wasn't the case on Sunday,
though. The two quick goals at the end of the first period did the Flyers in.

In the end, LeClair said, analysis of past defeats alone was not going to
translate into victories.

''You can only talk so much about beating them,'' he said. ''We need to go out
and do it and build some momentum.''


LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              471 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                             April 4 1989, Tuesday

San Diego YC will contest court decision; Yachting

BYLINE: BARRY PICKTHALL

SECTION: Issue 63359.

LENGTH: 117 words


The San Diego Yacht Club confirmed last night that it would appeal the ruling
handed down by a New York Supreme Court justice last week that awarded the
America's Cup to New Zealand .

This flies in the face of worldwide opinion in the sport that further court
action would demean the club and the 138-year-old event.


Pat Goddard, commodore of the San Diego Yacht Club, said that it would appeal
against Justice Carmen Beauchamp Ciparick's ruling that overturned its victory
in last year's series. He said: 'We feel our overriding responsibility is to
protect the future liability of the America's Cup. A sporting event cannot
survive under the vague rules of the court's decision.'

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1989 Times Newspapers Limited


                              472 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                             May 4, 1972, Thursday

SECTION: Page 11, Column 1

LENGTH: 51 words

Vice Pres Agnew says on May 3 that Pulitzer award to NY Times for 'theft of Govt
documents demeans the Pulitzer Prize,' s, Charleston, SC; defends right of Govt
to maintain some secrets in interest of natl defense; says nobody elects NY
Times or Washington Post to make decision that deal with natl security

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

              Copyright 1972 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              473 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 17, 1996, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Turmoil on Lower East Side Is Hardly Typical of Boards

SECTION: Section 13;  Page 17;  Column 2;  The City Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 166 words


To the Editor:

I blame the craziness of Community Board 3 primarily on Councilman Antonio Pagan
and his followers. For while the squatters are just as inexcusably rude, it is
our elected officials who must exemplify our standards of civility.

He has accused his opponents of all sorts of conspiracies. His ranting,
accusatory style and pompous threats demean the dignity of his office; he
behaves in a manner more appropriate to a back-street bully than to an elected
official of a civilized nation.

And his followers ape their master. During both of Mr. Pagan's campaigns, his
followers harassed and insulted those they perceived as unsympathetic to their
candidate. His followers have brought the same tactics to the community board --
producing, for example, a task force report against the Cooper Square Mutual
Housing Association so full of inaccuracies and unsubstantiated accusations that
it has failed to win support among elected officials.

JOSEPH SERRANO
East Village

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              474 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 23, 1992, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Stanford Doctor to Get Training in Sensitivity

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B; Page 7; Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 214 words

DATELINE: PALO ALTO, Calif., March 22


A Stanford University surgeon accused of harassing a female colleague has been
demoted and has agreed to undergo sensitivity training, the dean of the
university's medical school said Friday.

The surgeon, Dr. Gerald Silverberg, who was acting chairman of the neurosurgery
department, demonstrated a "troubling insensitivity" in his working relations
with female students and physicians, said the dean, Dr. David Korn.

In a prepared statement, Dr. Silverberg said, "It was never my intention to
demean or insult any woman, but it is now clear to me that some things I said or
did in jest or from affection were taken as signs of disrespect."

Last June, an associate of Dr. Silverberg, Dr. Frances Conley, accused him of
propositioning her and demeaning her during surgeries.

Dr. Conley, a brain surgeon, resigned from her Stanford job in protest, saying
she was tired of years of subtle sexual harassment. Last fall, she withdrew her
resignation, saying she had decided to work within the system to change male
doctors' attitudes about women.

Dr. Silverberg is expected to take a sensitivity course and counseling next
year, and his progress in the program will be monitored.

Dr. Lawrence Shuer was named Friday as the new acting chairman of the
neurosurgery department.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              475 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             June 27, 2013 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

HISTORIC VICTORY;
FOR GAY MARRIAGE;
I;
In pair of 5-4 decisions, court allows federal benefits for same-sex couples,
paves way for California weddings.

BYLINE: By Laura Green Palm Beach Post Washington Bureau

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 768 words


Washington --

n a 5-4 decision, the United States Supreme Court on Wednesday struck down a
federal law defining marriage as a union between a man and woman, declaring the
act's only purpose was to "disparage," "degrade," "demean" and "humiliate" gay
Americans.

In a second, more technical ruling, the court cleared the way for gay couples to
marry in California, but left it to Florida and other states to continue to
prohibit same-sex marriage.

The decisions signaled just how much the country has changed in less than two
decades. In 1996, a liberal president, Bill Clinton, signed into law a
bipartisan measure designed to protect the institution of marriage by denying it
to gay couples.

While the court's rulings were not as sweeping as some gay-rights advocates had
hoped, the cases are expected to be the start of an evolving jurisprudence on
same-sex marriage. A majority of justices signaled that they view marriage bans
with a suspicious eye.

Sarah and Jackie Christensen-Sharpe, who married in Boston in 2009, heard about
the rulings in a text from Sarah's mother that read "Congratulations!"

The Palm Beach Gardens couple will not see any immediate benefits from the
ruling -- Florida does not permit same-sex marriage -- but they believe the
state will one day recognize their marriage.

"It just gives us hope that it's making its way around," Jackie said.

Sarah, who will soon start student teaching, imagined when the court cases make
it into textbooks.

"We get to be a part of something big," she said.

For gay couples who live in the 12 states (plus the District of Columbia) where
gay marriage is legal, the decision in the Defense of Marriage Act case makes
them eligible for federal benefits, such as estate tax breaks, burial together
in veterans cemeteries and health care benefits.

Ron Siegel, an estate and trust law attorney in Boca Raton, said, "It really has
no effect in Florida for now."

In the California case, the court found that proponents of the state law that
banned gay marriage did not have standing to appeal a lower court's decision
after then-Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger refused to defend the law. The court did
not rule on whether the law should stand. That means gay couples in California
can once again seek marriage licenses.

The court ended its blockbuster term with two of the most closely watched
decisions in decades. The rulings drew a swift response from the U.S. Conference
of Catholic Bishops.

"Today is a tragic day for marriage and our nation," the statement read. "The
Supreme Court has dealt a profound injustice to the American people by striking
down in part the federal Defense of Marriage Act. ... The federal government
ought to respect the truth that marriage is the union of one man and one woman,
even where states fail to do so."

The decision was not only polarizing to Americans, but within the Supreme Court.

From the bench, Justice Antonin Scalia read a summary of his scathing, 26-page
dissent. His tone drifted from mocking to disgust as he accused the court's
majority of pawning the framers' gift of self-government in exchange for a
"stolen moment in the spotlight."

He read to a packed courtroom: "It is one thing for a society to elect to
change; it is another for a court to impose change by adjudging those who oppose
it ... enemies of the human race."

His colleagues sat stone-faced.

The DOMA decision attracted three separate dissents, also signed by Justices
Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito and Chief Justice John Roberts.

In writing the majority opinion, frequent swing vote Justice Anthony Kennedy
said the Defense of Marriage Act was written as a sort of warning to states
pondering extending marriage rights to gay residents. And those who entered into
same-sex unions received a "second-tier marriage."

The law "tells those couples and all the world that their otherwise valid
marriages are unworthy of federal recognition."

Kennedy also found that the law humiliates tens of thousands of children now
being raised by same-sex couples.

The two California couples who sued for the right to marry wiped away tears as
they walked down the steps of the Supreme Court, a sea of supporters standing
before them. People chanted: "Thank you! Thank you," as the couples clasped
hands and raised their arms in victory.

President Barack Obama called from Air Force One to congratulate the couples and
the organizations who worked on their behalf.

"You're invited to the wedding," Jeff Zarrillo shouted into the phone.

As the courthouse steps began to clear, the Gay Men's Chorus of Washington sang
the national anthem.

lgreen@pbpost.com Twitter: @Lgreenonthehill

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              476 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            February 13, 2006 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Epilepsy jokes stir up anger;
Disorder is too often fodder for humor in movies, TV

BYLINE: Kim Painter

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 750 words


Are seizures funny?

Joy Bardwell doesn't think so. The Daytona Beach, Fla., woman has epilepsy --
repeated seizures. So does her 3-year-old daughter. So when a recent Two and a
Half Men episode on CBS featured womanizer Charlie (played by Charlie Sheen)
faking epilepsy  and describing himself as "damaged goods" whose wedding was
canceled because he was "flopping around on the altar like an epileptic trout,"
Bardwell wasn't laughing.

"To hear someone on TV refer to my daughter as 'damaged goods' just broke my
heart," Bardwell says.

She was among people with epilepsy and their families who complained to CBS. (In
a statement, CBS said it did not intend "to demean or make fun of" people with
epilepsy and noted that the Men characters "often exhibit ... immature
behavior.") Epilepsy advocates also protested  the 2005 movie The Exorcism of
Emily Rose (in which a woman with probable seizures is thought  possessed by
demons) and the 2003 movie Kangaroo Jack (which contains crude mimicking of
"epileptic" behavior).

The epilepsy community is fed up -- and, increasingly, speaking up, says former
California congressman Tony Coelho, chairman of the board of the Epilepsy
Foundation of America.

"Legally and medically, things are getting better" for the 2.7 million Americans
with epilepsy, says Coelho, who has it himself. "The thing that hasn't changed
is the stigma."

Of course, epilepsy isn't the only disorder lampooned in popular culture. It
wasn't even the only one joked about on that episode of Men -- which also
included a jibe at eating disorders. But epilepsy has an especially long and
painful relationship with misunderstanding.

Coelho felt it in the 1960s when he was considered unfit for a seminary.
Bardwell says she feels it when her daughter is left out of play dates or when
people discourage her from continuing college because "they think it's too
stressful for me."

Though epilepsy is a neurological condition, it's often confused with a mental
illness, says Jonese Holloway, a foundation spokeswoman. In some cultures,
people with epilepsy still are suspected of demonic possession, she says. And
epilepsy is sometimes interpreted as a sign of low intelligence, though it is
seen in people with all levels of thinking ability.

Epilepsy also may be seen as inevitably disabling -- though, with appropriate
treatment, 70% of patients can gain long-term seizure control. Consider Alan
Faneca, starting guard for the Pittsburgh Steelers. The seizure medication he
started at age 15 allowed him to play in this year's Super Bowl.

Coelho says the stigma surrounding epilepsy is rooted in fear and ignorance.
Someone having a seizure has, by definition, lost control of movement,
consciousness or sensation -- or all those things -- because of misfired
electrical signals in the brain. The casual observer doesn't understand the
cause but sees the effect. The person seizing may fall to the ground and shake,
or only a part of the body may tremble or jerk. Or the person may become briefly
unresponsive and confused or simply stare into space.

Even well-meaning people often don't know how to respond, Coelho says. And media
portrayals, even those that don't include jokes, often spread myths --
suggesting, for example, that someone having a seizure might swallow his or her
tongue.

Holloway says, "We just need to do more."

(Full disclosure: The writer is the proud mother of an 8-year-old boy with
well-controlled epilepsy.)

What not to do
Seizures rarely call for extensive first aid.

And inappropriate responses can result in injury. If someone falls to the
ground, stiffens and shakes (in what used to be called a "grand mal" seizure but
is now known as a generalized tonic-clonic seizure):

DO

*Keep calm.

*Clear the area of anything sharp or hard.

*Turn the person gently onto one side and put something soft, such as a folded
jacket, under the head.

*Time the seizure with a watch.

*Get medical help if a single seizure lasts more than five minutes, a second
seizure starts, or the person is injured, diabetic, pregnant or not known to
have pre-existing epilepsy.

DO NOT

*Hold the person down or try to restrict movements.

*Put anything in the person's mouth.

*Attempt CPR --unless the person does not breathe after the seizure stops.

For more information, visit the website of the Epilepsy Foundation of America:
efa.org.

---
Have a health or medical question?

E-mail kpainter@usatoday.com. Please include your name, city and daytime phone
number. Selected questions will be answered in the newspaper.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W Adrienne Lewis, USA TODAY (ILLUSTRATION)
PHOTO, B/W, Diyah Pera, Screen Gems

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              477 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily Observer (Pembroke)

                           November 5, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

The final push begins; Last weekend before Tuesday's election sees Clinton,
Trump pull out all the stops

BYLINE: Jill Colvin And Kathleen Hennessey, Associated Press

SECTION: WORLD NEWS; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 554  words

DATELINE: ATKINSON, N.H.


Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton charged through vastly different corners of
America Friday hunting for vastly different voters in a final, frantic push that
traced the country's geographic, racial and economic divides.

Clinton and Democratic allies bounced from city to city oters. She was to
campaign in urban centres of Detroit, Pittsburgh and Cleveland on Friday while
President Barack Obama was heading to Charlotte, North Carolina - all cities
where minority voters are crucial.

In Pittsburgh, a city where one in three people are not white, Clinton hammered
Trump as "someone who demeans women, mocks people with disabilities, insults
African-Americans and Latinos and demonizes immigrants and Muslims."

"Everywhere he goes he leaves people behind," Clinton told rowdy supporters.

Trump, meanwhile, was on a tour of rural areas, hoping to boost turnout among
the white, working-class voters drawn to his promise to bring back a lost
America. He started his day Friday in Atkinson, N.H., population 6,800 and
almost 98 per cent white, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. From there, he
was bound for Wilmington, Ohio, another overwhelmingly white town where just 13
per cent of residents have a college degree. Speaking more than 3,200 km from
the Mexican border, Trump drew loud cheers in Atkinson when he vowed to build a
wall between the U.S. and Mexico. The crowd booed when he contended that Clinton
supports "open borders."

"Her plans would mean generations of terrorism, extremism and radicalism
spreading into your schools and through your communities," Trump declared. In
spite of a close race in national polling, Trump's path to victory remains
narrow. For example, he must win Florida, where polls show a neck-and-neck race.
His campaign is increasingly looking to make up for losses among suburban
voters, particularly women, by wrestling up new voters in outof-the-way places.

The candidates' divergent paths highlighted the yawning gaps between race, place
and economics that drive presidential policies.

Trump told his largely white audience in Atkinson that "we have to rebuild our
country."

"They've shipped our jobs and they've shipped our wealth to other countries," he
said. "To all Americans, I say it is time for new leadership."

Trump's dark views on the economy clashed with a new jobs report showing the
unemployment rate declined to 4.9 per cent while wages went up in October. The
report marks 73 straight months of job growth. But the Republican said the
numbers weren't good enough, and cast doubt their accuracy.

"These numbers are an absolute disaster," Trump said, reviving his argument that
the unemployment numbers released every month by the Labor Department are skewed
because they don't accurately account for those who've dropped out of the
workforce.

As he spoke, Clinton campaigned in Pittsburgh, delivering a nearly opposite
message. She celebrated what she described as the Rust Belt city's rebirth of
"confidence" and economic renewal.

With polls tightening across battleground states, Democrats are taking little
for granted. Former president Bill Clinton worked to drive up turnout in
Colorado on Friday, while Vice-President Joe Biden was due in Wisconsin, both
states Clinton was believed to have locked up weeks ago. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016
Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images; Democratic presidential nominee Hillary
Clinton talks with members of her staffaboard her campaign plane at Westchester
County Airport on Friday in White Plains, N.Y. With less than a week to go until
election day, Clinton is campaigning in Pennsylvania and Michigan.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Daily Observer (Pembroke)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              478 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Kingston Whig-Standard

                           November 5, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

The final push begins; Last weekend before Tuesday's election sees Clinton,
Trump pull out all the stops

BYLINE: Jill Colvin And Kathleen Hennessey, Associated Press

SECTION: WORLD NEWS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 554  words

DATELINE: ATKINSON, N.H.


Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton charged through vastly different corners of
America Friday hunting for vastly different voters in a final, frantic push that
traced the country's geographic, racial and economic divides.

Clinton and Democratic allies bounced from city to city oters. She was to
campaign in urban centres of Detroit, Pittsburgh and Cleveland on Friday while
President Barack Obama was heading to Charlotte, North Carolina - all cities
where minority voters are crucial.

In Pittsburgh, a city where one in three people are not white, Clinton hammered
Trump as "someone who demeans women, mocks people with disabilities, insults
African-Americans and Latinos and demonizes immigrants and Muslims."

"Everywhere he goes he leaves people behind," Clinton told rowdy supporters.

Trump, meanwhile, was on a tour of rural areas, hoping to boost turnout among
the white, working-class voters drawn to his promise to bring back a lost
America. He started his day Friday in Atkinson, N.H., population 6,800 and
almost 98 per cent white, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. From there, he
was bound for Wilmington, Ohio, another overwhelmingly white town where just 13
per cent of residents have a college degree. Speaking more than 3,200 km from
the Mexican border, Trump drew loud cheers in Atkinson when he vowed to build a
wall between the U.S. and Mexico. The crowd booed when he contended that Clinton
supports "open borders."

"Her plans would mean generations of terrorism, extremism and radicalism
spreading into your schools and through your communities," Trump declared. In
spite of a close race in national polling, Trump's path to victory remains
narrow. For example, he must win Florida, where polls show a neck-and-neck race.
His campaign is increasingly looking to make up for losses among suburban
voters, particularly women, by wrestling up new voters in outof-the-way places.

The candidates' divergent paths highlighted the yawning gaps between race, place
and economics that drive presidential policies.

Trump told his largely white audience in Atkinson that "we have to rebuild our
country."

"They've shipped our jobs and they've shipped our wealth to other countries," he
said. "To all Americans, I say it is time for new leadership."

Trump's dark views on the economy clashed with a new jobs report showing the
unemployment rate declined to 4.9 per cent while wages went up in October. The
report marks 73 straight months of job growth. But the Republican said the
numbers weren't good enough, and cast doubt their accuracy.

"These numbers are an absolute disaster," Trump said, reviving his argument that
the unemployment numbers released every month by the Labor Department are skewed
because they don't accurately account for those who've dropped out of the
workforce.

As he spoke, Clinton campaigned in Pittsburgh, delivering a nearly opposite
message. She celebrated what she described as the Rust Belt city's rebirth of
"confidence" and economic renewal. With polls tightening across battleground
states, Democrats are taking little for granted. Former president Bill Clinton
worked to drive up turnout in Colorado on Friday, while Vice-President Joe Biden
was due in Wisconsin, both states Clinton was believed to have locked up weeks
ago. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Osprey Media Group Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images; Democratic presidential nominee Hillary
Clinton talks with members of her staffaboard her campaign plane at Westchester
County Airport on Friday in White Plains, N.Y. With less than a week to go until
election day, Clinton is campaigning in Pennsylvania and Michigan.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Kingston Whig-Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              479 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           October 13, 2016 Thursday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Letters: 'Normal men' don't talk like Trump

SECTION: EDITORIAL; P-com Opinion; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 483 words


ISSUE | CAMPAIGN 2016

'Normal men' don't talk like thatDonald Trump's New York state co-chair, Carl
Paladino, tried to diminish and excuse Trump's crude remarks about sexual
assault, calling it "gutter talk" that "all men do, at least all normal men"
("Forging ahead," Sunday). Trump called it "locker-room talk."

Those assertions demean all men. They are like the words and actions Trump has
used to disparage entire groups of people based on ethnicity, religion,
immigration status, and physical appearance. This is not something that "normal"
men do.

|Reid Trulson, Collegeville, rtrulson@comcast.net

It's society, Clintons who mistreat womenDonald Trump did not create America's
problem with women. Our culture has made trillions of dollars using women in
degrading ways. Our society loves Howard Stern for trashing women, feeds on
pornography, objectifies a woman's body, and promotes aggression toward it. We
make abortion and contraception readily available, because men want sex without
consequences. Young women are taught that living with a boyfriend leads to
marriage, when it instead leads to children out of wedlock and destruction of
self-confidence and self-reliance.

Trump has not caused this problem. Hillary and Bill Clinton, in their 30-plus
years of public life, are culpable for promoting abortion and contraception and
defending his "bimbo eruptions" - a term for his infidelities.

|Kim Brady, Washingtonville, N.Y., kbrady001@hvc.rr.com

Philly millennials are behind HillaryDespite the result of an eight-person focus
group, which in no way represented the diversity of Philadelphia's millennial
population, Hillary Clinton has broad millennial support in Philadelphia

("Pa. millennials indifferent on Clinton as chief," Monday).

This enthusiasm is clear from the thousands of young supporters who have
attended and invested in $20.16 fund-raisers, beginning with Ready for Hillary
in 2013, before the secretary of state had announced her candidacy for
president. From an event at an underground nightclub with former Gov. Rendell in
January 2014 to a packed club on Walnut Street featuring Chelsea Clinton in
April, our generation clearly understands that Hillary Clinton has been fighting
our battles since before we were old enough to understand we had political
battles. And on Nov. 8, the false notion about her "lack of support" will be
laid to rest.

|Dan Kessler, Radnor

Endorse Brady - seriously?You don't like Bob Brady, but you feel compelled to
cast your support behind him for reelection to the U.S. House of Representatives
because the Republican candidate, Debbie Willaims, is so bad ("Lackluster
choices," Tuesday). Why endorse anyone? You list Brady's faults and attack the
Republicans for putting up a weak nominee. Russian President Vladimir Putin
would win in the First District if he came from the Democratic Party.

|Andy Anderson, Glassboro, ajanderson2747@comcast.net

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              480 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                              May 30, 2014 Friday
                                  Main Edition

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

SECTION: A; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 543 words


CLARK DEMEANS THE VULNERABLE

Doug Clark wrote May 25 about people who frequent the STA Plaza. He facetiously
recommends turning the plaza into a jail. He refers to street people as "a
variety of street vermin: punks, predators and uncouth youth." Clark also calls
them "miscreants" and says the undesirables should be deported to Tacoma. He
concludes by promoting "razor wire to keep the malefactors right where they
belong."

At this point, I'm not sure if Clark is referring to street people or jail
inmates. Nonetheless, he is dehumanizing a marginalized segment of our
population. Many street people, including youths, are in that situation because
they suffer from mental illness, addictions, abuse or other life trauma. Most of
these individuals deserve respect and compassion, not demeaning categorization.

I was a fan of Clark when he took up the cause of justice for Otto Zehm, the
mentally ill individual who was killed by police. It is disappointing to read
Clark's current condescending characterization of street people, many who suffer
from mental illness. Maybe Clark could write about the need for housing and
services for the homeless and others who "loiter" on the streets.

ANN KALUZA

SPOKANE

ACA HURTS MILLENNIALS

Add Washington State University students to the millions whose insurance plans
have been eliminated by the Affordable Care Act. I purchased the plan in 2013
before receiving a letter that ACA requirements would raise my rates several
hundred dollars for needless treatments, and the plan will now be eliminated
after 2014.

This mirrors a Forbes magazine analysis showing that student insurance plans
across the country are being eliminated or are seeing rate hikes of as much as
1,000 percent.

These policies existed for decades, reviewed and approved by countless legal and
regulatory bodies, so calling them "insufficient" at a moment of political
convenience is a lie. Their purchasers, such as students, tend to be lower risk.
The mathematical motive for eliminating them is to force low-risk individuals
into high-risk pools to offset surging costs, requiring them to pay radically
more and receive less care.

Clearly, the ACA was designed to discriminate against healthy individuals,
especially millennials, rather than to fix the risk problems embedded within
national health care costs. According to several government analyses, young
workers should anticipate higher costs, less care, higher taxes, reduced work
hours, and fewer jobs as a result of the law, all with more supposedly
"unforeseen" consequences to come.

JESSE WAITE

PULLMAN

TRANSPORTING DESTRUCTION

Being stalled in our auto while mile-long trains move through our beloved city
may be only a nuisance. The real problem is that these trains are exporting our
precious nonrenewable energy resources, which we should be preserving for our
children. Every pound of carbon in those trains is converted into 3.67 pounds of
carbon dioxide, much of it returned to us on the prevailing westerly winds as
greenhouse gases.

Once mined or extracted, the coal and petroleum are gone, but the greenhouse
gases may linger for years. We can only hope that our political parties can join
hands and deal promptly with this vital issue.

ROBERT SCHWANDT

SPOKANE VALLEY

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letters

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              481 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             July 6, 2011 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Is presidential name-calling issue of race or politics?

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 353 words


MSNBC analyst Mark Halperin's use of an expletive when referring to President
Obama  is representative of a recent pattern among some reporters and many
Republicans holding public office: an apparent competition to demean the
president in the most unique or outrageous way  to get attention ("MSNBC
suspends analyst after Obama remark," Lifeline Live, USATODAY.com, Thursday).

Whether the critics call  Obama an expletive, or say his policies are
un-American, or he has diminished the presidency, or he's out of the mainstream,
or he's not up to the job, or he's failed to lead, the common tenet is an
extreme disrespect for this man and his office not seen in recent times.

This level of public "street talk" by reporters and public officials against
this president is odd since Obama has faced crises at a level not seen since
President Franklin Roosevelt and has accomplished in less than three  years more
than any president except  perhaps Roosevelt or Lyndon Johnson.

One hopes that the reason for this level of disrespect is just the new playing
field of politics and journalism, not the president's race. Yet one must wonder.

John E. Colbert

Chicago

Wrong move by MSNBC

I think MSNBC is making a mountain out of a molehill regarding  political
analyst Mark Halperin's  remark about President Obama's performance.

Halperin was just giving his personal off-the-air comment. It isn't his fault
that MSNBC didn't delete it.

For MSNBC to suspend him indefinitely  is outrageous.

Kenneth L. Zimmerman

Huntington Beach, Calif.

Washington's juvenile behavior

This week, we're reminded again that many with power inside the beltway  of
Washington  have  become remarkably juvenile.

This behavior is more frequently being captured and preserved thanks to  digital
media.  In a mere matter of weeks we've seen former representative Anthony
Weiner burn because of inappropriate tweets and  heard a dignified journalist
with substantial credits in print and television calling the president something
that rhymes with sick. Somebody should wash Mark Halperin's mouth out with soap
and give him a thesaurus.

Joanne Schrimpf

Portsmouth, Ohio

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              482 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 9, 2011 Wednesday

EDITORIAL: Repeal death penalty

BYLINE: The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 472 words


March 09--The General Assembly should approve and Gov. Dannel P. Malloy should
sign legislation abolishing the death penalty in Connecticut.

Use of the death penalty demeans us as a society, lowering the state to the
level of the killer rather than taking the high moral road. The United States is
consistently among the top five countries in the number of executions, joining
China, Iran, Saudi Arabia and Iraq. That is hardly good company to keep when it
comes to respecting human rights.

Conversely Europe and Central Asia are practically death penalty-free zones, as
are the Americas, with the exception of the United States. Connecticut should
join the 15 other states that prohibit executions.

While family members of murder victims may seek satisfaction in the ultimate
retribution, in reality pursuit of a death sentence only prolongs the legal
process and the associated anguish. In capital cases appeals can drag on for
years, even decades. Since a 1976 U.S. Supreme Court decision reinstated
executions, Connecticut has put to death one person, serial killer Michael Ross
in 2005. The state executed Mr. Ross only because he refused to keep appealing.

Given prolonged appeals, death sentences are expensive. An analysis of death
penalty cases in Texas found the average execution cost to be $2.3 million,
several times the cost of life imprisonment.

There is no evidence the death penalty deters murder. Jeffrey Fagan, a professor
of law and public health at Columbia University, reviewed numerous studies on
the issue and concluded, "the only scientifically and ethically acceptable
conclusion Â... on deterrence and the death penalty is that it is impossible to
tell whether deterrent effects are strong or weak, or whether they exist at
all." His work appeared in the Ohio State Journal of Criminal Law in 2006.

Executions preclude any opportunity to correct an injustice. Courts and juries
make mistakes. Among those testifying this week in Hartford was Professor Barry
Scheck of the Innocence Project, which has used DNA and other physical evidence
to exonerate 250 wrongfully convicted men.

There is only one reason to execute individuals -- revenge. It is not reason
enough.

A bill now before the legislature calls for outlawing executions prospectively,
meaning those already sentenced to die would remain on death row. In reality, it
would end all executions. No judge will approve an execution once such a law
passes. Lawmakers and Gov. Malloy should abandon that pretense.

Repeal the death penalty.

To see more of The Day, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theday.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Day, New London, Conn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110309-NL-EDITORIAL-Repeal-death-penalty-0309-20110309

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2011 The Day


                              483 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   Herald Sun

                            October 28, 1991 Monday

Indians on the warpath

LENGTH: 162 words


NATIVE American Indians came face to face with tomahawk-wielding Altanta Braves
fans at the sixth game of the World Series, accusing them of desecrating their
culture and demanding they leave their rubber tomahawks at home.

The leader of the American Indian Movement in Minnesota said actions of the
Braves fans were comparable to dressing up like little black Sambo and walking
through a ghetto in Atlanta.

One hundred American Indian protesters turned up for yesterday's game in
Minneapolis and pounded their drums outside the Metrodome stadium.

They claim Braves fans demean all native Americans by using Indian symbols,
chanting in Indian fashion and using the now-famous tomahawk chopping movement.

Police brought the protest to an end when they arrested seven Indians for
disorderly conduct andc$assault.

The seven had confronted a group of Braves fans wearing Indian headdress and
carrying tomahawks, and a scuffle broke out.

END OF STORY

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DHS

                   Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              484 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 24, 1988, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Presley an Unoriginal

SECTION: Section 1; Page 26, Column 5; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 149 words


To the Editor:

The only inaccurate thing in Ben Kamin's article on Elvis Presley (''An Elvis
Stamp? Return to Sender,'' Op-Ed, Aug. 30) was his description of the rock
singer as ''brilliant, stunning, original.'' He was, rather, a highly hyped and
cleverly marketed good white singer, who sang black rhythm and blues at a time
when white popular music was in the doldrums and a young black rhythm and blues
singer could not make the really big time.

To put him on a postage stamp (the West Germans did, but this is supported by a
long history of kitsch) demeans the artistic standards of United States stamps
and would insult the memory of the many American popular and jazz artists, black
and white, who really were brilliant and original. To paraphrase Louis Armstrong
- if you don't know who they were, there is no point in naming them.

JOHN MEEHAN
  Brooklyn, Aug. 30, 1988

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              485 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 7, 1985, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Art and the Life Of India

SECTION: Section 6; Page 47, Column 5; Magazine Desk

LENGTH: 114 words


To limit the appraisal of Indian art to Mogul art, as its supposed highest
expression, is to demean the indispensable contributions of Buddhist, Rajput and
Hindu art and architecture. The Mogul dynasty represents the final phase of
1,000 years of invasions and attempts at domination of the Indian peninsula by
various Moslem armies from the north. The Mogul role in Indian culture was
primarily one of depredation and destruction. Their 300-year rule caused an
enormous cultural and material setback to India. Whatever achievements in art
were made in this period were based on the long, fruitful and enduring power of
the indigenous Indian culture. MARVIN H. MILLS New York City

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of India bas-relief (Assam State Museum, Guwahati)

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              486 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 31, 1983, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Books Of The Times

BYLINE: By Christopher Lehmann-Haupt

SECTION: Section C; Page 16, Column 3; Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 997 words


WRITING WITH A WORD PROCESSOR.  By William Zinsser. 117 pages. Harper & Row.
$12.95.  BEFORE YOU BUY A COMPUTER. A Practical Guide to Computer Shopping.  By
Dona Z. Meilach. 210 pages. Illus- trated. Crown. Hardcover, $15.95; paper,
$8.95.  THE WORD PROCESSING BOOK. A Short Course in Computer Literacy. By Peter
A. McWilliams. 270 pages. Illustrated.  Prelude Books (Box 69773, Los Angeles,
Cal. 90069). $9.95.

THE inspiration that seized William Zinsser - a former journalist who is now
executive editor at the Book-of-the-Month Club - was to write a book on word
processing by writing a book on a word processor. He was someone who hated
gadgets and loved the feel of a piece of paper. He was certain that writing and
computers would prove incompatible.

He was afraid that his words would disappear into the ether. He harbored a
defensive snobbery toward all things technological. He worried that
word-processing would somehow demean the English language. And he was not
entirely certain if it was appropriate for a male to be able to type. But he
recognized, particularly after visiting a newspaper which had just abandoned
typewriters for computer terminals, that ''Gutenberg was through'' and the word
processor's time had come. So he walked into a salesroom, leased himself a
machine and set to work on ''Writing with a Word Processor.''

As it turned out, most of his fears proved groundless. After many an adventure -
sometimes painful, sometimes triumphant, always wittily described - Mr. Zinsser
mastered his machine and completed his book. He even achieved sufficient
literacy on the subject of computers to be able to describe for us the rudiments
of how a word processor works.

But most of all he celebrates the satisfactions of writing on these amazing
instruments. Except that they deny us the release of angrily crumpling up a page
on which we have rendered our botched prose, Mr. Zinsser concludes, word
processors altogether facilitate the act of producing clear, simple and humane
writing.

''Writing with a Word Processor'' should therefore inspire any number of its
readers to go out and acquire machines of their own.  The trouble is, that's
about as far as the book goes. Mr. Zinsser didn't shop around for his word
processor. As he admits, ''I had no basis of comparison.'' He leased the obvious
one and let the microchips default as they might.

But contrary to his assumption, not all word processors are ''fundamentally
alike.'' There are those that are competitive with the obvious one, and some of
them are a lot less expensive. One has to shop around. But to shop around one
has to know considerably more than Mr. Zinsser is telling. And to know
considerably more, one has to read further.

Among recently published books, I would advise turning first to Dona Z.
Meilach's ''Before You Buy a Computer,'' a shopping guide by an editor and
columnist for the magazine Interface Age. Mrs. Meilach is very basic and very
earnest. She defines ''bits,'' ''bytes'' and ''nibbles'' for people as ignorant
as I was when I began her book.  She makes clear how the binary system works.
Most important of all, she argues that even when you are trying to select among
word processors, you have to decide what software you want before you consider
hardware. Software determines the precise services you will get, and different
softwares require different hardwares. This news serves effectively to make you
pay attention to Mrs. Meilach's text, and to try and understand what you might
be inclined to skip.

The only drawback to ''Before You Buy a Computer'' - and to the enterprising it
may not be a drawback at all - is that she offers general criteria instead of
specific recommendations. Once you carry out the author's chapter-ending
assignments, and fill out all the charts with which she concludes her survey,
you will probably be equipped to make make your own decisions.

For the less earnest and enterprising among us, there is Peter A McWilliams's
''The Word Processing Book: A Short Course in Computer Literacy.'' Mr.
McWilliams - who might be described as a poetentrepreneur because of the eight
works of poetry he has published and the zeal with which he has pursued various
peripheral enterprises - cracks jokes and chats cozily about himself. His book
is filled with Gustave Dore etchings and similar antique artworks, underlined
with cute captions like ''The Pharaoh's daughter finds a word processor floating
in the stream.''

But Mr. McWilliams gives us specifics. He tells us the advantages and
disadvantages of every item a shopper is likely to consider. He names names and
suggests exactly what to look for in, say, a writing program. After reading
''The Word Processing Book,'' we know exactly what we want to buy and more or
less how it will work.

Here are some of Mr. McWilliams's recommended specifications: ''Disk Drives:
Two. 5 1/4 inch. 150 K to 340 K each. Disk Operating System (DOS): CP/M. Central
Processing Unit (CPU): Z80, 8080, 8085, 8086 or 8088. Choose the one that works
best with your software.  Random Access Memory (RAM): 48 K to 64 K.'' The
astounding thing is that after reading these three books, I know what Mr.
McWilliams is talking about.

So will you.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of William Zinsser

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              487 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 29, 1988, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Sports Officials Want To Throw The Abuse Outta Here!

BYLINE: By PETER ALFANO

SECTION: Section 8; Page 1, Column 2; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 2118 words


THEY work in a highly charged environment, stadiums and arenas that are
cauldrons of emotion, capable of boiling over in an angry outburst whenever the
whistle blows or a voice bellows, ''Out!'' And when the judgment and integrity
of the officials - the men in blue or gray or black and white zebra-striped
shirts - is questioned, it is often done in a manner so vile that it would be
considered uncivilized behavior anywhere but on a playing field.

The standard of excellence for officials is higher than that for athletes but
that doesn't generate much sympathy. Shortstops can be forgiven for making an
occasional error; an umpire is not. Joe Brinkman, an American League umpire for
16 years, said he looks forward to his two-week vacation during each season
''because you can get away from the burden of having to be right every night.''

At a time when there is growing concern about a real or perceived increase in
violence in the stands and on the field, officials find themselves in a
precarious position. They are authority figures who make convenient scapegoats
and targets for some players, coaches, spectators and members of the news media.

Although not all officials think that their jobs have become more dangerous in
recent years, those in the Little League and the major leagues know it has never
been an easy job. All know what it is like to suffer indignities ranging from
verbal abuse to physical intimidation and attempts to demean.

That was apparent in the most recent examples of aggravated behavior, which once
again focused attention on those who are taught that you've done a good job when
no one can remember your name.

Dave Pallone, a National League umpire, was shoved by Pete Rose, the manager of
the Cincinnati Reds, during an animated argument in a game against the Mets
April 30. The incident almost incited a riot in Riverfront Stadium in
Cincinnati. Rose was suspended for 30 days.

Don Koharski, a referee in the National Hockey League for 12 years, was bullied
and insulted by Jim Schoenfeld, the coach of the New Jersey Devils, in a
corridor leading to the locker rooms after a playoff game at the Meadowlands May
on 13. Schoenfeld eventually served a one-game suspension.

Referees don't foul or take foolish penalties. But some players don't think they
do, either. So they vent their frustrations on the officials, in effect,
shifting the blame.

''We are human beings, family men,'' said Dave Newell, a National Hockey League
referee and father of three. ''But we are also the person in authority and
people don't respect authority like they used to. No one likes to get a ticket
from a policeman.''

Much of the abuse taken by officials does not even merit special consideration
from league presidents or the commissioners. That includes the childish
toe-to-toe, dirt-kicking antics of baseball managers, and the sometimes obscene
badgering of referees by hockey and basketball players.

Questioning an official's judgment is part of the games Americans play, which
raises a question whether amateur and pro sports are fully sensitive to the
needs of the officials. For instance, no one appeared overly concerned with
Newell's reasons for beginning to wear a helmet for the first time last
November, after 21 years in the N.H.L. All but a handful of players now wear
helmets, too.

There were the obvious reasons, he said: the increased size and speed of the
players, the blistering slap shots, the face and head injuries suffered by other
referees earlier in the season. A hockey referee has the most perilous job in
officiating. Newell has cracked most of his ribs, broken his collarbone and
twice fractured his wrist in his career.

But there were ominous overtones as well. ''There has been a rash of problems
with fans,'' he said. ''Cue balls, golf balls, even pocket knives have been
thrown on the ice. The helmet gives you more of a feeling of security. But it's
a serious situation and I'm terribly concerned about it.''

Throwing objects endangers players as well as officials. Still, that did not
deter a Louisville-based company, Party Kits Unlimited, from manufacturing the
Bad Call Brick. It is made of a sponge-like material, shaped like a brick, and
is to be tossed on the basketball court when fans think the referee has made a
bad call. Some fans, however, may choose to throw something that can do more
damage.

Actually, violent acts against officials have occurred more frequently on the
sandlot fields, where umpires and referees are being sued by disgruntled parents
of child stars and punched by ''wanna be'' Billy Martins.

Mel Narol, a New Jersey attorney and advocate of officials' rights, has led a
fruitful drive urging state legislatures to write laws dealing specifically with
assaults against officials and with protection against liability lawsuits.

Writing in Referee magazine, Narol described the case of a softball umpire in
Wichita Falls, Tex., who was seriously injured when he was attacked by several
players who struck him with their bats.

In 1982, Jim Bain, a referee in the Big Ten Conference and a vice president of a
mortgage bank, was sued for malpractice by an Iowa souvenir company. The company
contended that a call he made enabled Purdue to beat the University of Iowa,
costing the company added revenue in items sold bearing the school's logo.

The company also manufactured a T-shirt depicting Bain's head in a noose.

An Iowa appellate court eventually ruled in favor of Bain, who also successfully
sued the company for defamation of character. But there were scars.

''I don't care to bring that back into the limelight,'' Bain said recently. ''A
month after it was over, I suffered a heart attack. The cardiologist said that
family history played a major part, but it was also stress.''

Jim Tunney, a National Football League referee for 28 years who has written a
book about his experiences, titled ''Impartial Judgment,'' said, ''I'd rather
work a game between the Giants and the Redskins than a Little League game.''

It is interesting that the officials in professional football are basically
exempt from the abuse suffered by their counterparts in other sports. There are
only 16 games in a season and that plays a part, Tunney said.

More important, perhaps, is the mentality of the N.F.L., which simply does not
tolerate its coaches or players confronting the officials.

''You might hear some verbal abuse,'' Tunney said, ''but we deal with different
ground rules. For baseball to allow the manager on the field is crazy. Nowadays,
that can incite a crowd. If a coach comes on the field in our league, there is a
penalty.''

In contrast, there is hockey, arguably the most turbulent sport, largely because
mayhem is part of the game.

''We're the only sport that regulates rather than prohibits fighting,'' Newell
said. ''Because it is allowed, it creates volatile situations. I shudder when I
see a linesman go in between two guys known for their fisticuffs. With those
sharp skates, it's a miracle we haven't had any severed arteries.''

Why, then, would anyone want a job where one regularly suffers the wrath of
mothers, fathers, obnoxious fans and hostile athletes? Is it a desire to remain
close to the sport they enjoyed playing or watching? Is it the feeling of power
derived from being in control, having the last word? It is those things and
more. ''The major motivation for me is the challenge of trying to be successful
at an impossible task,'' Jim Bain said. ''Victory is when you walk off the floor
and you know you did a good job. But there is no question that you have to be a
master of your emotions or this job can be a cancer.''

Officials compare themselves with policemen, keeping law and order, almost like
a frontier marshal. They are also romantics who talk about fair play and
sportsmanship.

And yes, when their work gets them down, they talk about quitting, too. ''You
get so calloused, you don't want to listen to anyone,'' Joe Brinkman said.

''We all want to be loved and adored,'' said Wally Rooney, a National Basketball
Association referee. ''I never try to take the abuse personally. But you'd be
lying if you said it didn't hurt.''

In general, officials are better paid, trained and mentally prepared to do their
jobs than ever before. Salaries range from $30,000 to more than $100,000 for
senior umpires and referees. Benefits and pension plans have improved.

There are officiating schools to help develop the next generation like the one
Brinkman runs in Florida. He has even invited a sports psychologist to speak to
recruits.

Rooney talked about the videotapes of his games that he reviews when he arrives
home after a road trip. Baseball and basketball now also determine officiating
crews according to personalities, hoping to avoid oil-and-water teams.

Brinkman remembered his early years when feuding umpires would nearly come to
blows in their lockerroom. ''The way a guy eats starts bothering you
sometimes,'' he said. ''There was one crew I knew of that arrived in a city and
rented four cars or took four cabs.'' Then they would walk on the field as one,
four against the world.

The leagues have tried to alleviate the hardship of travel, limiting the number
of games officials work each month, limiting West Coast trips, being sensitive
to the problems that may arise at home.

''I've done my fathering over the telephone,'' Rooney said. ''It may sound
trite, but I tried to make my time at home quality time. I didn't go golfing; I
gave all 24 hours to my family.''

Baseball is less flexible, simply because there are so many games. Brinkman has
been on the road since April 4 and will not be home until July 10, for the
All-Star Game break.

''I have an 18-year-old daughter by my first marriage who I've seen five times
in the last 10 years,'' he said. ''I've been married to my second wife for seven
years now and she joins me on some trips.''

Despite this attempt to improve conditions, praise comes grudgingly, if at all,
for officials. That, Newell said, will never change in a hundred years. Mel
Narol attributed it to the increased focus on sports, the high financial stakes
involved, putting tremendous pressure on players, coaches and owners with a
profit motive.

Officials acknowledge more often now that they make mistakes. ''There are games
when I've walked off the court feeling bad,'' Jim Bain said. ''The clock
couldn't expire fast enough.''

''Players can't be up for all 80 games,'' Newell said, ''but they have teammates
to cover for them. We don't have that luxury.''

Moreover, the officials interviewed unanimously agreed that news media coverage
- specifically that by television - has made them more visible, thus subject to
notoriety.

Faced with this, the profession has done little to help itself in the area of
public relations. The reluctance of the leagues to disclose disciplinary
measures taken against officials makes the officials appear to be above the law.
The refusal of the N.H.L. and the N.B.A., in particular, to allow officials to
defend themselves against serious accusations paints the officials as aloof and
arrogant.

''I'd love to talk,'' Newell said. ''I've got nothing to hide.'' So we live in a
world where referees in the National Basketball Association are flanked by
security guards when they walk on and off the court, as well as when going to
their cars after a game. The N.H.L. officials would like an exit of their own
from the ice so they can avoid the players and coaches.

''I remember the nickel beer night in Cleveland in 1974, the scariest I've ever
seen,'' Joe Brinkman said. ''Every inning it got worse, until finally, there
were 5,000 people on the field fighting with chains and broken bottles.

''There was this one pile and I picked up somebody who had blood pouring from
his head. I said, 'Why am I doing this?' ''

It is a question officials ask themselves every day of their careers.

HOW MANY AND HOW MUCH

The number of officials for the four major professional sports, and the salary
range for each:
An error occurred in the processing of a table at this point in the document.
Please refer to the table in the online document.


* Not including replay official.

! The N.B.A. plans to add a third official next season.

(National Association of Sports Officials)

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Joe Brinkman, an American League umpire, calling a play at
first base (NYT/Vic DeLucia); Dave Pallone as he was bumped by Pete Rose, Reds'
manager, during an argument April 30 (AP); Don Koharski, an N.H.L. referee, as
he was confronted by Jim Schoenfeld, Devils' coach, after a playoff game May 13
(AP)

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              488 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 14, 1998, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

PUBLIC LIVES

BYLINE: By JAMES BARRON with ALEX KUCZYNSKI

SECTION: Section B; Page 2; Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 600 words



A Plea to Make Lunch, Not War

It's not over yet. First former Mayor DAVID N. DINKINS said he would like to
have dinner with Mayor RUDOLPH W. GIULIANI, whose response amounted to no thanks
and no way.

Now ALAN N. STILLMAN, a Manhattan restaurateur, is volunteering to play
peacemaker in a feud that began when Mr. Giuliani issued an official apology for
the city's response to the Crown Heights violence in 1991, when Mr. Dinkins was
Mayor. Mr. Giuliani also approved a $1.1 million settlement of a lawsuit filed
by Hasidic residents. Mr. Stillman, an owner of the Smith & Wollensky steakhouse
on Third Avenue at 50th Street, sent both men invitations to "lunch or dinner."

A spokesman for Mr. Giuliani said she knew nothing about the invitation. Mr.
Dinkins did not return calls.

"My personal opinion?" Mr. Stillman said. "For what I consider the capital of
world to have the current Mayor and a former mayor fighting each other demeans
New York City in the eyes of the rest of the country. It makes New York seem
like a city that squabbles at the top. I've always been taught that you don't
wash your dirty linen out in public."

The Composer Covers His Tracks

The lunch was for the Emerson String Quartet, which won a Grammy Award last
month for its recording of the Beethoven string quartets, and for the composer
NED ROREM, whose String Quartet No. 4 is featured on the group's latest compact
disk.

But then ALBERT IMPERATO, an executive with the quartet's recording company,
Deutsche Grammophon, sang a four-note phrase from the Rorem quartet and asked
Mr. Rorem if it had come from one by Dmitri Shostakovich.

"You never ask a composer about his influences," Mr. Rorem said.

"Nothing comes from nothing -- everything is influence. The secret of
originality is to know wherein you have stolen, and to disguise it. The act of
disguise is the act of creation. Next question?"

An Inside Opinion

The byline on an op-ed commentary in The Los Angeles Times on Sunday about MARK
FUHRMAN, the former detective whose discredited testimony contributed to O. J.
SIMPSON's acquittal, was not that of a disinterested observer. The byline, in
bold letters, said O. J. Simpson.

"Simpson simply faxed us this commentary or letter -- I'm not sure which he
intended it to be," said JANET CLAYTON, the editor of the editorial pages. "It
simply said, 'To editor, Los Angeles Times.' "

In it, Mr. Simpson argued that the Los Angeles Police Department should release
files on Mr. Fuhrman so the public could see whether there had been complaints
against him by minorities while he was on the force.

Ms. Clayton said the newspaper had authenticated the fax by calling the
telephone number on the cover sheet. Someone who worked for Mr. Simpson
answered, she said.

"There was some discussion, once it was sure it was from him, about do we run
this," she said. "It really came down to, why not?"

Starr Quality

A measure of status in Washington these days is how many of your guests have
been subpoenaed by KENNETH STARR, the independent counsel. After the recent
ruling dismissing Paula Corbin Jones's lawsuit against President Clinton, there
are those who see a Starr subpoena as a kind of badge of honor rather than a
looming legal headache.

COKIE ROBERTS, the co-anchor of the ABC News program "This Week," welcomed one
such guest to a Passover seder over the weekend: TERRY F. LENZNER, a private
investigator with Democratic connections who admitted in February that he had
been working for the President's personal attorneys.   JAMES BARRON with ALEX
KUCZYNSKI

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: ALAN N. STILLMAN; NED ROREM.

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              489 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Australian

                           September 17, 2001, Monday

Emerging from the shallows

BYLINE: Stephen Romei

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 675 words


In Tuesday's wake, we are all reassessing our priorities

ON the morning of September 11, a date now frozen as a Rooseveltian "day of
infamy", The New York Times ran a page one story about the "tumult" of Britney
Spears-inspired bare skin on show in American high schools.

Elsewhere, the most influential newspaper in the US had yet another story on the
"summer of the shark". Gary Condit, the self-destructive subject of a national
media obsession, was still in the news, naturally.

Gary who? Such is the genuine gravity of the events of last week -- and the
ensuing, entirely appropriate 24/7 media coverage -- that readers may need
reminding that Mr Condit is a California congressman who had an affair with
missing White House intern Chandra Levy.

This is not to demean the personal tragedy being faced with great courage by the
Levy family. Nor is it a specific criticism of The New York Times. All media,
including this newspaper, go overboard at times. Remember the "outrage" over
Lleyton Hewitt's on-court comments?

Yet it is to be hoped that the terrible events of last Tuesday will restore a
sense of perspective in the media and in the public it serves. Condit is a good
story, sure, but it did not merit the blanket coverage it received. It was not a
national calamity. Some in the media knew this from the beginning. CBS anchor
Dan Rather refused to cover the story for weeks, until he -- or his network
bosses -- yielded to the inevitable.

Today, with 5000 people entombed in the ruins of New York's World Trade Centre,
it is difficult to imagine a story such as the Condit scandal being big news
ever again. Even more unimaginable is a decline in the Nasdaq stock market
making the front page. Of course, we have short attention spans. Eventually,
other stories will pierce the news blackout of any event not connected to the
terrorist attacks. That is understandable -- and healthy -- but it is likely our
sense of what is truly important will remain intact for far longer.

LIKE many of us, 35-year-old technology analyst Tim Lind, who would have been in
a meeting high in the World Trade Centre on Tuesday morning had he not
overslept, is reassessing his priorities. He has taken out a 30-year life
insurance policy and joined a gym. "I realised I'm not here to conquer the world
and become a billionaire," he told The Wall Street Journal. "I'm here to raise
my family and love my wife."

Suddenly, we are living in a less shallow world. Isolated incidences aside --
such as the "I survived the World Trade Centre" T-shirts being hawked in
Manhattan -- New Yorkers, Americans and people around the world have responded
magnificently to this tragedy.

The media, particularly the cable TV networks which have become our privately
run ministries of information, has an obligation to respond in kind. So far, so
good. CNN, which built its reputation on a war, has abandoned its flirtation
with whether its presenters are sitting down or standing up or were once on NYPD
Blue and has got back to basics. That suits the mood of America, and the world,
today. As New York Times columnist Frank Rich put it, the "fat, daydreaming
America is gone now, way gone". (While on The New York Times, it must drop its
ridiculous policy of bestowing honorifics without discrimination. Mr Bundy was
bad enough; Mr bin Laden is a disgrace).

The challenge for the media as this story drags on will be not to debase the
story, as was the case with the previous news "event", the breakfast television
execution of Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh.

Five days after the attacks, there are some danger signs. Must cable and network
TV use the awful scenes of the planes hitting the World Trade Centre as
background "wallpaper" every time they cover a less visual event, such as a
mayoral media briefing? There are other pictures -- images of undaunted human
spirit -- which better illustrate what is happening in New York and the US
today. We are a serious people again.

Stephen Romei is The Australian's New York correspondent

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 2001 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              490 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            August 3, 2016 Wednesday

Praise, not demean, what Clinton has done

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: LETTER TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 299 words


The Sun is of the opinion that Hillary Clinton doesn't really know about glass
ceilings and her resume´ was "woven on the coattails of her spouse."

They warn readers that "Hillary's success story" is not a realistic example for
the average person (read female) to strive for because Clinton had such
"extraordinary advantages."

The Sun should get their facts right. Hillary Clinton is not a Bush, Kennedy,
Trump, nor Romney -- with family prestige and wealth. Like many in the 1960s who
lacked wealth, she worked hard and took advantage of educational opportunities
available to her.

When she married Bill Clinton, a man with similar interests in political reform
but no family backing, there was no guarantee he would become the governor of
Arkansas nor the president of the United States.

There are many accomplishments on Hillary's resume´ that are her own. Hillary
worked at the Children's Defense Fund as an advocate, not Bill. Hillary served
as senator from New York State for eight years, not Bill. Hillary served as
secretary of state in the Obama administration, not Bill.

Yes, she served as first lady -- of Arkansas and of the United States. In both
cases, she implemented reform agenda that made significant change in the state,
the nation, and the world.

Why are Eleanor Roosevelt, Barbara Bush, or Michelle Obama praiseworthy for
their work as first ladies, but Hillary Clinton is not?

As a woman, I felt demeaned by The Sun's editorial and feel it reflects a deeply
anti-feminine bias. Regardless of one's stance towards Hillary Clinton as a
presidential candidate, she deserves recognition for the important work she has
done, and the many glass ceilings she has broken through for us.

JUDITH DAVIDSON, Ph.D.

Associate Professor

Graduate School of Education

University of Massachusetts Lowell

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              491 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                            April 21, 2011 Thursday

Cameron Demeans His Role, Says Critic

BYLINE: Adrian Pearson

SECTION: A; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 516 words


DAVID Cameron has been  told he has "demeaned the office of prime minister"
after launching a "cheap" attack on councils during a visit to the region.

The North East's city leaders have seen their councils hit by some of the
harshest funding cuts in England, resulting in more than 5,000 planned
redundancies.

But the Prime Minister yesterday told North East party members gathered as they
prepare for May 5's local elections that he was not prepared to accept that
council bosses had found all the savings needed to protect frontline services.

Speaking in Darlington, Mr Cameron reeled off a list of councils failing to do
their bit as the Government tackles the UK's mountain of debt.

One of those to be singled out for criticism was Sunderland Council, which Mr
Cameron said was not doing enough when  compared to Conservative-run councils.

He said: "Everywhere they can, Conservatives are squeezing out more value for
money.

"In Shropshire council managers have taken a 5% pay cut. And at Trafford council
they have cut back office, shared services, binned unnecessary projects   even
sold the Mayor's personalised number plate.

"Good government costs less with the Conservatives. Now let's do a little
compare and contrast with what some Labour councils are doing.

"Labour-run Manchester said they were preparing to undertake  the worst cuts
since the war' to vital services, at the same time as paying their chief
executive around £70,000 more than any Cabinet Minister."

He added: "And that's not even getting on to the junkets. Sunderland spent more
than £25,000 on seven trips to  Washington DC for what they described as
friendship agreement activities'. Or what the rest of us call having a party.

"My point is this: how can any of these people claim there is no waste to be
cut, no efficiencies to be had, no money to be saved, when clearly, as
Conservative councils all over the country are showing, there are clever ways to
cut spending without slashing through frontline services?"

On his previous visit to the North East Mr Cameron criticised Newcastle's chief
executive for taking a £5,000 pay rise during a time of the cuts   taking his
pay  higher than the PM's.

Sunderland Council leader Paul Watson said the prime minister was wrong to
single the council out as it deals with £58m worth of cuts.

"We are the only non-capital city to have this agreement because of Washington's
historic links with the US capital  and right now I have emails from businesses
who have benefited from us arranging these trade missions which will be
forwarded to the PM.

"He has told all councils to go out and find investment, there have been no
councillors out there, we send one or two officers to set up the trade mission
to create jobs.

"I think he has made a quip that is quite low just for the sake of cheap
political posturing and that is demeaning to the office of prime minister."

And Labour peer Jeremy Beecham last night accused the Prime Minister of
insensitivity.

The former Newcastle Council leader said: "If there was a gold medal for
affronting people David Cameron would surely win it with ease."

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              492 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                              May 13, 2008 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

CLINTON STOOPING LOWER

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 475 words


"There's a pattern emerging here." That's what Sen. Hillary Clinton said during
a USA Today interview. She's right, but not in the way she meant.

The pattern is that of Sen. Clinton trying to save her candidacy by trying to
create racial division, a tactic that demeans her and only can harm the
Democratic Party's efforts to win the presidency. It began months ago in South
Carolina, and it continued last week.

Referring to an Associated Press article, Sen. Clinton said that it "found how
Sen. Obama's support among working, hard-working Americans, white Americans, is
weakening again. ..." So only lazy white Americans support Sen. Obama, along
with lazy blacks, Hispanics, Native Americans and Asian-Americans? Her comment
could have been the text of a campaign ad for Jesse Helms.

If Sen. Clinton's intent -- despite her words -- was not to equate hard-working
with white, it is impossible to give her the benefit of the doubt, given the
trend that has emerged from her campaign and supporters. Bill Clinton started it
when he tried to marginalize Sen. Obama as owing his victory in South Carolina
solely to race. Geraldine Ferraro went next, crediting race alone for Sen.
Obama's success. Then came Gloria Steinem, who claims that Sen. Obama is the
front-runner because race concerns in America trump gender concerns.

Sen. Clinton repeatedly has tried to portray Sen. Obama as unelectable because
he doesn't appeal enough to working-class white voters. That seed-of-doubt
strategy relies on voters rejecting Sen. Obama because of his race. Yet as Sen.
Obama's campaign manager told Fox News Sunday, Sen. Clinton's "thesis was
wrong." In Indiana, David Axelrod said, "we split voters who make $50,000 a year
or less evenly. We did better among non-college-educated voters there. And the
same is true in North Carolina than in some ... preceding states." Sen. Obama
won a higher percentage of white voters in Indiana than he did in Ohio two
months ago.

As expected, Sen. Clinton denied any attempt to be racially divisive: "These are
the people you have to win if you're a Democrat in sufficient numbers to
actually win the election. Everybody knows that." In fact, Bill Clinton won
reelection in 1996 despite losing the white vote. In 2000, George Bush beat Al
Gore by roughly 20 points among white men, and still lost the popular vote by
half a million. If Sen. Obama can continue his recovery from the Jeremiah Wright
and "bitter" controversies, the pressure will be on John McCain to show why four
more years of George Bush economics would be good not just for working men but
working women.

As Sen. Clinton gets more divisive, she gets less popular. Sen. Obama leads
among superdelegates, to whom Sen. Clinton is making her race-based pitch. Her
negatives are rising. Hard-working Americans of every color are tired of
polarizing, race-card politics.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              493 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            May 14, 2003, Wednesday

TAGG: PEACE HAS A CHANCE

BYLINE: By SHERRY ROSS DAILY NEWS SPORTS WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 77 NOTEBOOK

LENGTH: 412 words

There will probably be 11 other horses in the field for Saturday's 128th
Preakness Stakes, but there is one that concerns trainer Barclay Tagg most.

"Not to demean any of the other horses, but I think Peace Rules is the one to
beat," said Tagg, whose Funny Cide will look to follow up his Derby win with the
second leg of the Triple Crown. "For one thing, he's got Edgar Prado on him, who
rides Pimlico probably as well as anybody ever has in history, and he's a good
horse."

Peace Rules, who was third behind Funny Cide and Empire Maker in the Derby,
worked an unrecorded half-mile in the fog at Belmont Sunday. He is expected to
ship to Baltimore's Pimlico tomorrow. Trainer Bobby Frankel, like Tagg, will
remain in New York and watch the Preakness draw on TV. The Preakness has a
draft-style draw similar to the Derby's, with the draft order being determined
this morning after the entries are made.

"The post position with that track is going to be a very important thing,"
Frankel said. Pimlico has a reputation as a surface that favors frontrunners,
such as Peace Rules. "I'd go right to the one-hole if I had the choice. I know
that a lot of people are going to want to avoid it."

Frankel also had a unique take on the Jose Santos controversy, in which the
Derby-winning jockey was falsely accused of carrying an illegal device while
riding Funny Cide.

"I'm convinced that it's going to help racing," he said. "It's going to help the
attendance. It's going to help (TV ratings). We never got all this press - ABC,
NBC, CNN, Fox. . . . Look at Mike Tyson, he bit somebody's ear off and everyone
wants to go see him fight next time. Tonya Harding is another case."

When it was pointed out that those notorious people actually did something while
Santos did not, Frankel scoffed.

"A lot of people are still going to think he did something," Frankel said. "Who
goes down in history? The evil people. The guy who came up with the polio
vaccine? Nobody remembers those guys."

ALYSWEEP OUT, HERO IN: Gotham winner Alysweep worked five furlongs in 1:01
yesterday morning but was declared out of the Preakness by trainer Patrick
Reynolds when a post-workout test revealed a low blood count.

New York Hero, fourth in Empire Maker's Wood, worked five furlongs in 1:00 2/5
and will join the local contingent heading down the New Jersey Turnpike this
week. Trainer Jen Pedersen will saddle her second Preakness starter. She was
fifth with Griffinite in 2001.


LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2003 Daily News, L.P.


                              494 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                            April 17, 1999, Saturday

POSITIVELY DISCRIMINATING

BYLINE: Dr David Wilson

SECTION: Pg. 51

LENGTH: 653 words


The Home secretary has announced that police forces in England and Wales will
have to recruit more than 8,000 black and Asian officers over the next ten
years.

Hard on the heels of the Macpherson Inquiry into the murder of Stephen Lawrence,
this is clearly part of a commitment by the Government to do something about the
institutional racism that has bedevilled our police.

The targets that have been set for each force are in proportion to the numbers
of black and Asian people who live within the local population. As a consequence
the West Midlands force has a considerable recruitment programme to get
underway, but I have no doubt that if they succeed in recruiting and retaining
these black and Asian officers they will make a significant impact on how
policing develops in our area.

The Home Secretary has been keen to point out that this is not "positive
discrimination", as if this in itself will demean the whole exercise. And of
course positive discrimination is illegal.

Yet I for one would be happy to see positive discrimination introduced, and not
just for the police, but for other agencies of the Criminal Justice System,
which are just as institutionally racist as our police. My experiences of
positive discrimination are, well, positive.

As a student in the late 1970s I won a scholarship to attend university in North
Carolina. That isn't so long ago - the late 1970s - but my memories of North
Carolina are as if I was trying to remember the Middle Ages.

The university was one of those preppy places where everyone was glamorous, had
very good teeth, and was white, albeit very tanned. We were privileged, and we
knew it, and part of that privilege was based on our colour. Black people were
not welcomed either as students, or as members of the faculty, unless of course
they were good at basketball, or American football.

At the time the president of the United States was Jimmy Carter, who while he's
not much thought of now, was actually a reforming and liberal man, who clearly
wanted to make the South - he himself had been Governor of Georgia - a better
place.

And if you want to make the South a better place, then it is impossible to
ignore racism. Indeed as I drove from Virginia into North Carolina I remember
encountering one billboard, which proudly announced "Welcome to North Carolina -
the Home of the KKK"! That's how ingrained racism was in the state.

Anyway Carter decided that if my old university wanted to keep some government
grants it had received then it would have to appoint a score of black
professors, or lose the money.

There was uproar - standards would fall; it was unfair to better qualified white
academics who were being negatively discriminated against; the whole of
civilisation would come crumbling to an end.

Of course this was positive discrimination, which at the time was legal in the
United States. But Carter believed that by deliberately appointing black
professors they themselves would provide role models for black students, who
might themselves become academics, and that this in turn would gradually change
a racist culture into something more tolerant and good.

Money won the day - doesn't it always - and the university appointed the black
professors - all of whom were suitably qualified, and standards continued much
as they had before. I haven't been back to North Carolina for about ten years
but I imagine that there is now a far more integrated campus than there was in
my day, and that will largely have been a result of positive discrimination.

So please let's not fight shy of taking hard decisions about racism. If we need
to positively discriminate, then let's do so. The price we pay may be high, but
the price we pay if we don't is too awful to contemplate.

Dr David Wilson is director of Criminal Justice, Policy and Practice Department
at the University of Central England.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 1999 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                              495 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                               May 1, 1998 Friday

Philadelphia fans won't walk plank with beloved Flyers  If team doesn't change
lumbering ways, elimination by Sabres will spark mutiny

BYLINE: BY JAMES CHRISTIE Sports Reporter

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S3

LENGTH: 725 words

DATELINE: BUFFALO


The noises that will be made tonight in the CoreStates Center in the City of
Brotherly Love will be anything but lovely.

Philadelphia's harsh hockey fans bay and bray and demean anything they dislike.
Tonight, they'll begin by supporting the Flyers against the Buffalo Sabres, but
they're ready and willing to mutiny.

The Flyers carried their love all the way to the Stanley Cup final last spring
and vowed to return anew. Instead, they look old, like a relic from the 1970s,
big and bad, but not bullying any of the small, quick Sabres. As they face the
humiliation of first-round playoff elimination, the fans will be at their
cruellest and the media are already dishing out the blame.

On a team where machismo is a tradition, the Flyers failed the gut check in Game
4 in Buffalo. Instead of tying the series, the Flyers walked to the end of the
plank. They lost the little battles for the puck. They failed to use their
once-intimidating physical game. Their power play was shut down six times. Sean
Burke proved again he is not a game-saving playoff goalie, and as for the
offensive war horses, John LeClair and Eric Lindros, LeClair had only one shot
on net and Lindros didn't make a shot or a bodycheck.

"When we keep their big line off the board, that contributes a lot to their
frustration," said Buffalo head coach Lindy Ruff, who said he saw the Flyers
shaking their head despite peppering Dominik Hasek with 45 shots.

"We certainly didn't show much character," a scarred and weary Lindros said.

Neither did they show creativity. The Sabres, with Olympic hero Hasek in net,
know they can afford some offensive chances and play with abandon. The Flyers
have no grounds for such confidence. They moved five men up on an attack -- and
turned the puck over or got caught out of position. The fact that they're slow
is compounded by the fact they're also playing tight. When they try to impose
their physical presence, they've wound up in the penalty box.

It's become painfully apparent that after getting swept in the final last year,
general manager Bob Clarke erred in his fine-tuning. He resurrected an artifact,
he didn't create a Cup winner for the 1990s. He never replaced Mikael Renberg on
the top line when he traded him to Tampa. He never found the all-important
playoff goalie. Thus, for the second time in a dozen weeks, one of Clarke's
teams is about to be sent packing by Hasek, who shut down Canada at the
Olympics.

"The whole team plays well and takes the pressure off me," Hasek said. "When the
offence scores six or four goals, I don't give up more than two or three very
often. It's much more fun for me knowing I can make mistakes. We have lots of
confidence. I'm enjoying every victory, and we only need one more."

A win tonight by the Sabres would mark the first time Buffalo has beaten
Philadelphia in four meetings in the playoffs. The Flyers eliminated the Sabres
in two of the past three seasons and won the Stanley Cup over Buffalo in 1975.
It will also be the first time Hasek has won a big series. "People will keep
asking if I'm a playoff goalie until I win one," he said.

Special teams have played a key role. On power plays, Buffalo was 3-for-6 on
Wednesday and Philadelphia 0-for-6. In the series, Buffalo is 6-for-22 (27 per
cent), while the Flyers are 2-for-28 (7 per cent).

"You can't win in the playoffs if you're losing on special teams," Flyers coach
Roger Neilson said. "Right now, everything Buffalo does seems to be right,
almost too good. Maybe things will turn around and it will fall apart for them."

But that's grasping at straws. The Flyers haven't got the goods and have run out
of excuses in this series. Neilson was hired only 21 games before the end of the
regular season in the hopes he'd bring strategies and schemes to fit Clarke's
big horses. But you can't teach dressage to Clydesdales.

"Twenty-one games is enough to get a team ready for the playoffs when we weren't
going to make a lot of changes," Neilson said. "But another year, we might [make
a lot of changes]."

There are no more excuses to be made for the Flyers. They fired coach Terry
Murray after being swept from the 1997 Stanley Cup. They deposed his successor,
Wayne Cashman, in March in favour of Neilson. Now it may be time to change the
team's cornerstone, Lindros, or the manager who assembled the big cohort of
underachievers around him.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1998 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              496 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    October 28, 1997, Tuesday, Final Edition

Harbaugh Injured Punching Jim Kelly; Angered by NBC-TV Analyst, Colts QB Breaks
Bone in Hand

Dave Sell, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D05

LENGTH: 488 words


Indianapolis Colts quarterback Jim Harbaugh broke a bone in his throwing hand
Saturday when he punched former Buffalo Bills quarterback and current NBC-TV
analyst Jim Kelly in the head because of negative comments Kelly made about
Harbaugh a week earlier.

Harbaugh told ESPNEWS, "I regret throwing the punch, but I felt I had to do
something since my toughness was being questioned."

The incident occurred Saturday at the Colts' hotel in San Diego, where the Colts
played the Chargers on Sunday. As part of the networks' contracts with the NFL,
TV producers and announcers meet with key players and coaches the day before
games.

During a Buffalo pregame show before the Bills-Colts game last Monday, Kelly
reportedly called Harbaugh a "baby" and said that Harbaugh "overdramatized" his
injuries.

"There has never been anything personal between us," Harbaugh told the
Indianapolis Star last week, "so I'm curious as to why he feels it necessary to
demean me and to slander me. I'm going to talk to him Sunday. I'm not going to
let this pass."

When Harbaugh and Kelly met on Saturday, they reportedly went into a separate
room from the other TV personnel. The altercation apparently occurred there.

"They started their discussion and at one point Kelly jumped up, got into a
fighting stance, and they did exchange blows," Harbaugh's agent, Leigh
Steinberg, told ESPNEWS, though Steinberg was not a witness to the incident. "It
was a brief altercation, lasting maybe 30 seconds. Maybe four or five punches
were thrown. Jim [Harbaugh] probably is not playing this week, but then he may
not have played because of his previous injury. We'll have to see week to week
about whether he can return, but it's not a season-ending injury."

On Sunday, Kelly and Harbaugh spoke by phone.

"I consider this something personal between Jim Kelly and I," Harbaugh said
yesterday in a statement released by the team. "We settled things and came to an
understanding."

Kelly could not be reached to comment and did not issue a statement through NBC,
according to network spokesman Ed Markey.

"Kelly and Harbaugh spoke Sunday morning, had a good conversation and worked
everything out," Markey said, adding that there are no plans to avoid having
Kelly do commentary on future Colts games.

Harbaugh missed most of last week's practices with a sprained ankle. He was in
uniform against the Chargers, but was listed as the third quarterback and could
have played only in an emergency. But the Colts did not release information
about the broken bone in Harbaugh's right hand until yesterday. And while they
supported Harbaugh with words, they plan to make him pay financially for the
incident.

The team will place Harbaugh on the non-football injury list today, which means
Harbaugh will lose a week's pay for each week he can't play because of the
broken hand. That reportedly will cost Harbaugh $ 140,000 per week.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                              497 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 31, 1985, Sunday, Final Edition

The Limited's Wexner Sets No Limits;
Called 'Retail Genius'

BYLINE: By Caroline E. Mayer, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Business; F1

LENGTH: 1871 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


"When I go to heaven, I'll be labeled a buyer -- a sweater buyer," said Leslie
H. Wexner, chairman of The Limited Inc. "I wouldn't demean myself by just being
an executive."

That self-assessment may seem modest for the 47-year-old, self-made millionaire.
By all accounts, his chain of flashy, brassy stores -- named for their carefully
chosen, limited selection of women's sportswear -- has become one of the
fastest-growing and most successful retail operations in the country.

But retailers and financial analysts agree that Wexner's simple characterization
of himself well may be the secret to his success.

"I think The Limited is one of the unique companies in retailing which is doing
everything right," said Alan Pennington, president of Pennington Associates, a
retail consulting firm. "It's a terrific retail company because it is a better
anticipator and reader of the fashion scene for the customer than almost anybody
else."

"Wexner is a merchant, not an accountant," said a manufacturer who declined to
be named. "Most department stores around the country are run by accountants
who'd rather look at numbers than fashion.  Wexner's merchant orientation helps
explain his success."

By almost any measure, that success is remarkable. In the 22 years since Wexner
opened his first Limited Store in Columbus, Ohio, with a $5,000 loan from his
aunt, he has built a specialty retail company with more than 1,400 stores and
$1.3 billion in annual sales. In 1984, a year when many other retailers' profits
were eroded by sluggish sales, The Limited's profits increased by 30 percent to
reach $92.5 million.

Today, the chain -- still based in Columbus -- owns and operates not only The
Limited Stores but also The Limited Express, geared to the teen-age market; Lane
Bryant and Sizes Unlimited, both selling large-sized women's apparel; and
Victoria's Secret, specializing in lingerie. Additionally, the company owns Mast
Industries, an apparel contractor that manufactures and imports women's apparel
not just for the The Limited but for other retailers as well.

This week, the chain is expected to add another 800 stores to its holdings when
it completes its announced $300 million acquisition of Lerner Stores, a budget
chain that sells women's apparel. With that acquisition, the store's annual
sales will total more than $2 billion.

Even though The Limited company faces a challenge in digesting the Lerner
stores, its fifth acquisition in less than three years, Wexner does not intend
to sit still.

"I see us as a major force in retailing," Wexner said, in an interview in his
Manhattan apartment overlooking Central Park. "In terms of a lifetime business,
I would like the business to be to the retail industry what IBM is to industrial
products. I would like to build a great business just like IBM founder Tom
Watson built."

A few years ago, remarks like these would have been summarily dismissed by Wall
Street and retailing executives. Today, few are laughing at Wexner. Instead,
analysts and industry officials speak glowingly and enthusiastically about The
Limited and Wexner, with most calling him a "retailing genius."

"Their merchandising is second to none," said Terence J. McEvoy, an analyst with
Mabon, Nugent & Co. "They have a clear definition of what each division is
attempting to do. That's not typical in retailing."

"I think it's the finest company in specialty retailing, without a doubt, and
Wexner is the finest merchandiser in the country," said Robert A. Corea, an
analyst with The Ohio Co. Because Corea is based in The Limited's hometown of
Columbus, he keeps closer tabs on the company than most other analysts.

"Wexner knows merchandise better than any other retailer, and he knows how to
market it," Corea said, pointing to The Limited's recent introduction of its
Forenza private label. For months before these large knit sweaters appeared in
Limited Stores, there were large bright signs in the windows saying the latest
Italian knit would arrive shortly.

Today, several months after the sweaters have arrived, there are signs all over
the store noting that "Athentic Forenza" is "finally in America." Yet, Corea
points out, most customers do not know that Forenza is The Limited's own private
label and hasn't been sold in Italy. What's more, although some of the sweaters
are made in Italy, most come from the Far East, Corea said. But by its marketing
and bold displays of the sweaters, Forenza has become one of the hottest-selling
lines in the country.

Additionally, The Limited "has a marked ability to take a poor operation and
turn it into a successful one," Corea said. When The Limited bought Lane Bryant
in 1982, analysts criticized it as an imprudent buy: Lane Bryant had been losing
money for years, and many retailers had turned down the opportunity to buy the
chain.

Within months, The Limited started closing the unprofitable stores and cutting
costs, partly by trimming staff. Wexner also phased out several merchandise
lines such as sleepwear, robes and shoes, while introducing more fashion to the
clothes he did sell to concentrate on a more youthful market.

"The success of the turnaround has been obvious in that Lane Bryant has just
completed the most successful year in its history," Corea noted.

At the same time, analysts predict Wexner will not lose sight of the markets he
has closely targeted. "More than any other retailing organization I can think
of, The Limited is very market-oriented," said Louis W. Stern, executive
director of the Marketing Science Institute. While most retailers react to
market trends as they develop, The Limited "really looks at the consuming
marketplace and figures out what it will be and what its position should be in
that marketplace and then plays to it," Stern contended.

According to Stern and other analysts, the outstanding example of that
orientation was the company's early realization that the growth in the women's
apparel market was not in the teen-aged, junior market -- the target most
retailers were trying to reach -- but in clothing for the 20- to 40-year-old. As
a result, The Limited changed its merchandise mix long before other retailers
reached similar conclusions.

Then in 1982, while other retailers were trying to reach the older career woman,
The Limited concluded that there was still money to be made in the teen-age
market. So it created a new store, The Limited Express, to sell sportswear to
the 15- to 25-year-old.

In so doing, The Limited has concluded that, unlike department stores, it
doesn't want to reach every woman, Pennington noted. Instead, "They have
narrowed their focus and stay pretty true to that," he said. "When a 50-year-old
walks into one of their stores and says 'This is disgusting,' they rejoice."

Wexner is pleased that the analysts finally have come to like his company. And
he noted that, given the sharp appreciation in the company's stock, "If they
didn't speak highly of us, I'd suspect them.

"Analysts like to believe in fairy tales," he added. "We're doing very well now,
so they like us. But we will do bad one day -- I don't know when, but even the
best-run companies hit funny cycles."

Wexner's chief concern is how well his company can handle the growth it is
undergoing and the growth he has planned for it. "We can raise the money, but
not grow the people fast enough," he said. "I worry about that. But hopefully,
we have built our foundation well," he added, knocking for luck on his mahogany
desk.

The key to the company's foundation is that every one of its divisions is led by
a merchant, Wexner asserted. "I avoid -- and will scrupulously avoid -- putting
CPAs in as chief executive officers. . . . There was a big notion in the 1960s
that, if you were a good manager, you could run anything. I don't believe that.
I think that a lot of businesses that are having problems now are run by people
who don't have high skills in the business they are running."

For retailers, that means having merchants and buyers at the helm. "I'm very
proud to be a merchant," he said. "I'm more apt to sit down with division
executives and review last month's selling -- what did sell, and what do they
think will sell next month -- than talk about last month's telephone expenses. .
. . I can sit down with a pencil and design a store. I'm not uncomfortable going
into a showroom and picking a style and buying a line . . . . There's very few
retailers who can do that."

What does the customer want? "What they don't have," Wexner replied. "You have
to understand that no one has to buy anything. On a utility basis, everybody has
enough clothing in their closets to last them 100 years. So the issue in
retailing is to create a demand to stimulate people to buy."

Wexner and his associates spend most of their lives trying to create that
demand. When he travels abroad, instead of taking pictures of the foreign
sights, for example, he ends up taking pictures of store signs, store fronts and
stores. Although he denies he is a workaholic, Wexner reveals in the next
breath: "I'm a very difficult person to live with because I never feel that I
work hard. I never have any sense of accomplishment. I'm on to the next event,
and I really don't take time to smell the roses."

Wexner is not the only workaholic in the company, according to C. William Ress,
chairman of a Columbus, Ohio, retailing consulting firm, C. W. Ress &
Associates. "I don't know anyone who works there who sees daylight," Ress said,
pointing out that, even at night, you can drive by The Limited's headquarters
and see the parking lot full of cars.

"Les is totally married to the business. He's never been married. He has never
had time," Ress said.

"We all work, we work pretty hard," commented David T. Kollat, The Limited's
executive vice president. "But it's difficult to draw a distinction between work
and play. If work is successful and doing well, it's a lot of fun." Besides,
Kollat added, hard workers are well-rewarded at The Limited, noting that at
least 50 of the 17,000 employes there have become millionaires through salaries,
stock options and other benefits.

Wexner himself has moved from being a law school dropout to a man worth more
than $500 million, with houses in Columbus, Manhattan, Palm Beach and Vail. His
New York apartment -- where he spends about two days every other week -- is
overflowing with modern art and antiquities. At the same time, he is a
philanthropist who has remembered his roots in Columbus.

His life today is far from what he envisioned when he started The Limited in
1963. "Before we had a store, I wanted only to have a store and not go broke. In
terms of a lifetime ambition, I thought I would be happy if I could have one
store and a $15,000-a-year income. Then after we had one store, it was like,
maybe we could have two stores. Then, if we could have two, we could have 10.
When we got to be 10 stores, I thought it was possible, as a lifetime ambition,
that we could be a 50-store chain."

Today with more than 1,400 stores, he no longer places limits on his lifetime
ambition. "We are never satisfied, and I hope we will never get satisfied,"
Wexner said. "The day I'm satisfied is the day I die."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Pictures 1 through 4, Leslie Wexner, chairman of The Limited, Inc.
insists he is foremost a merchant; Retailing wizard Leslie Wexner says he no
longer places limits on lifetime goals of company expansion; Called by some
analysts the "finest merchandiser in the country," The limited and its affiliate
group of clothing stores helped establish an industry trend in flashy storeroom
display featuring a heavy dose of chrome and glass fixtures. Photos by Frank
Johnston -- The Washington Post

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                              498 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                   September 13, 1993, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Expos can use the p-word; Pennant race tightens after 9th- inning win

BYLINE: JEFF BLAIR; GAZETTE

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D1/BREAK

LENGTH: 628 words


EXPOS 3

REDS 2

Randy Ready and Oreste Marrero are the Accidental Tourists of this National
League East pennant race. But then, so are you.

That's not to demean their contributions. Far from it. It's just that when both
players joined the Expos in Philadelphia back in August it was more as a
cost-effective way to help Felipe Alou maintain his sanity than a hint of
pennant aspirations.

Marrero, you'll remember, didn't even have luggage when he arrived from Double-A
Harrisburg. But he did have a glove and became the team's 13th different
starting first baseman in two years. Ready had major-league experience and a
wish to show the baseball world that he still existed and had developed the
reputation as the consummate teammate with four previous major-league teams.

"We were swept in those three games, yes?" Marrero - a man of few words - asked
yesterday after another one-run win, this time a 3-2 victory over the Cincinnati
Reds that moved the Expos to within five games of the Philadelphia Phillies.
"You lose three. You 13 back. You say to yourself: well, this is going to be
tough."

With one out in the ninth inning, Larry Walker slapped a 1-1 pitch from Kevin
Wickander into right field over a drawn-in infield to score Marquis Grissom and
lift the Expos to their fourth one-run decision in a six-game winning streak. It
was the Expos' 15th win in 16 games.

And now they're using those 'p' words in the clubhouse: pennant race and
Phillies. At least, some of them are. "I try not to hear it. It's like I told
someone else: I don't even know when we got hot," said Grissom, who stole second
against right-hander Scott Service (2-1) while Marrero patiently drew a walk,
then went to third on a walk to Moises Alou before Reds manager Davey Johnson
finally put a lefty into the game against Walker. Too late, in most people's
minds.

There would be no 100th National League win, either, for Expos' starter Dennis
Martinez. He left leading 2-1 after seven innings but reliever Mel Rojas gave it
up on three pitches, surrending a home run to Jacob Brumfield on a 0-2 offering.

John Wetteland got the win in the ninth, raising his record to 9-3.

Grissom scored the game's first run when Darrin Fletcher hit into a fielder's
choice with the bases loaded. Fletcher would be on second when Ready doubled him
in in the sixth to give Martinez his lead.

The 33-year-old Ready has been a god-send in the absence of Delino DeShields -
"Huge," Walker explained, "and I've told him that to his face, told him he's a
guy we got to keep around here" - while Marrero has quietly managed to avoid
screwing up, although he did forget to go to the bag on a sharp single to right
by John Roper in the third inning. Walker was there in plenty of time to make
your basic 9-3 put-out.

"Things have worked out well with Oreste hitting second," said Grissom. "I don't
know what they (the coaches) or Felipe have told him but we have a deal. I want
him to give me one strike. I told him he can do what he has to do after that -
but that I need that one strike. He does that."

The Expos are getting themselves back together, now. Moises Alou made his first
start since straining his right groin on August 30; DeShields is expected to
start Wednesday in St. Louis and will be in the No. 2 hole. But that doesn't
mean folks like Ready and Marrero will be forgotten. They'll share some first
base, for starters.

Ready said yesterday that he didn't want to sound "precocious", or evoke any
"hubris."

"I don't think one guy can take credit for too much around here," Ready said.
"If anything, I've just tried to maintain a good approach, and prepare myself
well. That can count for something, I think."

Count like this: one, two, three, four - five.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CP/ Expos' Marquis Grissom slides in with stolen base as Reds shortstop
Jeff Branson knocks down errant throw.

               Copyright 1993 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              499 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 29, 2012 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

For Paterno and Penn State, Great Life and Blind Spots

SECTION: Section SP; Column 0; Sports Desk; IN-BOX; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 552 words


To the Sports Editor:

Re ''Unequaled Coach and Face of Penn State, Felled by a Scandal,'' Jan. 23: The
passing of Joe Paterno is sad not just because of the death of a great man, but
because of the disrespectful treatment from the Penn State administration that
he had to endure in his final weeks.

We can argue all day long about whether Paterno should have done more in the
matter of the child sexual abuse accusations against his former assistant. When
he became aware of the seriousness of the accusations and the fact that the
university administration covered it up, he agreed to resign as football coach.
It's clear to me that the administration fired Paterno as a scapegoat for their
own cover-up. There was no need to take this good man and rub his nose in the
dirt. There was no need to disrespect him and his legacy. Jeffrey Paul

Albuquerque

To the Sports Editor:

Joe Paterno's legacy is a clear case of a life of achievement that will remain
flawed by tragedy, defined as an act or decision taken, or not taken, that
tarnishes the record of a high achiever and near great. The misstep might be one
of hubris or excessive pride, or because of an absorbing priority that can blind
one to seeming lesser distractions.

This is not to demean the high ideals and good of the near-greats. But in terms
Paterno might appreciate, it's a lesson we mortals should remember as we praise
great lives, and recognize the blind spots that can bedevil the noblest of our
icons. William Francis Ryan

Cleveland Heights, Ohio

Friends of the Giants

To the Sports Editor:

The fans of the Indianapolis Colts and Peyton Manning are extending a warm
welcome to the fans of the Giants and Eli Manning. You are traveling to friendly
territory. We wish you the best in the coming Super Bowl and hope you have a
repeat of the championship game in 2008.

As for the Patriots, let's just say there is no love lost between our fans and
theirs. Pat Jones

Greenwood, Ind.

Taking the High Road

To the Sports Editor:

Re ''Bruins' Stanley Cup M.V.P. Declines Team's Visit With Obama,'' Jan. 24: Tim
Thomas's refusal to accompany the Boston Bruins to the White House reminds me of
a similar decision I had to make. In 2005, I was the New Mexico Teacher of the
Year. All of the state teachers of the year, along with those from United States
territories, were invited to the White House to meet President George W. Bush. I
opposed nearly everything that he did as president. Yet out of respect for my
school, my state and my colleagues, I elected to go. (I did wear a Clinton
button hidden under my jacket.)

Tim Thomas should have made a similar decision. His childish behavior reflects
poorly on his team and on him, and provides a example of what is wrong in our
public discourse. Nancy Schick

Los Alamos, N.M.

Unity Through Soccer

To the Sports Editor:

Re ''Israel's Improbables,'' Jan. 26: Kiryat Shmona's soccer players helped the
town overcome conflict and unite Arabs and Israelis in rallying behind them as
they rise to the international stage as a championship team. Tying in the
history of the city and its team's fortunes enabled me to connect on a human
level with the people in a place so often described in terms of politics and
strife. I think that the world can learn from the unity fostered among citizens
of this town. Arik Legman

Closter, N.J.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Goalie Tim Thomas, the Stanley Cup M.V.P., declined to accompany
his Bruins teammates on their visit to the White House last Monday. (PHOTOGRAPH
BY RICHARD LIPSKI/ASSOCIATED PRESS)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              500 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             July 24, 2003 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

BASEBALL;
Setting Record Straight on Ruth

BYLINE:  By RICHARD SANDOMIR

SECTION: Section D; Column 1; Sports Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 775 words


Fixing the reputation of Harry Frazee, the owner of the Boston Red Sox who sold
Babe Ruth to the Yankees in late 1919, is no easy task. You don't sell Babe
Ruth, even if he wasn't Babe Ruth yet, and come awaywith history adoring you as
if you were Branch Rickey.

Frazee's tenure in baseball is defined by selling Ruth for $100,000 in cash and
promissory notes, and a $300,000 loan. Winning the 1918 World Series, the last
Series victory for the Red Sox, in Frazee's second season as the owner, receives
minimal acclaim. All future failures would be catalogued retroactively under the
Curse of the Bambino.

Max Frazee, Harry's great-grandson, is sensitive to the vilification of his
family name; he said that his father, Harry III, was even keener to those
slights. Max carefully chooses whom he will talk to in the news media for fear
that his remarks will be twisted to suit the curse or demean his
great-grandfather.

"History has maligned my great-grandfather," Frazee, 48, said Tuesday night at
the Museum of American Folk Art in Manhattan, which held a program on Ruth to
promote "The Perfect Game," its exhibition of baseball artwork. He said that
Harry Frazee had sold Ruth largely because of his misbehavior and salary demands
as well as a feud with Ban Johnson, the autocratic American League president,
that split the league and led him to sell Ruth to the one team that could truly
afford him.

Frazee said that his great-grandfather was wealthy enough -- "a millionaire by
the time he bought the team" -- to pay Ruth but could not abide him.

He said all this while wearing a Yankees cap, as if Hal Steinbrenner, George's
son, had slipped into a Mets uniform.

Does he have any affinity for the Red Sox?

"Absolutely none," Frazee said.

He grew up in San Diego, and whenever he watched "Game of the Week," there were
the Yankees. He lives in Manhattan, works as a construction supervisor and is
also a conceptual artist.

He learned that it is not easy being a Frazee, especially during a cameo
appearance in Boston. Ten years ago, he traveled there for the first time to
receive a pin to commemorate the 1918 World Series championship. When he walked
onto the Fenway Park field, he was booed.

"But the Red Sox treated me very well," he said. "I was introduced to Carl
Mays's daughter and Babe's daughter, Julia Ruth Stevens." His
great-grandfather's sale of Mays to the Yankees in 1919 led to a court battle
against Johnson in New York.

There is a deep New York strain in Frazee history. Harry had a home in Boston
but lived mainly on Park Avenue. He was one of Broadway's top producers; "No,
No, Nanette" was his biggest hit, but the money from selling Ruth did not
finance its production, as the lore of the curse goes, because it opened five
years after the sale. He was also friendly with Mayor Jimmy Walker (who was at
Harry's deathbed and was Harry III's godfather), George Gershwin, Charles
Lindbergh and Irving Berlin.

"He said the best thing about Boston was the train ride home to New York," his
great-grandson said.

Two other friends were Jacob Ruppert and Tillinghast L. Huston, the co-owners of
the Yankees. Ruppert and Frazee, by cosmic coincidence, are buried in Kensico
Cemetery in Valhalla, N.Y.

The Frazee-Ruppert tie endures. Max Frazee was introduced last year to Jacob
Ruppert, a great-grandnephew of the former Yankees owner, at a Barnes & Noble
book signing for Glenn Stout, the author of "Red Sox Century," which Frazee said
got his family's story right.

"I had just recently met Jacob and brought him to the signing," said Marty
Appel, an author and former Yankees public relations director. "Max was talking
about how his great-grandfather was misrepresented and that he wasn't a bad guy,
and I said, 'Max Frazee, meet Jacob Ruppert."'

Frazee recalled: "I was almost in tears. It was so unexpected."

Ruppert is his family's historian, and when he discovers Frazee memorabilia --
old theater Playbills and sheet music -- he sends it to Max. He sees no basis
for blaming Frazee for the historical underachievement of the Red Sox.

"People don't know the facts," Ruppert said. "When I see professionals or
armchair historians talk about it, I don't like it. Harry was selling off
players one by one, which was the cause of his rift with Johnson."

The curse is irrelevant to Max Frazee. More relevant is the performance of the
Red Sox after his great-grandfather sold the team in 1923 (three months after
the opening of Yankee Stadium).

"Boston fans know," he said in an interview yesterday, "that subsequent
ownership did not do a great job of bringing a championship. They always seemed
to be behind the Yankees."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Harry Frazee, left, the Red Sox owner who sold Babe Ruth to the
Yanks. "History has maligned my great-grandfather," said Max Frazee, right.
(Photographs by Harris and Ewing left ; Lucian M. Read for The New York Times
right )

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company
