
                               1 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           September 1, 2015 Tuesday

Diminished Value of Georgia, Growing at 40% Year over Year, is Now Expanding its
Footprint in Georgia by Hiring 10 New Field Inspectors

LENGTH: 470  words


(PRWeb) - Diminished Value of Georgia is Atlanta's largest independent car
appraisal company specializing in loss-in-value claims. Diminished Value of GA's
clients range drastically in size, from individuals seeking car appraisals for
their personal vehicles to personal injury attorneys and insurance carriers.


"We average about 500 car appraisals per month," says Tony Rached, owner and
operator of DVGA, "Ee're always looking for quality individuals to help us
grow," he adds.
Field inspector positions are open to candidates with a minimum of 10 years
automotive experience and who are self-directed and motivated.
Responsibilities include:
1) Inspect customer vehicles after body shop repairs. 2) Evaluate the quality of
work performed by the collision repair facility. 3) Confirm the repairs to match
the written estimate. 4) Verify replacement parts to be OEM or aftermarket. 5)
Quantify repair related loss in value.
Applicants are required to have automotive experience in sales and/or repair.
They should work well independently and meet deadlines consistently. Applicants
should note that this position will not always have regular hours. Applicants
must possess a clean driving record, pass a background check, and be able to
legally work in the US.
As compensation, field inspectors will receive a $100 flat fee per inspection
and are reimbursed for expenses.
Territories and available positions:
1) Atlanta, GA Diminished Value Inspector (7 positions open, 5 already filled)
2) Augusta, GA Diminished Value Inspector (3 positions open, 2 already filled)
3) Brunswick, GA Diminished Value Inspector (2 positions open, 1 already filled)
4) Columbus, GA Diminished Value Inspector (2 positions open, 1 already filled)
5) Gainesville, GA Diminished Value Inspector (2 positions open, 1 already
filled) 6) Macon, GA Diminished Value Inspector (3 positions open, 1 already
filled) 7) Rome, GA Diminished Value Inspector (1 positions open, 0 already
filled) 8) Savannah, GA Diminished Value Inspector (4 positions open, 2 already
filled) 9) Valdosta, GA Diminished Value Inspector (2 positions open, 1 already
filled)
To be considered for the field inspector position, please apply at Diminished
Value of Georgia now hiring page.
Diminished Value of Georgia is a licensed, BBB-accredited company specializing
in diminished value assessments.
Diminished Value of Georgia is a subsidiary of Car Appraisals and Claims LLC who
also operates several other car related businesses throughout the Southeast.
For more information about the car appraisal services they offer, please visit
their website or call Tony Rached's Google Voice number at 678-200-9069.
For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com /releases/
Diminished-Value-Georgia/Hiring-Atlanta-Car/prweb12934174.htm 2015 Legal Monitor
Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               2 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                   New Orleans CityBusiness (New Orleans, LA)

                            October 27, 2003 Monday

Diminished value claims pit insurers against clients

BYLINE: Michael Giusti

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 810 words


Nobody wants to buy a car that has been in an accident.

That's why some people demand that their insurers reimburse them after crashes
by citing diminished value, a controversial concept.

Diminished value claims are based on the idea that a car in an accident will
always be worth less even if the damage is fully repaired.

"The idea is, that if you thought Blue Book is x, it is now x-minus if it was in
an accident," said P.J. Crowley, director of the New York-based Insurance
Information Institute.

Insurers and consumer advocates differ on whether that makes the insurance
company responsible for the difference. Aside from Georgia, where the State
Supreme Court recently ruled insurers must pay for diminished value, state
courts and legislatures have largely avoided the issue.

In Louisiana, most insurance companies exclude diminished value claims from
their contracts, said Jeff Albright, executive vice president of the Independent
Insurance Agents of Louisiana, a trade group based in Baton Rouge.

If you crash your car, the company has to repair it but it is not obligated to
reimburse for any real or perceived loss of value. The question comes in
Louisiana when a car is hit by a third party.

"In third-party cases, depending on your company, the rule can be interpreted
differently," said Don Beery, vice president and partner of Eustis Insurance and
Benefits in New Orleans. "Actual loss sustained could include diminished value."

Insurers say the diminished value assumption is unfounded.

"We do not believe that it is automatic or inherent that an auto's value
diminishes after an accident if the proper repairs by a skilled professional are
made as they should be," said Gary Stephenson, State Farm Insurance spokesman.

Car-pricing experts disagree, saying the resale value will drop if a buyer knows
the car has been hit - even if a professional mechanic made repairs with
top-grade parts.

"If a car has been repaired from a significant accident, the value of the car
can diminish from 15% to as much as 50%," said Jesse Toprak, director of pricing
and market analysis for Edmunds.com, a San Jose, Calif.-based auto pricing
guide.

Unless the car is deemed a total loss and receives a "title brand" such as
salvage or junk, sellers do not have to disclose any properly repaired damage,
which is why buyers use database services like Carfax.com. Carfax tracks
significant damage and repairs, said Scott Fredericks, Carfax vice president.

"Consumers want to be especially cautious of accidents where the vehicle has
sustained frame damage, especially those that breach the passenger compartment,"
Fredericks said. "Anything that necessitates the welding of the frame back
together should prompt the buyer to have the vehicle checked carefully by a body
shop professional before purchase."

Fredericks said any damage involving water also raises major caution flags.

"Water can quickly damage electrical systems, vehicle computers and anti-lock
brake or airbag systems," he said.

Since Louisiana courts and lawmakers have been silent on the diminished value
issue, no insurer is going to volunteer to pay such claims. Some drivers have
successfully demanded payment, though.

To pursue a diminished value claim, Beery said, call your agent first.

"If you use an independent agent, he will be more likely to fight for you,"
Beery said. "The next step, if you don't get anywhere, is the insurance
commissioner's office. If you are denied there, then the courts are really your
last option."

Beery warns against filing suit, however.

"Litigation is a very expensive toy," he said.

Insurers, such as State Farm, say diminished value claims will cost consumers
more in the long run.

"To expand auto coverage beyond proper repair to include payment for diminished
value would add more costs in claims and would directly impact insurance rates
upward for everyone," Stephenson said. "Claims drive rates."

Insurance companies say diminished value was not included when drivers
negotiated their premiums, Crowley said.

Requiring insurers pay claims for diminished value may appear to be in the
customers' best interests, but Crowley said it will only raise costs.

"Over time, if litigation results in a broadening of coverage, it is going to
end up costing drivers more money," he said. "Most policies say 'We will restore
your car to its condition prior to the accident.' If litigation pushes companies
to include diminished value, it will increase coverage and cost."

Albright said a Supreme Court ruling or a legislative bill from Baton Rouge will
be needed to settle the issue.

"Unless the legislator passes a statute saying you must provide coverage for
diminished value, then insurers will use the standard forms specifically
excluding diminished value and consumers will continue demanding it," he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                               3 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           February 20, 2016 Saturday

Diminished Value of Georgia to Appear at the Understanding Colossus Personal
Injury Seminar

LENGTH: 475  words


(PRWeb) - Diminished Value of Georgia, Atlanta's leading vehicle appraisal
company, will be exhibiting at the Brice Law Firm-sponsored Understanding
Colossus Personal Injury Seminar for doctors and lawyers on Saturday, February
20, 2016. The event will take place at the Renaissance Waverly Hotel and
Convention Center in North Atlanta and will feature speakers James Mathis and
Dr. Matt Degaetano.

Diminished Value of Georgia is a company that offers assistance to car accident
victims by providing the required documents to file an insurance claim for loss
in value. Diminished value is defined as the measured loss in value that a
vehicle is subjected to after an accident or other incident (such as fire or
flood). An insurance company is required by law to reimburse the insured party
for the actual amount of loss in the value of the automobile as a result of
damage. Hiring a reputable independent appraiser to assess the vehicle is the
best way to determine the diminished value.

Diminished value differs from depreciation in that it is sudden and unexpected;
depreciation is the expected loss in value of a vehicle over time. When an
insured party files an auto claim, he or she should seek compensation from the
insurance company for diminished value.

"Insurance companies know who the legitimate and unbiased appraisers are," notes
Tony Rached, owner of DVGA. "This is one of the reasons our clients collect the
highest settlement rate in the industry."

Frequently, attorneys hire DVGA to help their clients maximize their settlements
on their personal property claims. Diminished value is a significant, real loss
their clients accrue after a car accident. With so many insurance companies
underpaying on loss-in-value claims, attorneys rely on Diminished Value of
Georgia's accurate valuation reports to demand fair compensation for their
clients.

The Understanding Colossus Seminar is an informative personal injury event held
in Atlanta, Georgia. Insurance expert James Mathis, who hails from Reno, Nevada,
will present the best ways to get insurance companies to pay bills in personal
injury claims and the strategies that can be used to expedite the process. The
seminar offers all physicians and attorneys ways to obtain success in dealing
with the insurance industry. Special guest Dr. Matt Degaetano will also be
speaking at the event.

Personal Injury Attorneys requiring vehicle appraisals and helpful property
damage information can visit the Car Appraisals & Claims dedicated attorney
website.

DVGA offers helpful information on its website, including a diminished value
calculatorthat assists car accident victims in determining how much money they
may be entitled to for the loss in value of their vehicles. Please visit the
Diminished Value of Georgia website or call (678) 404-0455 for more information.
2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                              July 29, 2013 Monday

Diminished Value of Georgia is a Sponsor and an Exhibitor at the GTLA Auto Torts
Workshop in Destin, FL.

LENGTH: 302  words


Diminished Value of Georgia, Atlanta's #1 auto appraisal company is a proud
supporter of the Georgia Trial Lawyer Association and will be sponsoring this
year's GTLA auto torts workshop in beautiful Destin, Florida.


About the GTLA: Founded in 1956, the Georgia Trial Lawyers Association (GTLA) is
dedicated to strengthening and upholding Georgia's civil justice system and
protecting the rights of Georgia citizens and consumers.
"Most personal injury attorneys are members of the GTLA and since we do business
with many attorneys, it's only logical for us to support the GTLA", says Antoine
Rached, Owner of Diminished Value of Georgia. "We also share GTLA's passion for
helping consumers", he added.
What is diminished value? By definition, diminished value is the loss in value a
vehicle suffers after an accident. Buyers will always offer less for a wrecked
and repaired vehicle than an undamaged counterpart. By law, insurance carriers
are required to compensate the vehicle owners for this loss.
Attorneys hire Diminished Value of Georgia to help their clients achieve much
better settlements on their personal property claims. Diminished Value after all
is a real loss their client accrue after a car accident. Since many insurance
companies underpay on loss in value claims, attorneys rely on Diminished Value
of Georgia's accurate valuation reports to demand fair compensation for their
clients.
"Diminished Value of Georgia has successfully helped our clients achieve a much
more favorable settlement" says Alex Nguyen of the HQN law firm, "they are an
incredible resource for our law firm", he added.
Attorneys requiring auto appraisals and helpful property damage information can
visit DVGA's dedicated attorney website at http://www.dvclaim.com where
ppraisals are offered to GTLA members at a discounted rate.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2013 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                                  May 9, 2005

5th Circuit rules insured can't recover 'diminished value' of vehicle

BYLINE: Lawyers Weekly USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 313  words


Two auto accident victims were not entitled, under Mississippi law, to recover
for their vehicles' diminished value, the 5th Circuit has ruled.

The victims were both insureds of the same insurance company who suffered
partial vehicle losses as the result of automobile accidents. Both believed that
they were entitled under state law not just to repair costs but also to payment
for the diminished value of their automobiles - the difference between the fair
market values of the vehicles pre-accident and post-repair.

But the 5th Circuit held that the relevant policy language was unambiguous and
did not provide for the recovery of "diminished value. "

The court said this was the majority view.

Here, the policy "explicitly outlined the three bases for ... 'cost or repair or
replacement. ' That is, the 'cost of repair or replacement' could be based upon
either the cost of repair or replacement agreed upon by the insured and [the
insurance company], a competitive bid approved by [the insurance company] or a
written estimate based upon the prevailing price. "

"There is no mention," the court said, "of additional recovery for any loss in,
or diminished, value; nor can any policy text be understood in its 'plain,
ordinary and popular sense' ... to mean such diminished value is recoverable.
Thus, based on our plain reading of the distinct, unambiguous policy language
here that expressly defined the limited alternatives of the 'cost of repair and
replacement,' and adhering to the traditional contract principle that the policy
is to be read as a whole such that each clause is given effect, we conclude that
this policy did not provide for additional recovery by [the insureds] of any
diminished value on their vehicles. "

Blakely v. State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co. (Lawyers Weekly USA No.
9930603) U.S. Court of Appeals, 5th Circuit No. 04-60577. April 18, 2005.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                               6 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                    November 29, 2001 Thursday, Home Edition

Ruling: Insurers liable for vehicles' lost value

BYLINE: BILL RANKIN

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Metro News; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 758 words


In a groundbreaking ruling, the Georgia Supreme Court said Wednesday that an
auto insurer not only has to reimburse motorists for car repairs, but also for
the diminished value of cars damaged in collisions.

The ruling means auto insurers can no longer take the position that cars that
have been in a wreck and then fully repaired still haven't lost their value,
said C. Neal Pope, a Columbus lawyer who brought the case against State Farm
Mutual Automobile Insurance Co.

"This means folks are going to start getting paid what they should have been
paid over the years," Pope said. "In the past, the insurance companies have
said, 'We've fixed your car and that's it.' Not anymore."

The ruling has broad ramifications because Pope has filed similar lawsuits on
behalf of clients against numerous insurance companies, including GEICO,
Progressive, Cotton States, MetLife and Allstate.

In a unanimous ruling, the Georgia Supreme Court also upheld a decision by a
Columbus trial judge who certified a class-action lawsuit against State Farm.
And the court upheld an injunction issued by Muscogee County Superior Court
Judge Doug Pullen ordering State Farm to begin collecting and maintaining the
information necessary to begin reimbursing clients for the diminished value of
their damaged --- and repaired --- cars.

State Farm, headquartered in Bloomington, Ill., is "disappointed" with the
ruling, spokesman Dave Hurst said. "We are still reviewing the decision to see
what impact it will have on this case and future claim handling in Georgia."

When asked if the requirement that auto insurers must now pay for diminished
value will result in higher premiums, Hurst said: "We'll just have to wait and
see. . . . But our general feeling about claims for diminished value is if
insurance companies are required to pay them on a widespread basis, premiums
would have to go up eventually."

Still, consumer advocates were ecstatic.

"It's extremely good news for consumers," said Ann Spink, president of Auto
Claims Help, a consumer advocacy group for the insured following the case. "Any
insurer who says it doesn't owe diminished value is creating an illusion of a
policy."

"This is a groundbreaking ruling," said Dennis Howard, executive director of
Arizona-based Insurance Consumer Advocate Network, also called I-CAN. "I'm
absolutely thrilled. We're looking at a lot of money that's probably going to
have to be paid out by the insurance companies."

I-CAN, through consumer surveys, has found that wrecked cars that require repair
bills totaling 25 percent of the value also suffer a 16 to 17 percent loss in
value. "When it comes time to sell a car, if you disclose that it's been in a
wreck --- which you have to do under the law --- the resale value is diminished
," Howard said.

Howard said that, in the future, auto insurers may require prospective
policyholders to accept policies that specifically exclude diminished value
coverage. Or, Howard suggested, insurance companies may provide collision and
comprehensive coverage to policyholders and give them the opportunity to pay a
separate premium for diminished value coverage.

In the State Farm case, two policyholders contended that no matter how well a
wrecked car was repaired, the insurance company was liable for the amount of any
diminished value of the car. State Farm countered that there was no objectively
discernible diminution in value, and if there was such a loss, it would not be
realized until the car was resold.

Writing for the Georgia Supreme Court, Justice Robert Benham noted that State
Farm's promise to its clients is to "pay for loss to your car," minus any
deductible. And Benham cited State Farm's own documents in which the company
acknowledged there is a common perception that a wrecked vehicle is worth less
simply because it has been wrecked.

"Recognition of diminution of value as an element of loss to be recovered on the
same basis as other elements of loss merely reflects economic reality," Benham
wrote.

Pope, the plaintiffs' lawyer from Columbus, said State Farm already has
deposited $60 million into a bank account to begin paying off diminished value
claims.

And Pope noted that the State Farm case is far from over. This summer, Pullen
issued an order requiring the insurance company to access 500,000 past claims,
dating back to 1993, over the diminished value of repaired vehicles. In a
separate appeal, which is now pending, State Farm is challenging that decision
before the Georgia Supreme Court.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                               7 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                            January 21, 2013 Monday

U.S. Supreme Court to decide: Can state retroactively abolish diminished
-capacity defense?

BYLINE: Sylvia Hsieh

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 426  words


Was a state court's retroactive application of a rule abolishing the diminished
-capacity defense so unexpected that it violated a defendant's due process
rights?

The U.S. Supreme Court has taken up the issue by agreeing to review a 6th
Circuit ruling granting habeas relief to a criminal defendant.

In 1993, Burt Lancaster, a former Detroit police officer with a long history of
mental illness, shot and killed his girlfriend. At his first-degree murder trial
in state court, he admitted killing his girlfriend but claimed insanity and
diminished capacity. A jury rejected both defenses and convicted him.

The defendant got a new trial after a federal court concluded that prosecutors
had improperly struck a juror based on race. He waived his right to a trial by
jury and opted for a bench trial, limiting his defense to his claim of
diminished capacity. But the judge prohibited him from asserting that claim
because in 2001, between his two trials, the state supreme court had abolished
the defense.

The defendant was convicted a second time and sentenced to life in prison.

In his petition for habeas corpus, Lancaster argued that the trial court
violated his due process rights by retroactively applying the state supreme
court's ruling that abolished the defense.

A U.S. District Court rejected that claim, finding that it was foreseeable that
the diminished capacity defense would be abolished because it had never been
officially endorsed by the state supreme court.

The 6th Circuit disagreed.

"The belief that diminished capacity was a legitimate defense was so widely held
by the Michigan legal community that ... the Michigan State Bar's Criminal Jury
Instructions included an instruction on the defense. ...

"[The defendant] could not have reasonably foreseen in 1993 -- when his crime
was committed -- that the consistent line of Michigan Court of Appeals'
decisions upholding the diminished-capacity defense would have been overturned
before his retrial in 2005,"  the panel held in a 2-1 ruling.

The due process violation was not harmless, it added.

"Preventing a defendant from presenting his only viable defense at trial is so
prejudicial that holding the violation harmless would suggest that almost no
constitutional violation would warrant reversal," the court said.

Metrish v. Lancaster, No. 12-547. Certiorari granted Jan. 18, 2013. Ruling
below: Lancaster v. Metrish, 683 F.3d 740 (6th Cir. 2012).

<a href="http://www.lawyersusaonline.com/be-the-first-to-know/">Click here for
more from this resource. </a>

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                             National Underwriter,
             Property & Casualty/Risk & Benefits Management Edition

                                January 21, 2002

Allstate Settles Auto Suit For $ 59 Million

BYLINE: By Daniel Hays

SECTION: AUTO INSURANCE; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 541 words


Allstate has become the latest auto insurer in Georgia to reach a
multi-million-dollar class action settlement over claims for diminished market
value of damaged vehicles.

A $ 59 million settlement fund will be created, the Northbrook, Ill.-based
insurer said.  The case, Earl et. al. v. Allstate, involved Allstate Insurance
Company and Allstate Indemnity Company.

The suit leading to the settlement involves claims that customers in Georgia
over the last six years were entitled to payment for their vehicles' loss of
market value after an accident, in addition to repair costs.

The inherent diminished value at issue was defined as the alleged difference
between a vehicle's pre-loss value and its post-loss value after complete and
proper repairs.

Allstate said the settlement was reached as a result of the Georgia Supreme
Court's Nov. 28, 2001, decision interpreting diminished value, which went
against State Farm Insurance in a separate class action.

Dave Hurst, a representative for State Farm in its Bloomington, Ill.,
headquarters, said that as a result of that case, the insurer paid $ 50 million
in attorney fees and set up a settlement fund of $ 100 million to cover claims
going back to 1993 involving about 700,000 customers.

The settlement was reached, he said, because "we felt it was in the best
interest of policyholders.  We still dispute the allegations and continue to
believe diminished value is a rare occurrence."

Both Mr. Hurst and an Allstate representative, Michael Trevino, noted that in
other states -- Delaware, Louisiana, Massachusetts and Texas among them --
insurers have secured appeals court rulings that auto policies do not cover
diminished value.

Mr. Trevino said he understood that the top-10 insurers in Georgia have all been
hit with similar class actions.

Allstate said that since 1998, it has been implementing policy language in a
majority of states reaffirming that its collision and comprehensive coverages do
not include diminished value claims.

The company said it is still fighting several legal actions involving diminished
value class actions in other states, including one Illinois case in which a
multi-state class has been certified.

Allstate recorded a reserve related to the Georgia settlement in its
fourth-quarter 2001 results, totaling $ 59 million on a pre-tax basis, and $ 38
million on an after-tax basis -- or approximately 5 cents per diluted share.

Mr. Trevino said the suit pertained to 274,000 claims involving amounts, on
average, of between $ 150 and $ 215.  Allstate has a 12 percent auto insurance
marketshare in Georgia, he said.

C. Neal Pope, with the law firm of Pope, McGlamry, Kilpatrick, Morrison &
Norwood in Atlanta, whose firm brought the case, was not available for comment
as this story went to press.

Last November, after the Georgia State Supreme Court ruling, David J. Colmans,
an official with the Georgia Insurance Information Service, which represents
insurers in the state, said the cost of diminished value claims could end up
being passed on to consumers.

Mr. Hurst said that diminished value payments as implemented in Georgia involve
a complicated formula that factors in such things as the mileage on the damaged
vehicle.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2002 The National Underwriter Company


                               9 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Lima News

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                              March 3, 2006 Friday

Luebrecht case raising 'sanity' questions

BYLINE: David Trinko, The Lima News, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 428 words


Mar. 3--OTTAWA -- The wife of a man who pleaded guilty to murdering their
13-month-old son wonders how different her husband's sentence might be today if
Ohio's laws were different.

Amy Luebrecht will likely sit in the Putnam County Common Pleas courtroom today
and hear her husband's fate. Michael G. Luebrecht, 37, of Fort Jennings, will be
sentenced this morning to life in prison or life in prison with the possibility
of parole in 20, 25 or 30 years.

"He couldn't plead insanity because in Ohio, they say you're either totally
insane or totally sane," Amy Luebrecht said after her husband pleaded guilty to
aggravated murder Feb. 10. "There's no in between in Ohio."

One of Michael Luebrecht's attorneys, John Sabol, said the case showed the need
for "diminished capacity" to be used as a defense in Ohio.

The term applies to an accused person who is not insane but, because of emotion
distress, physical condition or other factors the accused doesn't fully
comprehend, the person doesn't fully comprehend the nature of the crime.

"Unfortunately, diminished capacity is not in favor right now in this country,"
Sabol said after the change of plea. "There are only three or four states in the
United States that allow diminished capacity defense."

Perhaps the most famous "diminished capacity" case in the country came in 1979
in San Francisco. Dan White admitted to killing San Francisco Mayor George
Moscone and Supervisor Harvey Milk but received only a voluntary manslaughter
conviction. In White's case, he claimed his capacity was diminished by the
amount of sugar in his blood because of eating Twinkies.

In 1982, California voters overwhelmingly approved a proposition to eliminate
the diminished capacity plea.

Gary Lammers, Putnam County's prosecutor, said the uncertainty of diagnosing any
mental illness makes diminished capacity a tough sell. He declined to share his
thoughts on that type of defense, saying "that's a question and issue for the
legislature and the lawmakers, perhaps even the judges, to deal with."

"The mind is a very uncertain body part and item to deal with," Lammers said.
"It's not like you can go to the doctor, put a splint on it and it heals itself.
... Maybe that's why diminished capacity is not utilized or recognized in Ohio,
because of the uncertainty of mental-health diagnoses."

Copyright (c) 2006, The Lima News, Ohio Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune
Business News. For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800)
661-2511 (U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060303-LM-0303-Luebrecht-case-raising-sanity-questions

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LM


                          Copyright 2006 The Lima News


                              10 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             July 21, 2015 Tuesday

Diminished Value of Georgia Moving Its Corporate Offices to Roswell, GA

LENGTH: 489  words


(PRWeb) - Diminished Value of Georgia, Atlanta's premier automobile appraisal
company, has relocated its corporate headquarters to Roswell, Georgia. Company
president Tony Rached revealed today.
Their new address is: 11205 Alpharetta Hwy Suite H4 Roswell, GA 30076
"The new space will allow our company to accommodate recent growth and will
provide room for planned future expansion," noted Rached. In business since
2007, Diminished Value of Georgia employs several full-time employees as well as
dozens of appraisal specialists and field inspectors, covering the entire the
state of Georgia. "We're on track to do 5,700 appraisal reports in 2015," adds
Mr. Rached.


Diminished Value of Georgia is an independent car appraisal company specializing
in loss-in-value claims. DVGA's clients range drastically in size, from
individuals seeking appraisals for their personal vehicles to attorneys and
insurance carriers. The company is celebrating a record increase in the amount
of insurance payouts on loss-in-value auto claims its customers have received in
total this year.
Loss in value, also known as diminished value, is the reduction in resale value
a vehicle sustains from repairs resulting from a car accident or incident (such
as fire or flood). Potential car buyers seldom pay the same amount for a wrecked
and repaired vehicle as they would for the same model undamaged.
By law, insurance carriers are required to compensate their customers, in cash,
for this loss in resale value as part of the property damage claim.
To help claimants achieve fair settlement amounts, Diminished Value of Georgia
provides accurate vehicle valuation reports that properly quantify the loss in
value an automobile incurs after an accident or incident (such as from fire or
flood). The vehicle appraisal reports are then submitted to insurance carriers
who, by law, are required to present them as evidence in the claims.
Diminished Value of Georgia is a licensed auto appraisal company, performing an
average of 500 car appraisals a month. It is BBB accredited and A-rated by
consumers, a rating that is rare in the automotive world. DVGA has also received
the Kudzu award for Best Atlanta Car Appraisal Business for three consecutive
years, as well as receiving top ranking in the state of Georgia in the auto
appraisal category on the website Angie's List. Before ordering an appraisal,
customers are encouraged to request a free quote.
Diminished Value of Georgia offers helpful information on its website to educate
consumers about diminished value, including a diminished value calculator that
assists customers in determining how much money they may be entitled to for the
loss in value of their car. For more information, visit Diminished Value of
Georgia or call (678) 404-0455.  For the original version on PRWeb visit:
http://www.prweb.com /releases/Diminished
-Value/Atlanta-Appraiser/prweb12858074.htm 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               New York Observer

                                  July 1, 2008

Play Ball

BYLINE: Andrew Sarris

LENGTH: 426 words


Diminished Capacity Running time 92 minutes Written by Sherwood Kiraly Directed
by Terry Kinney Starring Matthew Broderick, Alan Alda, Virginia Madsen, Dylan
Baker, Bobby Cannavale, Louis C. K.

Terry Kinney's Diminished Capacity, from a screenplay by Sherwood Kiraly, is
based on Mr. Kiraly's gentle and yet hilariously hectic novel spoofing the
insane predilections of people entangled in the mania surrounding the hunt for
an obscure baseball card of a Chicago Cubs player from the early days of our
national pastime. Again, as with The Wackness, for a low-budget project,
Diminished Capacity is blessed with a blue-ribbon cast. Most notably, Matthew
Broderick as brain-damaged Cooper, a downward-drifting Chicago journalist, and
Virginia Madsen as Charlotte, a spunky, divorced mother of one and Cooper's
former flame in their hometown, LaPorte, Mo.-naturally a stronghold of St. Louis
Cardinal fans. The Cardinals, unlike the Cubs, have long been the winningest
National League team against the American League. Alan Alda completes the trio
of top performers as Cooper's terminally demented Uncle Rollie, who believes
that fish pulling on the strings attached to the keys of his typewriter, which
is perched on the banks of the Mississippi  River, will somehow serendipitously
produce readable poetry.

Cooper's mother, Belle (Lois Smith), wants to put Uncle Rollie in a nursing home
for his own protection, and asks Cooper to come back home from Chicago to help
her persuade him. And then there is Wenl (Tom Aldredge), the completely senile
neighbor of Uncle Rollie and Belle, in a trailer he protects zealously with a
shotgun against any strangers who might come to arrest him for some ancient
misdemeanor everyone in LaPorte has forgotten.

The very title, Diminished Capacity, played as it is for uneasy laughs, may
initially disturb viewers like me with memory-loss problems of our own. Yet by
the time the film is over, with its redemptive ending for Cooper, Uncle Rollie,
and the indispensably clear-minded Charlotte, one realizes that one does not
have to be afflicted with "diminished capacity" to do crazy things beyond the
realm of reason in the service of some seemingly trivial mania. Dylan Baker and
Bobby Cannevale as Mad Dog McClure and the very dangerous Lee Vivyan
(particularly when he is mockingly misnamed Vivien Leigh) both exemplify two
sides of this midsummer madness connected, as it is, to masochistic memories of
the Chicago Cubs in all their inglorious ineptitude, which seems to be extended
to this season.

asarris@observer.com

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Observer, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              July 26, 2015 Sunday

Diminished Big 12 scrambles to regain its status

BYLINE: By BERRY TRAMEL

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 1142 words


Ten years ago, the college football season ended with Mighty Vince Young
standing on the Rose Bowl floor showered by confetti and Mack Brown holding
aloft the crystal trophy. Not only the Texas Longhorns ruled the sport, so did
the Big 12 Conference. Â¶ With Texas' stirring 41-38 victory over Southern Cal -
the Longhorns scored 38 points in the final 35 minutes that night - the Big 12
had won three of the most recent nine national titles, each by a different
school. Nebraska, OU and Texas. The Big 12 had a team in six of those nine
national title games. Â¶ No other conference could match the Big 12's
accomplishments. In those nine years, the SEC had won two titles (Tennessee
1998, LSU 2003) and played for no others. The ACC (1999 Florida State), Big Ten
(2002 Ohio State), Pac-10 (2004 Southern Cal) and Big East (2001 Miami) each had
won one national championship.

Fast forward a decade. There is little debate for conference bragging rights.
The SEC reigns. The Big 12 is squishy. Take your pick of the precise
description. Weak. Vulnerable. Unstable. Diminished.That's the word. Diminished.
Smaller in size, reduced by defections from 12 to 10 members. Smaller in stage,
reduced by no championship game that suddenly matters more than ever now that
college football has a four-team playoff. Smaller in stature, now that the Big
12 plays a nine-game conference schedule that scares off some of its better
programs from playing legitimate non-league games that could build Big 12
prestige.And while pundits debate Big 12 expansion or adding a peculiar title
game without divisions, and while coaches absurdly declare that Big 12 football
is as good as ever, at least one voice that matters is talking plain. Plain and
hard."What do we have to do?" asked commissioner Bob Bowlsby. "We have to get
better. We have to win big games when we have them before us, and we have to
demonstrate by competition in the postseason that our conference has led us to
be highly competitive at the end of the season."What do we have to do? We have
to recruit better. We have to develop better. We have to play better. We have to
win the big games when we have a chance to win the big games."The Big 12 this
season needs OU to win at Tennessee and Texas to win at Notre Dame. The Big 12
needs Baylor and OSU and Kansas State to schedule better, so all the pressure of
conference prestige doesn't sit on the shoulders of the traditional powers. The
Big 12 needs its teams to play better in bowl games, unlike the putrid 2-5
performance of last postseason, which included blowout losses by the Sooners and
Longhorns.New members might (or might not) solidify the conference. A new title
game might help with the political process of postseason selection. But neither
is going to make any Big 12 team grow fangs short-term. Neither is going to make
any Big 12 team, in the words of expatriate Brent Venables, a bowling ball of
butcher knives."We need to be in a constant improvement mode," Bowlsby said
Monday during Big 12 Media Days. "We need to play better, and we need to do what
we can to get better in every single way."The Big 12 finds itself in a
conundrum. At the same time its status with other leagues never has been lower,
it's never been more difficult to win within the conference. Parity has come to
the Big 12 and spread like Johnsongrass.Once-hopeless Baylor and TCU were the
two best teams in the Big 12 last season and are projected to be the same in
2015. OSU and K-State won league titles in 2011 and 2012, respectively, and each
seriously contended two years later. West Virginia is an historically proud and
successful program that has jumped aboard."When you look at the entirety of the
conference, not just the top, not just the bottom, but the entirety of it, I
think that's our argument at the present day, and always has been for being as
good as any conference in the country," said K-State coach Bill Snyder. "Maybe
it's our depth."Well, no one is endorsing that argument. But depth, parity,
whatever you want to call it, certainly reigns in the Big 12. No surprise,
really, considering the investment schools have made.Can any conference boast
three new stadiums like McLane in Waco, Boone Pickens in Stillwater and Amon
Carter in Fort Worth? Baylor's from-scratch palace, hard by the Brazos River, is
a jewel. OSU's and TCU's total renovations are just as glittering.Plus, Texas
Tech, OU, Texas, West Virginia and Kansas State have made extreme makeovers, and
Iowa State is in the process. This is not a conference that has tried to cheap
its way to success."With the distribution and evening of money, there's a lot
more money," said OU coach Bob Stoops. "You notice lots of people building
stadiums that wouldn't have. There's more parity because everybody now has
facilities, everybody has players."But parity has its pitfalls. As recently as
2008, the Big 12 had three teams ranked in the top five in mid-November. But
parity was mounting a charge. In 2010, five Big 12 teams finished 6-2 in the
league. OSU's national title bid in 2011 and K-State's a year later both were
derailed by road losses to teams that finished with losing conference records.
Parity also helps keep OU and Texas from its traditional perch atop the
league.This is not a sport that rewards deep, competitive conferences. However,
parity does mean that more schools have a chance at scaling the mountain."It can
hurt with the new playoff system," said OSU coach Mike Gundy. "But overall, it
helps because we need a number of good teams in this league to compete each
year, in order for the national audience to want to watch the Big 12. Certainly
makes good for the fans and television, with parity."Big 12 schools individually
are strong. Look at it this way. At least four schools currently employ the most
successful coach in their history - Gundy, Snyder, Baylor's Art Briles (with
apologies to Grant Teaff) and TCU's Gary Patterson - and all remain on top of
their games. Bob Stoops has the most coaching victories in OU history and had
the Sooners ranked No. 4 in the nation less than 10 months ago.But collectively,
Big 12 football is slipping in stature. Getting into the four-team playoff in
2015 is a must. Winning would be even better."We don't want to just be in the
playoff," Bowlsby said. "I think our league has always been about aspiring to
win national championships."It certainly was 10 years ago, when Vince Young
stood in all that confetti and the Big 12 stood atop the sport. That was then.
Now, the Big 12 is just looking for a little respect and finding it hard to come
by.Berry Tramel: Berry can be reached at (405) 760-8080 or at
btramel@oklahoman.com He can be heard Monday through Friday from 4:40-5:20 p.m.
on The Sports Animal radio network, including FM-98.1. You can also view his
personality page at newsok.com/berrytramel.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                                 June 10, 2002

Florida Supreme Court Says Insured Can't Recover For 'Diminished Value' Of
Damaged Car

BYLINE: Lawyers USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 313  words


A motorist whose car was damaged in an accident can't recover from the auto
insurance company for the vehicle's inherent "diminished value," the Florida
Supreme Court has ruled.

In the Florida case, a policyholder claimed that her insurer breached its
contract by not compensating her for the diminished value of her vehicle.

The policy provided that the "limit of [the insurer's] liability for loss shall
not exceed the lesser of...the actual cash value of thedamaged property, [or]
the amount necessary to repair or replace the property with other of the like
kind or quality. "

The court found that this didn't include coverage for lost value.

"The insurer could reimburse the insured through money payment, or it could pay
to repair or replace the automobile. If, as here, the repair option was chosen,
the insurer's liability was limited to the monetary amount necessary to repair
the car's function and appearance, commensurate with the condition of the auto
prior to the loss. Proper interpretation of the policy language at hand requires
that we deem diminished value a loss not covered by this policy...

"If we accepted the [insured's] arguments, even where the insurer chose to
repair an insured vehicle, thereby limiting its liability to the cost of repair
or replacement, it would be bound to also pay a portion of the car's cash value
- a strained, forced, and unrealistic construction in violation of long-standing
contractual interpretation principles," the court said.

It cited similar decisions from Arizona, California, Delaware, Kentucky,
Louisiana, Massachusetts, Missouri, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Dakota, Texas and
Virginia, while noting holdings to the opposite from Arkansas, Georgia, Kansas,
New York, Oregon and South Carolina.

Florida Supreme Court. Siegle v. Progressive Consumers Insurance Co. (Lawyers
Weekly USA No. 9923330) No. SC01-1219. May 23, 2002.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2002 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            November 4, 2008 Tuesday

Purdy: Better mail than jail

BYLINE: By Mark Purdy Mercury News Columnist

SECTION: SPORTS; Columnists; News; Columnists

LENGTH: 504 words


IF YOU take a big step back, Eddie DeBartolo is the one to blame for the 49ers'
current problems. It might be interesting to see your take on what the team, the
stadium and the surrounding area would be like today if Eddie D hadn't blown it
with his legal problems in Louisiana.

G. Attanasio, San Jose

It's a fascinating, melancholy thought. Bottom line: For 10 years, DeBartolo and
Bill Walsh were so great at assembling football teams, they spoiled 49ers fans
forever.

WITH THE 49ers' diminished performance, the diminished fan interest in them and
the obviously diminished value of the team, I suggest that they are "on sale"
and should now be called the San Francisco 39ers.

Frank Massa, Palo Alto

Or, after Mike Singletary's halftime talk, maybe they should just be half off.

CAN YOU please stop the Raider bashing?

Bob Davis, San Jose

No.

I'VE GOT the perfect plan. The Chiefs can fire Herm Edwards, with Lane Kiffin
taking his place. Then you would have three ex-Raider coaches in the AFC West
kicking the Raiders' butts.

William Hewins, Fremont

You don't think the Chiefs should hire Joe Bugel?

YOUR PREMISE that San Jose State football can never be at the same level as
Boise State or Fresno State because they have no competition in their local
market area is ridiculous. The Bay Area has a population of close to 7 million.
Fresno County has 840,000, and the entire state of Idaho has only 1.45 million.
In the Bay Area, that works out to 2.3 million per Bowl Subdivision team,
including Cal and Stanford.

Chris Daniel, Carmel

Your math is good. Your logic isn't. Population has nothing to do with it. This
is about getting attention and getting sponsors. A market is never carved up
equally. And if 90 percent of the sponsors choose to sponsor NFL teams instead
of college teams, the pie is a lot smaller. That's the problem for all three
local schools.

I WAS watching a cable news broadcast the week of Halloween and was wondering
why Joe the Plumber was wearing a Drew Remenda mask.

Jim McCandless, Los Gatos

Good call. But maybe it was because Joe couldn't find a Jamie Baker mask.

ENOUGH IS enough. Stop using "our beloved Los Tiburones" to describe the Sharks.
It ceased being cute two years ago. From the blogs I read, most Sharks fans are
sick of it and have quit reading your articles. That's probably 50,000 readers
you've lost.

Don Wilcox, San Jose

But ...

I JUST finished reading your column on Patrick Marleau and must say I am
extremely disappointed. As I reached the conclusion, I was simply appalled that
I had not read the phrase "our beloved Los Tiburones" somewhere within its
content. I will not stand for continued disregard of this now household
terminology.

Brad Fowler, Mountain View

But...

I AM so tired of your negative attitude.

Doug Cheeseman, Saratoga

But...

THANK YOU so much for having a sense of humor, or "humour," as we would say
north of the border.

George Evans, Hamilton, Canada

You're welcome. Or as we say south of the border, "Righteous, dude."

Contact Mark Purdy at mpurdy@mercurynews.com or (408) 920-5092.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             July 25, 2015 Saturday

Tramel: Diminished Big 12 scrambles to regain its status

BYLINE: By BERRY TRAMEL

SECTION:

LENGTH: 1141 words


Ten years ago, the college football season ended with Mighty Vince Young
standing on the Rose Bowl floor showered by confetti and Mack Brown holding
aloft the crystal trophy. Not only the Texas Longhorns ruled the sport, so did
the Big 12 Conference.With Texas' stirring 41-38 victory over Southern Cal - the
Longhorns scored 38 points in the final 35 minutes that night - the Big 12 had
won three of the most recent nine national titles, each by a different school.
Nebraska, OU and Texas. The Big 12 had a team in six of those nine national
title games.No other conference could match the Big 12's accomplishments. In
those nine years, the SEC had won two titles (Tennessee 1998, LSU 2003) and
played for no others.

The ACC (1999 Florida State), Big Ten (2002 Ohio State), Pac-10 (2004 Southern
Cal) and Big East (2001 Miami) each had won one national championship.Fast
forward a decade. There is little debate for conference bragging rights. The SEC
reigns. The Big 12 is squishy. Take your pick of the precise description. Weak.
Vulnerable. Unstable. Diminished.That's the word. Diminished. Smaller in size,
reduced by defections from 12 to 10 members. Smaller in stage, reduced by no
championship game that suddenly matters more than ever now that college football
has a four-team playoff. Smaller in stature, now that the Big 12 plays a
nine-game conference schedule that scares off some of its better programs from
playing legitimate non-league games that could build Big 12 prestige.And while
pundits debate Big 12 expansion or adding a peculiar title game without
divisions, and while coaches absurdly declare that Big 12 football is as good as
ever, at least one voice that matters is talking plain. Plain and hard."What do
we have to do?" asked commissioner Bob Bowlsby. "We have to get better. We have
to win big games when we have them before us, and we have to demonstrate by
competition in the postseason that our conference has led us to be highly
competitive at the end of the season."What do we have to do? We have to recruit
better. We have to develop better. We have to play better. We have to win the
big games when we have a chance to win the big games."The Big 12 this season
needs OU to win at Tennessee and Texas to win at Notre Dame. The Big 12 needs
Baylor and OSU and Kansas State to schedule better, so all the pressure of
conference prestige doesn't sit on the shoulders of the traditional powers. The
Big 12 needs its teams to play better in bowl games, unlike the putrid 2-5
performance of last postseason, which included blowout losses by the Sooners and
Longhorns.New members might (or might not) solidify the conference. A new title
game might help with the political process of post-season selection. But neither
is going to make any Big 12 team grow fangs short-term. Neither is going to make
any Big 12 team, in the words of expatriate Brent Venables, a bowling ball of
butcher knives."We need to be in a constant improvement mode," Bowlsby said
Monday during Big 12 Media Days. "We need to play better, and we need to do what
we can to get better in every single way."The Big 12 finds itself in a
conundrum. At the same time its status with other leagues never has been lower,
it's never been more difficult to win within the conference. Parity has come to
the Big 12 and spread like Johnsongrass.Once-hopeless Baylor and TCU were the
two best teams in the Big 12 last season and are projected to be the same in
2015. OSU and K-State won league titles in 2011 and 2012, respectively, and each
seriously contended two years later. West Virginia is an historically proud and
successful program that has jumped aboard."When you look at the entirety of the
conference, not just the top, not just the bottom, but the entirety of it, I
think that's our argument at the present day, and always has been for being as
good as any conference in the country," said K-State coach Bill Snyder. "Maybe
it's our depth."Well, no one is endorsing that argument. But depth, parity,
whatever you want to call it, certainly reigns in the Big 12. No surprise,
really, considering the investment schools have made.Can any conference boast
three new stadiums like McLane in Waco, Boone Pickens in Stillwater and Amon
Carter in Fort Worth? Baylor's from-scratch palace, hard by the Brazos River, is
a jewel. OSU's and TCU's total renovations are just as glittering.Plus, Texas
Tech, OU, Texas, West Virginia and Kansas State have made extreme makeovers, and
Iowa State is in the process. This is not a conference that has tried to cheap
its way to success."With the distribution and evening of money, there's a lot
more money," said OU coach Bob Stoops. "You notice lots of people building
stadiums that wouldn't have. There's more parity because everybody now has
facilities, everybody has players."But parity has its pitfalls. As recently as
2008, the Big 12 had three teams ranked in the top five in mid-November. But
parity was mounting a charge. In 2010, five Big 12 teams finished 6-2 in the
league. OSU's national title bid in 2011 and K-State's a year later both were
derailed by road losses to teams that finished with losing conference records.
Parity also helps keep OU and Texas from its traditional perch atop the
league.This is not a sport that rewards deep, competitive conferences. However,
parity does mean that more schools have a chance at scaling the mountain."It can
hurt with the new playoff system," said OSU coach Mike Gundy. "But overall, it
helps because we need a number of good teams in this league to compete each
year, in order for the national audience to want to watch the Big 12. Certainly
makes good for the fans and television, with parity."Big 12 schools individually
are strong. Look at it this way. At least four schools currently employ the most
successful coach in their history - Gundy, Snyder, Baylor's Art Briles (with
apologies to Grant Teaff) and TCU's Gary Patterson - and all remain on top of
their games. Bob Stoops has the most coaching victories in OU history and had
the Sooners ranked No. 4 in the nation less than 10 months ago.But collectively,
Big 12 football is slipping in stature. Getting into the four-team playoff in
2015 is a must. Winning would be even better."We don't want to just be in the
playoff," Bowlsby said. "I think our league has always been about aspiring to
win national championships."It certainly was 10 years ago, when Vince Young
stood in all that confetti and the Big 12 stood atop the sport. That was then.
Now, the Big 12 is just looking for a little respect and finding it hard to come
by.Berry Tramel: Berry can be reached at (405) 760-8080 or at
btramel@oklahoman.com He can be heard Monday through Friday from 4:40-5:20 p.m.
on The Sports Animal radio network, including FM-98.1. You can also view his
personality page at newsok.com/berrytramel.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                     The Minnesota Lawyer (Minneapolis, MN)

                             October 3, 2005 Monday

Commentary: Dealing with a client with diminished capacity

BYLINE: Craig D. Klausing

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 977 words


The client establishes the objectives of the representation while the lawyer
generally has control over the means by which those objectives are pursued.
Rule 1.2 of the Minnesota Rules of Professional Conduct (MRPC) recognizes that
reality, providing that "a lawyer shall abide by a client's decisions concerning
the objectives of representation" and that the lawyer "shall consult with the
client as to the means by which [the objectives] are to be pursued."

What happens to the lawyer-client relationship when the client's ability to make
informed decisions regarding the representation is impaired? How does the lawyer
distinguish client impairment from a poor decision that while flawed, needs to
be respected? Finally, if the client is impaired, what remedial actions are
available to the lawyer?

Little help

Rule 1.14 provides the lawyer with guidelines to address those questions. Until
its recent amendment (effective Oct. 1), the rule was entitled "Client Under a
Disability" and provided that when a client's ability to make adequately
considered decisions in connection with the representation was impaired, "the
lawyer shall, as far as reasonably possible, maintain a normal client-lawyer
relationship with the client."

If the lawyer reasonably believed that the client could not act in the client's
own interest, then "the lawyer may seek the appointment of a guardian or take
other protective action with respect to a client." The rule and the accompanying
comment provided little specific guidance, however, to the lawyer attempting to
determine when a client was under a disability or what protective action the
lawyer could undertake.

Take for example a client who has struggled with serious depression throughout
the course of a dissolution proceeding. Suddenly the client announces that the
lawyer should drop the client's clearly meritorious (and clearly needed) claim
for maintenance. More ominously, the client questions whether life is really
worth living and perhaps everyone would be better off if the client were dead.
Did the instruction to drop the maintenance claim represent an instruction
regarding the objectives of the representation with which the lawyer had a
professional obligation to comply? Could the lawyer seek assistance for the
client to prevent a possible suicide without violating the professional
obligation not to reveal client confidences or secrets?

Before its recent amendment, Rule 1.14 and the accompanying comment provided
little assistance to resolve those questions.

Lots of help

The amended Rule 1.14, now entitled "Client With Diminished Capacity," offers
significantly more guidance to the lawyer. The amended rule more fully explains
the circumstances under which the lawyer may take reasonable protective action.
Such actions may be taken when the lawyer reasonably believes the client "has
diminished capacity, is at risk of substantial physical, financial, or other
harm unless action is taken" and the client "cannot act in the client's own
interest."

New language in the unofficial comment to Rule 1.14 also offers guidance in
assessing diminished capacity. "In determining the extent of the client's
diminished capacity, the lawyer should consider and balance such factors as:
the client's ability to articulate reasoning leading to a decision, variability
of state of mind and ability to appreciate consequences of a decision, the
substantive fairness of a decision, and the consistency of a decision with the
known long-term commitments and values of the client."

In the example above, the lawyer might ask the client to explain the reasons for
the decision to drop the claim for maintenance and whether the client
understands the ramifications of such a decision. The extent to which the client
can articulate reasons for the decision, or express an appreciation for
consequences of the decision, will assist the lawyer in determining the extent
of any diminished capacity.

In addition to providing assistance in evaluating the extent of the client's
diminished capacity, the rule modifications offer greater guidance to the lawyer
regarding what remedial actions may be undertaken.

New language to the rule provides that based on a reasonable belief of
diminished capacity resulting in substantial risk to the client, the lawyer may
take reasonable protective actions including "consulting individuals or entities
that have the ability to take action to protect the client and, in appropriate
cases, seeking the appointment of a guardian ad litem, conservator, or
guardian."

This provides more direction than the earlier version of the rule, which simply
provided that the lawyer could seek the appointment of a guardian "or take other
protective action." New language in the comment to the rule identifies further
protective measures the lawyer may take. They include "consulting with family
members, using a reconsideration period to permit clarification or improvement
of circumstances, using voluntary surrogate decisionmaking tools, such as
durable powers of attorney or consulting with support groups, professional
services, adult-protective agencies, or other individuals or entities that have
the ability to protect the client."

Dealing with a client with diminished capacity presents the lawyer with a
difficult task of balancing the client's right to direct the client's own case
and the lawyer's obligation to act in the client's best interest. While never
easy to do, the newly amended Rule 1.14 and accompanying comment provide the
lawyer with significant guidance in achieving that balance.

Craig D. Klausing is a Senior Assistant Director for the Minnesota Office of
Lawyers Professional Responsibility. The office is located at 1500 Landmark
Towers, 345 St. Peter Street, St. Paul, MN 55102-1218; telephone (651) 296-3952.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Opinion

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 31, 2015 Saturday

USPTO Published Patent application of Cisco Technology, Inc., a corporation of
California titled as "Protecting Packet Traffic in a Network Including an
Adaptive Bandwidth Link"

LENGTH: 280  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20150029948, published on January 29, 2015, by Cisco Technology, Inc., a
corporation of California, titled as "Protecting Packet Traffic in a Network
Including an Adaptive Bandwidth Link" for the registration of patent.

Inventors:   Jayaraman; Kannan; (Bangalore, IN) ; Salam; Samer; (Vancouver, CA)
; Bhandari; Shwetha Subray; (Bangalore, IN) ; Liste; Jose A.; (Sunnyvale, CA)

Assignee:   Cisco Technology, Inc., a corporation of California
San Jose
CA

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "In
one embodiment, a packet switching device receives a notification that a link
has a diminished packet transport capacity. In response, the packet switching
devices changes forwarding information for a portion of the packet traffic being
sent over the diminished packet transport capacity link to traverse one or more
reroute paths not including the diminished link, while some packet traffic
continues to use the diminished packet transport capacity link. This
notification can be received directly from a communications device, or via a
routing protocol such as for a remote link that sent packet traffic may
traverse. These rerouted paths may be precomputed and installed in forwarding
data structures for fast rerouting, or computed and installed in response to
receiving the notification. In one embodiment, quality of service (QoS) is
adjusted in response to receiving the notification."

The Patent was filed on September 17, 2013 under application No. 20150029948

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Missouri Lawyers Weekly

                                 April 26, 2004

Mo. Court of Appeals Southern District Case Summaries: April 26, 2004

BYLINE: Missouri Lawyers Weekly Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 222  words


Criminal Law

Rebuttal Witness - Disclosure - Diminished Capacity

Where a murder defendant disclosed prior to trial that he would rely on the
defense of diminished capacity, diminished capacity is a separate defense from
mental disease or defect and the state was not required to disclose a rebuttal
witness on the issue of diminished capacity

Judgment is affirmed.

State v. Jones (MLW No. 39974) (22 pages) (Barney, P.J.) Appealed from circuit
court, Lawrence County, Darnold, J. (Kent Denzel, Columbia, Mo., for appellant)
(Jeremiah W. (Jay) Nixon and Breck K. Burgess, Jefferson City, Mo., for
respondent).

Workers' Compensation

Work- Related Injury - Heart Attack - Pre-Existing Disease

Even though a 63-year-old construction worker had pre-existing heart disease,
the worker's heart attack arose out of the course of his employment due to his
performance of a double workload of physical labor on a hot day, but the
Commission acted in excess of its powers when it awarded permanent total
disability after a hardship hearing to determine temporary benefits.

Judgment is affirmed in part; reversed and remanded in part with directions.

Aldridge v. Southern Missouri Gas Co. (MLW No. 39975) (14 pages) (Prewitt, J.)
Appealed from the Labor and Industrial Relations Commission (Kevin Hays Dunaway
for appellant) (Ellen E. Morgan for respondent).

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                               September 26, 2005

S. Dakota Supreme Court rules insured cannot recover 'diminished value' of
wrecked auto

BYLINE: Lawyers Weekly USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 347  words


An automobile insurer was not required to pay for the diminished market value of
a wrecked automobile in addition to paying for the cost of repair, the South
Dakota Supreme Court has ruled in reversing a trial judge.

The insureds' 2001 Audi Quattro was damaged in a single-vehicle accident. Their
insurer tendered the full cost of repair - $13,000 - minus the deductible. The
insureds sued for breach of contract and bad faith after the insurer refused to
pay for the vehicle's diminished market value post-accident.

The insurer argued that the terms of the policy did not obligate it to pay for
diminished value. The limitation of liability provision stated that the insurer
was liable for the "lesser of" the actual cash value of the damaged property or
the "[a]mount necessary to repair or replace the property with other property of
like kind and quality. "

The court concluded that this policy language unambiguously limited the
insurer's liability to the cost of repair.

"This court concluded long ago that unless the property cannot be repaired, an
insurer's contractual liability is limited to the cost of repairs. This court
was also unequivocal in stating that the two measures of damage (lost value or
repair) are alternatives and the insurer is only obligated to pay the lesser of
the two. Furthermore, our cases have avoided the use of the word value when
talking about the repair alternative. On the contrary, we have noted that repair
contemplates restoration of the condition of the property. Finally, in
discussing restoration of the condition of the property, this court has rejected
the notion that the repair option requires restoration to the same condition.
Rather ... the repair limitation applies when the vehicle can be restored to
'substantially the same condition,'" the court said.

It noted similar decisions from Florida, Louisiana, Maine and Massachusetts, as
well as a contrary ruling from the Tennessee Supreme Court.

Culhane v. Western National Mutual Insurance Co. (Lawyers Weekly USA No.
9931622) South Dakota Supreme Court No. 2005 SD 97. Sept. 7, 2005.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             July 13, 2010 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Despite a Diminished Field, Sluggers Swing for the Seats

BYLINE: By BILLY WITZ

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Sports Desk; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 909 words


ANAHEIM, Calif. -- David Ortiz delivered his big bat and booming personality to
the Home Run Derby on Monday night. But when a diminished slugger can conquer a
diminished field -- as Ortiz did, defeating Hanley Ramirez in the final round --
it may be time to wonder whether the derby, with home runs declining and many of
baseball's most prominent sluggers giving it a pass, has lost some of its juice.

Television ratings for one of the staples of the All-Star events remain strong
-- more than eight million viewers tuned in last year -- as does local interest.
A near-capacity crowd once again turned out for the derby, which is the star of
the Monday night festivities that precede Tuesday's game.

Neither the derby's start time, 5 p.m. Pacific, nor the ticket prices, starting
at $120 for a seat in the far reaches of the upper deck, could hold down the
size of the crowd.

But some of those who were entering Angel Stadium on Monday afternoon were not
pleased that after paying several hundred dollars apiece for tickets, they would
not be watching Albert Pujols, Ryan Howard, Prince Fielder or even Jose
Bautista, this year's major league home run leader, take part in the derby.

Instead, the lineup included Arizona's Chris Young, Milwaukee's Corey Hart and
the Yankees' Nick Swisher, none of them prominent sluggers.

''Swisher's going to represent, but really?'' asked Bryson Miller, a 13-year-old
Yankees fan wearing a T-shirt of his preferred player, Robinson Cano. ''You come
out to see the big names.''

Even more disappointed was Miller's mother, Maria, who took the day off from
work and spent $650 for two tickets.

''It's ridiculous,'' she said of the price she paid. ''But it's a
once-in-a-lifetime thing.''

That is one way to describe the derby, which became part of the All-Star events
a quarter-century ago but took off in popularity when ESPN began televising it
live in 1998, the year Mark McGwire and Sammy Sosa staged their successful
assault on Roger Maris's single-season home run record of 61. Now that season is
remembered as the symbol of baseball's steroids era.

The derby drew 9,176,000 viewers that year, a number it has not reached since,
though it did come close two years ago at the old Yankee Stadium, which was in
its final season.

Home run numbers, huge in seasons past, have been diminishing in recent seasons
as steroid testing has taken hold. No player has reached the 50-homer mark the
last two seasons, and it is quite possible that no one will in 2010, a season
that has been dominated by pitchers. Bautista's 24 home runs lead baseball,
making this the first season since 1995 that no player has had at least 25 at
the break.

In recent years, the N.B.A.'s slam dunk contest seems to have lost some of its
allure, in part because the game's biggest names bypass the event. More and more
that contest has had to rely on offbeat ideas to generate buzz; the actual power
and strength of the dunk has become passe.

The derby does not seem to face that problem. A soaring home run is still a
soaring home run.

''There's always going to be a fascination with the home run,'' said Chris
Berman, the ESPN broadcaster who served as master of ceremonies for the event.
''Whether it's Mark McGwire bombing the Massachusetts Turnpike at Fenway, Sammy
Sosa hitting the heating unit on top of Atlanta, Josh Hamilton at Yankee Stadium
-- we still remember the longest ones.''

In trying to explain the continuing appeal of the derby, San Diego Padres
Manager Bud Black said: ''The home run is synonymous with America. When you
first start playing baseball, the home run is something every kid aspires to
hit.''

As for the absence of  top sluggers, Black said: ''I think everybody would like
to see certain names in there, but I think every year there's a collection of
guys that put on a good show. Once they're here, the people like it.''

But they may like it better if more of the big names participated.
Philadelphia's Ryan Howard, who won the event in 2006, said he was sitting out
this year because he simply wanted to rest.

''I know the fans want to see you,'' Howard said, ''but it's all about how you
feel. You should be entitled to say, 'Not this year.'''

Howard surely enjoyed a few laughs from Ortiz, who seemed to relish being a
participant. He laughed with his American League teammates, exclaimed ''wow''
after long home runs, and came to home plate to towel off Ramirez during the
final round, which Ortiz won, 11-5.

One of the concerns of the derby is whether hitters can create trouble for
themselves, whether too many swings for the fences on national television can
leave them out of sync. Exhibit No. 1 tends to be Bobby Abreu, who hit 18 homers
for the Phillies in the first half of 2005, won the Home Run Derby, then hit six
homers the rest of the season.

Charlie Manuel, the Phillies' manager then and now, did acknowledge that a
natural line-drive hitter might pick up bad habits trying to win the derby. But
he made it clear that he thought too much was being made of the issue.

So did Ortiz, although he said he could understand why someone like Cano had
been pulled from the derby by the Yankees.

''I was talking to my boy, Cano, last night,'' Ortiz said. ''He has that kind of
line-drive swing, not that upper-cut swing that normally a power hitter has.''

So while Cano watched, Ortiz swung mightily, speaking up for the home run in the
year of the pitcher.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Andy Pettitte and his sons patrolled the outfield of Angel
Stadium during All-Star Game practice. Pettitte's teammate Nick Swisher played
in the Home Run Derby. (PHOTOGRAPH BY DANNY MOLOSHOK/REUTERS)
 Hanley Ramirez finished second in the Home Run Derby to David Ortiz in an 11-5
final round. (PHOTOGRAPH BY ALEX GALLARDO/REUTERS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                              21 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                            December 30, 2011 Friday

Washington Supreme Court rules automobile policy covers diminished value

BYLINE: Pat Murphy

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 198  words


An automobile insurance policy provided coverage for the diminished value of a
post-accident, repaired car, the Washington Supreme Court has ruled in affirming
judgment.

The plaintiff's Honda Civic was damaged in a collision. The plaintiff's
automobile insurer, Farmers Insurance, paid for the cost of repairs, less the
plaintiff's $500 deductible.

The plaintiff filed a class action against Farmers for breach of contract,
alleging that the insurer was obligated under the terms of its policy to cover
the diminished value of his repaired vehicle.

The court agreed that the Farmers policy provided coverage for diminished value
after a car is repaired.

"Because the average insurance consumer would read Farmers' policy to provide
coverage of equal value when a car is repaired, replaced, or 'totaled,' the
coverage provision encompasses diminished value loss, and the limits of
liability and payment of loss provisions do not unambiguously exclude it," the
court said.

It noted that this was the minority view.

Washington Supreme Court. Moeller v. Farmers Insurance Co. of Washington, No.
84500-0. Dec. 22, 2011. Lawyers USA Nos. 993-3452 (majority), 993-3453 (dissent)
and 993-3454 (dissent).

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                              May 20, 2013 Monday

U.S. Supreme Court won't let Michigan defendant reargue diminished capacity

BYLINE: Pat Murphy

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 725  words


The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled that a Michigan murder defendant's due process
rights were not violated when a change in state law following his 1994
conviction prevented him from reasserting a diminished-capacity defense when he
later won a new trial.

"This Court has never found a due process violation in circumstances remotely
resembling [Burt] Lancaster's case -- i.e., where a state supreme court,
squarely addressing a par­ticular issue for the first time, rejected a
consistent line of lower court decisions based on the supreme court's
rea­sonable interpretation of the language of a controlling statute," wrote
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg for a unanimous court in Metrish v. Lancaster.

Lake Orion, Mich., attorney Kenneth M. Mogill, a partner at Mogill, Posner &
Cohen, represented Lancaster, the defendant in the case. According to Mogill,
the decision highlighted the fundamental unfairness facing criminal defendants
seeking habeas relief under the Antiter­rorism and Effective Death Penalty Act
of 1996 (AEDPA).

"The problem is the AEDPA, not the Supreme Court," Mogill said.

The May 20 ruling from the court reversed a 2012 decision from the 6th U.S.
Circuit Court of Appeals granting habeas relief to Lancaster.

Lancaster, a former Detroit police officer, was charged with first-degree murder
after he shot and killed his girlfriend in a Southfield, Mich., shopping center
parking lot in 1993. He had a long history of mental illness, and presented a
diminished-capacity defense at his 1994 trial in Michigan state court. The jury
was not persuaded by his defense and he was convicted. A federal court later
granted habeas relief after finding a constitutional error in jury selection.

At his retrial in 2005, Lancaster again raised the diminished-capacity defense.
But in between the two trials, the Michigan Supreme Court abolished the defense
in People v. Carpenter (627 N.W.2d 276). The judge presiding at Lan­caster's
second trial applied the holding in Carpenter and disallowed renewal of
Lancaster's diminished-capacity defense. Following a bench trial, Lancaster was
again convicted and sentenced to life in prison.

After exhausting his state court remedies Lancaster sought habeas relief in
federal court, arguing that the state trial court retroactively applied a
substantive change in state law in violation of the Due Process Clause.

The district court denied his petition. Because the defense had never been
codified by the Michigan legislature or formally adopted by the state's highest
court, it was not a well-established law that could be the basis of a due
process violation, the court ruled.

But the 6th Circuit reversed, holding that the diminished-capacity defense was
well established in Michigan and therefore the retroactive application of
Carpenter was unconstitutional.

In its appeal before the U.S. Supreme Court, the state of Michigan argued that
Lancaster failed to show his entitlement to habeas relief under the AEDPA. Under
that standard, habeas relief is appropriate only if the underlying state-court
decision "was contrary to, or involved an unreasonable application of, clearly
established Federal law. "

Ginsburg concluded that Lancaster failed to meet the AEDPA's demanding standard
for habeas relief when he argued that it violated due process to retroactively
apply the Michigan Supreme Court's decision in Carpenter to his 1993 murder
charge.

"Fairminded jurists could conclude that a state supreme court decision of that
order is not 'unexpected and indefensible by reference to [existing] law,'"
Ginsburg wrote.

Despite the court's decision, Mogill maintains that his client's well-
documented mental health problems prevented him from forming the necessary
specific intent to commit first-degree murder.

Mogill urged Congress to take action on the issue.

"The court's decision today underscores the unfairness of AEDPA," he said. "If
my client isn't worthy of habeas relief, then the threshold under which the
court is required to operate is too high to allow a meaningful interpretation of
the Due Process Clause. "

Michigan Solicitor General John J. Bursch, who argued the case for the state,
did not return a call requesting comment before deadline.

<a href="http://www.lawyersusaonline.com/be-the-first-to-know/">Click here for
more from this resource. </a>

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              July 4, 2008 Friday

MEMORABLE STARS IN TALE OF FORGETFULNESS

BYLINE: KYLE SMITH

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 314 words


DIMINISHED CAPACITY

[***] (Three stars)

Wriggly Feel.

Running time: 92 minutes. Not Rated (adult situations). At the Sunshine and the
62nd and Broadway.

THE smart indie comedy "Diminished Capacity" deals with three kinds of dementia:
those relating to aging, concussions and being a Chicago Cubs fan.

Tying those three things together is a task that the witty script does with
surprising adroitness. Matthew Broderick plays a memory-challenged Chicago
journalist (he's an editor of comic strips, one of many specific, novelistic
touches that elevate the movie above most half-conceived indie dreck) who goes
to Missouri to help take care of his forgetful and dangerously addled uncle
(Alan Alda).

Uncle Rollie's hobby is fish poetry: His finny friends snap at bait hooks that
are in turn wired to typewriter keys. Reading what the fish have to "say" is a
pastime that sounds about as interesting as anything you could hope to do in
Missouri.

Rollie has a baseball card of immense value - one of the 1908 Cubs, the last
edition of that team to win the World Series, presumably forever - and the
enmity of an alcoholic stalker who wants the card, at gunpoint if necessary.

Despite the two leads' inability to remember what they were just told, each is
motivated by lurking memories. The Broderick character, Cooper - whose brain was
rattled in a surprising act of chivalry that led to a fight - learns that his ex
(Virginia Madsen) is newly single, and immediately jots down this information.
Thanks to his memory loss, he's hesitant about making any sudden moves with
anyone.

Alda's Hawkeye Pierce charm gives way to something snappish and cagey, while
Broderick's fussy stiffness is perfect. Their characters are two small people in
a tiny story, but director Terry Kinney and screenwriter Sherwood Kiraly, who
adapted his own novel, make sure things are cozy rather than cramped.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Matthew Broderick has memory trouble in "Diminished Capacity."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                              May 24, 2004 Monday

Motorists may get 'diminished value' after accident, rules Indiana Court of
Appeals

BYLINE: Correy E. Stephenson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1943  words


A motorist whose car was damaged in an accident could recover for the vehicle's
inherent "diminished value" from the auto insurance company, the Indiana Court
of Appeals has ruled.

But one day later, a jury in Belleville, Ill. returned a defense verdict against
387,000 plaintiffs also seeking diminished value.

Margo Weinstein, a Chicago attorney who represented Allstate in the Illinois
class action, said that her client was "vindicated" by the verdict, and called
the Indiana decision an "anomaly. "

According to Weinstein, the "overwhelming majority" of courts have not allowed
recovery.

"The trend is absolutely to defeat the diminution in value cases," she said.

But Irwin B. Levin, an Indianapolis attorney who represented the plaintiff in
the Indiana case, disagreed. Arguing that many courts that have ruled against
insureds have not evaluated the issue, but just followed the majority rule, he
praised the Indiana ruling for "looking at the issue with fresh eyes. "

University of Nevada Law School Insurance Law Professor Jeffrey W. Stempel said
that courts were evenly divided over the issue in the 1920s and 1930s, but that
more recently insurers were consistently winning these cases until the Georgia
Supreme Court allowed recovery a few years ago.

Although insureds should be encouraged by the victory in Indiana, the jury
verdict in Illinois should not have them "popping champagne corks" just yet, he
said.

"Insureds need to win a few more supreme court [cases] before they can feel more
confident. After the Georgia case, the plaintiffs had the momentum, but it seems
to have shifted back to the carriers now," he said.

Damaged Grand Am

The plaintiff in the Indiana case, Christina Allgood, insured her 1999 Pontiac
Grand Am with Meridian Security Insurance Co. Her policy covered damage to her
automobile with a limit of liability for "the lesser of the: actual cash value
of the stolen or damaged property; or [the] amount necessary to repair or
replace the property with other property of like kind and quality. "

After the car was damaged in an accident, the defendant paid the cost of
repairs, but did not pay for any diminution in value.

The plaintiff filed a class action, seeking damages as well as a declaration
that diminution in value was covered under her policy.

A trial court granted the defendant's motion to dismiss, but the Court of
Appeals reversed.

The court, relying on a 2001 Georgia Supreme Court decision allowing recovery
for diminution in value, stated that "value, not condition, is the baseline for
the measure of damages in a claim under an automobile insurance policy.

"We agree with those jurisdictions which have held the insurer responsible under
similar policies for restoring value as well as condition to the insured. The
limit of liability provision allowing the insurer to 'repair or replace with
like kind and quality' could reasonably mean, as [the defendant] posits, to
restore to the insured a vehicle in a similar condition in appearance and
function. However, it could also reasonably mean, as [the plaintiff] urges, to
restore to the insured a vehicle similar in appearance, function and value," the
court said.

The court said that the phrase "like kind and quality" included some inherent
concept of value, so that if an automobile's value had diminished after an
accident, repair alone would not be adequate.

"T]he fact remains that a vehicle that has been involved in a collision is
considered to have less value than a vehicle identical in all respects except
that it has not been involved in such a collision. In undertaking to compensate
[the plaintiff] for 'direct and accidental' loss to her vehicle through one of
several options, [the defendant] is primarily obligated to restore to [her] what
she has lost. That may require not only repair of the vehicle or replacement of
its parts but also compensation for the diminution in value. It will, of course,
be up to the insured to prove the value of the vehicle immediately prior to the
collision as opposed to the value following repair," the court said.

Illinois Class Action

On April 29, in stark contrast, a federal jury in Illinois handed Allstate
Insurance Co. a victory when it determined that approximately 387,000 plaintiffs
were not entitled to recover for the diminution in value of their repaired cars.

The lead plaintiffs, Michael and Tiffany Sims, were paid $1,471 for repairs
after their 1994 Toyota pickup was damaged in an accident, but then sought to
recover for the diminished value.

The case was certified as a multi-state class action, with Allstate
policyholders from 29 states and Washington, D.C.

H. Sinclair "Rod" Kerr Jr. of San Francisco, who represented the insurer along
with Weinstein, argued that the policy language was clear and that the company's
interpretation of that language had been consistent since 1942.

Weinstein took the position that the case was really a product of plaintiffs'
lawyers legal wrangling.

"If you ask the average person, who is not a fan of insurance companies, if they
expect to get their car fixed correctly and then get a check in the mail because
it's worth less, nobody would say the latter," she said.

She noted that one of the plaintiffs actually admitted on the stand that she did
not expect to get the diminished value of the car, and testified that she and
her husband joined the class action only after her grandmother saw an ad in the
paper.

"Either a contract is clear on its face or [it's] ambiguous, and if it's
ambiguous, you look to what the parties intended," Weinstein said. "And [the
plaintiff] never thought she was entitled to the diminished value of her car
until she talked to the plaintiffs' lawyers. "

After four weeks of trial, the jury deliberated just under four hours before
unanimously rendering a defense verdict, Kerr said.

But Michael B. Hyman, a Chicago attorney who represented the plaintiffs, said
his clients will "vigorously appeal" the verdict and believes they will be
successful.

He explained that because the judge had earlier ruled that the policy was
ambiguous, interpretation of the contract was a question of law for the judge,
not the jury.

Hyman also noted that another class action is pending in Illinois against State
Farm.

Windfall?

Diminished value after a car accident is something that insureds intuitively
understand, Levin said.

"If I'm selling a 1999 Toyota that has been in an accident, and the guy next to
me is selling the exact same car that hasn't been in an accident, which one are
you going to buy at the same price?" he asked.

But Weinstein said that because insureds don't pay premiums to cover diminished
value, getting their cars repaired and getting a check in the mail would result
in a "windfall. "

"Insureds shouldn't profit from the fact they smashed their car into a wall,"
she said.

Levin argued that because insurance companies do not disclose how premiums are
calculated, they should not be able to argue that diminished value is outside of
an insured's coverage, he said.

Further, with insurance company profits at an all-time high, "the windfalls sure
are not on behalf of people who pay the premiums," he said.

University of Connecticut Insurance Law Center Director Tom Baker acknowledged
that the "moral hazard" of receiving a check in addition to repair could lead to
greater insurance fraud, but also pointed out that if insurers paid diminution
in value claims, it would promote better record-keeping about accidents.

"The windfall would occur if I get in an accident, get my car repaired, get a
check in the mail and then sell the car and 'forget' to say that I got in an
accident," he explained.

New Policy Language?

Baker noted that the Insurance Services Office, a national company that provides
guidance and sample policies for insurance companies, has already drafted a new
automobile coverage form that allows insurers to exclude potentially ambiguous
language.

Weinstein said that Allstate began rolling out changes to its policies in 1997.

She also warned that if insurance companies begin paying for diminution of
value, not only will rates increase but insurers will also be forced to "total"
cars more frequently.

"If [adjustors] have to account for diminished value, then a lot more cars would
get totaled," she said.

Baker suggested that insurance companies could offer separate diminution of
value coverage for additional premiums.

Even if the policy language changes, Baker predicted that this will remain an
"incredibly active area of law" because the highest courts in many states have
not yet ruled.

Stempel predicted decades of on-going litigation as cases make their way to each
state supreme court.

But "if a couple more decisions come down the insurers' way, it will become even
harder for plaintiffs to prevail," he noted.

Allgood v. Meridian Security Insurance Co. (Lawyers Weekly USA No. 9928229)
Indiana Court of Appeals No. 49A02-0307-CV-580. April 28, 2004.

How Other Courts Have Ruled

*  Insureds Can Recover For Loss Of Value:

10th Circuit: Boyd Motors Inc. v. Employers Insurance Of Wausau, 880 F.2d 270
(1989).

Arkansas: MFA Insurance Co. v. Citizens National Bank of Hope, 545 S.W.2d 70
(1970).

Colorado: Hyden v. Farmers Insurance Exchange, 20 P.3d 1222 (Colo.Ct.App. 2000).

Georgia: State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co. v. Mabry, 556 S.E.2d 114
(2001).

Kansas: Dodson Aviation, Inc. v. Rollins Burdick Hunter of Kansas, 807 P.2d 1319
(Kan.Ct.App. 1991).

Minnesota: Ciresi v. Globe & Rutgers Fire Insurance Co., 244 N.W. 688 (1932).

Mississippi: Potomac Insurance Co. v. Wilkinson, 57 So.2d 158 (1952).

New York: Edwards v. Maryland Motorcar Insurance Co., 197 N.Y.S. 460
(N.Y.App.Div. 1922).

North Carolina: Pierce v. American Fidelity Fire Insurance Co., 83 S.E.2d 493
(1954).

Oregon: Dunmire Motore Co. v. Oregon Mutual Fire Insurance Co., 114 P.2d 1005
(1941).

*  Insureds Can't Recover For Loss Of Value:

5th Circuit: Manguno v. Prudential Prop. & Casualty Insurance Co., 276 F.3d 720
(2002).

Southern District of Indiana: Hilton v. Allstate Insurance Co., No.
1:03-CV-00172 (Feb. 28, 2003).

Eastern District of Michigan: Driscoll v. State Farm Mutual Auto Insurance Co.,
227 F. Supp.2d 696 (2002).

Alabama: Pritchett v. State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co., 834 So.2d 785
(Ala.Civ.App. 2002).

Arizona: Johnson v. State Farm Automobile Insurance Co., 754 P.2d 330
(Ariz.Ct.App. 1988).

California: Ray v. Farmers Insurance Exchange, 246 Cal.Rptr. 593 (Cal.Ct.App.
1988).

Delaware: O'Brien v. Progressive Northern Insurance Co., 785 A.2d 281 (2001).

Florida: Siegle v. Progressive Consumers Insurance Co., 819 So.2d 732 (2002).

Illinois: Haussler v. Indemnity Co. of America, 227 Ill.App. 504 (1923).

Kentucky: Gen. Accident Fire & Life Assurance Corp. v. Judd, 400 S.W.2d 685
(1966).

Louisiana: Townsend v. State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co., 793 So.2d 473
(La.Ct.App. 2001); Campbell v. Markel American Insurance Co., 822 So.2d 617
(La.Ct.App. 2001).

Maine: Hall v. Acadia Insurance Co., 801 A.2d 993 (2002).

Massachusetts: Given v. Commerce Insurance Co., 796 N.E.2d 1275 (Mass. 2003).

Missouri: Lupo v. Shelter Mutual Insurance Co., 70 S.W.3d 16 (Mo.Ct.App. 2002);
Camden v. State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co., 66 S.W.3d 78 (Mo.Ct.App.
2001); Spellman v. Sentry Insurance, 66 S.W.3d 74 (Mo.Ct.App. 2001).

South Carolina: Schulmeyer v. State Farm Fire & Casualty Co., 579 S.E.2d 132
(2003).

Tennessee: Black v. State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co., 101 S.W.3d 427
(Tenn.Ct.App. 2003).

Texas: American Manufacturers Mutual Insurance Co. v. Schaefer, 124 S.W. 3d 154
(2003).

Virginia: Bickel v. Nationwide Mutual Insurance Co., 143 S.E.2d 903 (1965).

© 2012 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             India Automobile News

                     January 28, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Louisville Honda Owner Files Class-Action Lawsuit Against Honda, Takata Alleging
Diminished Value Due to Defective Airbags

LENGTH: 354  words


Jan. 28 -- US-based Strauss Troy issued the following news release:

Mr. David Cambron, Jr., a Louisville resident and owner of a 2005 Honda Pilot,
has filed a class-action lawsuit alleging that both Honda Motor Co., Ltd.
(Honda) and Takata Corporation knew of the dangers relating to Takata airbags
for at least a decade, yet the two manufacturing companies failed to inform the
public because full disclosure would have negatively impacted the market value
of Honda vehicles.

"Airbags are a critical safety component in automobiles," said Strauss Troy
Attorney Ron Parry. "Purchasers and lessees of vehicles have an expectation that
airbags will operate properly to prevent injury. Honda's recent disclosure that
the Takata airbags installed in its automobiles are capable of causing injury or
death has significantly diminished the value of Honda automobiles."

The legal complaint, filed Friday, January 9, 2015, in U.S. District Court,
Western District of Kentucky, seeks recovery of losses and damages for the
diminished value of the Class Members' Honda vehicles. Filed on behalf of
citizens in the Commonwealth of Kentucky who own Honda automobiles, the
complaint asserts claims under the Kentucky Consumer Protection Act and for
breach of implied warranties under Kentucky law.

The current Takata airbag recall includes more than 10 million vehicles and
approximately half of those are Hondas. In October 2014, the National Highway
Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) issued a Consumer Advisory instructing
automobile owners to "act immediately on recall notices to replace defective
Takata airbags."

Honda develops, produces and manufactures a variety of motor products, ranging
from small general-purpose engines and scooters to specialty sports cars. Takata
Corporation manufactures and sells motor vehicle seat belts, airbags, steering
wheels, interior trims and child restraint systems.

Mr. Cambron is represented by Attorney Ron Parry of Strauss Troy Co., LPA (with
offices in Cincinnati and Northern Kentucky) and Attorney Tad Thomas of the
Thomas Law Offices, PLLC located in Louisville, Kentucky.

Source: Strauss Troy

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                            December 6, 2016 Tuesday

Head Line: US Patent granted to Dassault Systemes on December 6, 2016 titled as
"Diminished reality"

LENGTH: 153 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,514,573 on December 6, 2016, to Dassault Systemes titled as "Diminished
reality"

Inventors: Grimaud; Jean-Jacques (Winchester, MA)


Assignee: Dassault Systemes (Velizy Villacoublay, FR)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
computer tool generates user-defined diminished reality images of a subject
environment from source images. The diminished reality images display less
real-world objects in the subject environment than that displayed in the source
images. A 3D model of the subject environment in diminished reality is formed
from the diminished reality images. The 3D model supports augmented reality user
interaction with views of the subject environment diminished in reality and
tidied/decluttered of user-selected objects."

The patent was filed on December 26, 2013 Application No. 14/141,243


LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     December 24, 2015 Thursday 8:40 PM GMT

Tornadoes and severe storms across southern US leave at least 10 dead;
National Weather Service said there was a diminished risk of severe storms as
search and rescue efforts were underway in regions that endured the damage

BYLINE: Amanda Holpuch in New York

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 533 words


At least 10 people were killed in a storm system that raged across the southern
US on Wednesday, as continuing storms caused thousands of flight delays on one
of the busiest travel days of the year.

The National Weather Service said on Thursday morning that there was a
diminished risk of severe storms as search and rescue efforts were underway in
regions that endured the most significant storm and tornado damage.

At least six people were killed in Mississippi and at least three people were
killed in Tennessee, officials said.

Mississippi governor Phil Bryant declared a state of emergency on Thursday.
"Mississippians are resilient in difficult times, and we will meet this
challenge head on for those that are in need," Bryant said in a statement.

Michaela Remus, 18, died in Arkansas after a tree crashed into her bedroom,
according to the Pope County sheriff's office. Remus's one-year-old sister was
sleeping in the bedroom with her but rescuers were able to pull her from the
home.

"It's terrible that this happened, especially at Christmas," said Pope county
sheriff Shane Jones.

Thousands of people lost power from Mississippi to Michigan during the storms.
Though the risk for severe storms diminished in the south, forecasters warned of
a lingering chance of flash flooding, heavy rains and winds.

Officials said a seven-year-old boy died in Holly Springs, Mississippi when a
tornado swept through the city and tossed the car he was in. Two people were
also killed and two others were missing in nearby Benton County.

In Tennessee, a 22-year-old man died in Rhea County and a 70-year-old man and
69-year-old woman died in Perry County.

Mississippi Emergency Management Agency spokesman Greg Flynn said that the
agency had recorded more than 40 injuries, including amputations, before dawn on
Thursday.

Authorities in Alabama's Pike County asked drivers to stay off the road until
Monday after 10 inches of rain poured down on the southeast part of the state.

In Georgia, heavy rains caused a mudslide and several roads were overwhelmed by
flooding.

More than 4,200 flights were delayed nationwide and 550 flights had been
canceled as of Thursday afternoon, according to flight-tracking website
FlightAware.

Meanwhile, the record-setting east coast temperatures mean that New York City
could experience a warmer Christmas than Los Angeles.

Washington DC reported a record-setting tropical air stream, prompting flash
flood warnings for the metro area and Baltimore.

Wet weather conditions in California provided short term relief for the
drought-stricken state.

The snowpack in the Sierra Nevadas is also higher than average for the first
time in several years, but the increased snowfall there and in Utah increases
the chance of avalanches.

The snowpack needs to be significantly higher for the drought to be over.

Steve Nemeth, water supply forecaster for California's department of water
resources said that levels were good, but cautioned that the December increase
may not last through the winter. "We've been fooled before on above-average
Decembers," Nemeth told the LA Times.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                             April 3, 2010 Saturday
                               FINAL - 5 EDITION

LAWYERS TACKLE THORNY ISSUE;
EXPERTS: A CLIENT HAS FINAL SAY

BYLINE: ALAINE GRIFFIN agriffin@courant.com

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 716 words

DATELINE: NEW HAVEN


Veteran defense lawyers Patrick J. Culligan and Thomas J. Ullmann are well-known
for their vehement opposition to the death penalty.

And now they represent a client who seems willing to take a seat on death row.

Next week, the two attorneys plan to vigorously fight Steven Hayes' decision to
plead guilty to the 2007 Cheshire home invasion killings, but can they go
against their client's wishes?

As a general rule, in a criminal case, "the lawyer shall abide by the client's
decision, after consultation with the lawyer, as to a plea to be entered and
whether to waive jury trial," under the Connecticut Rules of Professional
Conduct.

Jeffrey A. Meyer, a former federal prosecutor who teaches at the Quinnipiac
University School of Law, said that means a lawyer must act on behalf of his
client, "even if the lawyer does not personally or philosophically agree with
the client's wishes."

The exception is if the client is acting with "diminished capacity," according
to the rules, though "diminished capacity" is never defined.

"It is not clear how they could make a persuasive showing of diminished capacity
under the rule," Meyer said.

Hayes' revelation to Judge Jon C. Blue on Thursday about his wish to plead
guilty came shortly after Blue said from the bench that a report issued by a
team of experts showed Hayes was competent to stand trial. The report prompted
Hayes' attorneys to waive a competency hearing they had requested for Hayes.

By waiving the hearing, veteran New Haven attorney Hugh Keefe said, Hayes'
attorneys conceded that Hayes was mentally competent.

"At that point, there's nothing to stand in the way of him making that
decision," Keefe said.

"Some people do choose death over life in prison," Keefe said. He noted the May
13, 2005, execution of serial killer Michael Ross, the first person to be put to
death in New England in 45 years. The execution occurred after Ross waged a
legal fight to have his sentence imposed.

"It's perfectly possible for a criminal defendant to rationally and competently
make that decision," Keefe said. "But the question is if the person is making
that decision rationally and competently."

If Hayes' lawyers can't talk him out of pleading guilty without a plea bargain,
and a judge accepts Hayes' guilty pleas to multiple charges of murder,
kidnapping, sexual assault, burglary, larceny and arson, Hayes could end up with
new lawyers. The rules state that if "the client insists upon taking action that
the lawyer considers repugnant or with which the lawyer has a fundamental
disagreement," then a lawyer can withdraw from a case.

Legal experts with knowledge of Culligan, who heads the state's capital defense
unit, and Ullmann, who leads New Haven's public defenders office, say both
lawyers oppose the death penalty and would adamantly fight a client's execution.

"Assuming your client is competent to make the decision, there is no reason not
to advocate what your client's position is. That's your job," Keefe said.
"Whether the lawyer wants to still be the lawyer in that case, that's another
question."

Hayes and co-defendant Joshua Komisarjevsky are accused of killing Jennifer
Hawke-Petit and her two daughters, Hayley, 17, and Michaela, 11, during a
break-in, robbery and arson at the Petits' Cheshire home on July 23, 2007.
Hawke-Petit's husband and the girls' father, Dr. William Petit Jr., was badly
beaten but survived.

Both Hayes and Komisarjevksy face the death penalty if convicted of the triple
slaying and have offered repeatedly - and unsuccessfully - to plead guilty in
exchange for a punishment of life in prison without the possibility of release.

Hayes' attorneys have until Monday afternoon to file a motion opposing a change
in plea. A hearing is scheduled for Tuesday on Hayes' request.

Online Extra: ON THE WEB Visit courant. com/ cheshire slayings for photos and
previous stories related to the Cheshire home invasion case.

Key Points

The Issues

Hayes: Tells court Thursday that he wants to plead guilty.

His Lawyers: Plan to fight the move but, if they cannot talk him out of his
decision, they could withdraw from case.

The Rules: A lawyer is supposed to follow a client's lawful wishes, even if he
does not agree.

At Stake: Both Hayes and co-defendant Joshua Komisarjevsky face the death
penalty if convicted of the triple slaying.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                            April 24, 2013 Wednesday

U.S. Supreme Court finds defendant's retro plea a tough sell

BYLINE: Kimberly Atkins

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 947  words


Can a common practice in criminal defense trigger constitutional protections
when it's suddenly changed?

The justices of the U.S. Supreme Court didn't seem to think so, at least in the
context of Metrish v. Lancaster, which was argued Wednesday.

In that case, the court is being asked to decide whether a ruling by the
Michigan Supreme Court abolishing the diminished-capacity defense can be applied
retroactively to a defendant without violating his due process rights. The
trouble for the defendant is that the defense, although used repeatedly for
years, was never formally adopted by the state Legislature or appellate courts.

"It's not enough to show that Michigan law seemed to be what you say it was,"
said Justice Antonin G. Scalia during arguments. "It has to have been what you
say it was. "

Burt Lancaster -- a former Detroit police officer, not the actor -- was charged
with first-degree murder and firearm offenses after he shot and killed his
girlfriend in a Southfield, Mich., shopping center parking lot in 1993.
Lancaster, who had a long history of mental illness, presented a diminished
-capacity defense at trial, but the jury still convicted him on all counts. That
verdict was later reversed after Lancaster successfully lodged a Batson
challenge.

At his retrial 10 years later on the same charges, Lancaster once again raised
the diminished-capacity defense. But in between the two trials, the Michigan
Supreme Court decided the 2001 case of People v. Carpenter (627 N.W.2d 276),
which abolished the defense, so the trial court barred Lancaster from raising
it. After losing an interlocutory appeal on the matter, Lancaster opted for a
bench trial and was again convicted on all counts and sentenced to life
imprisonment plus two years.

After exhausting his state court remedies Lancaster sought habeas relief in
federal court, arguing that the state trial court retroactively applied a
substantive change in state law in violation of the Due Process Clause.

The district court denied his petition. Because the defense had never been
codified by the Legislature or formally adopted by the state's highest court, it
was not a well-established law that could be the basis of a due process
violation, the court ruled.

But the 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals reversed, holding that the diminished
-capacity defense was well established in Michigan and therefore the retroactive
application of Carpenter was unconstitutional. The Supreme Court granted the
state's petition for certiorari.



'It's clear because it's clear!'

The state argued that the only way for a law to be well-established is for state
lawmakers to say that it is.

"For over 200 years, [Michigan] has been a code jurisdiction," argued Michigan
Solicitor General John J. Bursch. "So only the Michigan legislature had the
power to add a diminished capacity defense. "

Although a 1973 Michigan Court of Appeals case, People v. Lynch (208 N.W.2d 656
), recognized the defense as a matter of common law, a 1975 statute adopted by
the legislature overrode that ruling when it "established all the comprehensive
defenses available, and left out diminished capacity," Bursch said.

But Justice Elena Kagan pointed out that the defense was being proffered
routinely until the state court decision held that it couldn't -- a ruling that
could be interpreted as the kind of "unexpected" ruling that could trigger
habeas relief when applied retroactively.

"It's rare for a court to reverse a decision on what a statute means," Kagan
said.

"If you had an ambiguous statute, yes, then maybe there would be uncertainty,"
Bursch said. "But here you've got a statute that enumerates several defenses and
does not include diminished capacity. Under Michigan law, [if] it's not
enumerated, it's not there. "

Justice Sonia M. Sotomayor asked whether the statute's omission of the defense
is "any less ambiguous merely because a court announces that it thinks it's not.
"

As Bursch started a discussion of the appellate court's reasoning, Scalia jumped
in to help him.

"I thought your argument is: 'It's clear because it's clear!'" Scalia said.

"That was my second point," Bursch said.

"It should have been your first point," Scalia said. "The premise is simply
wrong. You're saying it was clear because the statute's clear. "



'The Great Mentioner'

Kenneth M. Mogill, a partner in the Lake Orion, Mich., office of Mogill, Posner
& Cohen, argued on Lancaster's behalf that Michigan allows room for the common
law.

"Michigan recognizes the common law in its constitution," Mogill said. And Lynch
"firmly established that the diminished capacity defense existed. "

But Scalia said it wasn't enough for a case to merely mention a defense.

"What case has a holding -- a holding -- that diminished capacity excuses the
crime or mitigates the crime?" Scalia demanded.

Mogill said Lynch fit the bill by finding that "mental health evidence of the
kind [the defendant] wanted to offer, was admissible to establish a diminished
capacity. ... Once that case was decided, there is one direction only in
Michigan law from 1973 until Carpenter, by surprise, in 2001. "

Justice Stephen G. Breyer echoed Scalia's questions seeking to determine how
"established" the defense was in common law.

"How many holdings are there [establishing the defense]?" Breyer asked.

"There are many mentions," Mogill began.

"I take it the answer is zero, right?" Breyer said, later referring to cases
such as Lynch as "The Great Mentioners" rather than binding precedent.

"We've noticed The Great Mentioner is often wrong," Breyer said.

<a href="http://www.lawyersusaonline.com/be-the-first-to-know/">Click here for
more from this resource. </a>

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     December 24, 2015 Thursday 4:50 PM GMT

Tornadoes and severe storms across southern US leave at least seven dead;
National Weather Service said there was a diminished risk of severe storms as
search and rescue efforts were underway in regions that endured the damage

BYLINE: Amanda Holpuch in New York

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 442 words


At least seven people were killed in a storm system that raged across the
southern US on Wednesday, as the east coast experienced record high temperatures
and persistent rain.

The National Weather Service said on Thursday morning that there was a
diminished risk of severe storms as search and rescue efforts were underway in
regions that endured the most significant storm and tornado damage.

At least three people were killed in Mississippi and in Tennessee, officials
said.

Mississippi governor Phil Bryant declared a state of emergency on Thursday.
"Mississippians are resilient in difficult times, and we will meet this
challenge head on for those that are in need," Bryant said in a statement.

Michaela Remus, 18, died in Arkansas after a tree crashed into her bedroom,
according to the Pope County sheriff's office. Remus's one-year-old sister was
sleeping in the bedroom with her but rescuers were able to pull her from the
home.

"It's terrible that this happened, especially at Christmas," said Pope county
sheriff Shane Jones.

Thousands of people lost power from Mississippi to Michigan during the storms.
Though the risk for severe storms diminished in the south, forecasters warned of
a lingering chance of flash flooding, heavy rains and winds.

Officials said a seven-year-old boy died in Holly Springs, Mississippi when a
tornado swept through the city and tossed the car he was in. Two people were
also killed and two others were missing in nearby Benton County.

In Tennessee, a 22-year-old man died in Rhea County and a 70-year-old man and
69-year-old woman died in Perry County.

Mississippi Emergency Management Agency spokesman Greg Flynn said that the
agency had recorded more than 40 injuries, including amputations, before dawn on
Thursday.

Meanwhile, the record-setting east coast temperatures mean that New York City
could experience a warmer Christmas than Los Angeles.

Washington DC reported a record-setting tropical air stream, prompting flash
flood warnings for the metro area and Baltimore.

Wet weather conditions in California provided short term relief for the
drought-stricken state.

The snowpack in the Sierra Nevadas is also higher than average for the first
time in several years, but the increased snowfall there and in Utah increases
the chance of avalanches.

The snowpack needs to be significantly higher for the drought to be over.

Steve Nemeth, water supply forecaster for California's department of water
resources said that levels were good, but cautioned that the December increase
may not last through the winter. "We've been fooled before on above-average
Decembers," Nemeth told the LA Times.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           November 2, 2016 Wednesday

FMR LLC (Massachusetts) applies for US Patent titled as "Aberrant and Diminished
Activity Detector Apparatuses, Methods and Systems"

LENGTH: 290 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160314471 for US Patent, published on October 27, 2016, by FMR
LLC (Massachusetts), titled as "Aberrant and Diminished Activity Detector
Apparatuses, Methods and Systems"  for the registration of patent.



Inventors: Gerber; Evan; (Cambridge, MA) ; Raikula; Ronald M.; (Boston, MA)

Applicant: FMR LLC   Boston   MA (Massachusetts)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "The
Aberrant and Diminished Activity Detector Apparatuses, Methods and Systems
("DAD") transforms abnormal financial or behavioral pattern and enrollment
request message inputs via DAD components into alert outputs that may be sent to
trusted parties or caregivers, in order to reduce and prevent fraudulent
financial transactions that target the elderly or impaired individuals. A
subject is enrolled in the DAD system via an enrollment component via enrollment
information provided by one of the subject and an observer. The DAD system
determines abnormal transaction indicators for the subject from at least one of:
historical financial transaction patterns of the subject, abnormal behavior
patterns of the subject and predictive indicators derived from historical
fraudulent financial data of a population. Alarm thresholds based on the
abnormal transaction indicators are determined. When an indication of a
financial transaction involving the subject is obtained via a monitoring
component, the DAD system determines an alert level for the financial
transaction by comparing details of the financial transaction to the transaction
alarm thresholds, and transmits an alert to an enrolled observer in accordance
with the determined alert level."


LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                       May 20, 2000, Saturday, Edition 1

POST-COLLISION RESALE VALUE QUESTIONED

BYLINE: Beverly Browne

SECTION: WHEELS

LENGTH: 538 words




SPECIAL TO THE STAR

Anyone who has ever bought or sold a vehicle that has been in a crash knows that
repairs - even done well - have affected its resale value.

Now, some people are beginning to ask that insurers compensate consumers for
what they call this ''diminished value."

If a car is written off, there's generally no problem, since its current value
can be easily determined.

In the case when the insurance people authorize repairs, the car or truck is put
back on the road.

But critics say that, if the vehicle is to be sold, this accident history, if
known, automatically lowers the selling price. Consequently, the owner suffers a
financial loss even though the insurance policy promises to indemnify for
function, appearance, safety and value.

But seldom, some feel, is this diminished value factored into the equation.

In the U.S., support for diminished value claims is gaining ground, as more
motorists are beginning to take stock.

Wreck Check, headquartered in Atlanta, Ga., provides computer software to repair
shops, teaching them how to ensure diminished value is included in claims.

There are about 150 Wreck Checks across the U.S., and plans are afoot to open at
least one location in southern Ontario before the end of 2000.

Since the company started up in 1995, its system has, among other things,
provided independent written reports to numerous individuals, consequently
helping them submit legitimate claims for diminished value.

Wreck Check president Jim Lynas says, ''Consumers don't want to buy damaged
goods - certainly not at full price. And damaged cars don't bring full price for
the seller.

''When a car is damaged, the expectation is that it should be repaired to its
pre-loss condition in areas of function, appearance, safety and value."

Lynas has observed some patterns throughout the process.

''Ethical insurance companies pay the additional claims," he says, ''unethical
insurance companies don't pay."

But Canada is not there, yet.

Toronto lawyer David Burstein, who specializes in personal injury and insurance
defence litigation, disagrees that insurance companies are cheating clients on
diminished value.

He says he's seen new-car owners who've bought a limited depreciation
endorsement on their insurance, and have had their cars damaged beyond repair in
a crash, and who have received more than what the car was worth.

Eve Patterson, regional manager of the Ontario division of the Insurance Bureau
of Canada says diminished value is not part of an insurance contract. Policies
promise a settlement of ''like kind and quality."

She cites this example: a four-year-old car has its fender damaged, and the
(good) fender from a similar four-year-old car is placed on the damaged car.

How would you determine diminished value? ''I'm not sure how you would go about
that," she says.

Wreck Check's Lynas notes, however, that the impact from most collisions damages
parts other than the fender - from mechanical components to seals and paint.

Those areas are not as easily identified, nor as easily fixed as a fender. And
therein lies the dilemma.

Beverly Browne is a freelance writer based in Ajax.


LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2000 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              33 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 4, 2008 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Tale of Two Minds, Spinning Out of Control

BYLINE: By MANOHLA DARGIS

SECTION: Section E; Column 0; Movies, Performing Arts/Weekend Desk; MOVIE REVIEW
'DIMINISHED CAPACITY'; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 576 words


The talented actor Terry Kinney turns feature-film director to guide a regiment
of equally appealing performers -- Alan Alda, Matthew Broderick, Virginia
Madsen, Lois Smith, Dylan Baker, Bobby Cannavale  -- through their respectable
if pedestrian paces in the comedy-drama hybrid ''Diminished Capacity.'' Adapted
by Sherwood Kiraly from his novel of the same title, the sleepy proceedings turn
on two relatives -- a Chicago newspaper editor, Cooper (Mr. Broderick), and his
Missourian Uncle Rollie (Mr. Alda) -- whose lives have been upended by their
failing and flickering minds.

The story kicks into low gear (where it stays) when Cooper, who's recovering
from a debilitating accident, is summoned to Missouri by his mother (Ms. Smith)
to care for Rollie, an eccentric one tic away from institutionalization. Though
he's meant to be fading fast, Rollie -- who has fitted a manual typewriter with
fishhooks, believing the local lake fish make poetry with each nibble -- mostly
comes across as a novelist's contrivance, an a la carte sampling of prickly
charm, folksy paternalism and pathos. It's the kind of character that Mr. Alda
might have pulled off if he had been given a firmer hand than the one offered by
Mr. Kinney. As it is, though he wrings real feeling from some of his scenes, Mr.
Alda makes twinkly lethal.

At least he has something to chew on. Mr. Broderick is less well nourished.
Cooper is a tough nut to crack -- he suffers from forgetfulness and the
filmmakers' insistence on making that forgetfulness cutesy -- but he's not
remotely interesting. A professional Everyman, Mr. Broderick does what he can --
like the rest of the cast, he appears to have been left to his own devices --
mainly by looking completely deflated, a miscalculation for a character charged
with shouldering so much narrative weight.  When Mr. Broderick stands in the
middle of the frame, which is where the inelegant cinematography often situates
the performers, it's the actor who looks stranded rather than the character.

''Diminished Capacity'' touches earnestly on heart-heavy issues of loss: loss of
memory, of love and, perhaps because of the local angle, of (or rather by) the
Chicago Cubs. But Mr. Kinney, a founder of the Steppenwolf Theater Company in
Chicago and a familiar face from film and television, never gives his movie a
sustained pulse. The actors look as if they're having a reasonably fine time,
but there's no sense of commitment here, no sense that this was a movie that
absolutely, passionately had to be made. As it happens, the liveliest
performance is one of the briefest and comes from Mr. Baker, who goes to crazy
town and back in a short, frenzied scene about an especially masochistic Cub
fan. He jolts the movie awake.

DIMINISHED CAPACITY

Opens on Friday in New York, Chicago and Los Angeles.

Directed by Terry Kinney; written by Sherwood Kiraly, based on his novel;
director of photography, Vanja Cernjul; edited by Tim Streeto; music by Robert
Burger; production designer, Dan Davis; produced by Celine Rattray, Galt
Niederhoffer, Daniela Taplin Lundberg and Tim Evans; released by IFC Films.
Running time: 1 hour 32 minutes. This film is not rated.

WITH: Matthew Broderick (Cooper), Virginia Madsen (Charlotte), Alan Alda
(Rollie), Louis C. K. (Big Stan), Jimmy Bennett (Dillon), Jim True-Frost (Donny
Prine), Dylan Baker (Mad Dog McClure), Bobby Cannavale (Lee Vivyan), Jeff Perry
(Casey Dean) and Lois Smith (Belle).

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Virginia Madsen and Matthew Broderick in ''Diminished
Capacity,'' directed by Terry Kinney. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JESSICA MIGLIO/IFC FILMS)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                              34 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     November 30, 2001 Friday, Home Edition

Ruling on vehicle damage being applied to all insurers

BYLINE: DUANE D. STANFORD

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Metro News; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 578 words


In response to a landmark court decision, Georgia's insurance commissioner said
Thursday he will direct all auto insurers --- not just State Farm --- to
reimburse policyholders for the diminished value of cars damaged in collisions.

A day earlier, the state Supreme Court agreed with two State Farm policyholders
who contended that wrecked cars are worth less on the open market, no matter how
well they are repaired, and that insurance companies are liable to pay the
difference.

"We view the Supreme Court decision to be the law of the state of Georgia, and
it applies to all insurance companies, not just State Farm," said Insurance
Commissioner John Oxendine.

Representatives of Progressive and Allstate, two insurance companies that face a
lawsuit similar to State Farm's, declined to comment.

David J. Colmans of the Georgia Insurance Information Service, which represents
State Farm and many other insurance providers that operate in the state, said
the cost of diminished value claims could end up being passed on to consumers.

"If insurance companies are paying considerably more money, it stands to reason
they would have to look at their rate structures," he said.

As insurance commissioner, Oxendine would have to approve any rate increases.
Cathey Steinberg, the state consumers' insurance advocate who reviews all rate
increase requests under authority of the governor, said companies would have to
prove they were spending more on diminished value claims before they could pass
on the costs.

Oxendine said he intends to issue the diminished value directive next week.
Insurance companies that fail to comply could face everything from fines to
expulsion from the state.

Left to be determined is exactly how insurance companies would calculate the
diminished values.

Lawyers for State Farm and the policyholders who brought the lawsuit will argue
the issue next week in Muscogee County Superior Court, where the case originated
nearly two years ago.

The first to be paid would be State Farm policyholders whose claims date back to
last Dec. 1, when a lower court judge first ordered State Farm to pay diminished
value claims, said C. Neal Pope, the Columbus lawyer who filed the case against
State Farm.

State Farm put $10 million into an account to cover the claims in case it loses
its appeal. Now that the Supreme Court has weighed in, the Muscogee judge will
have to order the money released from the account. Pope said he will make that
request at next week's hearing.

Once the money is released, the first wave of policyholders affected by the
class-action suit could receive information by early next year telling them how
to collect.

Payouts could range from a few dollars to thousands, Pope estimated.

Those who filed claims before Dec. 1, will have to wait longer. A separate case
granting that group relief is still on appeal with the state Supreme Court,
which isn't expected to rule until April, Pope said.

Eligible policyholders would had to have filed a claim after Dec. 23, 1993.

State Farm has set aside $50 million for those back claims.

The two lawsuits affect as many as 500,000 claims, Pope said.

State Farm insures more than 20 percent of the state's drivers.

Similar lawsuits seeking back claims are pending in Muscogee County against
eight other insurance companies, including Allstate and Progressive.

Together, the lawsuits affect about 70 percent of Georgia's drivers.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                              35 of 997 DOCUMENTS

           St. Louis Daily Record/St. Louis Countian (St. Louis, MO)

                           February 2, 2005 Wednesday

MO Court of Appeals says homeowner gets another chance to collect damages over
faulty repairs

BYLINE: Donna Walter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 636 words


A couple who spent $9,000 to have a sun room built on their Sunrise Beach, Mo.,
home and then spent another $7,000 to have the leaky windows replaced have a
chance to recoup some of their money.

Although a Camden County Circuit Court said St. Clair Corp. breached its
contract with Nick and Donna Stom when it failed to make the necessary repairs,
the trial judge awarded no damages to the Stoms because they failed to present
evidence of the diminished value of their home.

The Missouri Court of Appeals, Southern District, said Judge Bruce Colyer put
the burden of proof on the wrong party and remanded the case back to the trial
court for a determination of damages.

The two sides are miles apart when it comes to calculating damages. The Stoms
want the amount of money they paid another company to replace the windows and
wall pieces - $7,895.27. But St. Clair doesn't want to pay more than the cost of
replacing the screws that had been stripped when the single-pane windows were
replaced with double-pane thermal windows at the Stoms' request - 20 cents per
window. Stripped adjusting screws are what caused the leaks, according to St.
Clair's production supervisor, Mike McCarroll.

The Stoms contracted with Harold Haines Inc. to fix the leakage problem only
after St. Clair did not respond to their request.

The Stoms cited Ken Cucchi Const. Inc. vs. O'Keefe, a 1998 Eastern District
decision, to support their argument that, after a landowner presents evidence of
the cost to repair or replace, the burden falls on the contractor to present
evidence that this cost is disproportionate to the diminution of the property
value. Since St. Clair didn't counter the Stoms' evidence of cost with any
evidence of diminished value, it should pay the entire $7,895.27, argued the
couple.

But St. Clair argued on appeal that it substantially complied with the contract
and should only pay for defects due to unskillful labor, defective materials or
other performance problems. In addition, the Stoms failed to present evidence to
contradict McCarroll's cost testimony, and it would be an "unreasonable economic
waste" to allow the couple to collect the full amount paid for rebuilding the
sun room when they could have repaired it at very little cost, argued St. Clair.

The appellate court's explanation of case law indicates each argument has merit.
But the trial court clearly placed the burden of proving diminished value on the
wrong party and was not required to apply a standard that hasn't been proved,
said the appellate court.

"Both Appellants and Respondent presented evidence of cost of repair, albeit
wildly different sums of $7,895.27 and approximately 20 cents per window.
Neither party presented any evidence on diminished value. Under the Ken Cucchi
Const., Inc. case, the trial court erred in applying the law by improperly
placing the burden of production of evidence as to diminished value on
Appellants and not Respondent after Appellants produced evidence of cost of
repair or replacement. Furthermore, the trial court is not required to apply the
diminished value measure of damages where the contractor does not meet its
burden of production. In such situations, the appellate courts have found that
the cost of repair or replacement is the appropriate damages measure, when
homeowners have produced evidence of such cost of repair or replacement,"
explained Judge Phillip R. Garrison for the unanimous panel.

The Court of Appeals declined to judge the credibility of the evidence presented
by each party and remanded the case for a factual determination of the
appropriate cost of repair or replacement consistent with its opinion.

Nick and Donna Stom, plaintiffs/appellants, vs. St. Clair Corp.,
defendant/respondent; No. 26198; handed down Jan. 26.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires


                              36 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday

Insurance Companies Work Hard To Not Pay Diminished Value Claims

LENGTH: 661 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 New York: Legal Resources Organization has issued the following news release:



  If you are reading this, you have probably been in an accident and your car
was damaged. Maybe a friend told you that your car is worth less now, or maybe
you just figured out that when you try and sell your vehicle that it will not
sell for the same amount it would have before the accident.


 Insurance companies have worked very hard to keep diminished value claims from
being made. They employ a variety of strategies, most of them aimed at just
making it too painful. Try and make a diminished value claim with an insurance
adjuster and you are likely to be confronted by one or more of the following
responses.



 1. MISLEAD - They may tell you that in Ohio they do not owe to pay for the
diminished value of a vehicle after proper repairs have been made. This is
flatly not true. If you are told this then the insurance company representative
is either lying or grossly misinformed. Without going into the details of the
legal basis for making diminished value claims (later blog post&hellip;), I will
say that diminished value claims are alive and well in the State of Ohio, and
have been for some time.



 2. REQUIRE UNREASONABLE PROOF - They may paper you to death, by requiring a
huge amount of proof as to what the diminished value of your vehicle actually
is. The insurance company may require a list of many comparable vehicles that
have sold for less, they may require a used car salesman call them up and tell
them how much the car has depreciated, and the list can go on and on. The
insurance adjuster is really just hoping that you go away. The actual proof that
is necessary to prove your diminished value claim is really anything that will
convince a jury or judge of what the diminished value is. The best way to prove
your diminished value claim is to have an appraisal done on your vehicle by a
professional property appraiser. Fairly simple really, the appraiser is your
expert, who can testify in court as to how much your vehicle has depreciated in
value because of the accident.



 3. SETTLE FOR A FRACTION OF TRUE VALUE - They may offer you a fraction of what
the true value of your diminished value claim is. The insurance company may
offer you a small sum, telling you that yes you are owed for the diminished
value of your car, but really cars do not depreciate that much if repaired
properly. They are hoping that you have not had an appraisal done yet, and that
you do not know the true value of how much your car has depreciated. Fact is,
many diminished value claims are worth thousands of dollars. Depending on the
type of car, the age, mileage, and many other factors that an appraiser will
take into account, your diminished value claim may be substantial. You should
not settle for anything unless you are properly informed as to how much you car
has actually depreciated. After all, it is you who will have to realize that
loss when you try and sell your car down the road.



 Before I was an attorney I was a claims adjuster with one of the largest car
insurance companies in Ohio. I saw first hand how the insurance company handles
these claims. Do not be fooled by the insurance company's misinformation.



 If you think you might have a diminished value claim on your vehicle, do not
hesitate to call our office, we can offer you a free consultation to help you
determine whether or not you have a valuable diminished value claim.



 DISCLAIMER - This blog post is intended for general information purposes only,
does not give legal advice, and does not create an attorney client relationship.
None of the comments or responses are intended as legal advice, do not create an
attorney client relationship, and are not protected by the attorney client
privilege. You should consult an attorney for advice regarding your individual
situation.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 997 DOCUMENTS

           St. Louis Daily Record/St. Louis Countian (St. Louis, MO)

                          September 22, 2001 Saturday

Attorney not wrong for not giving mental exams

BYLINE: Donna Walter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1885 words


In a divided decision, the full court of the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals
found that a criminal defense attorney who did not conduct further
investigations into his client's mental state in order to present a diminished
mental capacity partial defense did not provide ineffective assistance. Last
September a unanimous three-judge panel had come to opposite conclusion.

Kansas City attorney William Corum, who was appointed in accordance to the
Criminal Justice Act to represent the defendant on appeal to the 8th Circuit,
plans to appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court. "I don't know what they'll to do with
it. As you may know, they reject far, far more than they accept. This was at
least an en banc decision. It was split. It's on a relatively new law, and they
may be interested in it, I think," he said.

The U.S. District Court for the Western District of Missouri in a 1999 decision
denied defendant Jerry Dean King's petition for a writ of habeas corpus. King
was convicted of first-degree assault and armed criminal action for the November
1993 shooting of his brother, Dennis. That conviction was affirmed by the
Missouri Court of Appeals in 1997. King's diminished mental capacity theory was
raised for the first time on appeal to the 8th Circuit.

Before trial, King's first lawyer, Victor Head, had King examined by Dr. Harold
Robb, senior psychiatrist at Southwest Missouri Mental Health Center, who
concluded King was competent to stand trial. Head was then replaced by Frank
Yankoviz, who followed King's wishes and argued the shooting was self-defense.
After King's 1994 conviction, another attorney, A. Renae Adamson, represented
him for a Rule 29.15 motion to vacate, set aside or correct his sentence and
judgment based on ineffective assistance of counsel. King argued that Yankoviz
failed to order further evaluations of King's mental health even though he knew
King had been shot in the head several years ago.

Yankoviz testified that he did not pursue medical records or mental health
evaluations because King had been "adamant" about not using a defense of not
guilty by reason of mental disease or defect because he did not want to end up
in a psychiatric institution.

Last year, the 8th Circuit found that Yankoviz's failure to conduct a second
investigation into King's mental health prevented King from using a diminished
-capacity defense. Had that evidence been developed, the 8th Circuit said, King
would have been entitled to an instruction on a lesser offense -- likely
second-degree assault.

Senior Circuit Judge Gerald W. Heaney, who dissented from the decision handed
down Monday, wrote the opinion handed down a year ago. "It is arguable that a
diminished-capacity defense is logically inconsistent with the self-defense
strategy counsel pursued at trial," he wrote in a footnote in last year's
opinion. "We think this is irrelevant, however, because counsel's decision to
pursue self-defense was made without an adequate investigation. The point of the
duty to investigate is to inform such crucial strategic decisions. Had counsel
conducted the necessary investigation, he may well have elected not to present
the jury with King's testimony that the shooting stemmed from a dispute over his
brother's buying and selling of children."

But in an opinion written by Circuit Judge James B. Loken, who last year
concurred with Heaney's opinion, the majority first found that King was
procedurally barred from using the diminished mental capacity theory and then
rejected the theory on its merits.

In its reasoning that the theory is procedurally barred, the majority said that
even though the state of Missouri didn't argue procedural default to the 8th
Circuit panel the appellate court has the discretion to consider the issue sua
sponte. And the doctrine of procedural default is appropriate here, said the
majority, because Missouri law on diminished mental capacity hasn't been applied
in the scenario present here. Loken wrote, "Because of King's procedural
default, we do not know whether the Missouri courts would permit proof of
diminished mental capacity to reduce an offense from first-degree to
second-degree assault, and if so, what sort of proof would suffice. These issues
of state law are critical in determining both aspects of the Sixth Amendment
inquiry under Strickland v. Washington ineffective assistance and prejudice."

The majority then turned to the merits of King's argument of ineffective
assistance of counsel and rejected it on several points.

First, the appellate majority called "suspect" Yankoviz's testimony at the state
post-conviction hearing that he never obtained "any other second opinion after
the State court-ordered evaluation." Instead, the majority said, testimony by
Yankoviz at a court hearing to determine his fee is more reliable. At that
hearing, Yankoviz said that the public defender's office spent $250 on a second
mental evaluation.

But then the majority went on to say that Yankoviz's representation was not
ineffective even if he didn't seek a second evaluation of his client. "Counsel
was not obliged to disregard both Robb's report and his client's wishes and
further pursue a determination that his client was not competent to proceed,"
Loken wrote, citing the 8th Circuit's 1995 decisions in LaRette vs. Delo and
Sidebottom vs. Delo.

The majority also rejected King's argument that Yankoviz decided not to pursue
further mental evaluations because he was ignorant of the diminished mental
capacity partial defense. The majority said that Yankoviz was not asked directly
whether he was aware of the partial defense and that his testimony that "since
we weren't pursuing a legal defense of not guilty by reason of mental disease or
defect . . . I didn't think that that would be admissible" does not establish
his ignorance.

The majority further found that under Missouri law the diminished capacity
partial defense must be based on a mental disease or defect as defined in
Section 552.010 RSMo. According to Robb's report, this was not the case with
King, so the majority concluded that, even though diminished mental capacity was
not specifically addressed in the report, "a competent Missouri criminal defense
attorney reading the report would know that it ruled out a diminished capacity
partial defense." And because the diminished capacity partial defense must be
based on a mental disease or defect, the majority concluded that "counsel's
failure to ferret out and pursue legally insufficient evidence of diminished
capacity did not prejudice King's defense."

Heaney dissented from the majority opinion in its entirety, first noting that,
even though the appellate court may have the authority to find the theory
procedurally barred, the U.S. Supreme Court has said a prisoner's legal theories
may be modified and not conflict with the exhaustion requirement as long as the
question for disposition remains the same. According to Heaney, the diminished
mental capacity theory is a permissible variation of the theory King presented
to the state court.

But although Heaney agrees with the majority's point that Yankoviz wasn't
obligated to pursue a defense against King's wishes, his dissent makes it clear
that the majority and dissenting judges are talking about two different things.
While the majority focused on King's wishes not to be institutionalized, Heaney
stressed that Yankoviz still had a duty to pursue the statutory diminished
mental capacity defense and that his failure to do so resulted in inadequate
representation.

According to Heaney, Robb's evaluation of King was for the purpose of
determining whether King could stand trial and assist in his own defense and
whether, at the time of the shooting, King did not understand the wrongfulness
of his conduct because of a mental disease or defect. But, wrote Heaney, the
report did not cover the question of whether King's mental capacity affected his
ability to have committed the assault "knowingly," as required by Section
565.050(1) RSMo.

"In my view, a competent Missouri criminal defense attorney should have known
the difference between a defense of mental disease or defect excluding criminal
responsibility and a diminished capacity defense, and should have recognized
that Robb's report omitted any finding regarding a possible diminished capacity
defense," wrote Heaney.

But Heaney went further and said defense counsel wouldn't have been justified to
rule out the diminished mental capacity partial defense even if the report had
included an opinion that was "inconsistent" with it. He distinguished King's
case from Sidebottom, which stands for the proposition that an attorney is not
required to seek further evaluations "merely because [the] first was less than
favorable." In Sidebottom, the initial evaluation already included the
consideration of whether the diminished mental capacity defense would be
appropriate. In addition, the decision not to proceed with further mental
evaluations was made because additional evaluations would not uncover
information contrary to the first evaluation.

But that was not the case here, according to Heaney. "Rather, counsel's decision
rested upon the erroneous view that any new information produced by a second
evaluation would be useless by virtue of King's determination not to pursue a
defense of mental disease or defect excluding responsibility," he wrote, listing
several reasons why further evaluation was needed: because King's description of
the gunshot injury and "implausible defense theory" pointed to King having a
mental disease or defect under Missouri law, because Robb's report casts doubt
on his own conclusion that King didn't have a mental disease or defect and
because King repeatedly asked Yankoviz to obtain medical records about a
previous brain injury King suffered as a result of a gunshot wound.

King was clearly prejudiced because the state court jury had no opportunity to
consider the diminished capacity partial defense, which could have meant a
lesser conviction of second-degree assault, said Heaney.

Corum, King's court-appointed lawyer, explained, "I tried to make it clear to
the court we're not arguing this guy's innocent. He shot his brother. Clearly,
he needs to be locked up. He's probably a danger to himself and others. That's
not the issue. The issue is he's got a lot of problems, evidenced clearly by
anybody who even talks to the guy, and the jury needed to know about that, the
sentencing judge needed to know about that, so they could do their job."

The state declined to comment at this time.

Heaney was joined in his dissent by Judges Theodore McMillian, Richard S. Arnold
and Diana E. Murphy. Joining Loken in the majority were Chief Judge Roger L.
Wollman and Judges Pasco M. Bowman, C. Arlen Beam, David R. Hansen and Morris
Sheppard Arnold. Circuit Judge Kermit E. Bye wrote a separate concurring opinion
in which he supports the decision to deny the writ of habeas corpus under both
the majority's and dissent's interpretation of the postconviction court's
findings simply because King never raised the claim in Missouri courts.

Jerry Dean King, appellant, vs. Mike Kemna, superintendent; Jeremiah (Jay)
Nixon, attorney general, state of Missouri, appellees; No. 99-2047; handed down
Sept. 17.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

                      Copyright 2001 Dolan Media Newswires


                              38 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                            December 17, 2010 Friday

Project will help lost people get home safely;
Laramie County first-responders are implementing the Project Lifesaver program
to help recover people of "diminished capacity" who may have wandered off and
gotten lost.

BYLINE: Lindsey Kroskob

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Main; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 513 words


Project Lifesaver is a nationwide effort that provides traceable bracelets to
people of "diminished capacity."

By Lindsey Erin Kroskob

lkroskob@wyomingnews.com

CHEYENNE - Laramie County is implementing a program to get lost people back home
safely.

Project Lifesaver is a nationwide program that provides traceable bracelets to
people of "diminished capacity." Local first-responders are trained on the
system and use a radio transmitter to trace the bracelets' frequency.

"I don't think there is anybody in this room that doesn't have a family member
or a friend of a family member that has somebody that may have diminished
capacity of some sort," Laramie County Sheriff's Department detective Donnie
Heiduck said Thursday. "Sometimes they can't help themselves to get home. We
have to be able to do that for them."

The $6,000 program was implemented locally with a grant through Project
Lifesaver. Each bracelet costs $300, and Heiduck and his partner, Cheyenne
police officer Rebecca Gerrard, have been working to raise money for the
program.

They've raised about $10,000 to date in the hopes that eventually the program
will be self-sufficient and the bracelets provided at no cost.

"It covers the whole span of age groups - anything from children to the elderly.
Even people with traumatic brain injuries," Heiduck said.

Sheriff Danny Glick said the fear of having a community member wander off hits
close to home because of the incident with an elderly man wandering out of his
assisted-living center and dying of exposure to harsh weather last winter.

"First-responders across this room are called in many instances to deal with
these people when they've walked away, lost their way or their families can't
find them," Glick said. "We've suffered those issues here locally, and I think
now we finally have an answer for this."

Heiduck said he hopes this program also allows caregivers more freedom in their
everyday lives, allowing them to do things without worry.

Many times people of diminished capacity are homebound, and caregivers worry
about taking them out or on vacations.

The program allows caregivers to call search-and-rescue departments around the
nation and give them the bracelet frequency, so if something happens they'll be
found quickly.

"It gives them the peace of mind that they can live their life with the person
of diminished capacity and still do the same things that anybody else does," he
said.

Gerrard said the program has a 100 percent success rate, and recovery times are
usually less than 30 minutes, with no serious injury or death.

She will be the primary administrator overseeing the program once responders are
trained in mid-January. Five people from the sheriff's department, police
department and the Wyoming Mounted Search and Rescue will be trained on the
equipment initially, with expansion throughout the year.

Anyone interested in obtaining a bracelet can contact Gerrard at the Cheyenne
Police Department to fill out an application.

For more information, or to make a donation, contact Heiduck at the Laramie
County Sheriff's Department at 633-4800.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                             March 9, 2004 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

No RPI needed to rate ACC;
Just check the quarterfinal matchups at this week's league tourney in
Greensboro, N.C.

BYLINE: Bob Thomas, The Times-Union

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E-1

LENGTH: 718 words


TALLAHASSEE -- If you're looking for proof that the Atlantic Coast Conference
has been the nation's best basketball conference this season, there's no need to
study the RPI Report, Sagarin ratings or any of the other computer models that
validate the league's season-long claim.

The best reference point for the league's strength is Friday's ACC Tournament
quarterfinal schedule, which includes No. 5 Duke vs. the Virginia/Clemson
winner, No. 14 Georgia Tech vs. No. 16 North Carolina, No. 17 N.C. State vs.
Florida State and No. 15 Wake Forest vs. Maryland.

"I think that might be one of the greatest days ever at the ACC Tournament,
given the quality of teams involved and the level of play this season," Maryland
coach Gary Williams said. "You have five top-20 teams to start with, and then
you've got some other teams, including ourselves, who have been competitive with
those other teams through the year. . . . I think a lot of teams feel if they
play well, they have a shot at it. That's why it's going to be great."

The final pre-expansion ACC Tournament caps a season that has been nothing short
of dominant. The nine-team league has a 91-16 record against non-conference
competition, including a 3-0 record against No. 1-ranked teams. All nine teams
are ranked in the top 81 of the RPI Report, including seven in the top 48;
claims no other league can make.

The Sporting News national college basketball writer Mike DeCourcy defends the
ACC's standing as the best conference in the country. Acknowledging that the
college game is not as strong as it once was, he doesn't believe that the ACC is
merely the best at a time when the rest of the nation is clearly off its game,
as some have suggested.

"The problem with that assertion is the ACC is not as good as it was, either,"
DeCourcy said. "It's not the ACC of [Christian] Laettner, [Grant] Hill and Kenny
Anderson. None of college basketball is what it was 10 years ago, or 15 years
ago, for that matter.

"The game has been diminished by the NBA's lust for talent; unfinished, unproven
talent that they usually manage to screw up. They've diminished themselves more
than they have diminished the college game."

According to DeCourcy, the NBA's talent drain has fostered an environment where
many college players are more concerned with "counting their minutes and shots."
He said the ACC sets itself apart with its unselfish and relentless competition
that stretches the length of the league.

"That's why the league's good," DeCourcy said. "That's a big part of it. . . .
It's clearly the most competitive league in the country, top to bottom. Maryland
is the sixth-place team in the league. They beat the second-place team in the
Big Ten [Wisconsin] and the [third]-place team in the SEC [Florida], and beat
one of those teams on the road. That's pretty impressive."

After spending the past 15 seasons at Kansas, North Carolina first-year coach
Roy Williams has a unique perspective on just how tough the ACC has become. The
Big 12 has been the nation's top-rated league the past two seasons.

"I do believe that the last couple of years that the Big 12 was the best league
from top to bottom," Roy Williams said. "There were no games you could count on
even winning at home, let alone on the road. And I do believe the ACC this year,
with six or seven teams getting mentioned throughout the course of the season in
the top 25 in the country, has been the best.

"Our won-loss record against non-conference opponents has been the best in the
country. . . . Clemson and Virginia are playing in the 8-9 game in the first
game of the tournament, and we lost to both of those teams."

It's the kind of strength that will reward the ACC with a minimum of six NCAA
Tournament berths when the field of 65 is announced Sunday, marking the first
time that will take place since 2001. And with strong tournament showings,
Florida State and Virginia can also strengthen their cases before the NCAA
selection committee.

After a handful of substandard seasons, due in part to NBA defections, the ACC
has reclaimed its place as the nation's best basketball conference. The numbers
support that, and so do the people who make a living following the game.

"The conference has been a monster," ESPN's Dick Vitale said. "It's back."

bob.thomas@jacksonville.com, (850) 224-7515 ext. 14

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Photo: CRB106 FLORIDA STATE WAKE FOR CHUCK BURTON/Associated Press Florida
State's Tim Pickett, showing his disappointment after a loss to Wake Forest,
plays for an NCAA bubble team that needs a win.
Photo: NCBJ111 N CAROLINA DUKE 37197 Associated Press Duke guard Chris Duhon is
one of several stars who will be on display this week. ACC and SEC schedules,
E-7.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2004 The Florida Times-Union


                              40 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              March 4, 2016 Friday

Diminished Blue Jackets may be on rise once again

BYLINE: James Barron, The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 675 words


March 04--There was a time when the Santa Fe Blue Jackets were the kings of club
hockey in New Mexico, and Nick Vigil had a front-row seat to it.

Vigil was just in middle school when he watched his brother Christian Vigil help
the Blue Jackets to their fourth-straight New Mexico Interscholastic Ice Hockey
League title in 2010. Little did he know he watched the end of an era in Blue
Jackets hockey.

Since then, the Blue Jackets struggled near the bottom of the league standings
as the skill level and talent pool dried up after that four-year run. Chris
Vigil, now a senior at St. Michael's, says it has made for some trying times for
the club team, which is made up of students from St. Michael's, Santa Fe High
and Monte del Sol.

"There just hasn't been as many players coming out," Vigil said. "It's not like
there was a big selection like it used to be."

A program that once had enough players for a varsity and junior varsity now has
just 11 players on the roster and recently lost two of its better players to
ineligibility. Still, Santa Fe managed to compile an 8-11-2 record this season,
and finds itself seeded eighth in the NMIIHL end-of-year tournament that begins
on Friday in Taos.

The Blue Jackets take on El Paso (Texas) Coronado T-Birds at 4 p.m. Friday, with
the winner moving to a winner's bracket game against top-seeded Albuquerque
Cibola at 8:45 a.m. Saturday. Otherwise, they have to battle through the loser's
bracket of the double-elimination tournament.

Even with the struggles of a small roster, Santa Fe saw a change in its fortunes
thanks to a new head coach in Haemi Rogers, the first female head coach in
league history. Rogers played a season for the University of Wisconsin-Stevens
Point for a year, but has played hockey since she was a teen in the mid-2000s in
Santa Fe. What she saw was a team that was not enjoying itself on the rink, and
she aimed to turn that attitude around.

"I want them to have some fun," Rogers said. "They had so many years of not fun.
I wanted them to enjoy playing because there's a reason why you're playing. It's
fun. That's why it's called playing. I feel like a lot of coaches forget that."

Rogers has relied on her seniors -- Vigil, Devin DeLeon-Dowd and Chris Pearce --
to help change the atmosphere. The trio have the most hockey experience on the
team (DeLeon-Dowd and Vigil have played since they were 5 years old, while
Pearce started when he was 9) and took on the mantle of being team leaders.

"Coaching with Haemie has gotten a lot better," DeLeon-Dowd said.

"And the attitude of the players has improved, too," Vigil added.

Even though the team improved, there is plenty of work ahead for the program.
Rogers feels that the skill and interest level in the sport isn't where it was
when Santa Fe made its championship run. Back then, the city had the Santa Fe
Roadrunners, a Norther American Junior Hockey league team that lasted three
seasons. While the city's support of hockey was lukewarm, the team helped spike
interest in the sport.

The results showed when the players reached the high-school level, as the Blue
Jackets dominated the league and culminated their run in the 2009-2010 season
with an undefeated mark.

"They were living with families with kids," Roger said. "They were playing
street hockey with them and influencing them off the ice in ways that had a
positive effect on hockey growing."

Rogers does her best to convince younger children -- especially those with
skating skills -- to get involved in the sport. She added some of the kids and
the parents hesitate because of the physical nature of the sport. She is
starting to get some middle-school players into the club system in town, and
believes a greater turnaround might come in the next couple of years.

"Losing our seniors is going to have quite the effect," Rogers said. "I still
think we are talented and have it in us to keep it up."

___ (c)2016 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160304-SF-Diminished
-Blue-Jackets-may-be-on-rise-once-again-0304-20160304

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2016 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                              41 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                               September 10, 2007

Ohio Court of Appeals says plaintiff can recover diminished value of repaired
car

BYLINE: Lawyers USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 336  words


The owner of an automobile damaged in an accident can recover the residual
diminution in value of her vehicle after it was repaired, the Ohio Court of
Appeals has ruled in reversing a dismissal.

The plaintiff was injured when her automobile collided with another vehicle.
After recovering the cost of repairing her vehicle, the plaintiff sued the other
driver for her injuries. In addition, she asserted a property damage claim for
the diminished value of her vehicle after it was repaired.

The defendant argued that state law did not recognize a claim for the
post-repair diminished value of a vehicle.

The court agreed that generally a plaintiff may not recover both the cost of
repairs to her vehicle and lost market value, explaining "a damage award
comprising both the difference in a vehicle's market value immediately before
and after the accident and the reasonable cost of repairs presents a classic
example of double recovery because those measures of damages overlap. "

However, it decided that the plaintiff could recover the difference between the
market value of her automobile immediately before the accident and its market
value immediately after its repair.

"We refer to such damages as 'residual diminution in value. ' Unlike the gross
diminution in value that Ohio courts have recognized as the preferred method of
calculating damages to a motor vehicle, the residual diminution in value,
realized because of a vehicle's involvement in a collision, does not overlap the
cost of repairs 'because it is calculated based on a comparison of the value of
the property before the injury and after repairs are made, i.e., excluding
injury compensated by damages for the cost of repair,'" the court said.

It noted similar decisions from courts in Arizona, Colorado, Florida, Iowa,
Louisiana, Mississippi, New Jersey, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Virginia, West
Virginia and the District of Columbia.

Rakich v. Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield (Lawyers USA No. 9938142) Ohio Court
of Appeals No.06AP-1067. July 24, 2007.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                            October 8, 2009 Thursday

Gordon Brown has diminished UK's world standing, says William Hague

BYLINE: Deborah Summersguardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 357 words

ABSTRACT

Shadow foreign secretary hits out at prime minister's 'catastrophic stewardship'
of nation's finances

FULL TEXT

Gordon Brown's "catastrophic stewardship" of the nation's finances has
diminished Britain's standing in the world, William Hague said today.

The shadow foreign secretary said that influence on world affairs was linked
closely to economic success, and the prime minister would leave behind a "nation
diminished".

In a keynote speech to the Conservative conference in Manchester, Hague said
Brown had brought the same "calculating short-term cynicism" to foreign affairs
that he had deployed at home, most recently on the release of the Lockerbie
bomber.

"Americans were not impressed by being told one thing about the Lockerbie bomber
and Libya another while the prime minister hid from telling the British people
anything at all," he said.

Hague reiterated Conservative commitments to reform older international
institutions such as the United Nations and to resist plans to create a
president or foreign minister of the European Union, as set out in the EU's
Lisbon treaty.

But he did not spell out what the Tories would do in the event of treaty being
ratified by the time they came to power - an issue that has stirred some
elements in the party this week.

Nor did he discuss the controversy over the appearance this week at the
conference of Michal Kaminski and Roberts Zile, two of the Tories' controversial
new allies in the European parliament.

Under a Conservative government there would be a distinctive British foreign
policy, geared to the promotion of the British national interest, Hague said.

"It will be advanced, yes, through the European Union, but it will also be
advanced through the alliance with the United States the current government have
recently mismanaged, through new friendships and alliances beyond North America
and Europe which they have neglected to build, and through networks such as the
Commonweath they have never bothered to remember at all," Hague said.

The party would also seek to enhance Britain's relationships with India, the
Gulf and other North African and Latin American nations, he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Guardian Unlimited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Facts on File World News Digest

                                 August 5, 2004

Economy;
Fed Sees Slowed Growth

SECTION: Pg. 587E2

LENGTH: 354 words


The Federal Reserve July 28 reported that the nation's economy had expanded in
June and early July, with many sectors and districts contributing to the growth,
though some areas fell flat or saw diminished growth. The Fed presented its
findings in its "beige book" survey of data, compiled eight times a year on a
rotating basis by the Fed's 12 regional banks. The report was designed for use
by Fed officials in determining whether to adjust interest rates. The latest
survey was conducted by the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland, Ohio. [See 2004
Economy: Fed Sees Continued Growth]

The Fed reported that seven of its districts saw softening consumer spending in
the period covered by the report. Kansas City, Missouri, and Richmond, Virginia,
reported flat or diminished consumer spending. Automobile sales were
unimpressive throughout the country, with only St. Louis, Missouri, reporting
increased sales. Travel and tourism were strong in several districts.

Manufacturing increased significantly throughout the country, with strong
activity in the steel industry reported in the Midwest. Many districts reported
shortages and longer delivery times, a measure of strengthened demand. Strong
demand in transportation and shipping resulted in congestion and higher rates in
some districts.

New home sales remained vibrant, though commercial construction was lackluster
in most districts.

Commercial lending rose for the most part, and those districts not reporting
lending growth saw levels at least maintained. Consumer borrowing improved, as
well, though not at the same level as commercial lending.

Agricultural performance varied from district to district, though prices stayed
high due to greater demand. Extractive industries, such as mining and drilling,
saw heightened activity restrained only by equipment and field shortages.

Half of the 12 districts reported rising labor demand. San Francisco,
California, reported a lack of skilled laborers to meet employer demand. Rising
benefits costs continued to be a source of concern for many employers. Wages
stayed flat, on the whole, through June and early July.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 Facts on File, Inc.


                              44 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Ottumwa Courier (Iowa)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 2, 2015 Wednesday

Kidnapping defendant claims diminished capacity

BYLINE: Matt Milner, Ottumwa Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 348 words


Dec. 02--OTTUMWA -- The defendant in a kidnapping case will say he was not
legally responsible for the crimes when he goes to trial.

Frederick Grace, Jr., is charged with kidnapping and willful injury. His
attorney filed a motion on Tuesday to allow the defense to serve notice of its
strategy. Under Iowa law, defendants who plan to use a defense of self-defense,
diminished capacity, or similar approaches must notify the court and the
prosecution before trial.

Grace's attorney asked the court to approve notice the defense would claim
insanity or diminished capacity, even though the notification would be later
than usually allowed. The motion said that while trial is scheduled for Feb. 2,
both sides were just beginning the process of collecting depositions and the
late notice would not harm the prosecution.

Judge Joel Yates ruled Thursday and allowed the motion, finding that good cause
existed to allow it.

Ottumwa police arrested Grace in June after he allegedly assaulted Orry McClure
and held him against his will.

In other area cases:

--Michael Mancini will spend 25 years behind bars after pleading guilty to
robbery and extortion. He received a 10-year sentence for robbery and a 15-year
sentence for extortion and must serve the sentences consecutively. The plea
bargain dismissed charges of kidnapping and attempted murder.

--Osvaldo Torres has a new trial date and is now scheduled to be in court May
10, 2016. Torres faces multiple charges relating to a summer drug raid in
Ottumwa. Constance Griffiths, who was arrested as part of the same
investigation, has a plea hearing scheduled for Dec. 14. Her trial had been
scheduled for this week.

--Chad Robnett's sentencing hearing on charges including sexual exploitation of
a minor and lascivious acts with a child is now scheduled for Jan. 29, 2016.
Only two of the eight men arrested in the Davis County investigation, including
Robnett, have active cases remaining.

___ (c)2015 the Ottumwa Courier (Ottumwa, Iowa) Visit the Ottumwa Courier
(Ottumwa, Iowa) at www.ottumwacourier.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151202-OT-Kidnapping-defendant-claims-diminished
-capacity-1202-20151202

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OT


                         Copyright 2015 Ottumwa Courier


                              45 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               New York Observer

                                  July 1, 2008

Brain Damaged

BYLINE: Rex Reed

LENGTH: 368 words


DIMINISHED CAPACITYRunning time 92 minutes Written by Sherwood Kiraly Directed
by Terry Kinney Starring Matthew Broderick, Alan Alda, Virginia Madsen, Dylan
Baker, Bobby Cannavale, Louis C. K.


Diminished Capacity is a harmless but monotonous trifle about a baseball card.
Matthew Broderick is making too many movies and giving the same performance in
all of them. This time, he's a Chicago newspaper editor named Cooper who suffers
a brain concussion and gets demoted to proofreading comic strips.

His neurologist says he's got what they call "diminished capacity," but he no
longer throws up when he drives a car, so he goes home to visit his mother (the
wonderful Lois Smith) and discovers that everyone in his hometown has diminished
capacity, too-especially his Uncle Rollie (Alan Alda). Mom has reserved a room
for him in a local loony bin, but there's a waiting list. Sure, he's crazy as a
bedbug, but he's also got a rare, valuable Chicago Cubs baseball card that is
worth six figures. So Cooper, Uncle Rollie, Cooper's old high-school girlfriend
Charlotte (Virginia Madsen) and her precocious son pile into a station wagon and
head for a nostalgia convention at Wrigley Field. Compared with artifacts like
Hank Aaron's autograph and the shoelaces Joe DiMaggio wore when he hit in 56
straight games, Uncle Rollie's card is so priceless it has to be displayed
behind glass. The rest of the movie is about the bidding war between a demented
fan named Mad Dog McClure (Dylan Baker) and a crooked con man named Lee Vivyan
(Bobby Cannavale). It's as innocent and benign as a weenie roast, but the
direction by Steppenwolf co-founder Terry Kinney shows some signs of intelligent
life. As a devotee of the TV series Oz, I know what a dynamic actor Mr. Kinney
is. And anyone who saw his recent production of Neil LaBute's brilliant play
Reasons to Be Pretty is well aware of his power as a stage director. But movies
are a different ball game, and this is his first time at bat. He is heading for
success, but in the future, I am hoping for something meatier than Diminished
Capacity. It's a start, but building an entire movie on a baseball card is like
basing a moing career on a facial mole.

rreed@observer.com

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Observer, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                           January 16, 2002 Wednesday

Sector's M&A pace unabated, but diminished in 4th quarter

LENGTH: 1083 words

Dealmaking 2001

Sector's M&A pace unabated, but diminished in 4th quarter

By HOLLAND JOHNSON Medical Device Daily Staff Writer Despite the tragic events
of Sept. 11, mergers and acquisitions (M&A) activities in the medical technology
sector continued through the fourth quarter of 2001, though at a diminished
pace.

Medical Device Daily still reported on about 145 deals with an estimated value
of a little more than $3 billion for 4Q01. Combined with the figures for the
first nine months of the year, MDD reported on some 545 deals for the year with
an estimated value of nearly $33 billion. These numbers represent the rough
value of all the deals with reported acquisition values. The total does not
include deals for which no terms were disclosed. Assumption of debt was not
figured into any of the deal totals.

Abbott Laboratories (Abbott Park, Illinois) purchased genomic disease management
company Vysis (Downers Grove, Illinois) for $355 million in December. Abbott
said that this deal would expand its presence in the molecular diagnostics
market.

Boston Scientific (BSX; Natick, Massachusetts) completed what was a busy year of
M&A activity with two more acquisitions in 4Q01, bringing its yearly deal total
to seven.

Last month, BSX acquired RadioTherapeutics (RTC; Sunnyvale, California), for an
undisclosed sum. RTC manufactures radiofrequency-based therapeutic devices in
the field of interventional oncology. RTC will become part of of BSX's Medi-tech
division, expanding that unit's existing interventional oncology portfolio,
which also includes complementary products for embolization, venous access and
percutaneous drainage.

A couple days later, Boston Sci said it would exercise a pre-existing option to
acquire Smart Therapeutics (San Leandro, California), a development-stage firm
focused on self-expanding technologies for intracranial therapies. BSX is
interested in Smart's line of nitinol stents for the treatment of aneurysms, and
will help that company complete the regulatory process and prepare for
commercial rollout. Terms of the transaction, which still has not been
completed, have not been disclosed.

Medtronic (Minneapolis, Minnesota) was another busy buyer last year. That
med-tech colossus added or announced plans to add five new businesses to the
fold for 2001, with two of those occurring in the fourth quarter.

The company said in December that it would purchase VidaMed (Fremont,
California), maker of the Transurethral Needle Ablation - or TUNA - system for
$326 million. The TUNA system is designed to treat benign prostatic hyperplasia
(also known as enlarged prostate), a non-cancerous condition that affects more
than 23 million men worldwide.

During the same month, Medtronic said it would strengthen its offerings in
gastrointestinal products by purchasing Endonetics (San Diego, California), a
developer of technologies for diagnosing and treating gastroesophageal reflux
disease. Financial terms for that deal were not announced.

An interesting new deal player may have emerged in the form of a split-off
company from Inverness Medical Technology (IMT; Waltham, Massachusetts).
Inverness Medical Innovations (IMI; also Waltham) was created when Johnson &
Johnson (J&J; New Brunswick, New Jersey) acquired IMT in mid-November for close
to $1.3 billion.

The very next month, IMI made two buys of its own. The company first acquired
Unipath's women's health diagnostics subsidiary Unilever (Rotterdam, the
Netherlands) for $216.7 million. Two days later, IMI signed a definitive
agreement to purchase vitamin and nutritional supplement maker IVC Industries
(Freehold, New Jersey) for $5.6 million.

In the scientific instrument and diagnostic arena, several companies reported
success.

Safety products maker Fisher Scientific (Hampton, New Hampshire) reported
hauling in a sizable catch with the purchase of specialty instruments maker
Cole-Parmer Instrument Co. (Vernon Hills, Illinois) for $175 million. Fisher
said it hopes that this buy will boost its sales in the scientific research and
industrial markets.

Precision instrument maker Mettler-Toledo International (Griefensee,
Switzerland) said it would acquire Rainin Instrument (Emeryville, California), a
manufacturer of pipetting solution used in pharmaceutical, biotech and research
applications, for $292.2 million.

Cytyc (Boxborough, Massachusetts), maker of the ThinPrep System for medical
diagnostic applications, purchased Pro-Duct Health (Menlo Park, California) for
$167.5 million. Pro-Duct makes a ductal lavage device designed to enhance the
evaluation of risk for breast cancer.

Quest Diagnostics (Teterboro, New Jersey) completed its acquisition of MedPlus
(Cincinnati, Ohio), a developer of clinical connectivity and data management
solutions for health care organizations and clinicians in November. Quest
acquired the remaining 82% of voting shares of MedPlus stock it did not own for
$2 a share in a cash deal. The following month, Quest also completed its
purchase of Clinical Diagnostic Services (Englewood, New Jersey) for an
undisclosed sum.

Other companies made buys that may one day land them in the big fish pond.

Respironics (Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania) purchased Novametrix Medical Systems
(Wallingford, Connecticut) in a stock-for-stock transaction valued at $90
million. Novametrix is a cardiorespiratory monitoring company, which Respironics
said offers a strong fit "strategically and operationally" to the company.

HealthTronics (Marietta, Georgia), a provider of non-invasive surgical services
to the urological and orthopedic markets, completed the purchase of the Litho
Group, a subsidiary of Integrated Health Services, for $42.5 million in cash.
The Litho group is a provider of lithotripsy services in the U.S.

In November, biologicals product provider Seriologicals (Norcross, Georgia)
signed an agreement to acquire Intergen (Purchase, New York), a private company
that supplies a wide array of biological products and technologies to the life
sciences sector, for $45 million.

In the deals delayed category, the $3.2 billion acquisition of C.R. Bard (Murray
Hill, New Jersey) by the Tyco Healthcare subsidiary of Tyco international
(Pembroke, Bermuda) appears to have been postponed, at least until March 31.
That deal had originally been slated for completion by the end of 2001. Some are
concerned that the deal may not be consummated at all, with completion perhaps
hinging on Federal Trade Commission demands regarding the disposal of certain
business units.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2002 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                              July 4, 2008 Friday
                                   L2 Edition

Kinney reflects on Steppenwolf's first film

BYLINE: By Dann Gire, Daily Herald film critic dgire@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 530 words


Terry Kinney belongs to an elite trio of Chicagoans who, back in 1974, founded
the seminal Steppenwolf Theatre Company and helped put the Windy City on the
international arts radar.

An actor and director of both stage and screen, the 54-year-old downstate
Lincoln native has helmed two feature films. The second, "Diminished Capacity,"
stars Matthew Broderick, Virginia Madsen and Alan Alda. It opens today at the
Century Centre in Chicago and the Renaissance Place in Highland Park.

Although the story is set in Chicago and rural Missouri, the $2 million movie
shot 25 days in New Jersey and New York, with footage from Chicago added later.

Kinney answered five questions by phone:

1. "Diminished Capacity" is the first movie to be released by Steppenwolf Films
(created in 2002). Does the company have a mission statement?

TK: "We want our films to be real, moving, cathartic and human. We're not going
to do too many action films, I think."

2. A few years ago, you turned down an exorbitant amount of money to star in a
disaster movie. Some producer was hounding you to take the job. What happened?

TK: "That was an ex-agent, actually. I look back now, having gone through making
this movie ('Diminished Capacity') for the past two years, and I thinking that I
could have used the money from that job. They said it took place in Chicago, and
that was a real plus. But no, they said they were actually shooting it in
Winnipeg. I said forget about it. They eventually did make it into a movie. I
forget the title. I saw it on TV one night and I watched the beginning, just to
see if I had made the right decision. I think I did. It starts with a tsunami in
Lake Michigan, which I thought was hilarious. Can you picture that?"

3. Is there a difference between Terry Kinney the actor and Terry Kinney the
director?

TK: "I'm always nervous at the start of everything. I doubt myself until I feel
like I'm accepted. That's a terrible trait to have, but I have that trait as an
actor. I think I'm messing up until someone says, 'That's great! I love that.'
Then I feel more confident. Ironically, that's not the way I am as a director.
As a director, I'm quite un-neurotic about it. I don't question my choices
nearly as much, which is why I prefer it."

4. The Cubs are the object of constant affection in your movie. Are you a Cubs
fan?

TK: "Yes, but the last time I went home around Lincoln Lakes, I could see on the
flag poles all these flags for the Cardinals and the Cubs. It's almost like a
civil war in that town! When I told Ernie Banks about this, he thought that was
a shame. He thinks all baseball is one. He said some of his best friends were
Cardinals. It broke my heart. We needed the Cardinals! My dad is 88 years old
and still hasn't seen a pennant or a world series. I'm hoping."

5. Were you surprised that Steppenwolf's Broadway production of Tracy Letts'
"August: Osage County" won five Tonys?

TK: "No. I would have bet my house on each and every one of those Tonys. And I
don't normally watch awards. Tracy is one of my dear friends. This (the play) is
a rare classic. You don't get great American drama like this ever, ever, ever! I
was sure it would sweep the awards and it did!"

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              48 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                   Kansas City Daily Record (Kansas City, MO)

                           February 3, 2005 Thursday

MO Court of Appeals says homeowner gets another chance to collect damages over
faulty repairs

BYLINE: Donna Walter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 617 words


A couple who spent $9,000 to have a sun room built on their Sunrise Beach, Mo.,
home and then spent another $7,000 to have the leaky windows replaced have a
chance to recoup some of their money.

Although a Camden County Circuit Court said St. Clair Corp. breached its
contract with Nick and Donna Stom when it failed to make the necessary repairs,
the trial judge awarded no damages to the Stoms because they failed to present
evidence of the diminished value of their home.

The Missouri Court of Appeals, Southern District, said Judge Bruce Colyer put
the burden of proof on the wrong party and remanded the case back to the trial
court for a determination of damages.

The two sides are miles apart when it comes to calculating damages. The Stoms
want the amount of money they paid another company to replace the windows and
wall pieces - $7,895.27. But St. Clair doesn't want to pay more than the cost of
replacing the screws that had been stripped when the single-pane windows were
replaced with double-pane thermal windows at the Stoms' request - 20 cents per
window. Stripped adjusting screws are what caused the leaks, according to St.
Clair's production supervisor, Mike McCarroll.

The Stoms contracted with Harold Haines Inc. to fix the leakage problem only
after St. Clair did not respond to their request.

The Stoms cited Ken Cucchi Const. Inc. v. O'Keefe, a 1998 Eastern District
decision, to support their argument that, after a landowner presents evidence of
the cost to repair or replace, the burden falls on the contractor to present
evidence that this cost is disproportionate to the diminution of the property
value. Since St. Clair didn't counter the Stoms' evidence of cost with any
evidence of diminished value, it should pay the entire $7,895.27, argued the
couple.

But St. Clair argued on appeal that it substantially complied with the contract
and should only pay for defects due to unskillful labor, defective materials or
other performance problems. In addition, the Stoms failed to present evidence to
contradict McCarroll's cost testimony, and it would be an "unreasonable economic
waste" to allow the couple to collect the full amount paid for rebuilding the
sun room when they could have repaired it at very little cost, argued St. Clair.

The appellate court's explanation of case law indicates each argument has merit.
But the trial court clearly placed the burden of proving diminished value on the
wrong party and was not required to apply a standard that hasn't been proved,
said the appellate court.

"Both Appellants and Respondent presented evidence of cost of repair, albeit
wildly different sums of $7,895.27 and approximately 20 cents per window.
Neither party presented any evidence on diminished value. Under the Ken Cucchi
Const., Inc. case, the trial court erred in applying the law by improperly
placing the burden of production of evidence as to diminished value on
Appellants and not Respondent after Appellants produced evidence of cost of
repair or replacement. Furthermore, the trial court is not required to apply the
diminished value measure of damages where the contractor does not meet its
burden of production. In such situations, the appellate courts have found that
the cost of repair or replacement is the appropriate damages measure, when
homeowners have produced evidence of such cost of repair or replacement,"
explained Judge Phillip R. Garrison for the unanimous panel.

The Court of Appeals declined to judge the credibility of the evidence presented
by each party and remanded the case for a factual determination of the
appropriate cost of repair or replacement consistent with its opinion.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires


                              49 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 27, 2013 Friday

Law schools at a crossroads: Weak job prospects, high tuition causing fewer to
apply

BYLINE: By Katy Murphy kmurphy@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Education; News; Local

LENGTH: 876 words


Across the country last year, 46,000 newly minted law school graduates hit the
job market bearing the crushing weight of their student-loan debts.

Nine months later, only 27,000 had found full-time jobs as lawyers. At two major
Bay Area law schools -- Golden Gate University and the University of San
Francisco -- only one in four had settled into law jobs.

"Legal education is in crisis," said Frank Wu, chancellor at Hastings College of
the Law. "Nobody has seen anything like this. There are too many lawyers, there
are too many law students and there are too many law schools."

Once considered a sure bet for a stable, well-compensated career, law has become
a riskier gamble. It's not only harder to become a lawyer now, it has become
much more costly. As California and other states withdraw support from public
universities and schools chase rankings that reward them for spending more,
tuition goes up and up, forcing students to borrow $100,000 or even $200,000 to
earn their degrees.

A law degree from UC Berkeley now costs $150,000 in tuition and fees, double the
cost of just five years ago. Hefty hikes at other Bay Area law schools have
brought their costs to similar levels.

"I have a huge looming debt and no job, so it is really high-anxiety and
stressful," said Lila Milford, a third-year Santa Clara University law student
looking for intellectual property work in trademark or copyright law.

"I knew it was going to be challenging," she said. "I didn't know how
challenging."

Would-be applicants are taking note; across the country, the number of people
applying to law school has fallen by nearly a third since 2010, the lowest
number in more than a decade.

Law schools are under pressure from all sides: Prospective students balk at the
high tuition, while firms assert that graduates leave school unequipped to
practice law. Even President Barack Obama made waves last month by a suggesting
that law school take two years, instead of three.

"The third year they'd be better off clerking or practicing in a firm, even if
they weren't getting paid that much," said Obama, who once taught at the
University of Chicago Law School. "But that step alone would reduce the cost for
the student."

Last week, an American Bar Association task force described the crisis in stark
terms, noting mounting financial pressures on law schools, high student debt,
years of sharply falling applications, and "the predicament of so many students
and recent graduates who may never procure the sort of employment they
anticipated when they enrolled."

The report called for sweeping changes in legal education, such as greater
flexibility in what law schools must teach and how, and new licensing programs
for basic legal services now too expensive for most Americans to afford. The
financial crisis forced the bar association to consider solutions that had been
floating around for decades, said Bob Gordon, a professor at Stanford.

"I think it's pretty clear it's going to be a shake-up in this market, given the
drastic decline in applications," he said.

Like many other fields, the legal profession has been upended by do-it-yourself
software, overseas outsourcing, public sector cuts and corporate clients
demanding that big law firms lower their charges.

Faculty at Hastings, UC Berkeley and Santa Clara University said they are
responding by giving their students more practical experience during their
second and third years by adding legal clinics and "externships" with local
organizations and companies.

This past fall, Hastings cut the size of its first-year law class by more than
20 percent. It was the only responsible thing to do, its chancellor said, given
the number of deeply indebted lawyers in a troubled job market. Santa Clara is
doing far more to help its students network and find jobs, said Bradley
Joondeph, a law professor and associate dean of its law school.

Law student James Giacchetti -- who was able to work under attorneys in Santa
Clara County's misdemeanor court -- said he is determined to establish a career
as a public defender, even if it's tough going at first.

"It's not as if we entered law school blindly," said Giacchetti, a second-year
law student at Santa Clara. "It's not a bad thing to have a (law degree). You
have to consider that this is an investment in a career and not just a
short-term way of making money."

Joondeph and Wu said some of their graduates are finding high-paying work in new
jobs where legal training is preferred but not required, such as compliance
officers who oversee employee privacy policies. About 13 percent of Santa
Clara's graduates landed one of those jobs, full-time, in addition to the 45
percent who found full-time legal work.

The uncertain law school payoff -- though stressful for all involved -- has led
to at least one welcome change: Professors are noticing that more of their
students seem to be actually interested in practicing law.

"I don't think that law school is any longer the refuge it was 20 years ago for
the liberal arts student who graduates from college and isn't sure what he or
she wants to do," said Charles Weisselberg, a UC Berkeley law professor and
associate dean.

"People are more deliberate ... and that's a good thing."

Follow Katy Murphy atTwitter.com/katymurphy .

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Stanford University law professor Bob Gordon teaches class on Sept. 24,
2013. Gordon thinks it's time for the American Bar Association to relax some of
its rules for law schools so that they can teach a more varied curriculum and
include cheaper, faster tracks for some legal services. With applications down
and job prospects for their heavily indebted graduates diminished, law schools
are in trouble. First, President Obama, and then the American Bar Association,
have suggested sweeping changes to legal education, from shaving off a year to
changing tenure requirements for law professors. (Dai Sugano/Bay Area News
Group)
Stanford University law degree student Cassandra Kildow asks a question during
Bob Gordon's law class on Sept. 24, 2013. Gordon thinks it's time for the
American Bar Association to relax some of its rules for law schools so that they
can teach a more varied curriculum and include cheaper, faster tracks for some
legal services. With applications down and job prospects for their heavily
indebted graduates diminished, law schools are in trouble. First, President
Obama, and then the American Bar Association, have suggested sweeping changes to
legal education, from shaving off a year to changing tenure requirements for law
professors. (Dai Sugano/Bay Area News Group)
Stanford University law degree student Donna Long looks at her text book during
Bob Gordon's law class on Sept. 24, 2013. Gordon thinks it's time for the
American Bar Association to relax some of its rules for law schools so that they
can teach a more varied curriculum and include cheaper, faster tracks for some
legal services. With applications down and job prospects for their heavily
indebted graduates diminished, law schools are in trouble. First, President
Obama, and then the American Bar Association, have suggested sweeping changes to
legal education, from shaving off a year to changing tenure requirements for law
professors. (Dai Sugano/Bay Area News Group)
A Stanford University law professor Bob Gordon teaches his law class on Sept.
24, 2013. Gordon thinks it's time for the American Bar Association to relax some
of its rules for law schools so that they can teach a more varied curriculum and
include cheaper, faster tracks for some legal services. With applications down
and job prospects for their heavily indebted graduates diminished, law schools
are in trouble. First, President Obama, and then the American Bar Association,
have suggested sweeping changes to legal education, from shaving off a year to
changing tenure requirements for law professors. (Dai Sugano/Bay Area News
Group)
A Stanford University law professor Bob Gordon teaches his law class on Sept.
24, 2013. Gordon thinks it's time for the American Bar Association to relax some
of its rules for law schools so that they can teach a more varied curriculum and
include cheaper, faster tracks for some legal services. With applications down
and job prospects for their heavily indebted graduates diminished, law schools
are in trouble. First, President Obama, and then the American Bar Association,
have suggested sweeping changes to legal education, from shaving off a year to
changing tenure requirements for law professors. (Dai Sugano/Bay Area News
Group)
A Stanford University law professor Bob Gordon talks with his students after his
law class on Sept. 24, 2013. Gordon thinks it's time for the American Bar
Association to relax some of its rules for law schools so that they can teach a
more varied curriculum and include cheaper, faster tracks for some legal
services. With applications down and job prospects for their heavily indebted
graduates diminished, law schools are in trouble. First, President Obama, and
then the American Bar Association, have suggested sweeping changes to legal
education, from shaving off a year to changing tenure requirements for law
professors. (Dai Sugano/Bay Area News Group)
A Stanford University law professor Bob Gordon teaches his law class on Sept.
24, 2013. Gordon thinks it's time for the American Bar Association to relax some
of its rules for law schools so that they can teach a more varied curriculum and
include cheaper, faster tracks for some legal services. With applications down
and job prospects for their heavily indebted graduates diminished, law schools
are in trouble. First, President Obama, and then the American Bar Association,
have suggested sweeping changes to legal education, from shaving off a year to
changing tenure requirements for law professors. (Dai Sugano/Bay Area News
Group)
A Stanford University law professor Bob Gordon teaches his law class on Sept.
24, 2013. Gordon thinks it's time for the American Bar Association to relax some
of its rules for law schools so that they can teach a more varied curriculum and
include cheaper, faster tracks for some legal services. With applications down
and job prospects for their heavily indebted graduates diminished, law schools
are in trouble. First, President Obama, and then the American Bar Association,
have suggested sweeping changes to legal education, from shaving off a year to
changing tenure requirements for law professors. (Dai Sugano/Bay Area News
Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                                 April 11, 2005

Kentucky Court of Appeals says med-mal plaintiff can recover for 'lost chance of
survival'

BYLINE: Lawyers Weekly USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 251  words


A plaintiff in a medical malpractice case can recover for her diminished chance
of recovery or survival, the Kentucky Court of Appeals has ruled.

The plaintiff sued her doctor for failing to diagnose her terminal stomach
cancer. A jury found in favor of the defendant. But the Court of Appeals
remanded the case for a new trial so that the jury could be instructed on the
loss-of-chance doctrine.

The court noted that Kentucky historically had adhered to the traditional "all
or nothing" rule, under which a medical malpractice plaintiff recovers nothing
unless he or she can show a reasonable probability of recovery or survival
absent the doctor's negligence. Under the loss-of-chance doctrine, by contrast,
a plaintiff may recover upon proof that a physician's breach of the standard of
care was a substantial factor that caused a diminished chance of recovery or
survival.

The court held that "a lost chance of recovery/survival should be recognized as
a legally compensable injury in medical malpractice cases where the chance of
recovery/survival is 50 percent or less before the negligent act or omission. "

To maintain an action for lost chance of recovery/survival, a plaintiff "must
still prove that defendant breached the applicable standard of care and that
such breach was a substantial factor in causing a diminished chance of
recovery/survival from the underlying disease or injury. "

Gordon v. Kemper (Lawyers Weekly USA No. 9930436) Kentucky Court of Appeals No.
2002-CA-001983-MR. March 25, 2005.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Rating Changes

                          December 26, 1997, Saturday

Compiled by Yong Lim




Dollar amounts represents the amount of bonds outstanding in the issue.
Rating changes that result from the purchase of the letters of credit or
bond insurance for issues in the secondary market are not included.

ISSUER   AMOUNT   CHANGE
BOND   (000S)   TO   FROM   NAME   COMMENTS

    California Health Facility Authority, variable-rate bonds, Series 1993
A-C (Kaiser Permanente)   160,000   A+/A1+   AA/A1+   S&P   The downgrade
reflects pressures related to Kaiser's growth and change in a more
competitive environmental, increasing operating volatility, and diminished
rate flexibility.
    California Statewide Communities Development Authority, certificates of
participation, Series 1995 (Kaiser Foundation Hospitals & Kaiser Foundation
Health Plan Inc.)   139,600   A+/A1+   AA/A1+   S&P   The downgrade
reflects pressures related to Kaiser's growth and change in a more
competitive environmental, increasing operating volatility, and diminished
rate flexibility.
    Chicago, Ill., floating-rate airport special facility revenue bonds,
Series 1984 (CSX Beckett Aviation Inc.)   3,500   AA+/A1+   AA/A1+   S&P
The
upgrade reflects a letter of credit from First Bank, which replaced one
from First National Bank of Chicago.
    Clackamas County Hospital Facilities Authority, Ore., semiannual tender
revenue bonds, Series 1984 (Kaiser Permanente Medical Care)   16,500
A+/A1+   AA/A1+   S&P   The downgrade reflects pressures related to
Kaiser's growth and change in a more competitive environmental, increasing
operating volatility, and diminished rate flexibility.
    Clackamas County Hospital Facilities Authority, Ore., revenue bonds,
Series 1991A (Kaiser Permanente Medical Care)   16,535   A-plus   AA   S&P
The downgrade reflects pressures related to Kaiser's growth and change in a
more competitive environmental, increasing operating volatility, and
diminished rate flexibility.
    Colorado Health Facility Authority, revenue bonds, Series 1994A (Kaiser
Permanente Medical Care)   42,000   A+/A1+   AA/A1+   S&P   The
downgrade reflects pressures related to Kaiser's growth and change in a
more competitive environmental, increasing operating volatility, and
diminished rate flexibility.
    Colorado Health Facility Authority, revenue bonds, Series 1995A (Kaiser
Foundation Hospitals & Kaiser Foundation Health Plan Inc.)   40,200
A+/A1+   AA/A1+   S&P   The downgrade reflects pressures related to
Kaiser's growth and change in a more competitive environmental, increasing
operating volatility, and diminished rate flexibility.
    Council Bluffs, Iowa, pollution control revenue bonds, Series 1981
(Iowa-Illinois Gas & Electric Co.)   12,750   AA-minus   A-plus   S&P
The corporate beneficiary, Iowa-Illinois Gas & Electric Co., was upgraded.
    Dormitory Authority of the State of New York, higher education bonds
(Dowling College)   1,150   Ba2   Baa3   Moody's   The downgrade is
based on highly leveraged position, and deteriorating operating reserves,
weak cash flow from operations, and continued sluggishness in first-time
freshman enrollment.
    Erie County, Pa., general obligation bonds   42,520   A3   A1
Moody's   The downgrade is based on weakened financial position following
depletion of reserves, high debt level, and weak socioeconomic indices.
    Erie County Housing Authority, Pa., revenue bonds   1,795   A3   A1
Moody's   The downgrade is based on weakened financial position following
depletion of reserves, high debt level, and weak socioeconomic indices.
    Eutaw Industrial Development Board, Ala., pollution control revenue
refunding bonds, Series 1992 (Mississippi Power Co./Greene County Plant
project)   6,550   AA-/A1   A+/A1   S&P   The corporate beneficiary,
Mississippi Power Co., was upgraded.
    Falls Church Industrial Development Authority, Va., revenue bonds,
Series 1995 (Kaiser Permanente Medical Care)   10,700   A+/A1+   AA/A1+
S&P
The downgrade reflects pressures related to Kaiser's growth and change in a
more competitive environmental, increasing operating volatility, and
diminished rate flexibility.
    Harrison County, Miss., Miss., pollution control revenue refunding
bonds, Series 1992 (Mississippi Power Co.)   16,750   AA-/A1   A+/A1   S&P
The corporate beneficiary, Mississippi Power Co., was upgraded.
    Hawaii State Department of Budget & Finance, semiannual tender revenue
bonds, Series 1984B (Kaiser Permanente Medical Care)   30,000   A+/A1+
AA/A1+   S&P   The downgrade reflects pressures related to Kaiser's growth
and change in a more competitive environmental, increasing operating
volatility, and diminished rate flexibility.
    Hawaii State Department of Budget & Finance, special purpose revenue
bonds, Series 1991A (Kaiser Permanente Medical Care)   26,565   A-plus   AA
S&P   The downgrade reflects pressures related to Kaiser's growth and
change in a more competitive environmental, increasing operating
volatility, and diminished rate flexibility.
    Hawaii State Department of Budget & Finance, semiannual tender revenue
bonds, Series 1995A (Kaiser Foundation Hospitals & Kaiser Foundation Health
Plan Inc.)   10,800   A+/A1+   AA/A1+   S&P   The downgrade reflects
pressures related to Kaiser's growth and change in a more competitive
environmental, increasing operating volatility, and diminished rate
flexibility.
    Illinois Development Finance Authority, variable-rate demand pollution
control revenue bonds, Series 1984A (Central Illinois Public Service Co.)
32,000   A+/A1+   AA/A1+   S&P   The corporate beneficiary, Central
Illinois
Public Service Co., was downgraded.
    Illinois Development Finance Authority, pollution control revenue
bonds, Series 1990A (Central Illinois Public Service Co.)   20,000   A-
plus   AA   S&P   The corporate beneficiary, Central Illinois Public
Service Co., was downgraded.
    Illinois Development Finance Authority, pollution control revenue
refunding bonds, Series 1993A (Central Illinois Public Service Co.)
35,000   A-plus   AA   S&P   The corporate beneficiary, Central Illinois
Public Service Co., was downgraded.
    Illinois Development Finance Authority, pollution control revenue
refunding bonds, Series 1993 B1 & B2 (Central Illinois Public Service Co.)
35,000   A-plus   AA   S&P   The corporate beneficiary, Central Illinois
Public Service Co., was downgraded.
    Illinois Development Finance Authority, pollution control revenue
refunding bonds, Series 1993-C1 (Central Illinois Public Service Co.)
35,000   A-plus   AA   S&P   The corporate beneficiary, Central Illinois
Public Service Co., was downgraded.
    Illinois Development Finance Authority, pollution control revenue
refunding bonds, Series 1993-C2 (Central Illinois Public Service Co.)
25,000   A-plus   AA   S&P   The corporate beneficiary, Central Illinois
Public Service Co., was downgraded.
    Illinois Development Finance Authority, pollution control revenue
refunding bonds, Series 1990B (Central Illinois Public Service Co.)
32,000   A-plus   AA   S&P   The corporate beneficiary, Central Illinois
Public Service Co., was downgraded.
    Illinois Industrial Pollution Control Finance Authority, environmental
improvement mortgage revenue bonds, Series 1979 (Central Illinois Public
Service Co./Newton project)   1,000   AA-minus   AA-plus   S&P   The
corporate beneficiary, Central Illinois Public Service Co., was downgraded.
    Illinois Industrial Pollution Control Finance Authority, environmental
improvement mortgage revenue bonds, Series 1979B (Central Illinois Public
Service Co.)   35,000   AA-minus   AA-plus   S&P   The corporate
beneficiary, Central Illinois Public Service Co., was downgraded.
    Jackson County, Miss., environmental quality revenue bonds, Series 1977
(Mississippi Power Co.)   1,000   AA-minus   A-plus   S&P   The
corporate beneficiary, Mississippi Power Co., was upgraded.
    Kaiser Permanente, taxable securities, Series 1989-91 (Kaiser
Foundation Hospitals & Kaiser Foundation Health Plan Inc.)   366,395   A-
plus   AA   S&P   The downgrade reflects pressures related to
Kaiser's growth and change in a more competitive environmental, increasing
operating volatility, and diminished rate flexibility.
    Louisa County, Iowa, pollution control revenue bonds, Series 1981
(Iowa-Illinois Gas & Electric Co.)   25,000   AA-minus   A-plus   S&P
The corporate beneficiary, Iowa-Illinois Gas & Electric Co., was upgraded.
    Louisa County, Iowa, pollution control revenue bonds, Series 1982
(Iowa-Illinois Gas & Electric Co.)   8,000   AA-minus   A-plus   S&P
The corporate beneficiary, Iowa-Illinois Gas & Electric Co., was upgraded.
    Maryland Health & Higher Educational Facilities Authority, revenue
bonds, Series 1995A (Kaiser Foundation Hospitals & Kaiser Foundation Health
Plan Inc.)   17,600   A+/A1+   AA/A1+   S&P   The downgrade reflects
pressures related to Kaiser's growth and change in a more competitive
environmental, increasing operating volatility, and diminished rate
flexibility.
    Mississippi Business Finance Corp., solid waste disposal revenue bonds,
Series 1995 (Mississippi Power Co.)   10,600   AA-/A1   A+/A1   S&P   The
corporate beneficiary, Mississippi Power Co., was upgraded.
    North Central Texas Health Facility Development Corp., revenue bonds,
Series 1995A (Kaiser Foundation Hospitals & Kaiser Foundation Health Plan
Inc.)   3,700   A+/A1+   AA/A1+   S&P   The downgrade reflects pressures
related to Kaiser's growth and change in a more competitive environmental,
increasing operating volatility, and diminished rate flexibility.
    Paterson, N.J., general obligation bonds   5,265   Baa2   Baa1
Moody's   The downgrade is based on weak credit fundamentals, poor
socioeconomic indices, and above average debt levels.
    Pflugerville Independent School District, Tex., general obligation
bonds   500   A-plus   A   S&P   The upgrade is based on rapid tax
base growth and strong financial performance.
    Redlands, Calif., general obligation bonds   7,100   A   AA-minus
S&P   The downgrade results from revenue loss due to voter-denied utility
user tax (Proposition 218), the absence of an offsetting spending
reduction, and limited revenue-raising ability.
    San Miguel County School District No. R-1, Colo., general obligation
bonds   12,200   BBB-plus   BBB   S&P   The upgrade reflects rising
wealth and income indicators and increased year-round economic activity.
    Snohomish County School District No. 311, Wash., general obligation
bonds   10,900   A3   Baa1   Moody's   The upgrade is based on healthy
Puget Sound economy, sound financial operations, and modest debt levels.
    St. Tammany Public Trust Finance Authority, La., variable-rate demand
mortgage revenue bonds, Series 1995B (Christwood)   8,000   A/A1   A-
minus/A2   S&P   The rating change reflects an upgrade of Banque
Paribas, which provides a standby bond purchase agreement.
    Suffolk County Industrial Development Agency, N.Y., higher education
bonds (Dowling College)   19,930   Ba2   Baa3   Moody's   The downgrade is
based on highly leveraged position, and deteriorating operating reserves,
weak cash flow from operations, and continued sluggishness in first-time
freshman enrollment.
    Troy, N.Y., general obligation bonds   2,320   B1   B
Moody's   The upgrade is based on significant progress in restoring fiscal
stability.
    Utah Housing Finance Agency, single-family revenue bonds, Series 1995A
1,925   AA   AAA   S&P   The rating agency did not provide an
explanation for the downgrade.
    West Virginia Housing Development Fund,  mortgage revenue bonds
x,xxx   AA-plus   AA   S&P   The upgrade is based on an excellent
financial performance, a strong asset portfolio, a conservative management
philosophy, and a stable economy.
    West Virginia Housing Development Fund, revenue bonds, Series 1971A
6,930   AA-plus   AA   S&P   The upgrade is based on an excellent
financial performance, a strong asset portfolio, a conservative management
philosophy, and a stable economy.
    West Virginia Housing Development Fund, revenue bonds, Series 1990A
(Community Provider Financing Project)   8,360   AA-plus   AA   S&P   The
upgrade is based on an excellent financial performance, a strong asset
portfolio, a conservative management philosophy, and a stable economy.

Copyright c 1997 American Banker, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.bondbuyer.com


SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 2427 words

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                              52 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                             June 19, 2008 Thursday
                                   1 Edition

Around Town;
Around Town

SECTION: LAGUNABEACH; Pg. NewsH

LENGTH: 533 words


ZERO TRASH FOUNDER HONORED

Laguna Beach Business Club will honor Chip McDermott, founder of Zero Trash at
7:30 a.m. today  at Hotel Laguna, 425 S. Coast Hwy. Catalina Room. McDermott
grew tired of seeing trash on city streets and beaches so he started Zero Trash
Laguna (   www.zerotrashlaguna.org) and created a community event known as "1st
Saturday" where volunteers adopt a street and remove as much trash as they can
in two hours. He also petitioned the city to add trash receptacles, to start
street recycling and to install public ashtrays. Admission is $25, which
includes buffet breakfast. RSVP: 949-769-3600 or    jwolff@wolff-law.com For
more information about the business club:www.LagunaBeachBusinessClub.com.

FILM SOCIETY SCREENS  'DIMINISHED CAPACITY'

Laguna Beach Film Society will screen Mathew Broderick's new film, "Diminished
Capacity," written by Laguna Beach resident Sherwood Kiraly, at 7 p.m. tonight
at South Coast Cinema. Short on short-term memory after a concussion, Chicago
newspaper editor Cooper (Broderick) has been demoted from the political pages to
the comics and decides to take a trip home to Missouri to check on his
Alzheimer's afflicted Uncle Rollie (Alan Alda). Uncle has a mint-condition
baseball card collection, and Cooper decides that they can make it rich selling
the antique cards at the memorabilia show in Chicago. Cooper ropes in his
childhood sweetheart, Charlotte, (Virginia Madsen) and the three set off on a
road trip pitting these men of muddled memories against the slick salesmen of
commercialized nostalgia. For $20 you can join the members of the Laguna Beach
Film Society at 6 p.m. at the Laguna Art Museum for wine, hors d'oeuvres, and
pre-film discussion with your ticket; or pay $15 at the theater for the movie
alone. The film and reception is free for film society members.
Information:jstory@lagunaartmueseum.org

FRIENDS OF THE LIBRARY SCREENS 'DIMINISHED CAPACITY'

The Laguna Beach Friends of the Library will screen "Diminished Capacity" at 7
p.m. tonight Thursday, June 19. Proceeds go to collecting $100,000 for new
lighting at the library; the work begins the end of August. There will be an
after screening reception at 9:15 p.m. at K'ya restaurant, 1287 S. Coast Hwy.
Cost: $100; $35 screening only. RSVP: Martha Lydick at 949-497-7053 or Sandy
Hovanesian at 949-376-5135.

'ALEXANDROS'

The world premiere run of "Alexandros," Laguna Playhouse's final show of the
2007-2008 season, runs through June 30. Performances will be at 8 p.m. Tuesday
to Saturday, 2 p.m. matinees Saturdays and Sundays, plus an extra Sunday
performance at 7 p.m. June 22. Cost: $25-$65. Students, teachers and military
with ID get half-price tickets select nights. Information and tickets:
949-497-2787 orwww.LagunaPlayhouse.com.

Longtime supporters of the Friendship Shelter are planning a 20th anniversary
celebration Thursday, Sept. 18. The event, Art of Getting Home, will feature art
and music. Invitations will be mailed Aug. 1. Pictured are event chairperson
Jill Edwards, right, with longstanding supporters, from left, Barbara
MacGillivray and Kathleen Abel with Friendship Shelter Executive Director Carol
Rhoads, at the 2007 Art of Getting Home.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2008 The Orange County Register (California)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 24, 1993, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Theater in Review

BYLINE: By LAWRENCE VAN GELDER

SECTION: Section C; Page 17; Column 3; Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 427 words


Diminished Capacity
New Group
432 West 42d Street
Clinton
Through July 1

By Tom Dulack; directed by Scott Elliott; design director, Zaniz; technical
director, Kurt S. Nelson; sound by Tom Kochan; production stage manager,
Michelle Malloy McIntyre. Presented by the New Group, Sam Schacht and Mr.
Elliott, artistic directors.
WITH: Hayley Barr, Chris Delaney, James DeMarse, Neal Jones, Mitchell McGuire
and Isiah Whitlock.

Give Tom Dulack a revolver and a tape recorder, and he knows just what to do.

Mr. Dulack is a playwright, and as his latest effort, "Diminished Capacity,"
illustrates, a playwright able to create literate, complex characters and
involve them in engrossing conflict and rousing action. So before a night with
Mr. Dulack and the talented New Group Theater Company ends, that revolver is
going to get a workout, and that tape recorder is going to capture statements
that more than one character might regret having to account for.

"Diminished Capacity" unfolds in the chambers of Frank Troy, a burned-out New
York State Supreme Court justice on the morning after his father has died. He's
sparring with the pretty young Fordham Law School student who is his summer
intern. He has his mother on the phone trying to persuade him to go to the
funeral of the father he never really liked. He has a particularly vicious
habitual criminal coming up for sentencing. He has a crowded calendar to clear
in a session with an Assistant District Attorney and an extremely harried Legal
Aid defender (portrayed in a standout turn by Neal Jones). He has an old
colleague who wants a favor: intervene with the District Attorney in behalf of a
wealthy client who just happened to throw his wife out a window 25 floors above
Park Avenue while supposedly in a state of diminished capacity after drinking.

Frank Troy drinks, too. He keeps a vodka bottle in his desk. And this morning he
turns to it frequently. He has a pistol in the desk as well, but nobody knows
about that until that particularly vicious habitual criminal seizes the pretty
young intern, bursts into the judge's chambers and threatens to splatter a few
walls with blood unless arrangements are made to get him to a place he calls
Islam.

An extra dollop of the suspension of disbelief is required at the start of Act
II, but once the action cranks up again and Mr. Dulack's lawyers start tossing
their arguments and schemes back and forth, while that pistol sits on the desk
and that tape recorder turns, "Diminished Capacity" remains gripping right to
its finish.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              54 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                Diminished Value

                              4264 SW Plumeria Way
                              Beaverton,  OR 97007
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.diminishedvalue.net

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   DIMINISHED VALUE? *Free Diminished Value Estimate* Diminished Value
Appraisal, 100% Guaranteed. To successfully claim Diminished Value you need
Ýread more...¨

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              55 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             January 7, 2011 Friday

Oriakhi's rebound numbers have diminished since Huskies' Maui title

BYLINE: Gavin Keefe, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 668 words


Jan. 07--Here's a startling statistic:

Three UConn men's basketball players have more rebounds than big man Alex
Oriakhi in the last three games.

That's the same Oriakhi who had 17 rebounds against Michigan State and 11
rebounds versus Kentucky in UConn's surprising run to the Maui Invitational
title in late November.

Oriakhi's production has tailed off significantly since that impressive
performance.

In the last three games, two of which were road losses to Big East foes
Pittsburgh and Notre Dame, Oriakhi, a muscular 6-foot-9, 240-pound
forward/center, has a total of 10 rebounds.

Junior Kemba Walker, a 6-1 guard, has 19 rebounds, followed by 6-8 forward
Roscoe Smith, with 17, and 6-5 swingman Jeremy Lamb (14). Even Shabazz Napier,
who's generously listed at 6-0, has 10 rebounds.

Something clearly has gone south for Oriakhi, who's not the only concern in a
frontcourt that has struggled in recent weeks.

No. 8 UConn (11-2) is hoping that Oriakhi regains his rebounding prowess by the
time it plays at No. 12 Texas (12-2) Saturday afternoon at the Erwin Center in
Austin.

The Huskies arrived in Texas Wednesday following a 73-70 loss at No. 15 Notre
Dame on Tuesday. Oriakhi had his worst game this season, finishing with zero
points and six rebounds -- none on the offensive end -- in 23 minutes before
fouling out.

"We've had some time down here (Wednesday night), and then today we'll have some
more time, to show him tape," coach Jim Calhoun said Thursday. "Just simply, he
doesn't realize that he's not going after rebounds offensively like he did at
some time.

"We're just trying the best we can in certain ways to try to relax him and try
to get him to understand that he's a really good player. ... He's putting
pressure on himself."

Since the regular season ended in disappointment last March with a second-round
NIT loss at Virginia Tech, no one has worked harder than Oriakhi on improving
his all-around game.

Oriakhi basically lives in Gampel Pavilion, spending extra time in the weight
room and on the basketball court. His work ethic and commitment resulted in a
fast start for Oriakhi, and not so coincidentally the Huskies, who opened with
10 straight wins. He had double figures in points and rebounds three times in
the first five games but has none since.

Following Friday's overtime win over South Florida, during which Oriakhi had
only three rebounds in 41 minutes, Calhoun told the sophomore to take a break
from his extra workout for a day.

"I'm going to be hard on Alex, and I told him that," Calhoun said after that
game. "Alex is a very talented kid who's got to do more. ... My own personal
opinion, Alex is fighting himself too much.

"He goes into the gym and he shoots for hours every night, along with Jeremy
(Lamb) and some of the other young guys. He really, really works hard. He may be
pressing. He's a great kid. We need him, without question. But we need him to
rebound a little better, too."

In Tuesday's game against Notre Dame, Oriakhi's funk continued. He missed his
only three shots and went without an offensive rebound. He still leads the team
in rebounding average at 8.4 per game to go with 10.5 points.

Now Texas and its athletic, talented frontcourt looms. The Longhorns have
outrebounded 12 of their 14 opponents, and hold an 8.1 edge in rebounding
margin.

Without at least one reliable inside presence, odds favor the Huskies will
likely falter again.

"We've just got to get better," Calhoun said. "Texas has got some terrific
players. Tristan Thomas is one of the best young big guys in the country. Corey
Joseph is a terrific player and, obviously, Jordan Hamilton.

"We've got more than our work cut out for us. It's a big game."

g.keefe@theday.com

To see more of The Day, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theday.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Day, New London, Conn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110107-NL-Oriakhi-s-rebound-numbers-have-diminished
-since-Huskies-Maui-title-0107-20110107

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2011 The Day


                              56 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              LNP (Lancaster, PA)

                           August 26, 2015 Wednesday

Possible Defense Strategy Possible Defense?;
Court 'Diminished Capacity' In Killing Of Millersville Coed? What's Next The
Background

BYLINE: Tom Knapp

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 661  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


TOM KNAPP

TKNAPP@LNPNEWS.COM

The Chester County man accused of killing his girlfriend in her Millersville
University dormitory in February might rely on a "diminished capacity" defense
when his case goes to trial.

Gregorio Orrostieta, 20, is accused of fatally beating and strangling
18-year-old Karlie Hall, a Millersville freshman from Chadds Ford, on Feb. 8.

During a brief pre-trial conference Tuesday, public defender John Churchville
asked Judge Donald Totaro for a 60-day continuance to give him time to consult
with a forensic expert, psychiatrist or psychologist and determine if they will
proceed with a diminished capacity defense.

Churchville said Orrostieta's family is attempting to hire a private attorney in
the meantime.

"I am not going to delay trial for that purpose," Totaro said, noting the family
has had plenty of time to obtain counsel.

Orrostieta, dressed in a green prison uniform, sat in handcuffs for the
20-minute conference. He remained silent, only answering "yes, your honor," and
"no, your honor" to several procedural questions posed to him by the judge.

Assistant District Attorney Susan Ellison, who is prosecuting the case, said she
submitted 276 pages of discovery - details of the evidence gathered against
Orrostieta - to the defense, as well as surveillance video from the hall outside
Hall's dorm on the night of her death and during an incident last October.

Ellison also has provided urology and DNA reports and statements from civilian
witnesses. More are pending, she said. Ellison said she expects the trial will
take a week at most.

Totaro did not immediately set a trial date, but said the weeks of Jan. 4 or
Jan. 11 are likely to accommodate the schedules of MU students who will act as
witnesses in the trial. Classes are not in session during those weeks.

A suppression hearing will be scheduled for late October or early November.

Ellison and Churchville both declined to comment on the case following the
conference.

Orrostieta told police he and Hall got into a fight in her room in Bard Hall,
that he pushed her and hit her in the face with the back of his hand, after
which she became unresponsive, according to previous reports.

He called 911 around 5 a.m. and reported that Hall had a heart attack. He was
giving her CPR when medical help arrived.

But District Attorney Craig Stedman said the CPR attempt was fake and Hall had
been dead for several hours by the time Orrostieta called for help.

Stedman said in February the MU freshman "fought for her life" while being
beaten and ultimately strangled.

"She was not hit just one or two times," he said at the time. "She suffered a
lot of blows."

According to the affidavit, Orrostieta had blood on his face, hands and jeans
during an interview with police after Hall's death, as well as a cut on his
forehead, scratch marks on his chest and a torn shirt.

Officials said Hall and Orrostieta had been dating since high school.

The homicide was the university's first. Orrostieta is being held without bail
at Lancaster County Prison.

n A "diminished capacity" plea differs in important ways from "not guilty by
reason of insanity."

 A successful plea of insanity will, in most states, result in a verdict of "not
guilty" and commission of the defendant to a mental institution. "Diminished
capacity," on the other hand, merely results in the defendant being convicted of
a lesser offense.

 The diminished capacity plea is based in the belief that certain people,
because of mental impairment or disease, are simply incapable of reaching the
mental state required to commit a particular crime. In the example of murder, a
diminished capacity defense contends that a defendant is incapable of intending
to cause a death, and therefore must have at most caused such a death
recklessly. Thus, a successful plea of diminished capacity in a murder trial
would likely result in the charge being reduced to manslaughter.

- SOURCE: The Legal Information Institute at Cornell University Law School

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Gregorio Orrostieta

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 LNP Media Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Columbian (Vancouver, Washington)

                            January 11, 2011 Tuesday

Storro to undergo mental health evaluation

BYLINE: By Laura McVicker Columbian staff writer

SECTION: CLARK COUNTY; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 414 words



HIGHLIGHT: Bethany Storro

Theft trial scheduled for March 9

---




The attorneys handling the case of Bethany Storro have requested a mental
evaluation to determine whether she could form criminal intent when she
accepted donations on her own behalf after falsely claiming to be the victim of
an acid attack.

Clark County Prosecutor Tony Golik and defense attorney Andrew Wheeler filed a
joint motion on Friday, requesting that Storro be evaluated at Western State
Hospital near Tacoma. Clark County Superior Court Judge John Nichols signed the
order.
The 28-year-old woman sparked a worldwide media firestorm when she hatched a
story about an unknown black woman throwing acid in her face Aug. 30. She later
admitted her injuries were self-inflicted.
She is charged with three counts of second-degree theft for donations received
under false pretenses.
According to court papers, Storro will be evaluated for insanity, which is
defined as the inability to appreciate the quality of your actions or not
knowing right from wrong, and diminished capacity, or the inability to form
intent.
Wheeler said Monday he's mainly looking at whether Storro suffered from
diminished capacity, but he added that the evaluation will be broad.
He declined to comment on his defense, except to say: "This is definitely one
of those cases where we're learning more and more every day about her mental
state."
Storro, who has been staying at a Vancouver residential mental health facility,
will not be confined at the state hospital for evaluation, as jailed defendants
normally are. She will be evaluated at the Steilacoom-based hospital on a day
sometime before her March 9 trial date, Wheeler said.
The court motion requests that two state experts on insanity and diminished
capacity conduct the evaluation.
Generally, insanity or diminished capacity defenses are tough to prove and
rarely successful.
The standard sentencing range for second-degree theft is two to five months in
jail.
After Storro fabricated the story of being attacked with acid near Esther Short
Park, the community responded, donating nearly $28,000 to cover her medical
costs. Her felony charges relate to donations she received from Safeway,
Anytime Fitness and a California resident, Michael Kite.
According to the charges, Storro spent part of the money on clothes, dinner and
a train ticket before admitting to police that the attack was a hoax.
She told investigators that she wanted to die or get a new face, according to
court documents.
Laura McVicker: 360-735-4516 or
laura.mcvicker@columbian.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 The Columbian Publishing Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Southeast Texas Record

                            November 3, 2015 Tuesday

Galveston County man sues GEICO in car insurance dispute

BYLINE: Robbie Hargett

LENGTH: 171 words


A Galveston County man is suing GEICO, alleging it breached its insurance policy
by not covering the diminished value of his car following an accident.

Edward Angrum filed a lawsuit July 1 in Galveston County District Court against
Government Employees Insurance Company, also known as GEICO, alleging breach of
contract, insurance code violations, and statutory bad faith.

On March 26, 2014, the suit states, Angrum's 2008 Chevrolet Corvette was
rear-ended by an uninsured motorist. At the time, Angrum was covered by a GEICO
policy that included uninsured motorist coverage.

The plaintiff seeks recovery for the diminished value of his vehicle but the
suit says GEICO is unwilling to pay the $7,781 for the diminished value. As a
result, the plaintiff has suffered loss of enjoyment while driving the
now-damaged and repaired vehicle.

Angrum seeks monetary relief less than $100,000, plus attorney fees and costs of
the suit. He is represented by attorney Adam Ramji of Houston.

Galveston County District Court case number cv-0074588.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 SoutheastTexasRecord.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Southeast Texas Record

                            November 3, 2015 Tuesday

Galveston County man sues GEICO in car insurance dispute

BYLINE: Robbie Hargett

LENGTH: 171 words


A Galveston County man is suing GEICO, alleging it breached its insurance policy
by not covering the diminished value of his car following an accident.

Edward Angrum filed a lawsuit July 1 in Galveston County District Court against
Government Employees Insurance Company, also known as GEICO, alleging breach of
contract, insurance code violations, and statutory bad faith.

On March 26, 2014, the suit states, Angrum's 2008 Chevrolet Corvette was
rear-ended by an uninsured motorist. At the time, Angrum was covered by a GEICO
policy that included uninsured motorist coverage.

The plaintiff seeks recovery for the diminished value of his vehicle but the
suit says GEICO is unwilling to pay the $7,781 for the diminished value. As a
result, the plaintiff has suffered loss of enjoyment while driving the
now-damaged and repaired vehicle.

Angrum seeks monetary relief less than $100,000, plus attorney fees and costs of
the suit. He is represented by attorney Adam Ramji of Houston.

Galveston County District Court case number cv-0074588.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 SoutheastTexasRecord.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                            October 10, 2016 Monday

Death toll in Haiti rises to almost 900

BYLINE: Reuters in Charleston, South Carolina

LENGTH: 666  words


Hurricane Matthew slammed into South Carolina on Saturday, packing a diminished
yet still potent punch after killing almost 900 people in Haiti and causing
major flooding and widespread power outages as it skirted Florida and Georgia.

The storm weakens but still packs enough punch to claim at least 11 lives in US

Hurricane Matthew slammed into South Carolina on Saturday, packing a diminished
yet still potent punch after killing almost 900 people in Haiti and causing
major flooding and widespread power outages as it skirted Florida and Georgia.

Weakened, the most powerful Atlantic storm since 2007 unleashed torrential rains
and damaging winds in Florida before churning slowly north to soak coastal
Georgia and the Carolinas. Wind speeds at midday had subsided by nearly half
from their peak about a week ago to 120 kph, reducing the storm to a Category 1
hurricane, the weakest on the Saffir-Simpson scale of 1 to 5.

Matthew, which topped out as a ferocious Category 5 storm days before, made US
landfall near McClellanville, South Carolina, a village 48 kilometers north of
Charleston that was devastated by a Category 4 hurricane in 1989.

The National Hurricane Center in Miami said the storm was expected to move near
or south of the North Carolina coast early on Sunday and east of the state later
in the day.

The storm was blamed for at least 11 deaths in the United States - five in
Florida, three in North Carolina and three in Georgia, including two people
killed by falling trees in Bulloch County, the county coroner said.

2 million without power

Power was reported knocked out to more than 2 million households and businesses
in the southeastern US, the bulk of those in Florida and South Carolina.

Forecasters warned that widespread flooding was possible from heavy rain - 400
millimeters was expected to fall in some areas - along with massive storm surges
and high tides.

The storm-stricken stretch of the Atlantic Coast from Miami to Charleston,
950-km drive, encompasses some of the most well-known beaches, resorts and
historical towns in the southeastern United States. Parts of Interstate 95, the
main north-south thoroughfare on the East Coast, were closed due to flooding and
fallen trees, state officials said.

"We rode out the storm. It wasn't this bad at our house, but here there's a lot
of damage," said Zowi Cuartas, 18, as he watched bystanders pick up shattered
signs near the beach.

Florida Governor Rick Scott said more than 6,000 people stayed in shelters
overnight, but he appeared relieved that the state had been spared from greater
harm.

"We're all blessed that Matthew stayed off our coast," he said. He predicted
electricity would be restored to most homes by Sunday evening.

Damage was far greater in Haiti, where at least 877 people died earlier when the
storm plowed directly into the impoverished Caribbean island nation.

Matthew howled through Haiti's western peninsula on Tuesday with 233 kph winds
and torrential rain. Some 61,500 people were in shelters, officials said, after
the storm lashed coastal villages in high surf.

The US military began sending aid to Haiti by air and sea, including a Navy
amphibious transport ship carrying heavy-lift helicopters, bulldozers,
freshwater delivery vehicles and two mobile surgical units.

The Haitian government warned that a deadly outbreak of cholera could worsen,
confirming dozens of new cases of the waterborne disease since the storm hit, 13
of them fatal.

Officials in Florida, grappling with an outbreak of Zika, said they hoped the
flooding would not worsen the spread of the mosquito-borne virus, which can
cause fever and birth deformities.

"We have got to get rid of standing water as quickly as we can," Governor Scott
told reporters.

A resident wades through floodwaters next to a partially submerged car in the
hard-hit city of Charleston, South Carolina, on Saturday.Jonathan Drake /
Reuters

(China Daily 10/10/2016 page10)

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/20/147606205355.jpg

00221917e13e1965291429.jpg

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                              July 4, 2008 Friday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

`CAPACITY' PLAYS THE ECCENTRIC CARD

BYLINE: By Glenn Whipp Film Critic

SECTION: LA.COM; Pg. L3

LENGTH: 395 words


Granted, any movie that opens with a shot of pond fish hooked up to a typewriter
via lines of string, rat-a-tat-tatting cosmic poetry, is telling you right out
of the gate that you're about to enter the Land o' Whimsy.

But with ``Diminished Capacity,'' you're quite prepared for what you're about to
find. Alan Alda talkin' real funny like, doin' an Alabamy accent? Dylan Baker as
a rabid Cubs fan who lets a forehead vein or two burst while he rants about the
North Siders' latest meltdown?

Matthew Broderick making out with Virginia Madsen?

These not-so-lovable eccentrics come together when Cooper, a Chicago newspaper
editor (Broderick), returns home to look in on his aging Uncle Rollie (Alda),
the man who essentially raised him. Cooper has suffered a blow to his noggin,
short-circuiting his short-term memory. So he can relate to Uncle Rollie, just
given a diagnosis of ``diminished capacity,'' which he equates to a death
sentence of ``benign confinement'' at the local nursing home.

Rollie has other ideas. He has a valuable 1909 Cubs baseball card, which he
hopes to sell someday to shore up his finances. And -- isn't this a coincidence?
-- there just happens to be a big sports memorabilia show that very weekend in
Chicago. Faster than you can say ``road trip,'' the two men, along with Cooper's
high-school sweetheart (Madsen) and her insecure son (Jimmy Bennett) are heading
back to Chi-Town, baseball card in tow.

About that card. It's just a movie, I know, but Rollie and company manhandle
this little rectangle -- whose value hinges on its perfection -- in such a way
that would put its worth somewhere between a Mario Mendoza rookie card and a
gallon of gas.

Every time Alda touched the card it drove me insane. And it was indicative of
how bad this emotionally manipulative movie becomes as it moves from genial
family dramedy to ineptly staged slapstick. The 1969 Cubs have nothing on the
horror of this movie's butchered climactic chase scene. Holy freakin' cow,
indeed!

Glenn Whipp, (818) 713-3672

glenn.whipp@dailynews.com

DIMINISHED CAPACITY - Two stars

>Not rated: language

>Starring: Alan Alda, Matthew Broderick, Virginia Madsen.

>Director: Terry Kinney.

>Running time: 1 hr. 32 min.

>Playing: Laemmle's Music Hall in Beverly Hills.

>In a nutshell: Baseball card unites family members in a cornball comedy that
ends up being akin to the Cubs' 1969 meltdown.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  (weekend)

GRAPHIC: photo
 Photo: (color) Matthew Broderick plays a Chicago newspaper editor with
short-term memory loss, and Alan Alda is his elderly uncle, who owns a valuable
baseball card, in the comedic ``Diminished Capacity.''

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

Head Line: US Patent granted to QUALCOMM Incorporated (California) on October
25, 2016 titled as "Methods and apparatuses for location-triggered sensor
initialization"

LENGTH: 202 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no.
9,476,716 on October 25, 2016, to QUALCOMM Incorporated (California) titled as
"Methods and apparatuses for location-triggered sensor initialization"

Inventors: Opshaug; Guttorm R. (Redwood City, CA), Kushwaha; Manish (San Jose,
CA), Riley; Wyatt Thomas (Chesterbrook, PA), Biacs; Zoltan F. (San Matteo, CA),
Shah; Mayur N. (Millcreek, WA), Czompo; Joseph (Sa
Assignee: QUALCOMM Incorporated (San Diego, CA) (California)



According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Methods, apparatuses, and devices for generating one or more harsh or
diminished radiofrequency environments relative to a planned route of a mobile
device user. In one example, a mobile device user a be routed through a harsh or
diminished radiofrequency environment based, at least in part, on a sensor suite
of a mobile device and/or based on a user's preferences. Prior to entry into
such an environment, various sensors may be activated in a manner that permits
position estimation in an absence of SPS based positioning signals and/or TPS
based positioning signals."

The patent was filed on November 5, 2013 Application No. 14/072,728


LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 23, 1991, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

IDEAS & TRENDS: Youthful Drinking Persists;
With Teens and Alcohol, It's Just Say When

BYLINE: By FELICITY BARRINGER

SECTION: Section 4; Page 1; Column 5; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 1182 words


THE 13-year-old, the daughter of two lawyers, had been drinking for about four
years when she showed up for gymnastics practice at her private school in
Massachusetts, too drunk to perform. A 15-year-old boy told a juvenile court
judge: "I'm not a problem drinker. I only have a six-pack of beer an evening." A
16-year-old regularly consumed enough vodka and beer to have hallucinations in
her kitchen, seeing skeletons, knives and images she took for visions of Satan's
realm.

These are the children of alcohol, whose numbers have waxed and waned over the
centuries, from the days when ancient Greeks worshiped Dionysus, the god of
wine, to London's Gin Lane in the late 18th century, to America's suburban malls
and fraternity houses today. They are the inheritors -- some would say the
victims -- of the country's ambivalence about the intoxicant of the ages.

While experts say that the use of other recreational drugs has diminished since
the end of the 1970's, alcohol use has diminished far more slowly. Its staying
power as the intoxicant of choice among the young has made it the nation's most
persistent problem drug.

In recent days and months, public officials, like the nation's drug control
policy director, Bob Martinez, have had more and more to say about the dangers
of alcohol use by young people, and researchers have brought out some new
figures, some heartening, others disturbing.

Even as alcohol use has diminished over the last decade, a Federal survey of
students in eight states shows that 10.6 million of 20.7 million 7th through
12th graders drink, though all states now prohibit drinking before the age of
21. Eight million of them drink at least once a week, and 450,000 drink at least
five or more drinks at a sitting.

"Cocaine has become unacceptable for a lot of teens," said Peter Rogers, a
Youngstown, Ohio, pediatrician who heads the Child-Adolescent Committee of the
American Society of Addictive Medicine. "Marijuana's becoming unacceptable.
Teenage drinking has never been unacceptable."

The peak years for all drug use, he said, were 1978 and 1979. "About 10 percent
of high school seniors used marijuana daily back then," he said. Now the figure
is 2.3 percent. In 1978 and 1979 about 6 percent of high school seniors drank
daily. "It was 4.8 percent in 1990. And the percentage of seniors who drank five
or more drinks in a row at least once a week is the same as it was back then."

For Lloyd Johnston, a University of Michigan social science researcher whose
annual survey of high school seniors was the source of Dr. Rogers's figures,
alcohol, once a "safe," familiar drug in the view of many parents who saw
cocaine and other hard drugs as the alternatives, no longer hides in the shadow.
"The illicit drug problem has subsided," he said. "We've been standing by this
mountain all the time, but now we have a chance to look at the mountain. It's a
constant, and we're more conscious of it now."

Helping to focus people's attention, he said, are widely publicized criminal
trials involving incidents in which alcohol played a role, such as the one
currently under way in Queens, where a group of St. John's University
schoolmates are charged with sexually abusing a young woman. With the
publicizing of the acquaintance-rape issue, it has become clear that most such
assaults involve heavy drinking by the man or the woman or both.

Generally, the young drinkers who need the most help to change their behavior
are those who started drinking earliest, experts in public health and adolescent
psychology say. But other than that, they say, it is difficult to predict the
course of adolescent drinking.

Children who experiment with liquor in early teens could be off it by high
school, but most are not. Young men and women who wait until college to do their
heavy drinking may be more destructive in their drinking habits than those who
drank earlier but more moderately.

Most drinking begins at the liquor cabinet at home, experts say.

"By 12, most kids know someone who drinks, and they probably know a significant
number who drink," said Dr. Johnston of the University of Michigan. His
extensive annual survey, which has involved high school students since 1979, is
being extended to eighth graders, but no data is yet available.

"The commonest reason for kids using alcohol," said Margaret Bean-Bayog, a
psychiatrist in private practice in Newton, Mass., "is that it's in the
subculture around them. Kids in a grade school where everyone is drinking are
more likely to drink. For kids whose parents use it, they don't have a reference
point that doesn't include alcohol.

"The age of first alcohol use in the 1930's was 17 for boys and 19 for women,"
she said. "It has drifted steadily down. Now it's much more common for a
13-year-old to have had a drink." What parents need to be alert for, Dr.
Bean-Bayog and other experts say, are changes in behavior, secretiveness,
declining grades and desertion of old friends for a heavy-drinking crowd.

What is most alarming, she said, is not the simple fact of drinking, but the
tendency of some adolescents to drink simply to get drunk. Although binge
drinking has declined somewhat among high school students, it is still common
behavior among college-age drinkers. Dr. Johnston's survey shows that 93 percent
of college students have tried alcohol, 75 percent drink regularly and 4 percent
drink daily. The percentage of those who drank five or more drinks at a sitting
in the last two weeks now stands at 41, down from 45 percent in the late 1970's.

Henry Wechsler, a lecturer in social psychology at Harvard University's School
of Public Health, said that studies he has done in 1977 and 1990 show that among
college freshmen, "the one group that has disappeared are the frequent light
drinkers, those likely to have one or two drinks regularly. What's happened is a
polarization between the binge drinkers and the abstainers."

Dr. Johnston's surveys indicate that the students bound for college tend to
drink less than those who are not. But by the age of 19 or 20, the college group
is drinking just as much as their non-college peers, and bingeing more often.

"There's a massive amount of advertising that tells youngsters that if you want
to have a good time with your friends, have camaraderie, go to good beach
parties, you better drink," Dr. Johnston said. Dr. Rogers said a teenager
watching an average amount of television sees 2,500 alcohol advertisements a
year.

What, then, to tell teens about the dangers of alcohol abuse? Dr. Wechsler feels
that a prohibitionist approach would be a mistake. "When you start campaigns
among the young focused on 'Just say no,' you lose credibility because so many
people are saying yes," he said.

His remedy is peer pressure. Cigarettes, once a badge of maturity, have lost
much of this status among adolescents. Eventually, he said, drunkenness could
become so stigmatized that the bingers melt away. "Given enough time and enough
attention to the problems of heavy drinking, you're going to have a change," he
said.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Teenager drinking (Alan Dorow/Actually Inc.) (pg. 1); teen
drinking (Ray Morsch/The Stock Market) (pg. 4)

Graphs: 'Alcohol's popularity persists' shows percentage of young people who
have had alcohol withing the last year from '74 to '90; 'Frequency of use eases
a bit' shows percentage of young people who have had alcohol within the last 30
days from '74 to '90 (Source: National Council on Alcoholism and Drug
Dependence); 'In high school, less binge drinking' shows percentage of high
school seniors who had five or more drinki in a row within the last two weeks
from '75 to '90; 'The pattern endures in college' shows percentage of people age
19-28 show have had five or more drinks in a row within the last two weeks from
'86 to '90 (Source: Institute for Social Research, University of Michigan) (pg.
4)

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              64 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 8, 2016 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Missing From the Big Picture, a Tighter Focus on Manning

BYLINE: By RICHARD SANDOMIR.

Email: sandor@nytimes.com

SECTION: Section D; Column 0; Sports Desk; TV SPORTS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 709 words


With nine minutes left in Super Bowl 50, CBS's Jim Nantz offered evidence that
the game was anything but a golden evocation of the N.F.L.'s Big Game.

Denver's and Carolina's offenses could not shake off the strengths of the
opposing defenses, leaving viewers to wonder when either team would break loose.

''So, it's a game that's featured 14 penalties, five sacks, five turnovers and,
so far, only one offensive touchdown, and that was a thrilling 1-yard run,''
Nantz said. Later, he added that the Panthers and the Broncos were a combined 4
for 25 on third downs.

It became a game of greatly diminished expectations, especially about Denver's
offense, and Peyton Manning's diminished skills as a passer. It did not make for
a game bursting with life or producing a stirring broadcast. And whether it
exceeds last year's Super Bowl audience of 114 million (for a truly great game)
might rely on whether Americans watched, in droves, in hopes of seeing Manning
retire as a Super Bowl-winning quarterback, his second championship.

Late in the fourth quarter, Nantz asked Phil Simms, an analyst, what he thought
of Denver running on third-and-9. Simms said that he was not surprised and that
it actually was the smart move.

''They're watching the same game we are,'' Simms said, adding that Denver was
surmising that if it punted, Cam Newton and the Panthers would not be able to
march down the field to score the go-ahead touchdown.

Simms's view was vindicated when Newton fumbled on the ensuing series and the
Broncos scored, and added a 2-point conversion, to go up, 24-10.

Manning was one of the main story lines heading into the game -- the
superstar-in-twilight who had adjusted his once-great passing game into a
mastery of game management. He had been injured this season, missing six games,
and few would have expected him to return to lead the Broncos to the Super Bowl,
let alone guide them to victory.

So while it has been clear that his throwing abilities have faded, CBS did not
effectively illuminate that aspect of the story as it should have. The network
could have used current technology to measure the speed of his passes (versus
Newton's) and archival video to compare his velocity and accuracy to his peak
days with the Indianapolis Colts.

An even tighter focus on Manning could have provided a more fascinating look at
the oldest quarterback to start the Super Bowl. Two brief shots of Manning
throwing passes showed more than a grimace, but pain, on his face. Was the
effort of throwing as hard as he could -- and sometimes producing nothing more
than a wobbly effort -- possibly that painful? With Simms in the booth, that
would have been a path worth exploring.

Similarly, CBS could have done far better to underscore how the Denver defense
handled Newton, who entered as a superhero apparently able to do anything on the
field, especially in the postseason. Where were the packages of two of Denver's
stars, Von Miller and DeMarcus Ware, and an insightful video analysis of how
Denver shut down Carolina tight end Greg Olsen? Indeed, Denver's defensive
coordinator, Wade Phillips, deserved a greater focus on his strategy.

Some other thoughts:

â-  CBS used a terrific graphic that could be an essential tool for the future.
Near the end of the first half, it showed a 360-degree replay view of Jonathan
Stewart leaping into the end zone for Carolina's only touchdown, which had
occurred earlier in the second quarter. Then it added a wrinkle that made it
look as if Stewart had popped through a blue screen, breaking the plane of the
goal line. A great effect -- but it required a long time to show it.

â-  With a first-half story line of players changing shoes because of the slick
turf, was anyone going to mention that BeyoncÃ© seemed to have no trouble
dancing on the grass in heels during the halftime show? (By the way, in the
fourth quarter, the Mets announced that BeyoncÃ© will be playing Citi Field June
7, giving her another chance to dance on stadium grass.)

â-  CBS made a poor decision to move to a full-screen graphic about Manning's
career with 11 seconds left -- which meant leaving the celebratory scene where
he was accepting congratulations. You simply can't interrupt that tableau with
statistics.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/08/sports/football/super-bowl-broadcast-cbs.html

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              65 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                             August 29, 2011 Monday

Big Apple left battered but worst is over

SECTION: WORLD

LENGTH: 615 words


As waves continued pounding the Connecticut shore east of America's biggest
city, New York city mayor Michael Bloomberg lifted the evacuation order for the
400,000 residents in low-lying areas, mainly Lower Manhattan Queens and
Brooklyn.

New England residents were now feeling the brunt of the diminished but
still-dangerous storm. It was expected to move over eastern Canada last night.

Forecasters said that Irene, while diminished in strength, was still massive and
powerful, with powerful winds extending more than 300 miles from the centre.

Before Irene hit New York, its winds weakened to 65mph after its journey up the
East Coast, where it dropped a foot of rain on North Carolina and Virginia. The
National Hurricane Centre downgraded the storm after its winds fell below 74mph,
the threshold for a hurricane.

Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said President Barack Obama was
briefed this morning and instructed administration officials to continue to be
aggressive in their efforts to deal with the storm and its aftermath.

Napolitano said the worst of the storm has passed for most areas, but cautioned
that communities in Irene's path should continue to be vigilant even though the
storm had weakened.

As the eye of the storm blew through America's largest city and Long Island to
the east, it pushed an Atlantic storm surge toward New York. Briny water from
New York Harbour submerged parts of a promenade at the base of the island of
Manhattan. A foot of water rushed over the wall of a marina in front of the New
York Mercantile Exchange, where gold and oil are traded.

The huge storm had threatened 65 million people on the Atlantic coast, estimated
as the largest number of Americans ever affected by a single storm.

New York was eerily quiet as the storm hit. In a city where many don't own cars,
the population stayed indoors. The entire transit system was shut down because
of weather for the first time ever. The city's airports were closed, with more
than 9,000 flights cancelled. Broadway shows, baseball games and other events
were all cancelled or postponed.

As the centre of the storm passed over Central Park at midmorning, floodwater
reached the wheel wells of some cars in Manhattan, and more streamed into the
streets of Queens.

Still, the storm didn't come close to inflicting the kind of catastrophic damage
that had been feared in the city. The September 11 museum, a centrepiece of the
rebuilding of the World Trade Centre site, said on Twitter that none of its
memorial trees were lost.

Irene made landfall just after dawn yesterday near Cape Lookout, North Carolina,
at the southern end of the Outer Banks. Shorefront hotels and houses were lashed
with waves, two piers were destroyed and at least one hospital was forced to run
on generator power.

But as day broke today, surprisingly light damage was reported in many places,
mostly consisting of downed trees and power lines.

Officials warned of the possibility of severe flooding over the next few days as
excess water makes its way into creeks and rivers. Pennsylvania Governor Tom
Corbett cautioned: "The rivers may not crest until Tuesday or Wednesday. This
isn't just a 24-hour event."

Irene caused flooding from North Carolina to Delaware, both from the 7ft waves
it pushed into the coast and from heavy rain.

In New Jersey, the Oyster Creek nuclear plant, just a few miles from the coast,
shut down as a precaution as Irene closed in.

The deaths blamed on Irene included two children. Four other people were killed
by falling trees - two in separate Virginia incidents, one in North Carolina and
one in Maryland. A surfer and another beach-goer in Florida were killed as heavy
waves battered the coast.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                          September 30, 2015 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

BRIEFCASE

BYLINE: From wire reports

SECTION: A; Pg. 008

LENGTH: 429 words


CONSUMER CONFIDENCE UP AGAIN IN SEPTEMBER

WASHINGTON - American consumers were feeling more confident again this month,
good news for the U.S. economy.

The Conference Board, a business research group, said Tuesday that its consumer
confidence index rose again to 103 in September after surging in August to
101.3. The September reading was the highest since January. Economists had
expected the index to fall this month.

Consumers' assessment of present economic conditions hit the highest level in
eight years. More than 25 percent of Americans said jobs were plentiful, the
highest share since September 2007.

DIMINISHED SUPPLY LIFTS HOME PRICES IN JULY

WASHINGTON - U.S. home prices rose at a solid pace in July, as would-be buyers
competed for a diminished supply of available housing.

The Standard & Poor's/Case-Shiller 20-city home price index climbed 5 percent in
July from a year earlier. That's up from a 4.9 percent annual pace in June.

Home prices rose in all 20 cities over the past 12 months. San Francisco posted
the biggest gain of 10.4 percent, followed by Denver with 10.3 percent.

UNION THREATENS TO STRIKE AT FORD PLANT

DETROIT - The United Auto Workers union is threatening to strike next week at a
key Ford assembly plant in a dispute over local contract negotiations.

Union Vice President Jimmy Settles said in a note to members Tuesday that he
gave the company a five-day strike notice at the Kansas City Assembly Plant in
Claycomo, Missouri.

The 7,500-worker plant makes the F-150 pickup, Ford's most popular model, and
the Transit commercial van.

Settles said the company isn't bargaining in good faith over staffing
provisions, heat stress and skilled trade schedules.

Ford's national contract with the union expired Sept. 14, but workers stayed on
the job under an extension.

PAPER CLIPS

Ralph Lauren is handing off his title as CEO of the fashion and home decor
empire that he founded nearly 50 years ago. The New York-based company announced
Tuesday that Stefan Larsson, the global president of Gap's low-price Old Navy
chain, will take on the role. The change will be effective in November, and
Larsson will report to Lauren, who will continue to drive the company's vision
and strategy as executive chairman and chief creative officer.

Citing low energy prices, Chesapeake Energy Corp. said Tuesday it was laying off
740 employees, most of them at its Oklahoma City headquarters, after the company
reported a second-quarter loss of more than $4 billion in August. The company
said the layoffs represent about 15 percent of its workforce.

TYPE: Briefs

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              67 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                             July 3, 2008 Thursday

Movies in Brief: 'Diminished Capacity'

BYLINE: MARTIN TSAI

SECTION: ARTS+; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 390 words


Ferris Bueller may be grown up, but he's still a Cubs fan. "Diminished
Capacity," a new film opening Friday and starring Matthew Broderick, is as much
a story about dementia as it is about Chicago Cubs mania. Mr. Broderick plays
Cooper, who loses his short-term memory and his Chicago newspaper column after
suffering a concussion in a bar brawl. He travels to a rural section of Illinois
on a mission to persuade his senile uncle Rollie (Alan Alda) to surrender
himself to a nursing home.

When Cooper finds Rollie, he has turned on a propane stove but forgotten to
ignite it. The old man also leaves a typewriter on the dock with bait dangling
from its keys into the water below to create what he calls fish poetry. Rollie's
big secret - an extremely rare 1909 baseball card in his collection - is already
common knowledge among local townspeople, since he won't stop bragging about it.
He hopes it will be a get-out-of-jail-free card for assisted living. When a Cubs
convention arrives in Chicagoland that very weekend, the odd couple hits the
road to find out how much Rollie's treasured card is worth.

Once inside the convention, it becomes apparent that the film's title isn't
referring solely to the two cases of dementia. Not half as profound as "Away
From Her," Sarah Polley's 2007 film about a husband coping with his wife's
Alzheimer's disease, "Diminished Capacity" seems like a literal inside-baseball
joke that only die-hard Cubs fans will get. (Look, an Ernie Banks cameo. Let's
play two!) The screenplay, which Sherwood Kiraly adapted from his own novel,
attempts but fails to establish a metaphorical parallel between mental
disability and baseball obsession before arriving at an inconsequential rant
about how the business of sports memorabilia ruins it for the fans by putting
price tags on priceless memories.

"Diminished Capacity" marks the directorial debut of Terry Kinney, perhaps best
known as Tim McManus on the HBO series "Oz." As with most
actors-turned-directors, he coaxes some top-notch performances from his cast,
but his film boasts precious little visual flair. Mr. Broderick basically phones
it in as yet another middle-aged loser, but Mr. Alda is in top form. As if
trotting to second on a wild pitch, Dylan Baker and Bobby Cannavale easily steal
later scenes as rival memorabilia dealers at the convention.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            July 29, 2009 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Alzheimer's Expert Tells of Astor's Decline

BYLINE: By A. G. SULZBERGER

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 514 words


An Alzheimer's specialist who diagnosed moderate dementia in Brooke Astor in
2001 testified on Tuesday that her condition significantly declined during the
next three years.

The specialist, Dr. Norman R. Relkin, treated Mrs. Astor from April 2001 to
August 2004, he said during the trial of her son, Anthony D. Marshall, in State
Supreme Court in Manhattan.

At first, Dr. Relkin testified, Mrs. Astor seemed younger than her years, but by
the time he last saw her, in 2004, she was in a wheelchair, struggled with basic
activities and spoke of wanting to die.

It was toward the end of this period that Mrs. Astor signed three amendments, or
codicils, to her will that gave Mr. Marshall control over the bulk of her
fortune and became the center of the criminal case against him. Prosecutors say
that Mr. Marshall and his co-defendant, Francis X. Morrissey Jr., a lawyer who
did estate planning, exploited Mrs. Astor's fraying mental condition for their
own financial gain, having her make changes to her will that she could not
understand.

Dr. Relkin's statements, which are to continue on Wednesday, echoed the
testimony of two other doctors -- her longtime physician and the geriatrician
who first diagnosed Alzheimer's disease in 2000.

His testimony seemed to boost the prosecution's contention that Mrs. Astor's
mental state was significantly diminished at the time she signed the codicils.

But, while Dr. Relkin, who read from notes he had taken during her visits to his
office, described Mrs. Astor's decline in both human and medical terms, he shied
away from anything resembling legal analysis as to her competency to make
changes to her will, beyond noting her generally ''diminished capacity.''

After prodding from the prosecution -- and numerous objections from the defense
-- Dr. Relkin explained how diminished capacity would affect Mrs. Astor's
ability to understand financial information in April 2003. ''If you put a dollar
bill in front of her and asked her if this is money, she could probably identify
it as money,'' he said.

However, responding to a question from the prosecution, Dr. Relkin expressed
doubts that Mrs. Astor would have been able to tell whether there were more
quarters in two dollars or three.

Dr. Relkin also testified that before his first meeting with Mrs. Astor he had
spoken with Mr. Marshall, who expressed concern that her memory loss -- present
for five or six years -- seemed to have worsened over the previous six months
and was accompanied by mood fluctuations.

After that initial visit -- during which Mrs. Astor was unable to draw a picture
of a clock but able to sign her name -- Dr. Relkin said he spoke with Mr.
Marshall and his wife, Charlene Marshall, about the results, warning that while
he could not be certain of an Alzheimer's diagnosis, Mrs. Astor did have
diminished capacity and the decline was likely to progress rapidly.

Mr. Marshall asked him whether his mother was competent, Dr. Relkin said.

His response to Mr. Marshall at the time, he said, was that physicians do not
establish competency, courts do.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                              69 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Virginia Lawyers Weekly

                            December 20, 2013 Friday

Justices of U.S. Supreme Court: Court-ordered psych evidence doesn't violate 5th
Amendment

BYLINE: Kimberly Atkins

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 588  words


Defendants who offer a diminished capacity defense cannot seek to exclude
rebuttal evidence from court-ordered mental evaluations on Fifth Amendment
grounds, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in Kansas v. Cheever, No. 12-609.

The justices reversed a contrary ruling from the Kansas Supreme Court.

The defendant in the case was convicted of capital murder for the shooting death
of a sheriff. At trial in federal court, the defendant had argued that he lacked
the necessary murderous intent because he had been high on methamphetamines for
days at the time of the shooting. Based on his defense, the judge ordered a
psychiatric evaluation.

The defendant's attorney fell ill, putting the federal trial on hold. Meanwhile,
the death penalty was reinstated in Kansas and the defendant was charged in
state court with capital murder. He again asserted a diminished capacity
defense.

The state called the psychiatrist who evaluated the defendant at the order of
the federal judge as a rebuttal witness. The doctor testified that based on his
evaluation, the defendant did not suffer from diminished capacity due to drug
use.

The defendant was convicted and sentenced to death, but the Kansas Supreme Court
later reversed his conviction, holding that admitting the testimony of the
court-ordered analyst violated Cheever's right against self-incrimination
because the psychiatric evaluation was compelled by a federal judge.

The Supreme Court disagreed.

"(W]here a defense expert who has examined the defendant testifies that the
defendant lacked the requisite mental state to commit an offense, the
prosecution may present psychiatric evidence in rebuttal," Justice Sonia
Sotomayor wrote for the unanimous court. "Any other rule would undermine the
adversarial process, allowing a defendant to provide the jury, through an expert
operating as proxy, with a one-sided and potentially inaccurate view of his
mental state at the time of the alleged crime. "

It was Sotomayor who gave the most obvious hint during oral arguments that the
justices were not persuaded by the defendant's argument, asking Cheever's
counsel at one point,

"Which way would you rather lose?"

The court rejected the position of groups including the American Civil Liberties
Union that allowing evidence from court-ordered evaluations forces defendants to
choose between forfeiting their Fifth Amendment privilege against
self-incrimination or preserving their Eighth Amendment right to present
mitigating evidence.

"When exercising the Eighth Amendment right subjects a defendant to a
wide-ranging, intrusive probing into his mental processes by state agents, a
capital defendant can be discouraged from offering such evidence at all," stated
the amicus brief submitted by the national ACLU and its Kansas and Western
Missouri chapter.

But Kent Scheidegger, legal director of the Criminal Justice Legal Foundation, a
Sacramento-based criminal justice and victims' rights organization, said after
the ruling that allowing testimony from psychiatric experts is the only way give
jurors a complete picture.

"An examination of the subject is essential for a testifying expert to do his
job properly and for the jury to see the truth," said Scheidegger, who wrote an
amicus brief in the case supporting the prosecution. "If the defendant chooses
to open the door with his own psychological expert, this evidence must be
available to both sides. "

http://www.valawyersweekly.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from
this resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 15, 2009 Tuesday

Man's diminished responsibility plea for assault withdrawn: Jury selection for
trial begins today.

BYLINE: John Mangalonzo, The Hawk Eye, Burlington, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 370 words


Sep. 15--Jury selection in the trial of a man accused of assaulting another man
over a tool is set to begin at 9 a.m. today.

During a pretrial conference Monday, 42-year-old Jason Lee Stott of New London
and his court-appointed attorney Susan Diehl told District Court Judge John Linn
that Stott is now willing to withdraw his diminished responsibility due to
mental illness defense.

In law, diminished responsibility is the doctrine that absolves an accused
person of part of the liability for the defendant's criminal act if he or she
suffers from such abnormality of mind as to substantially impair the defendant's
responsibility in committing or being a party to an alleged violation. The
doctrine provides a mitigating defense in cases in which the mental disease or
defect is not of such magnitude as to exclude criminal responsibility
altogether.

Des Moines County prosecutor Jennifer Slocum, however, asked Linn to find Stott
in contempt of court, for violating a court order directing him to be examined
by the state's own expert witness.

Instead of finding the man in contempt, Linn sanctioned Stott and ordered him to
pay the $700 fee for the evaluation.

Stott, who is charged with assault causing serious bodily injury and
first-degree harassment, was arrested in September last year shortly after an
altercation he reportedly had with another man at the Burlington Memorial
Auditorium.

Authorities said the alleged victim went to work that morning at the auditorium
and was confronted by Stott, who allegedly accused the other man of taking a
power drill.

According to court papers, Stott allegedly grabbed the other man around the
throat and spun him around.

The man's hip struck a metal railing, police said, and the man suffered a broken
hip.

Attorneys expect the trial to last approximately three days.

To see more of The Hawk Eye or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thehawkeye.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Hawk Eye, Burlington, Iowa
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090915-QW-Man-s-diminished
-responsibility-plea-for-assault-withdrawn-0915

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QW


                                 Copyright 2009


                              71 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly

                                October 13, 2003

Mass. Supreme Judicial Court Denies Claim For Loss Of Value In Damaged Car

BYLINE: Jason M. Scally

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1232  words


A driver involved in an auto accident could not seek recovery from her insurance
carrier for the loss of value in her car due to the damage incurred, the Supreme
Judicial Court has ruled.

A Superior Court judge had found that the statutorily mandated language in
Massachusetts auto insurance policies required insurance companies to not only
pay for the actual repairs of a damaged vehicle, but also for the "inherent
diminished value" of the vehicle.

But the SJC disagreed.

"We will not torture the plain meaning of the terms 'repair' and 'replace' to
encompass 'repair' or 'replace[ment]' of damage caused by stigma, a form of
damage that, by definition, defies remedy by way of 'repair' or
'replace[ment],'" said Justice Martha B. Sosman, writing for the court.

The judge added that "the policy expressly excludes payment of any amount higher
than repair or replacement costs, and thus expressly excludes compensation for
inherent diminished value when the insurer has already paid for the repair or
replacement of all damaged parts of the vehicle. "

The 10-page decision is Given v. Commerce Insurance Co., Lawyers Weekly No.
10-161-03.

The SJC issued another decision on the same issue, adopting the reasoning in
Given, in Roth v. Amica Mutual Insurance Company, Lawyers Weekly No. 10-162-03.

Double-Win For Insurers

Nelson G. Apjohn of Boston, the attorney for Commerce Insurance in Given, said
he was pleased with the decision because "there was a split in the Superior
Court, so it resolved that conflict between the Roth and the Given decisions. "

He said the decision should have a significant impact since "it applies to the
standard policy which is used by the entire auto insurance industry and
policyholders in Massachusetts. "

Boston attorney Peter C. Knight, counsel for the defendant insurance company in
Roth, said the Roth decision was a double-win for insurance companies.

He explained that not only did the SJC adopt its holding in Given with regard to
inherent diminished value, the SJC also upheld the right of insurance companies
to repair vehicles with parts made by someone other than the original equipment
manufacturer - or OEM.

A decision restricting the use of "non-OEM" parts, Knight said, would have
created a "very difficult class action" with thousands of people who had repairs
done to their cars in the past bringing claims against their insurers.

"It's a great victory for the insurance industry, which has been relying on this
statutory scheme of repairing a motor vehicle with non-OEM parts as required by
the insurance regulations," Knight said. "Both [the Given and Roth decisions]
should be read together, and when taken together it's an outstanding result for
the insurance industry. "

John Peter Zavez and Noah Rosmarin, the attorneys for the plaintiffs in both
cases, were unavailable for comment prior to deadline.

Car Damage

In Given, the plaintiff, Elena Given, had a car insurance policy with the
defendant, Commerce Insurance Co., covering her 2000 Toyota Avalon for the
period between March 8, 2000 and March 8, 2001.

In September 2000, the plaintiff was involved in an accident in which her car
sustained $5,287 in damage.

The plaintiff's Toyota was worth approximately $25,000 at the time of the
accident and only had 5,300 miles on the odometer.

Although the defendant covered the cost of the physical damage, the plaintiff
claimed that the car also suffered from a decrease in its fair market value, or
"inherent diminished value," of approximately $1,414.

The relevant language in the defendant's policy with the plaintiff stated that
"we will pay for any direct and accidental damage to your auto caused by a
collision. It does not matter who is at fault We will pay for each loss up to
the actual cash value of the auto or any of its parts at the time of the
collision. "

Other language in the policy included the statement that "in any event, we will
never pay more than what it would cost to repair or replace the damaged
property. "

The policy did not define "damage" or "damaged property," and it did not make
any reference to the term "inherent diminished value. "

The plaintiff brought a suit in Superior Court and the defendant moved for
summary judgment.

Judge Ernest B. Murphy denied the defendant's motion and sua sponte entered
partial summary judgment in Given's favor, declaring Commerce liable under the
policy for whatever inherent diminished value Given could prove at trial.

After Commerce's motion for reconsideration was denied, the judge, at Commerce's
request, reported the following question to the Appeals Court: "Whether
Massachusetts automobile insurers must pay claims of policyholders for so-called
'inherent diminished value,' pursuant to Part 7 (Collision) coverage under the
Standard Automobile Insurance Policy mandated by the Commissioner of Insurance?"

The SJC granted direct appellate review.

No Recovery For 'Stigma'

Sosman said the issue in this case was whether "inherent diminished value" is
included in the policy term "direct and accidental damage to [an] auto caused by
collision. "

She determined that under the "plain wording" of the policy, it was not.

"The policy contains no reference to paying any form of damage other than the
actual repair costs in the event that the vehicle is repaired," the judge said.

Sosman noted that "[a]ny ambiguity as to whether Given was entitled to recover
for inherent diminished value as part of her 'damage' under part seven is
resolved by the express limitation set forth in paragraph eleven of the general
provisions and exclusions: 'In any event, we [the insurer] will never pay more
than what it would cost to repair or replace the damaged property. '"

She explained that since the policy "expressly excludes payment of any amount
higher than repair or replacement costs," it followed that the policy also
"expressly excludes compensation for inherent diminished value when the insurer
has already paid for the repair or replacement of all damaged parts of the
vehicle. "

Seeking to get around this clause, the plaintiff argued that "inherent
diminished value" was meant to be included in the term "repair or replace the
damaged property," because the automobile still suffers some diminution in value
even after full physical restoration.

But again, Sosman found the plaintiff's argument unpersuasive.

"There is nothing exotic about the words 'repair or replace' as used in the
standard policy - both words, in their ordinary usage, refer to the remedying of
tangible, physical damage [and not 'stigma' damage]," said the judge.

She added that "[n]o 'objectively reasonable insured, reading the relevant
policy language' would conclude that these terms include compensation for
diminution in market value or for anything else beyond restoration of the
vehicle's precollision physical condition. "

Sosman said that other relevant statutes and regulations reinforced her
interpretation of the policy.

"From the absence of any reference to inherent diminished value in this
extensive regulatory scheme, it is apparent that the Commissioner of Insurance
does not interpret the standard policy's collision coverage to encompass
compensation for inherent diminished value in addition to compensation for the
cost of repairs," the judge said. "We therefore answer the reported question in
the negative [and] remand[] to the Superior Court for further proceedings
consistent with this opinion. "

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Michigan Lawyers Weekly

                               November 17, 2003

U.S. Court of Appeals 6th Circuit Case Summaries: November 17, 2003

BYLINE: Michigan Lawyers Weekly Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 2257  words


Civil Rights

Disabled Patrons - Movie Theater Construction

Where plaintiff-government sued defendant-movie theatre company under Title III
of the Americans with Disabilities Act for allegedly designing, constructing,
and operating stadium-style movie theaters in a manner that discriminates
against wheelchair-using patrons, the federal district court erred by granting
defendant summary judgment.

"Specifically, the government argued that Cinemark [defendant] was not complying
with the applicable Justice Department regulation, ADAAG(1) Sect. 4.33.3, which
requires that '[w]heelchair areas shall be ... provided so as to provide people
with disabilities ... lines of sight comparable to those for members of the
general public. ' The district court held as a matter of law that Cinemark was
in compliance because its theaters provided wheelchair patrons with unobstructed
views of the movie screen from wheelchair seating located amid or adjacent to
seating for the general public.

"The government alleges that because of the placement of the
wheelchair-accessible locations, wheelchair users are sometimes forced to look
up at the screen at sharp angles, resulting in severe discomfort and pain.
According to the government, these and similar problems have made Cinemark's
stadium-style theaters effectively unusable by persons confined to wheelchairs.
"

We agree with the government that "the 'line of sight' aspect of its regulation
does not require merely that wheelchair users be provided unobstructed views of
the movie screen, but instead requires in addition that the unobstructed views
be 'comparable' to those of other patrons. "

Reversed and remanded.

United States v. Cinemark USA, Inc. (Lawyers Weekly No. 01-50464) (13 pages)
(6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals) (Rogers, J., joined by Daughtrey, J., and
Quist, J., sitting by designation). On appeal from the United States District
Court for the Northern District of Ohio.

Commercial Law

Subrogation - Untimely Claim

Where plaintiff-company paid an affiliate's employee for damages to his property
sustained in a rail container fire and now seeks subrogation from defendant-rail
corporation, the trial court properly concluded that plaintiff's complaint was
untimely.

Mark VII, an international transportation company, issued the bill of lading in
this case. The trial court properly concluded that it was a through bill of
lading; therefore, the Carmack Amendment's two-year statute of limitations did
not apply.

Because Mark VII's bill of lading's nine-month limitation period controls,
plaintiff's claim, filed two years after the fire, is untimely.

Affirmed.

American Road Service Co. v. Consolidated Rail Corp. (Lawyers Weekly No.
01-50465) (4 pages) (6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals) (Mills, J., sitting by
designation, joined by Moore and Gilman, JJ.). On appeal from the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan.

Criminal Law

Sentencing - Discretion

Where the record indicates that the federal district court was aware that it had
the discretion to depart downward from the guidelines based on "reduced mental
capacity" when sentencing defendant for possessing child pornography, the
court's refusal to grant a downward departure is not reviewable on appeal.

"According to the record, the district court ordered Cooper to undergo a
psychiatric and psychological examination at the Federal Correctional
Institution in Butner, North Carolina, in order to determine, among other
things, whether he suffered from diminished capacity at the time of his offense.
The results of the examination indicated that he did not suffer from diminished
capacity. The transcript from the sentencing hearing clearly reveals that the
district court considered Cooper's argument but concluded, based upon the test
results, that a downward departure based upon diminished capacity was
unwarranted .

"Under these circumstances, we must conclude that the district court was aware
of its discretion to grant a downward departure for diminished capacity but
determined that the facts of the case did not justify such a departure.
Therefore, the district court's refusal to grant the downward departure is
unreviewable on appeal. "

Affirmed.

United States v. Cooper. (Lawyers Weekly No. 01-50455) (3 pages) (6th U.S.
Circuit Court of Appeals) (Martin, J., joined by Sutton, J., and Mills, J.,
sitting by designation). On appeal from the United States District Court for the
Eastern District of Kentucky.

Employment

Retaliatory Discharge Claim - Emotional Distress

Where plaintiff said he was discharged in retaliation for coming forward at
management's request 11 months earlier to offer information about a co-worker's
claim of racial discrimination, Title VII protects plaintiff's participation in
management's investigation of the co-worker's claim.

The federal district court incorrectly dismissed plaintiff's retaliatory
discharge suit for lack of a connection between the protected activity and the
discharge after concluding that too much time had passed between the two events.
Two statements attributed to plaintiff's supervisor contemporaneous with the
discharge create a material dispute whether plaintiff was discharged for
engaging in protected activity.

Plaintiff, an employee of Crown Motors, said he would be a witness in Crump's
race discrimination charge filed with the Ohio Civil Rights Commission and the
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission against Morrison and Purnell, who
supervised plaintiff and Crump. Plaintiff had responded to Morrison's call for
any witnesses to come forward. After speaking with plaintiff, Morrison fired
Purnell the next day. Several months later, Crump withdrew his OCRC/EEOC charge.
He later resigned and took another job. About a month later, plaintiff was
discharged. He sued, claiming the discharge was in retaliation for supporting
Crump. Plaintiff also claimed intentional infliction of emotional distress under
Ohio law. The federal district court granted defendant-employer summary
judgment. We reverse in part.

"[W]e hold that Title VII protects an employee's participation in an employer's
internal investigation into allegations of unlawful discrimination where that
investigation occurs pursuant to a pending EEOC charge. "

As a result, plaintiff was engaged in a protected activity when he responded to
the call for witnesses concerning Crump's racial discrimination charge.

"The district court granted summary judgment to defendant on plaintiff's
unlawful retaliation claims on the ground that plaintiff had not presented
sufficient evidence 'to permit the inference that plaintiff would not have been
fired but for his participation in Crump's OCRC charge' and, thus, that
plaintiff had failed to demonstrate 'a prima facie case of retaliatory
discharge. ' In particular, the court relied on the fact that plaintiff was
fired approximately eleven months after he disclosed that he would support
Crump's discrimination charge. However, two of Crown's statements at or near
plaintiff's discharge satisfy the element of causation. Crump's affidavit states
that, on Crump's last day of work, Morrison advised Crump that Morrison would
'get back at those who had supported the charge of discrimination against he and
Crown. ' Crump's last day of work was July 26th, and plaintiff was fired on
August 28th. In addition, plaintiff testified that, only a few days after
Morrison terminated him, Ripley informed plaintiff that Morrison had fired
plaintiff because he had put his nose in other people's business. As plaintiff
testified, he understood this to mean that Morrison fired him for his
involvement in Crump's discrimination suit as '[t]hat was the only thing that
... [he] had his nose in. ' These two pieces of evidence, construed in the light
most favorable to plaintiff, create a genuine issue of material fact as to
whether Crown would have terminated plaintiff had plaintiff not participated in
Crump's EEOC charge. Furthermore, Morrison gave plaintiff what a reasonable
juror could construe as a negative job reference in violation of company policy.
This creates a genuine issue of material fact as to whether Crown would have
given plaintiff such an unfavorable job recommendation had plaintiff not engaged
in protected activity. In sum, we find that plaintiff has offered evidence to
establish a prima facie case of unlawful retaliation. ...

"Plaintiff claims that defendant intentionally inflicted severe emotional
distress upon plaintiff when defendant, knowing of plaintiff's poor heart
condition, terminated him and then gave him a negative job reference in
retaliation for plaintiff's involvement in Crump's discrimination charge. Under
Ohio law, a cause of action for intentional infliction of emotional distress may
lie only where defendant's conduct is 'extreme and outrageous' in that it goes
'beyond all possible bounds of decency,' is 'atrocious,' and is 'utterly
intolerable in a civilized community'; conduct that is merely malicious,
aggravated, or intentional or that entails an intent that is tortious or
criminal is insufficient to render it actionable. ...Even assuming the truth of
plaintiff's allegations, no rational juror could find that this alleged conduct
rises to the level of 'extreme and outrageous' under Ohio case law. "

Affirmed in part, reversed in part and remanded.

Abbott v. Crown Motor Co. (Lawyers Weekly No. 01-50431) (7 pages) (6th U.S.
Circuit Court of Appeals) (Kennedy, J., joined by Guy and Daughtrey, JJ.). On
appeal from the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio.

Prisons And Prisoners

RLUIPA - Unconstitutional

Where plaintiff-prisoners claim that defendant-Ohio corrections officials
violated the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act (RLUIPA), 42
USC Sect. 2000cc-2000cc-5, we conclude that Sect. 2000cc-1 of the act, which
applies to institutionalized persons, is unconstitutional under the
Establishment Clause of the First Amendment.

"The RLUIPA violates the Establishment Clause because it favors religious rights
over other fundamental rights without any showing that religious rights are at
any greater risk of deprivation. "

The primary purpose of the RLUIPA is "to advance religion. " Moreover, "[i]n
addition to its message of endorsement, RLUIPA also has the effect of
encouraging prisoners to become religious in order to enjoy greater rights. "

Reversed and remanded.

Cutter, et al. v. Wilkinson, et al. (Lawyers Weekly No. 01-50480) (11 pages)
(6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals) (Gilman, J., joined by Moore, J., and
Tarnow, J., sitting by designation). On appeal from the United States District
Court for the Southern District of Ohio.

Jurisdiction - Claim Improperly Dismissed

Where plaintiff-prisoner sued defendant-prison bureau and others over a
settlement reached in a prisoner case involving prison telephone system
policies, the federal district court erred by concluding that it lacked
subject-matter jurisdiction in this matter.

"Properly understood, [plaintiff]'s claim essentially asserted constitutional
violations rather than violations of the settlement agreement. We conclude that
these allegations were sufficient to invoke federal question jurisdiction
pursuant to 28 U.S.C. Sect. 1331. "

Reversed and remanded.

Janis v. Ashcroft, et al. (Lawyers Weekly No. 01-50454) (2 pages) (6th U.S.
Circuit Court of Appeals) (Martin, J., joined by Sutton, J., and Mills, J.,
sitting by designation). On appeal from the United States District Court for the
Eastern District of Michigan.

Public Employees

First Amendment - Job Not Political

Where defendant-school supervisor removed plaintiff-teacher from her job as
director of the grant department after she supported his opponent in the school
elections, the federal district court erred by finding that her job was of the
type permitting political discrimination.

"Plaintiff Anna Lea Justice appeals the district court's grant of summary
judgment to defendants, the Pike County Board of Education ("Board") and its
superintendent, Frank Welch, in her free speech and disability discrimination
action. Justice, a certified teacher, worked as Grants Department Director for
the Board. When Welch became the new superintendent, after a campaign in which
Justice supported his opponents, he abolished the grants department and
reassigned Justice to the classroom. Rather than comply, Justice sought and
received a pension based on her physical inability to perform some classroom
duties. The district court rejected Justice's claim that she had been terminated
from her grants department position in retaliation for her political affiliation
because her position was of a type allowing political discrimination. The
district court rejected Justice's disability discrimination claim because
Justice, in seeking a state teacher's disability pension, had implicitly denied
her status as a qualified individual under the ADA. We reverse on both issues. "

After reviewing the four broad categories of positions that constitute
"political jobs," we conclude that plaintiff's job as "Grants Development
Director does not fit within any of them. "

Moreover, we have previously held that an individual is not estopped from making
an ADA claim because she is receiving a retirement disability pension.

Reversed.

Justice v. Pike County Board of Education, et al. (Lawyers Weekly No. 01-50439)
(10 pages) (6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals) (Boggs, J., joined by Siler, J.,
and Steeh, J., sitting by designation). On appeal from the United States
District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                             June 2, 2010 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Weather dampens forest fires; 40 still burning; Rain allows access by ground
crews

BYLINE: ANNE SUTHERLAND, The Gazette

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 483  words


Rainy weather and diminished winds have helped fight the forest fires that have
been raging in Quebec for almost a week.

As of 4 p.m. yesterday, 40 fires were burning in Quebec - down from 45 on Monday
- five of those out of control.

Melanie Morin, a spokesperson for SOPFEU, the provincial agency that coordinates
the battle against forest fires, confirmed that rain in parts of the province
where the fires are burning allowed ground crews to get into areas that were
previously too dangerous. The same conditions grounded many of the water
bombers.

"The rain dampened the ground and raised humidity so we were able to get in with
the ground crews, but with the diminished winds and the continued smoke, the
conditions for air support are reduced as visibility is bad," Morin said.

The fires continue to be concentrated in an area close to La Tuque,
approximately 300 kilometres northeast of Montreal.

Workers managed to contain the fires burning near the aboriginal community of La
Manouane, where residents were taken home by bus at 5 p.m. yesterday. Evacuees
from the Obedjiwan reserve will be going home this morning, while the situation
for Parent and Wemotaci residents will be looked at again today, said
Marie-Elizabeth O'Neill with Quebec's Civil Protection agency.

In the meantime, the Red Cross has issued clothing vouchers for those who have
been out of their homes for six days.

While an area from Quebec City to Ottawa was covered in a dense smoky fog on
Monday, areas as far south as Cape Cod, Mass., reported a smell of smoke in the
air.

Local fire departments and radio stations got calls from citizens in Maine, New
Hampshire and Vermont on Monday.

One news outlet described the haze over Boston as looking like the famous Los
Angeles blanket of smog.

The Massachusetts Department of Environmental Protection issued warnings about
poor air quality in nine counties.

All of this hearkens back to the weekend of July 8, 2002, when a column of smoke
300 kilometres wide drifted down from 44 forest fires raging in James Bay and
Lac St. Jean, turning the skies over Montreal yellowish-green and the sun pink.
In that case, the smoke was detected as far as Connecticut.

The amount of rain that fell yesterday on the burning forests ranged from two to
six centimetres - not a lot, but Environment Canada's forecast for the coming
days around La Tuque is much more promising in terms of quelling the flames: a
60 per cent chance of rain today with winds at 20 kilometres an hour, decreasing
as the day goes on, and rain again on Saturday.

Morin said the current fires are large but concentrated mostly in one area,
which means nothing in terms of guessing how the rest of the summer will go.

"There are many other areas of the province where we could have forest fires
later in the summer. It all depends on Mother Nature if conditions are dry and
hot," Morin said.

asutherland@thegazette.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         North Carolina Lawyers Weekly

                            January 2, 2014 Thursday

Court-ordered psych evidence doesn't violate 5th Amendment, rules U.S. Supreme
Court

BYLINE: Kimberly Atkins

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 586  words


Defendants who offer a diminished capacity defense cannot seek to exclude
rebuttal evidence from court-ordered mental evaluations on Fifth Amendment
grounds, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in Kansas v. Cheever.

The justices reversed a contrary ruling from the Kansas Supreme Court.

The defendant in the case was convicted of capital murder for the shooting death
of a sheriff. At trial in federal court, the defendant had argued that he lacked
the necessary murderous intent because he had been high on methamphetamines for
days at the time of the shooting. Based on his defense, the judge ordered a
psychiatric evaluation.

The defendant's attorney fell ill, putting the federal trial on hold. Meanwhile,
the death penalty was reinstated in Kansas and the defendant was charged in
state court with capital murder. He again asserted a diminished capacity
defense.

The state called the psychiatrist who evaluated the defendant at the order of
the federal judge as a rebuttal witness. The doctor testified that based on his
evaluation, the defendant did not suffer from diminished capacity due to drug
use.

The defendant was convicted and sentenced to death, but the Kansas Supreme Court
later reversed his conviction, holding that admitting the testimony of the
court-ordered analyst violated Cheever's right against self-incrimination
because the psychiatric evaluation was compelled by a federal judge.

The Supreme Court disagreed.

"(W]here a defense expert who has examined the defendant testifies that the
defendant lacked the requisite mental state to commit an offense, the
prosecution may present psychiatric evidence in rebuttal," Justice Sonia
Sotomayor wrote for the unanimous court. "Any other rule would undermine the
adversarial process, allowing a defendant to provide the jury, through an expert
operating as proxy, with a one-sided and potentially inaccurate view of his
mental state at the time of the alleged crime. "

It was Sotomayor who gave the most obvious hint during oral arguments that the
justices were not persuaded by the defendant's argument, asking Cheever's
counsel at one point, "Which way would you rather lose?"

The court rejected the position of groups including the American Civil Liberties
Union that allowing evidence from court-ordered evaluations forces defendants to
choose between forfeiting their Fifth Amendment privilege against
self-incrimination or preserving their Eighth Amendment right to present
mitigating evidence.

"When exercising the Eighth Amendment right subjects a defendant to a
wide-ranging, intrusive probing into his mental processes by state agents, a
capital defendant can be discouraged from offering such evidence at all," stated
the amicus brief submitted by the national ACLU and its Kansas and Western
Missouri chapter.

But Kent Scheidegger, legal director of the Criminal Justice Legal Foundation, a
Sacramento-based criminal justice and victims' rights organization, said after
the ruling that allowing testimony from psychiatric experts is the only way give
jurors a complete picture.

"An examination of the subject is essential for a testifying expert to do his
job properly and for the jury to see the truth," said Scheidegger, who wrote an
amicus brief in the case supporting the prosecution. "If the defendant chooses
to open the door with his own psychological expert, this evidence must be
available to both sides. "

http://www.nclawyersweekly.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from
this resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         South Carolina Lawyers Weekly

                            January 2, 2014 Thursday

Court-ordered psych evidence doesn't violate 5th Amendment, rules U.S. Supreme
Court

BYLINE: Kimberly Atkins

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 586  words


Defendants who offer a diminished capacity defense cannot seek to exclude
rebuttal evidence from court-ordered mental evaluations on Fifth Amendment
grounds, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in Kansas v. Cheever.

The justices reversed a contrary ruling from the Kansas Supreme Court.

The defendant in the case was convicted of capital murder for the shooting death
of a sheriff. At trial in federal court, the defendant had argued that he lacked
the necessary murderous intent because he had been high on methamphetamines for
days at the time of the shooting. Based on his defense, the judge ordered a
psychiatric evaluation.

The defendant's attorney fell ill, putting the federal trial on hold. Meanwhile,
the death penalty was reinstated in Kansas and the defendant was charged in
state court with capital murder. He again asserted a diminished capacity
defense.

The state called the psychiatrist who evaluated the defendant at the order of
the federal judge as a rebuttal witness. The doctor testified that based on his
evaluation, the defendant did not suffer from diminished capacity due to drug
use.

The defendant was convicted and sentenced to death, but the Kansas Supreme Court
later reversed his conviction, holding that admitting the testimony of the
court-ordered analyst violated Cheever's right against self-incrimination
because the psychiatric evaluation was compelled by a federal judge.

The Supreme Court disagreed.

"(W]here a defense expert who has examined the defendant testifies that the
defendant lacked the requisite mental state to commit an offense, the
prosecution may present psychiatric evidence in rebuttal," Justice Sonia
Sotomayor wrote for the unanimous court. "Any other rule would undermine the
adversarial process, allowing a defendant to provide the jury, through an expert
operating as proxy, with a one-sided and potentially inaccurate view of his
mental state at the time of the alleged crime. "

It was Sotomayor who gave the most obvious hint during oral arguments that the
justices were not persuaded by the defendant's argument, asking Cheever's
counsel at one point, "Which way would you rather lose?"

The court rejected the position of groups including the American Civil Liberties
Union that allowing evidence from court-ordered evaluations forces defendants to
choose between forfeiting their Fifth Amendment privilege against
self-incrimination or preserving their Eighth Amendment right to present
mitigating evidence.

"When exercising the Eighth Amendment right subjects a defendant to a
wide-ranging, intrusive probing into his mental processes by state agents, a
capital defendant can be discouraged from offering such evidence at all," stated
the amicus brief submitted by the national ACLU and its Kansas and Western
Missouri chapter.

But Kent Scheidegger, legal director of the Criminal Justice Legal Foundation, a
Sacramento-based criminal justice and victims' rights organization, said after
the ruling that allowing testimony from psychiatric experts is the only way give
jurors a complete picture.

"An examination of the subject is essential for a testifying expert to do his
job properly and for the jury to see the truth," said Scheidegger, who wrote an
amicus brief in the case supporting the prosecution. "If the defendant chooses
to open the door with his own psychological expert, this evidence must be
available to both sides. "

http://www.sclawyersweekly.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from
this resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            August 3, 2005 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Bills camp evolves into 'one and done';
Two-a-day practices kept to a minimum

BYLINE: By Mark Gaughan - NEWS SPORTS REPORTER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 754 words


PITTSFORD -- For the second time in four days of training camp Tuesday, the
Buffalo Bills held just one practice.

Somewhere, Vince Lombardi must be rolling in his grave.

The era of two-a-day practices, one after another, is largely a thing of the
past in NFL training camps.

The Bills will have just six two-a-day workouts out of 19 practice days before
they leave St. John Fisher College, and none of the double sessions are on
back-to-back days.

"We don't go back to back, which to me is important," said coach Mike Mularkey.
"It's just too hard on the body. You don't have the numbers you used to have
when you could sign as many players as you want, so you've got to be smart. I
think that's plenty. As long as we're getting good work in the single practices,
I'm not sure you need more than that."

The need to use camp as a means to whip players into shape diminished a couple
of decades ago. Most players keep themselves close to top condition year-round.

However, the number of two-a-day sessions had diminished further during the past
five or six years because of the increase of spring practices and organized
offseason workouts across the NFL.

"We spend so much time in the offseason," said center Trey Teague. "We're there
for several months. We're on the field in OTAs (organized team activities)
working on plays we installed all year. So coming here is just picking up where
we left off."

"You have to save your guys," said quarterback Kelly Holcomb. "Way back when,
guys were gone from the time the season finished until training camp. So they
kind of got into shape. Now it's a year-round thing. We have minicamp. We have
the OTAs. We're in football all year long with the exception of maybe two
months. I think it's a great thing. You don't have to come out here and kill
yourself. Guys know what they're doing."

The Bills had 11 two-a-day sessions last year. They had just three in 2003,
Gregg Williams' last season as coach. In Williams' first year, when he was
aiming to set a disciplined tone, there were 14 double sessions.

The Chicago Bears have just four two-a-days this summer. Tennessee, Baltimore
and Atlanta each have five, Jacksonville and Cincinnati eight.

A handful of teams still emphasize the double sessions. Dallas coach Bill
Parcells opened camp with eight straight two-a-days, as did Tampa Bay coach Jon
Gruden. Philadelphia has 13 scheduled in the first 15 days of camp.

Tight end Mark Campbell went through a heavy schedule of doubles under former
Browns coach Butch Davis and did not think it helped the club.

"Under Butch we had a lot of two-a-days, and we hit a lot," Campbell said. "It
didn't make for a happy team, I can tell you that. Any time you hit that much,
guys are sick of hitting each other, first of all, and you're so beat up it
takes you 15 minutes to get up."

Bills Hall of Fame coach Marv Levy was among the forerunners of the modern camp
style. In the early '90s, he maintained eight two-a-days was the optimum number
for a team.

"In '88 and '89, he started talking about how we have to cut it back and keep
them fresh," said defensive assistant coach Chuck Lester, who has been with the
Bills 19 years. "The whole idea was keep the players fresh. Marv never wanted to
have two two-a-days back to back. Everybody's getting to that now. . . . We
didn't have that much contact in training camp, and I think the guys were antsy
to hit. They were ready to hit somebody when the season started."

While double sessions have lessened, the Bills are not taking it easy when
they're on the field. The practices are tightly scripted and the players are in
perpetual motion. To a man, they walk off the field drenched in sweat and ready
for a break.

There's a fine line between developing a physical mentality and not risking
injury. Mularkey said he tries to ensure the team works on a physical approach,
in part by making sure the running game gets enough work.

"We're still pretty heavy into the run," he said. "That's our mentality. I know
we script more runs than we do passes. . . . So we're not getting away from it
for any reason."

Defensive tackle Sam Adams has seen the league gradually diminish the double
sessions in his 12-year career and fully supports it. But he couldn't resist
joking about the trend.

"The only thing he didn't do was schedule a couple of golfing and bowling
outings this year," Adams said. "Training camp is not that difficult. You come
and get your work done. If we avoid a lot of injuries, we'll be ready. We'll
definitely be ready."

email: mgaughan@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: James P. McCoy/Buffalo News Coach Mike Mularkey says consecutive
two-a-days are "just too hard on the body." Offensive lineman Bennie Anderson,
left, mixes it up with Ron Edwards during Tuesday's single practice session.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 The Buffalo News


                              77 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                              June 6, 2008 Friday

Obama needs to stop retreating and regain the initiative

SECTION: Pg. A6

LENGTH: 725  words


From Iowa in January through South Dakota and Montana in June, Sen. Barack
Obama, D-Ill., has enjoyed one of the great rides in American political history.
It has been an extraordinary journey magnified, not diminished, by the gritty,
resilient performance of his main rival, Sen. Hillary Clinton, D-N.Y. On that
journey he has given Americans the gift of a new and hopeful chapter in our
troubled racial history.

Two props clearly made it possible for this freshman senator, with far fewer
governmental credentials than most of the other dozen candidates running in both
parties this year, to capture the Democratic nomination.

One is his oratory. He was by far the most compelling speaker. He capsulized his
message of hope and change brilliantly at the Jefferson-Jackson dinner in Des
Moines, Iowa, last fall, and recycled that speech all the way to the end. And
the other is his fundraising and voter-turnout organization, which, despite his
minimal experience, dazzled his rivals with its discipline and efficiency.

None of the establishment Democrats - not even Clinton, who had all the
advantages going in - could match him in these areas.

But still, Obama limped into the nomination as a vulnerable and somewhat
diminished politician.

After winning 11 primaries and caucuses in a row, his magic touch seemed to
depart him. He lost the knack of winning the heart of the Democratic coalition:
working families looking for help in meeting everyday economic challenges.
White, Hispanic, middle-aged or older, they had strong associations with Clinton
and many questions about the commitments that lay behind Obama's sweeping
generalizations.

What Democrats are just beginning to figure out is that Sen. John McCain,
R-Ariz., is positioned to compete with Obama for the votes of the many Americans
who are eager to put the hyperpartisanship of the past eight years behind them
and have a Washington that finally begins to address the nation's challenges.

But anyone who is realistic must recognize that forging fresh agreements in
Congress and the interest-group-dominated capital will take an exceptionally
strong president. Since early March, Obama has not looked like that president.

Once his streak stopped, his only significant win came in North Carolina. He
lost Ohio, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, Kentucky and, on Tuesday, South Dakota -
states where he didn't get that working-class vote.

In the last weeks, Obama visibly retreated. You rarely see a presidential
candidate - let alone a man headed for nomination - back off from the contest to
the extent Obama did. Instead of the frenetic schedule he had kept for months,
Obama made a minimum of appearances in the final states, as if relying on his
momentum to carry him through. That he lost all but one of the major tests was
no surprise.

But the retreat spread further. Over the last two months, Obama has slowly
backed away from his 20-year association with the Rev. Jeremiah Wright, - first
criticizing some of his statements but clinging to their friendship, then
strongly condemning those words, and finally severing his ties to Wright's
former church.

The net result has been to smudge one of the main clues voters had been given to
Obama's fundamental values and beliefs, and to create a new aura of mystery
about this man.

You could even characterize as a retreat the clever strategy the Obama forces
devised for last weekend's meeting of the Democratic National Committee's rules
committee, a strategy that closed down Clinton's last hopes of overcoming him.

Obama could have stood on principle. He was in full compliance with the rules
that were written in advance of the campaign, and he could have insisted that
Clinton also play by the rules. Instead, he backed off and gave her a
meaningless gift of delegate votes.

Obama still has great gifts and substantial assets. So the first imperative at
this point is to stop retreating and regain the initiative - starting with a
clear assertion of his absolute right to choose his own running mate and not be
pressured into a decision by the Clintons or their friends.

At the Republican National Convention in 1980, Ronald Reagan had the wisdom to
reject the plot to install Gerald Ford as his vice president. Such a big-time
decision by Obama could define a leader and lead to a victory.

---

David Broder's e-mail address is davidbroder@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2008 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           December 21, 2013 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Setting the Table for a Regal Butterfly Comeback, With Milkweed

BYLINE: By MICHAEL WINES

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1177 words


CEDAR FALLS, Iowa -- Bounding out of a silver Ford pickup into the single-digit
wind-flogged flatness that is Iowa in December, Laura Jackson strode to a
thicket of desiccated sticks and plucked a paisley-shaped prize.

It was a pod that, after a gentle squeeze, burst with chocolate brown buttons:
seeds of milkweed, the favored -- indeed, the only -- food of the monarch
butterfly caterpillar.

Once wild and common, milkweed has diminished as cropland expansion has
drastically cut grasslands and conservation lands. Diminished too is the iconic
monarch.

Dr. Jackson, a University of Northern Iowa biologist and director of its
Tallgrass Prairie Center, is part of a growing effort to rescue the monarch. Her
prairie center not only grows milkweed seeds for the state's natural resources
department, which spreads them in parks and other government lands, but has
helped seed thousands of acres statewide with milkweed and other native plants
in a broader effort to revive the flora and fauna that once blanketed more than
four-fifths of the state.

Nationwide, organizations are working to increase the monarchs' flagging
numbers. At the University of Minnesota, a coalition of nonprofits and
government agencies called Monarch Joint Venture is funding research and
conservation efforts. At the University of Kansas, Monarch Watch has enlisted
supporters to create nearly 7,450 so-called way stations, milkweed-rich
backyards and other feeding and breeding spots along migration routes on the
East and West Coasts and the Midwest.

But it remains an uphill struggle. The number of monarchs that completed the
largest and most arduous migration this fall, from the northern United States
and Canada to a mountainside forest in Mexico, dropped precipitously, apparently
to the lowest level yet recorded. In 2010 at the University of Northern Iowa, a
summertime count in some 100 acres of prairie grasses and flowers turned up 176
monarchs; this year, there were 11.

The decline has no single cause. Drought and bad weather have decimated the
monarch during some recent migrations. Illegal logging of its winter home in
Mexico has been a constant threat. Some studies conclude that pesticides and
fungicides contribute not just to the monarchs' woes, but to population declines
among bees, other butterflies and pollinators in general.

But the greatest threat to the butterfly, most experts agree, is its dwindling
habitat in the Midwest and the Great Plains, the vast expanse over which
monarchs fly, breed new generations and die during migrations every spring and
autumn. Simply put, they say, the flyway's milkweed may no longer be abundant
enough to support the clouds of monarchs of years past.

Soaring demand for corn, spurred by federal requirements that gasoline be laced
with corn-based ethanol, has tripled prices in a decade and encouraged farmers
to plant even in places once deemed worthless. Since 2007, farmers nationwide
have taken more than 17,500 square miles of land out of federal conservation
reserves, an Agriculture Department venture that pays growers modest sums to
leave land fallow for wildlife. Iowa has lost a quarter of its reserve land;
Kansas, nearly 30 percent; South Dakota, half.

A study published in February in the Proceedings of the National Academy of
Sciences analyzed land use in five states -- Iowa, Minnesota, the Dakotas and
Nebraska -- in the broad arc of farmland where corn and soybeans are intensively
planted. Over the five years from 2006 to 2011, the study concluded, 5 percent
to 30 percent of the grasslands were converted to corn and soybean fields, a
rate it said was ''comparable to deforestation rates in Brazil, Malaysia and
Indonesia.''

At the same time, farmers have switched in droves to new varieties of crops that
are genetically engineered to tolerate the most widely used weed killer in the
United States. The resulting use of weed killers has wiped out much of the
milkweed that once grew between crop rows and on buffer strips separating fields
and roads.

Roughly half of all Mexico-bound monarchs are hatched in the Midwest and depend
as caterpillars on milkweed for food, according to a 2012 study that concluded
that the region lost 58 percent of its milkweed and 81 percent of its monarchs
between 1999 and 2010.

Said Dr. Jackson, ''I can drive five hours east, five hours north, five hours
south, five hours west and see nothing -- nothing -- but corn and soybeans.''

Beleaguered as they are, the butterflies do have one advantage: their seemingly
unmatched popularity. Scientists allow that neither the butterfly nor its
migration is crucial to the balance of nature. But as rallying points for
conservationists and early warning signals of environmental problems, they are
invaluable, backers say.

Monarch Watch's director, Chip Taylor, decided last spring to sell milkweed
''plugs'' to supporters, charging $58 for a flat of 32 plants -- and sold
22,000. The Natural Resources Defense Council gave him a grant this month to
supply still more to 100 schools. Even the crowdfunding website Kickstarter
sports a proposal to rally monarch support through an arts program.

There is no shortage of ideas. The Pollinator Partnership, a San Francisco-based
organization, is pushing for federal legislation that would encourage more state
highway departments to stop mowing roadsides and plant bee-friendly wildflowers
and monarch habitat instead. (Some states, including Iowa, Texas and Minnesota,
already plant some medians and shoulders.)

Next month, the group will publish a booklet showing utility companies how to
establish monarch habitats under their power line rights-of-way. The
organization's executive director, Laurie Davies Adams, promoted aid to monarchs
before the Wildlife Habitat Council, a consortium of major corporations involved
in environmental stewardship.

''This is the Fortune 500 -- big manufacturing and mining concerns,'' she said
in an interview. ''I talked about pollinators and monarchs specifically, and
they get it. But nobody's acting yet.''

A few have stepped forward. Chevron added monarch habitat several years ago to a
500-acre stretch of native wetlands and prairie it maintains on an old refinery
site 20 miles west of Cincinnati. Waste Management Inc. includes
butterfly-friendly plantings on scores of capped landfills around the nation.

Dr. Taylor, of Monarch Watch, said he was convinced that the annual migration to
Mexico can be revived; butterfly populations, he said, can fluctuate wildly from
year to year as weather and habitat change. The insect's troubles probably were
as deep, or deeper, during the Dust Bowl of the 1930s, he said. But so far, he
said, monarch backers are mostly preaching to the choir, ''and the choir's of
limited size.''

Northern Iowa's Dr. Jackson said it would take a much larger -- and speedier --
effort to undo the impact of thousands of square miles of habitat loss.

''Monarchs are just like other iconic species,'' she said. ''Once people stop
being accustomed to seeing them, they stop caring and they forget. Support drops
like a ratchet.''

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/12/21/us/setting-the-table-for-a-fluttering-comeback
-with-milkweed.html

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: A monarch butterfly fed on silky red milkweed at one of the
Monarch Watch way stations spread along migratory routes. (PHOTOGRAPH BY STEVE
SMEDLEY/THE PANTAGRAPH, VIA ASSOCIATED PRESS) (A1)
 Grasslands in Iowa, Minnesota, the Dakotas and Nebraska have been rapidly
converted to corn and soybean fields, a study found. (PHOTOGRAPH BY BRYON
HOULGRAVE/THE GLOBE GAZETTE, VIA ASSOCIATED PRESS) (A12)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              79 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                    December 24, 2015 Thursday 11:05 PM GMT

Tornadoes and severe storms across southern US leave at least 11 dead;
National Weather Service says there is a diminished risk of severe storms as
search and rescue efforts get under way in regions that endured the damage

BYLINE: Amanda Holpuch in New York and agencies

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 755 words


At least 11 people were killed as storms raged across the southern US on
Wednesday, causing rare Christmas-time tornadoes, officials have said.

The storms also caused thousands of flight delays on one of the busiest travel
days of the year.

The National Weather Service said on Thursday that there was a diminished risk
of severe storms as search and rescue efforts were underway in regions that
endured the most significant storm and tornado damage.

At least seven people were killed in the state of Mississippi and at least three
in Tennessee, officials said. Mississippi governor Phil Bryant declared a state
of emergency on Thursday.

"Mississippians are resilient in difficult times, and we will meet this
challenge head on for those that are in need," Bryant said in a statement.

Michaela Remus, 18, died in Arkansas after a tree crashed into her bedroom,
according to the Pope County sheriff's office. Remus's one-year-old sister was
sleeping in the bedroom with her but rescuers were able to pull her from the
home.

"It's terrible that this happened, especially at Christmas," said Pope county
sheriff Shane Jones.

Thousands of people lost power from Mississippi to Michigan during the storms.
Though the risk for severe storms diminished in the south, forecasters warned of
a lingering chance of flash flooding, heavy rains and winds.

Officials said a seven-year-old boy died in Holly Springs, Mississippi when a
tornado swept through the city and tossed over the car he was in. Two people
were also killed and two others were missing in nearby Benton County.

In Tennessee, a 22-year-old man died in Rhea County and a 70-year-old man and
69-year-old woman died in Perry County.

Mississippi Emergency Management Agency spokesman Greg Flynn said that the
agency had recorded more than 40 injuries, including amputations, before dawn on
Thursday.

In the communities hit hardest by Wednesday's tornadoes, search parties hunted
for missing people and volunteers helped clear debris.

Bobby Watkins and his wife huddled beneath their old oak dining table for
shelter as storm winds roaring outside their rural Mississippi home tossed a
barn onto their truck outside, tore the steeple off a nearby church and reduced
a neighbouring building to rubble.

"Santa brought us a good one, didn't he?" Watkins said on Thursday, as the
couple took a Christmas Eve stroll amid the destruction. "I may have lost some
stuff, but I got my life."

In Linden, in the state of Tennessee, Chris Shupiery wore a Santa hat as he cut
fallen trees with a chain saw not far from a home in which two people died in
the storm.

"I figured I'd come down here with my hat," Shupiery said. "I've been wearing it
for Christmas, and this was just the right thing to do, come help a family in
need."

Authorities in Alabama's Pike County asked drivers to stay off the road until
Monday after 10 inches of rain poured down on the southeast part of the state.

In Georgia, heavy rains caused a mudslide and several roads were overwhelmed by
flooding.

More than 4,200 flights were delayed nationwide and 550 flights had been
canceled as of Thursday afternoon, according to flight-tracking website
FlightAware.

Meanwhile, the record-setting east coast temperatures mean that New York City
could experience a warmer Christmas than Los Angeles.

Washington DC reported a record-setting tropical air stream, prompting flash
flood warnings for the metro area and Baltimore.

Wet weather conditions in California provided short term relief for the
drought-stricken state.

The snowpack in the Sierra Nevadas is also higher than average for the first
time in several years, but the increased snowfall there and in Utah increases
the chance of avalanches.

The snowpack needs to be significantly higher for the drought to be over.

Steve Nemeth, water supply forecaster for California's department of water
resources said that levels were good, but cautioned that the December increase
may not last through the winter. "We've been fooled before on above-average
Decembers," Nemeth told the LA Times.

The threat of tornadoes eased as the line of storms moved eastwards on Thursday
and brought heavy rain and thunderstorms to Atlanta, in Georgia and both North
and South Carolina.

The threat of severe weather in that area of the US just before Christmas is
unusual, but not unprecedented, said Greg Carbin, a meteorologist at the
national Storm Prediction Centre. Exactly a year ago, tornadoes hit south
eastern Mississippi, killing five people and injuring dozens of others.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 9, 2015 Saturday

Springs appeals award

BYLINE: Chris Woodka, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 376 words


May 09--Colorado Springs Thursday appealed a $4.665 million jury award for
damages to Walker Ranches by the Southern Delivery System water pipeline.

The appeal was made in Colorado Court of Appeals in Denver.

The city's lawyers said the April 23 verdict was delivered after a nine-day
trial without any other findings or calculations.

The city's lawyers added they had no chance to rebut the closing argument of
Walker Ranches' lawyers that the SDS pipeline across 5 miles of the property had
diminished the value of surrounding land and that testimony did not support the
verdict.

They also claimed the basis for diminished value of the property was not
revealed until opening arguments and the value itself only in closing arguments.

A court judgment on the $4.665 million award was entered Wednesday by Pueblo
District Judge Jill Mattoon.

Gary Walker, whose family owns the land, said the Nature Conservancy was
negotiating with him to buy conservation easements for $1,680 per acre on about
15,000 acres, about $25 million.

"The city had no opportunity to reply to this surprise, unprecedented argument,"
Colorado Springs attorneys wrote in the appeal.

Neither side disputed the value of the $82,900 150-foot-wide utility easement
for a buried 66-inch diameter pipeline which Colorado Springs offered $1,400 an
acre.

Colorado Springs' filing lists 14 points of law, as well as a catch-all "any
other issues" that were not covered by crossappeal.

Among the points raised by Colorado Springs lawyers is whether conservation can
be considered the highest and best use for property, a topic Walker elaborated
on in an interview with The Pueblo Chieftain

after the trial.

Walker explained that conservation is the main purpose for Walker Ranches and
illustrated that by pointing out that the millions of dollars from previous
conservation easements was used to purchase more land with the intent of
preserving ranch land and open spaces for future generations.

Colorado Springs' attorneys also raised the question of whether Mattoon erred by
denying the jury an opportunity to view the property. cwoodka@chieftain.com

___ (c)2015 The Pueblo Chieftain (Pueblo, Colo.) Visit The Pueblo Chieftain
(Pueblo, Colo.) at www.chieftain.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150509-PB-Springs-appeals-award-0509-20150509

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2015 The Pueblo Chieftain


                              81 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           August 15, 2012 Wednesday

Biz Break: Cisco, Applied Materials and NetApp confirm lukewarm tech market,
Facebook rebounds

BYLINE: By Jeremy C. Owens jowens@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 1067 words


Today:Cisco'sCSCO ) earnings report barely beats diminished expectations,
showing that tech market has slowed down, but not in a drastic manner. Also:
Applied Materials and NetApp also live up to lowered expectations, but forecasts
differ; andFacebook rebounds on Wall Street.

Cisco barely surpasses expectations, stock jumps after dividend bump

Cisco released its fourth-quarter and fiscal year earnings report Wednesday,
always one of the most important of such announcements, and the results showed
that the tech sector is performing slightly better than analysts' diminished
expectations.

The San Jose networking giant is seen as a bellwether of the technology sector,
since its equipment is the first link in the chain for large tech purchasers --
once a company, government or other large entity purchases networking equipment,
it will likely go on to purchase new hardware, software, etc. With the global
economy still sputtering, especially in Europe, analysts and investors expect
weak demand for tech equipment, and have brought down their expectations for the
sector, and dramatically punished companies that have still failed to meet them.
Last month's announcement that the company would lay off 1,600 workers couldn't
have helped.

Cisco's earnings report Wednesday squeaked in higher than analysts'
expectations, as the company announced that it had brought in revenues of $11.7
billion, for earnings of 47 cents per share excluding one-time costs. Analysts
had predicted revenues of $11.6 billion and earnings per share of 46 cents.

"For the full fiscal year, we delivered revenue growth of 7 percent as well as a
record year in revenue and earnings per share," Cisco CEOJohn Chambers said in
Wednesday's announcement. "Our strategy ... is proving the right long-term
strategy for our success."

Analysts applauded Cisco's ability to produce numbers better than they expected,
while also saying that it proves their contention that the market is dour.

"They continue to deliver, executing in a tough environment," BGC analyst Colin
Gillis told Reuters, later adding "There's nothing in these numbers that make us
think things got better. It's still a difficult environment."

Cisco stock jumped 5 percent in after-hours trading following the announcement,
but that was likely more attributable to the company's decision to increase its
dividend, the amount paid out to stockholders. Cisco announced a quarterly
dividend of 14 cents a share, 75 percent higher than the 8-cent dividend in the
previous period.

"I love the dividend increase. That's probably the highlight of the report. It's
a significant increase and now they've got a real yield," Gillis said.

Applied Materials, NetApp follow depressing forecasts with earnings

The fear of a weakening tech sector began when Silicon Valley chipmaker Advanced
Micro Devices and chip-equipment maker Applied Materials drastically reduced
their forecasts last month. Applied Materials issued its quarterly report
Wednesday and also barely eclipsed weakened expectations, but the Santa Clara
company's forecast for the current quarter continued to disappoint, and the
stock fell.

Applied Materials said it brought in $2.34 billion for earnings of 24 cents a
share, while analysts expected $2.32 billion and 22 cents a share after pulling
back on their forecasts.

However, Applied still said it expects revenues in the current quarter to fall
25 percent to 40 percent, creating a midpoint of $1.58 billion. Analysts had
forecast revenues of $1.94 billion for the current quarter. The company's
already damaged stock fell more than 3 percent in after-hours trading.

"Economic uncertainty is weighing on top of a seasonal pullback to reduce weaker
near-term demand. And our customers are choosing to delay their investments
until they see stronger demand signals," CEO Mike Splinter said on the company's
conference call.

Another valley company that had experienced losses on Wall Street following a
poor forecast performed much better in its report Wednesday. Sunnyvale
data-storage company NetApp, which hit a 52-week low after giving a
disappointing forecast in its last quarterly report, beat expectations for
earnings per share and matched on revenue.

More importantly, its forecast for the current quarter was in line with
analysts' expectations, and the stock rose as much as 6 percent in after-hours
trading.

Tech stocks gain as Facebook gains following advertising report

Tech was one of the few sectors to show growth Wednesday on Wall Street, as the
tech-heavy Nasdaq gained 0.5 percent while the Standard & Poor's 500 gained only
0.1 percent and the Dow Jones declined 0.1 percent. One of the most talked-about
stocks in recent months had a big day, however: Facebook gained 4 percent.

The Menlo Park social network followed up Tuesday's losses with a gain, as
Bloomberg News reported it was preparing to put ads in users' news feeds on both
personal computers and in its mobile app, and Business Insider said the company
was attempting to detour around federal regulators for approval of its Instagram
deal. Those nuggets seemed to be enough to outweigh another beef with European
privacy regulators, as Germany demanded the company get rid of any
facial-recognition database.

NetflixNFLX ), which has seen its stock get hammered since announcing
disappointing user growth in its earnings report, received a 2.4 percent bump
after announcing an expansion into the same market in which its first original
series was set: Scandanavia.Hewlett-PackardHPQ ) was not as fortunate, falling
0.4 percent after news leaked that it had spun off the WebOS unit into its own
company called Gram.

Silicon Valley tech stocks

Up: Palo Alto Networks, Facebook, Jive,Electronic ArtsERTS ), Symantec,AdobeADBE
), Netflix, Juniper,IntuitINTU ), AMD<SunPowerSPWRA ),Zynga , Cisco, NetApp

Down: Splunk,eBayEBAY ), Yelp,IntelINTC ), Nvidia, Hewlett-Packard,GoogleGOOG ),
Apple

The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index: Up 13.95, or 0.46 percent, to 3,030.93

The blue chip Dow Jones industrial average: Down 7.36, or 0.06 percent, to
13,164.78

And the widely watched Standard & Poor's 500 index: Up 1.6, or 0.11 percent, to
1,405.53

Check in weekday afternoons for the 60-Second Business Break, a summary of news
from Mercury News staff writers, The Associated Press, Bloomberg News and other
wire services. Contact Jeremy C. Owens at 408-920-5876; follow him at
Twitter.com/mercbizbreak.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           August 15, 2012 Wednesday

Biz Break: Cisco, Applied Materials and NetApp confirm lukewarm tech market,
Facebook rebounds

BYLINE: By Jeremy C. Owens jowens@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; News; Local; Business; Columnists; Columnists

LENGTH: 1065 words


Today:Cisco'sCSCO ) earnings report barely beats diminished expectations,
showing that tech market has slowed down, but not in a drastic manner. Also:
Applied Materials and NetApp also live up to lowered expectations, but forecasts
differ; andFacebook rebounds on Wall Street.

Cisco barely surpasses expectations, stock jumps after dividend bump

Cisco released its fourth-quarter and fiscal year earnings report Wednesday,
always one of the most important of such announcements, and the results showed
that the tech sector is performing slightly better than analysts' diminished
expectations.

The San Jose networking giant is seen as a bellwether of the technology sector,
since its equipment is the first link in the chain for large tech purchasers --
once a company, government or other large entity purchases networking equipment,
it will likely go on to purchase new hardware, software, etc. With the global
economy still sputtering, especially in Europe, analysts and investors expect
weak demand for tech equipment, and have brought down their expectations for the
sector, and dramatically punished companies that have still failed to meet them.
Last month's announcement that the company would lay off 1,600 workers couldn't
have helped.

Cisco's earnings report Wednesday squeaked in higher than analysts'
expectations, as the company announced that it had brought in revenues of $11.7
billion, for earnings of 47 cents per share excluding one-time costs. Analysts
had predicted revenues of $11.6 billion and earnings per share of 46 cents.

"For the full fiscal year, we delivered revenue growth of 7 percent as well as a
record year in revenue and earnings per share," Cisco CEOJohn Chamberssaid in
Wednesday's announcement. "Our strategy ... is proving the right long-term
strategy for our success."

Analysts applauded Cisco's ability to produce numbers better than they expected,
while also saying that it proves their contention that the market is dour.

"They continue to deliver, executing in a tough environment," BGC analyst Colin
Gillis told Reuters, later adding "There's nothing in these numbers that make us
think things got better. It's still a difficult environment."

Cisco stock jumped 5 percent in after-hours trading following the announcement,
but that was likely more attributable to the company's decision to increase its
dividend, the amount paid out to stockholders. Cisco announced a quarterly
dividend of 14 cents a share, 75 percent higher than the 8-cent dividend in the
previous period.

"I love the dividend increase. That's probably the highlight of the report. It's
a significant increase and now they've got a real yield," Gillis said.

Applied Materials, NetApp follow depressing forecasts with earnings

The fear of a weakening tech sector began when Silicon Valley chipmaker Advanced
Micro Devices and chip-equipment maker Applied Materials drastically reduced
their forecasts last month. Applied Materials issued its quarterly report
Wednesday and also barely eclipsed weakened expectations, but the Santa Clara
company's forecast for the current quartercontinued to disappoint, and the stock
fell.

Applied Materials said it brought in $2.34 billion for earnings of 24 cents a
share, while analysts expected $2.32 billion and 22 cents a share after pulling
back on their forecasts.

However, Applied still said it expects revenues in the current quarter to fall
25 percent to 40 percent, creating a midpoint of $1.58 billion. Analysts had
forecast revenues of $1.94 billion for the current quarter. The company's
already damaged stock fell more than 3 percent in after-hours trading.

"Economic uncertainty is weighing on top of a seasonal pullback to reduce weaker
near-term demand. And our customers are choosing to delay their investments
until they see stronger demand signals," CEO Mike Splinter said on the company's
conference call.

Another valley company that had experienced losses on Wall Street following a
poor forecast performed much better in its report Wednesday. Sunnyvale
data-storage company NetApp, which hit a 52-week low after giving a
disappointing forecast in its last quarterly report, beat expectations for
earnings per share and matched on revenue.

More importantly,its forecast for the current quarter was in line with analysts'
expectations, and the stock rose as much as 6 percent in after-hours trading.

Tech stocks gain as Facebook gains following advertising report

Tech was one of the few sectors to show growth Wednesday on Wall Street, as the
tech-heavy Nasdaq gained 0.5 percent while the Standard & Poor's 500 gained only
0.1 percent and the Dow Jones declined 0.1 percent. One of the most talked-about
stocks in recent months had a big day, however: Facebook gained 4 percent.

The Menlo Park social network followed up Tuesday's losses with a gain,as
Bloomberg News reported it was preparing to put ads in users' news feeds on both
personal computers and in its mobile app, andBusiness Insider said the company
was attempting to detour around federal regulators for approval of its Instagram
deal. Those nuggets seemed to be enough to outweigh another beef with European
privacy regulators, asGermany demanded the company get rid of any
facial-recognition database.

NetflixNFLX ), which has seen its stock get hammered since announcing
disappointing user growth in its earnings report, received a 2.4 percent
bumpafter announcing an expansion into the same market in which its first
original series was set: Scandanavia.Hewlett-PackardHPQ ) was not as fortunate,
falling 0.4 percent after news leaked that it had spun off the WebOS unit
intoits own company called Gram.

Silicon Valley tech stocks

Up: Palo Alto Networks, Facebook, Jive,Electronic ArtsERTS ), Symantec,AdobeADBE
), Netflix, Juniper,IntuitINTU ), AMD<SunPowerSPWRA ),Zynga , Cisco, NetApp

Down: Splunk,eBayEBAY ), Yelp,IntelINTC ), Nvidia, Hewlett-Packard,GoogleGOOG ),
Apple

The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index: Up 13.95, or 0.46 percent, to 3,030.93

The blue chip Dow Jones industrial average: Down 7.36, or 0.06 percent, to
13,164.78

And the widely watched Standard & Poor's 500 index: Up 1.6, or 0.11 percent, to
1,405.53

Check in weekday afternoons for the 60-Second Business Break, a summary of news
from Mercury News staff writers, The Associated Press, Bloomberg News and other
wire services. Contact Jeremy C. Owens at 408-920-5876; follow him at
Twitter.com/mercbizbreak.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A pedestrian walks past the Cisco logo at the technology company's
campus in San Jose, California in this February 3, 2010, file photo. Cisco
Systems Inc raised its dividend as it reported quarterly revenue and earnings
that beat estimates, thanks to cost savings and an ongoing restructuring
program, August 15, 2012. REUTERS/Robert Galbraith/Files

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           December 4, 1985 Wednesday

Better weather sends   contracts down limit

BYLINE: REUT

LENGTH: 374 words

DATELINE: Chicago IL


Reuter CHICAGO
   Freezing weather in the central United States abated yesterday, allowing
 an increase in livestock shipments that helped send some futures contracts
 down the maximum daily limit, analysts said.

"Weather conditions are better, though still not ideal, and movement  has
improved," said Jerry Abbenhaus, livestock analyst with A. G. E.  Clearing of
St. Louis. "Temperatures are not as cold and the wind isn't  blowing as hard or
making the snow drift to block roads."     Feedlot operators remained concerned
about diminished weight gains for  cattle as a result of the cold, but worries
about serious threats to the  animals' health caused by loss of appetite and
dehydration have  diminished, he said.

Live cattle futures at the Chicago Mercantile Exchange posted limit
 losses early, but closed above session lows after drawing some support
 from higher than expected wholesale cash beef prices, traders said.

Weather concerns have provided much of the support recently, but the
 market looked overbought, and ideas that a fresh winter storm moving in
 from the west poses a diminishing threat to livestock added to selling
 pressure.

Live hog and pork belly futures also recovered from their lows, but
 still closed mostly lower.

Movement of livestock to market increased, but some traders said they
 expect slaughter to fall in line with seasonal trends after hog shipments
 backed up by the storm reach the market.

Grain markets closed mostly firmer, with wheat ranging from half a cent
 to 4.25 cents higher a bushel.

Traders said some months rallied on the outlook for steady export
 tender business in the near term and amid rumors of additional foreign
 demand for U.S. soft red winter wheat under various government-aided
 export programs, which should further tighten supplies.

Corn futures rallied in sympathy with strength in soybeans, which
 outpaced other grains with gains of 10.5 to 4 cents a bushel.

World sugar futures in New York sold off at the close on the prospect
 that a bill currently before Congress will force the Reagan Administration
 to slash sugar imports by up to 500,000 short tons as an alternative way
 of supporting U.S. domestic prices. The United States imports 1.7 million
 tons of raw sugar from offshore producers.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1985 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Norman Transcript (Oklahoma)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 29, 2015 Friday

Stoops doesn't like diminished expectations

BYLINE: John Shinn, The Norman Transcript, Okla.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 667 words


May 29--TULSA -- After Oklahoma radio voice Toby Rowland touted this past
season's Sweet 16 appearance of men's basketball coach Lon Kruger and women's
basketball coach Sherri Coale's trip to the NCAA tournament's second round, the
third Sooner coach at Thursday night's Sooner Caravan interrupted the master of
ceremonies.

"How are you going to spin this?" Bob Stoops asked in front of a crowd of a few
hundred at the OU-Tulsa Schusterman Center.

Rowland laughed. So did the crowd of diehard Sooner supporters. The 8-5 season
OU is coming off of is the 800-pound gorilla in the room.

Typically, events like Thursday's are the chance for Stoops to tout the previous
season's accomplishments. Last year, OU and Stoops had the Sugar Bowl victory
over Alabama to sell to a room full of highly motivated buyers.

This season, the external expectations have shrunk. Baylor and TCU are the
presumptive favorites to win the Big 12 Conference title. Baylor has won two in
a row. The Horned Frogs went 12-1 last season and return a preseason Heisman
Trophy candidate, Trevone Boykin.

The Sooners, who haven't won an outright conference title since 2010 or shared
one since 2012, need their luster polished.

Stoops understood that the dynamic has changed. There are a few sore spots:

--The overtime loss to Oklahoma State, which swung on Stoops' decision to
re-punt in the final minute to then Cowboy punt returner Tyreek Hill.

--The home loss to Kansas State, which included a missed chip-shot field-goal
attempt and blown extra point by former kicker Michael Hunnicutt.

--The TCU loss in which quarterback Trevor Knight threw two interceptions -- one
returned for a touchdown.

Win those three games and the view changes.

"In the end, we've had a few games that we lost," Stoops said. "You have to
defend one big play better. You have to kick an easy kick, whether it be a field
goal or extra point. You can't have a catastrophic turnover and give up points.
All those things go together. If any of those things are a little bit different
in a few games, we have an opportunity to win two-three more games. "It happens.
We have to coach a little better; the players have to make better plays with
those opportunities."

Stoops typically meets with reporters prior to the Tulsa stops on OU's
fundraising summer tour. He declined Thursday, citing a scheduling issue.

He did field queries from fans. One wanted to know how the offense new
coordinator Lincoln Riley is installing will differ from last season.

"What I like about it is it's very regimented. There's a lot of consistency with
what players do -- quarterbacks and receivers. I feel because of all the
consistency and repetition, and methodical nature of the offense, our players
will have a better opportunity to be successful and be more consistent in it
because of all the repetition in it," Stoops said. "Hopefully that will all come
true."

Optimism is the commodity the Sooners have most. They have green-lighted nearly
$170 million in athletic department projects related to athlete enhancement. The
renovation to Owen Field's south end zone, which was improved by the school's
Board of Regent in March, comes with a $160 million price tag. It will improve
seating, but it will also house new football training facilities. Kruger and
Coale will receive a similar one at Lloyd Noble Center.

Enthusiastic fan bases and confident fans make projects like those possible. At
Oklahoma, believing a Big 12 championship, and possibly a national championship,
is on the immediate horizon is part of the deal.

Stoops may believe his program is ready to hoist those trophies. But there were
no bold predictions Thursday night.

Rowland later asked Stoops if it was enjoyable to enter a season without the
external expectation of winning a national championship.

"No. Not one bit. We're not used to that," Stoops said.

___ (c)2015 The Norman Transcript (Norman, Okla.) Visit The Norman Transcript
(Norman, Okla.) at www.normantranscript.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150529-NQ-Stoops-doesn-t-like-diminished-expectations-0529-20150529

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NQ


                      Copyright 2015 The Norman Transcript


                              85 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            November 24, 2013 Sunday

Blank you very much Blueshirts rook Talbot shuts out Predators

BYLINE: BRETT CYRGALIS

SECTION: Late City Final; Pg. 87

LENGTH: 551 words


NASHVILLE, Tenn. - It was The Coach in Black who managed to quiet down the Music
City on a Saturday night.

With Rangers coach Alain Vigneault sporting what he called his "Johnny Cash
Suit," his team went out and absolutely shutdown the Predators, earning a 2-0
win at Bridgestone Arena that was diminished to little more than whispers and
echoes.

"Our guys were focused and ready right from the start," Vigneault said, after
cracking everyone up by giving credit for the win to his black tie, black shirt,
and black suit - nothing but the boots missing from an authentic Cash costume.
"We didn't give Nashville a whole hell of a lot of scoring opportunities."

It was 17 shots on goal, to be precise, the lowest shot total allowed by the
Rangers (12-11-0) this season - an even more encouraging sign after allowing 43
shots on Thursday in Dallas, a 3-2 win to open this five-game road trip. And
that diminished number sounded just fine to backup goalie Cam Talbot, who
stopped all of them en route to his second shutout in as many starts, the career
of this 26-year-old first-year pro now six games old and off to an unimaginably
good beginning.

"I can get used to this," said Talbot, who went to college just a 90-minute
drive away from Nashville in Alabama-Huntsville and has won five of his first
six games while allowing six goals on 158 total shots.

"Another strong game," Vigneault said of Talbot. "When he was asked make some
saves, he did make some saves."

The biggest reason Talbot didn't have a ton of work was because of a dominating
performance from defenseman Ryan McDonagh. In front of the general manager of
the U.S. Olympic team, David Poile - who is also the general manager of the
Predators - McDonagh put on a performance that not just puts his name in ink on
the roster, but is an encouraging sign for the chances of Americans in Russia
come February.

"There's no doubt that you guys are starting to see his stride now," said Derek
Stepan, who played with McDonagh at Wisconsin and got his fifth goal of the
season, his first in eight games, when he finished a great 2-on-1 with Mats
Zuccarello 7:45 into the third, making it 2-0. "Tonight was an example of the
way Mac can just take over."

McDonagh, from St. Paul, Minn., even added a bit of offensive flair, deflecting
a point shot from Dan Girardi 13:13 into the second which opened the scoring.

"It was a good all-around team effort from everyone," said McDonagh, who played
a team-high 25:58. "We just have to keep building on this."

Though the ice was muddy and the Predators (11-10-2) had played nine of their
past 10 games on the road - and also lost their third-highest scorer, Patric
Hornqvist, to injury early in the first - it was Rangers that dictated play from
the get-go. They managed 34 shots on young Nashville goalie Marek Mazanec, and
out-attempted the Predators 56-35.

"We've proven now we can do it," McDonagh said. "Now we have to do it
consistently, game to game."

So now it's on to Tampa for Monday's game against the Lightning, where the
players' fathers will finish their newly reformed trip, which began in
Nashville. And if the Rangers keep playing like this, the fathers might not be
allowed to leave - and Vigneault might have to buy some more black shirts.

bcyrgalis@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: super saver: Cam Talbot made 17 saves against the Predators Saturday
night in the Rangers' 2-0 victory. It was his second straight shutout. Getty
Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             June 5, 2008 Thursday
                                Regional Edition

A Victor on His Heels

BYLINE: David S. Broder

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 760 words


From Iowa in January through South Dakota and Montana in June, Barack Obama has
enjoyed one of the great rides in American political history, breaking
precedents and setting records along the way. It has been an extraordinary
journey, magnified, not diminished, by the gritty, resilient performance of his
main rival, Hillary Rodham Clinton. On that journey, he has given Americans the
gift of a new and hopeful chapter in our troubled racial history.

The two props that made it possible for this freshman senator, with far more
meager governmental credentials than most of the other candidates who ran from
both parties this year, to capture the Democratic nomination are clear.

One is his oratory. He was by far the most compelling speaker. He capsulized his
message of hope and change brilliantly at the Jefferson-Jackson dinner in Des
Moines last fall and recycled that speech all the way to the end.

The other is his fundraising and voter-turnout organization, which dazzled his
rivals with its discipline and efficiency, despite going into this with minimal
experience.

None of the establishment Democrats, not even Clinton, who had all the
advantages going in, could match him in these regards, and the results showed.

But for all his achievements and advantages, Obama limped into the nomination as
a vulnerable and somewhat diminished politician. After winning 11 primaries and
caucuses in a row in February, his magic touch seemed to depart him. He lost the
knack for winning the heart of the Democratic coalition, working families that
look for help in meeting the economic challenges of their everyday lives. White,
Hispanic, middle-aged or older, many of these voters had strong associations
with Clinton and many questions about the commitments that lay behind Obama's
sweeping, reformist generalizations.

What Democrats are just beginning to figure out is that John McCain is
positioned to compete with Obama for the votes of the many Americans who are
eager to put the hyper-partisanship of the past eight years behind them and
witness a Washington that finally begins to address the nation's challenges.

But anyone who is realistic must recognize that forging fresh agreements in
Congress and the interest-group-dominated capital will take an exceptionally
strong president. Since early March, Obama has not looked like that president.
Once his streak stopped, his only significant win came in North Carolina. His
losses included Ohio, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, Kentucky and, on Tuesday,
South Dakota -- states where he didn't get that working-class vote.

In the primary campaign's last weeks, Obama visibly retreated. It is rare that
you see a presidential candidate -- let alone a man headed for nomination --
back off from the contest to the extent that Obama did. Instead of the frenetic
schedule he had kept for months, Obama made a minimum of appearances in the
final states, as if relying on his momentum to carry him through. That he lost
all but one of the major tests was no surprise.

But the retreat spread further. Over the past two months, Obama has in slow
stages backed away from his 20-year association with the Rev. Jeremiah Wright,
first criticizing some of his statements but clinging to their friendship, then
strongly condemning those words and finally severing his ties to Wright's former
church.

The net result has been to smudge one of the main clues voters had been given to
Obama's fundamental values and beliefs, and to create a new aura of mystery
about this man.

You could even characterize as a retreat the clever strategy the Obama forces
devised for last weekend's meeting of the Democratic National Committee's rules
committee, a strategy that closed down Clinton's last hope of overcoming him.
Obama could have stood on principle. He was in full compliance with the rules
that were written in advance of the campaign, and he could have insisted that
she also play by the rules. Instead, he backed off and gave her a meaningless
gift of delegate votes.

Obama still has great gifts and substantial assets. So the first imperative at
this point is to stop retreating and regain the initiative -- starting with a
clear assertion of his absolute right to choose his own running mate and not be
pressured into a decision by the Clintons or their friends.

As it was for Ronald Reagan at the Republican National Convention in 1980, who
had the wisdom to reject the plot to install Jerry Ford as his vice presidential
nominee, this is the big-time decision that could define a leader and lead to a
victory.

davidbroder@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Chris Carlson -- Associated Press; Barack Obama campaigning
Sunday in South Dakota.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Hutchinson News (Kansas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 16, 2011 Sunday

New rules welcomed, but extent diminished

BYLINE: John Green, The Hutchinson News, Kan.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1401 words


Jan. 16--The leak of natural gas from underground storage caverns north of
Hutchinson a decade ago Monday, which erupted through long-abandoned brine wells
to destroy two downtown buildings and kill a couple on the city's east side, has
had lasting impacts on the industry, experts involved in resolving the crisis
said.

The incident identified gaps in the safety and regulation of underground gas
storage, resulting in tightened regulations not just for natural gas, but for
underground storage of other fuels and toxic waste.

A recent federal court ruling, however, has reopened at least part of that gap
when it exempted nearly a dozen of the state's largest gas storage fields from
the rules.

There were other lessons as well, said Rex Buchanan, interim director of the
Kansas Geological Survey and one of those involved in helping resolve the
crisis.

"If it hadn't happened, many wouldn't have believed it was possible," Buchanan
said. "The lesson -- and it's a good one to take away -- is one of humility.
This made it clear that we don't always understand things as well as we think we
may. And that should be a driver in terms of how we approach things down the
road and make decisions. That uncertainty, and the humility it creates, is a
good thing."

A group in Lancashire County, England, fighting development of underground gas
storage in salt caverns near the port town of Fleetwood, also seized on the
Yaggy incident in its battle. While rejected by county officials several times
in the intervening years, the issue remains alive there, with a new proposal
reintroduced just last July.

New regulations

Kansas officials began working on new gas storage regulations within months of
the Hutchinson explosions.

A weak spot in a pipe used to fill one of the massive salt caverns, known as S1,
allowed an estimated 143 million cubic feet of gas to leak into a geologic
fracture underground. As workers, unaware of the leak, continued pumping gas
into the cavern, the pressure forced the gas more than seven miles underground
into Hutchinson, where it erupted from long-forgotten wells created to extract
salt from the earth.

It took nearly three years to develop and adopt the new regulations, which
include such things as double-cased piping into the caverns that must be tested
every 10 years, corrosion-control plans for piping, including regular
inspection, pressure monitoring systems for individual gas caverns -- rather
than cavern clusters -- that trigger alarms, and new gas pressure limits.
Permitting fees were also increased dramatically to help pay for state
oversight.

Another important rule -- one cited by the group of Lancashire County citizens
in northwest England fighting a proposal by Houston-based Canatxx to store
natural gas in salt caverns under the River Wyre at Preesall -- prohibits
construction of gas storage caverns within three miles of a city boundary, not
less than five miles away from abandoned or active mine shafts and at least two
miles away from solution mining operations.

"A positive benefit is that Kansas has excellent rules now," said Joe Ratigan, a
consultant with BP Energy Storage Services hired by the city of Hutchinson as an
adviser at the time of the crisis. "They are the most recent of all the states,
and I think they're working nicely."

Court decision

There are basically two types of underground gas storage in Kansas. One is in
salt caverns like the Yaggy field. The other uses former oil and gas zones that
have been depleted by production, which are refilled with gas, called porosity
wells.

Under the 2003 state regulations, the Kansas Department of Health and
Environment is the agency tasked with oversight of salt storage, while the
Kansas Corporation Commission oversees porosity wells.

Aside from Yaggy, there are no salt cavern storage plants for natural gas in
Kansas, Buchanan said. The industry does use salt caverns to store various types
of LPG gas, which also fall under the rules, but they're not stored under
pressure. There are eight such sites in Kansas, including two near Hutchinson
and four at Conway.

The Yaggy field, ironically, though it still contains gas, doesn't fall under
the new regulations because it is not an active field. ONEOK continues
withdrawing gas from the field, but it has added no gas since 2001.

There are currently 19 natural gas porosity storage fields in Kansas, according
to Doug Louis, director of the division of conservation at the Kansas
Corporation Commission. Companies involved in interstate transfer of gas --
meaning they pipe the gas into Kansas from out of state or sell and ship it out
of state, or both -- operate 11 of the wells. The other eight are intrastate
operations, meaning the gas is produced, stored and used only within state.

The distinction is important because of an April 2010 federal court ruling.

In that case, the Colorado Interstate Gas Company challenged the state's
authority to regulate its 37-year-old porosity storage field in Morton County,
called the Boehm Gas Field. U.S. District Senior Judge Sam Crow sided with the
gas company, finding regulation by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission
(FERC) superseded the state's authority.

"For all intents and purposes, this federal ruling has pre-empted Kansas from
enforcing its regulations on fields that store gas in interstate transmission,"
said Leo Haynos, chief of gas operations and pipeline safety with the KCC.

FERC is the governing agency because the well, though used for storage, is part
of the interstate movement of gas or interstate transportation for commerce.

"The judge said FERC or the Pipeline and Hazardous Material Safety
Administration (PHMSA) have pipeline safety jurisdiction over gas in interstate
transportation," Haynos said. "The problem is that FERC and PHMSA don't regulate
it. They don't have any safety regulation similar to the state's to address
this."

"It is" a concern, Haynos said. "Its' a gap in safety for the public. The
commission is on record of trying to promote some resolution to address this
with federal agencies. Two resolutions are now circulating among various trade
associations to try to get some kind of progress."

That includes the Interstate Oil and Gas Compact Commission, whose members are
being educated about the issue by Kansas, Louis said.

Ratigan noted that in some other states with significant gas production,
including Texas, Louisiana and Mississippi, there is both state and federal
regulation and producers have raised no objections there.

Other benefits

While the ruling removed the largest storage fields from regulation, Mike
Cochran, chief of the geology section at the Kansas Department of Health and
Environment, believes the state's rules have made storage in Kansas safer.

"Cavern storage does go on in Kansas and where regulations were enhanced because
of this, it offers better protection to the public than might have been," he
said. "At the time, there was very limited regulation. This resulted in looking
at the whole gamut of what could happen, at the things we need to be concerned
about. I think the regulations developed are quite protective of the environment
and public property."

The review also resulted in adoption of monitoring systems similar to those
required on gas wells for deep industrial waste disposal wells, he said.

"When we got into it, we saw how good of a system you can end up with and we
thought maybe it was a good idea on deep disposal wells," he said. The state
adopted those regulations just two years ago.

One other thing resulting from the incident, Buchanan noted, was a pretty
detailed understanding of the geology that lies beneath Reno County.

"It was a really interesting experience and pretty intense couple of weeks,"
Buchanan said. "I grew up about 30 miles north of there, so I knew Hutchinson
and I knew some of the people there. But I came away pretty impressed by the
folks in the city and their response to it, particularly the city manager and
city engineer. This situation was completely unlike anything anyone had dealt
with, and they were pretty effective in doing it."

To see more of The Hutchinson News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.hutchnews.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Hutchinson News, Kan.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110116-VZ-New-rules-welcomed-but-extent-diminished-0116-20110116

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VZ


                       Copyright 2011 The Hutchinson News


                              88 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           February 21, 2004 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Angelos Sees Sunny Days Ahead;
Owner Excited About Retooled Orioles, Says Prospect of Team in D.C. Lessened

BYLINE: Dave Sheinin, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Sports; D01

LENGTH: 1063 words

DATELINE: FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. Feb. 20


On the eve of the Baltimore Orioles' first spring workout, Orioles Fan Number
One could barely contain his excitement. For Peter Angelos, this spring finds
his ownership in rejuvenated health -- with a promising team about to take the
field Saturday, brisk sales at the ticket offices and what Angelos perceives to
be a diminished threat of a team winding up in the Washington area.

On this last point, Angelos makes clear he has received no assurances from Major
League Baseball the Montreal Expos will not be moved to the Washington area --
"Nothing has been guaranteed," he said. But he said he feels the prospect of a
team winding up in Washington or Northern Virginia, which he opposes vehemently,
has diminished in recent months.

"Originally when the [relocation] discussion began," Angelos said, "Washington
was about the only real competing group. Now I think there are three or four.
That obviously raises the potential that there won't be a team so proximate to
us. . . . What I mean is, I've stopped worrying about it."

Baseball has vowed to move the Expos, which the league owns and operates,
following the 2004 season. In addition to Washington-Northern Virginia, the
league is considering proposals from Las Vegas; Portland, Ore.; the Hampton
Roads region of Virginia; San Juan, Puerto Rico; and Monterrey, Mexico.

"My feeling is, with all due respect to the Washington area and the groups
trying to get a team, it would be an affront to the Orioles franchise, and both
franchises would drive themselves financially into the ground," Angelos said.

In a wide-ranging telephone interview from his Baltimore law office, Angelos,
74, also shot down rumors he is trying to sell the team ("Categorically, no," he
said); asserted a .500 finish for the Orioles would be a "reasonable"
accomplishment this season; compared his new manager, Lee Mazzilli, to the most
beloved skipper in franchise history; and shrugged off this week's monumental
trade by the division-rival New York Yankees.

In general, Angelos painted a picture of a franchise on the rise.

"My goal is to get the team into a competitive posture this year, and by next
year to get us back, not to just within a strike of the World Series, but to the
World Series itself," he said. "As long as we can maintain our present territory
and television opportunities, we will have the resources to do that. . . .

"This winter was a very productive period. If we can duplicate it next winter,
we should have one very formidable team going into 2005. There's more to come."

A $123 million spending spree this winter -- which netted the Orioles free
agents Miguel Tejada, Javy Lopez, Rafael Palmeiro, Sidney Ponson and Mike DeJean
-- was made possible in part by the expiration of several ill-fated, burdensome
contracts, such as Albert Belle's five-year $65 million albatross. After this
season, the team gets out from under several other such contracts, such as David
Segui's four-year $28 million deal.

"We had to shed the contracts before we could move forward," Angelos said.
"We've managed to do that and wipe the slate mostly clean. And after this year,
it will be completely done."

Long criticized for his hands-on management style, Angelos left the team's
managerial search this fall to his front-office chiefs, Jim Beattie and Mike
Flanagan, who stunned many observers by choosing a man, Mazzilli, with no
managing experience and no Orioles ties. Although Angelos has yet to meet
Mazzilli face-to-face, he predicted big things for him.

"From what I hear he is an exceptional guy, and I predict he is going to be a
very colorful, Earl Weaver-type of manager," Angelos said, referring to the man
who guided the Orioles to four World Series appearances between 1968 and 1986.
"I think he's going to be just a major baseball personality in this region."

The Orioles have not posted a winning season since 1997, when they went
wire-to-wire to win the American League East, eventually losing to the Cleveland
Indians in the league championship series.

Angelos said a .500 finish is attainable this year. "And hopefully we can do
better than that," he said. "But to do that we have to get some breaks and avoid
injuries. I think the key for us is not only the very able players we have
added, but also the young players who have one more year of experience under
their belts."

Like most observers around the game, Angelos was stunned last weekend by the
Yankees' acquisition of the reigning AL MVP, shortstop Alex Rodriguez, from the
Texas Rangers for second baseman Alfonso Soriano -- a move Angelos called
"brilliant" and "very ingenious."

In the aftermath of the trade, Boston Red Sox owner John Henry, whose team made
a failed attempt earlier in the winter to acquire Rodriguez, decried the
Yankees' outsized payroll and advocated a salary cap. This prompted Yankees
owner George Steinbrenner to retort that Henry's plea amounted to "sour grapes."

Angelos, who served on the owners' negotiating committee during the 2002
bargaining negotiations with the players' association and who has since been
named to MLB's Executive Committee, said he agreed with the substance of Henry's
statement, though not necessarily in regard to the Rodriguez deal.

"Putting aside the A-Rod deal and the entire Yankees-Red Sox feud, Henry is
essentially correct when he says we need to control the salary levels in the
game," Angelos said. "I won't disagree with him."

Angelos added: "In Baltimore, of course, we would have preferred it if [the
trade] did not happen."

With pitchers and catchers reporting Friday, Mazzilli met many of his new
players for the first time. "You can see it in their eyes," he said.
"Excitement." After taking physicals Saturday morning, pitchers and catchers
will take the field for their first workout around 11:30.

"The slate is clean," Mazzilli said. "[For] the players who have been here in
the past, what may have happened, what may not have happened, what is said, what
is rumored -- the slate is clean."

Lopez, the all-star catcher whom the Orioles signed to a three-year, $22.5
million deal in December, was among the first players to arrive. He apologized
for skipping the team's FanFest in Baltimore earlier this month, for which he
was reprimanded by team officials.

Lopez said he missed the event for "personal reasons" and vowed, "It's not going
to happen again."

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              89 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 15, 2013 Wednesday

SI report: Penn State medical coverage diminished

BYLINE: Rich Scarcella, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 828 words


May 15--Former Penn State football team physician and orthopedic surgeon Wayne
Sebastianelli was relieved of his duties in January because of a personal and
professional rivalry with athletic director Dave Joyner, Sports Illustrated
suggested in a story published Wednesday.

The story, written by David Epstein, also said that the Nittany Lions will
receive less on-site medical coverage because Scott Lynch, the new orthopedic
surgeon, will be traveling from Hershey and will be required to be at practice
only one day a week. Peter Seidenberg, the team's new primary-care physician,
will be at every practice.

"Care of our student-athletes is a top priority for Penn State, as it always has
been," Joyner said in a statement released by the school. "The present medical
care is very consistent with peer institutions in the Big Ten and elsewhere.

"It's terribly unfortunate some want to make baseless accusations. We refuse to
engage in such a conversation. The vast majority of Penn Staters want the focus
to be on our dedicated student-athletes, as it should be."

Also in the story, three Penn State "health care" sources told Sports
Illustrated that head football trainer Tim Bream operated an X-ray machine,
administered an inhaler to a player who does not have asthma and lanced a boil
on a player's neck even though he doesn't have special certification or a
medical license.

In addition, former walk-on player Garrett Lerner told the magazine that Bream
treated him with an electronic-stimulation machine in February even though the
contact pads were worn down. Lerner said he ended up with two severe burns on
his right leg, which trainers simply covered.

After his leg became painful and infected, Lerner eventually was treated at
Lehigh Valley Medical Center near his hometown of New Tripoli. He left the team
in March because of an unrelated injury.

Sources also told SI that Bream, a Penn State graduate who spent 15 years with
the Chicago Bears, told team physicians to stop talking to parents of players.

"Questions and rumors about the head athletic trainer (Bream) were investigated
by an outside law firm in January," a statement issued by Penn State athletics
spokesman Jeff Nelson said. "The legal team's report concluded there was no
credible or substantial evidence to support the allegations or rumors, and there
was no wrongdoing or violation of any professional standards.

"Mr. Bream is a respected and dedicated professional who provides care to
hundreds of our student-athletes."

Football coach Bill O'Brien hired Bream to replace longtime trainer George
Salvaterra shortly after he was hired in January 2012, but Bream also worked
with Joyner on the U.S. medical staff for the 1992 Olympics.

That was the same year that Sebastianelli was hired as the football team's
orthopedic surgeon and head physician and as Penn State's director of athletic
medicine who reported directly to the head of the College of Medicine.

According to SI sources, Joyner, also an orthopedic surgeon, wanted the
position. Sebastianelli's hiring did not go over well with Joyner and began a
rivalry between the two. One former staff member told the magazine that Joyner
told his two sons, who played for the football team in the 1990s, to tell
teammates that he could operate on them.

Those feelings might not have subsided. Four days after Joyner was made
permanent athletic director in January, Sebastianelli was relieved of his
football duties and told to clear out his office by the end of the day,
according to SI.

Sebastianelli remains the university's director of athletic medicine, but he no
longer works directly with the football team. Several doctors in State College
were stunned by the move and declined offers to succeed Sebastianelli, according
to the story.

O'Brien said he reviewed the medical staff during his first season, recommended
the changes and that Joyner approved them.

"Dr. Lynch and Dr. Seidenberg were identified as excellent doctors who could
serve in this role," O'Brien said in a statement issued by Penn State. "Dr.
Seidenberg will attend our practices and Dr. Lynch will be here on game day.

"From a coverage standpoint we have exactly the same level of medical care as we
had previously."

According to one SI source, Joyner's rationale to make the moves was cost
savings.

"It's less good care in exchange for saving a few bucks," said Vincent
Pellegrini, the former chair of the department of orthopedics at the Penn State
Hershey Medical Center.

Pellegrini, now chair of orthopedic surgery at the Medical University of South
Carolina, didn't mince words when it came to Joyner.

"He has a business conflict of interest and a personal conflict of interest,"
Pellegrini said. "My own opinion is that he's not an honorable guy in this
situation."

Contact Rich Scarcella: 610-371-5070 or rscarcella@readingeagle.com

___ (c)2013 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130515-RE-SI-report-Penn-State-medical-coverage-diminished
-0515-20130515

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2013 Reading Eagle


                              90 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                            January 23, 2009 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Perry restakes on eminent domain

BYLINE: Jason Embry AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 682 words


Gov. Rick Perry moved Thursday to quiet grumblings that he isn't protecting
private property rights, suggesting that the state constitution forbid the
acquisition of land for nonpublic uses through condemnation proceedings.

His support of the amendment lets Perry play offense on the issue of eminent
domain, but for some, it doesn't go far enough. The constitutional amendment
would not address key tenets of 2007 eminent-domain legislation that Perry
vetoed over the objections of the Texas Farm Bureau and some others who have
previously supported him.

Property rights were already a touchy issue for Perry because many rural Texans
see his ambitious transportation plan - once dubbed the Trans-Texas Corridor -
as a threat to their land. The 2007 veto widened an opening for U.S. Sen. Kay
Bailey Hutchison, who is likely to challenge Perry in the 2010 Republican
primary, to criticize him. "Our state government ignores private property
rights," she said in a recent fundraising appeal.

The constitutional amendment would seek to strengthen a bill that lawmakers
passed overwhelmingly in 2005 to bar the acquisition of land for private use.
The legislation was a response to a U.S. Supreme Court ruling that year that a
government can transfer land from one private owner to another for economic
development purposes.

"Unless we take action on these protections, private property rights in Texas
will begin to erode and undermine the very character of our state," Perry said.

But the 2007 bill that he vetoed - House Bill 2006 - dealt with other issues
related to condemnation proceedings, including the question of "diminished
access," which has been a point of disagreement between Perry and some of his
historic allies.

State law says that a property owner can be compensated for diminished access if
condemnation proceedings substantially decrease the owner's access to roadways.
The legislation that Perry vetoed would have made compensation possible for "any
diminished access," and Perry said it could result in taxpayers paying large
sums to landowners who still had most of their access intact.

For the Farm Bureau, diminished access is a deal-breaker. Though Kenneth
Dierschke, the group's president, cheered Perry for supporting a constitutional
amendment, he said, "any eminent domain reform must also address fair
compensation and consider all factors between a willing buyer and seller -
especially diminished access."

The Farm Bureau, which represents 422,000 Texas agricultural families, could
provide a critical endorsement in the 2010 primary.

Perry spokeswoman Katherine Cesinger said Perry does not think lawmakers should
revisit the issue of diminished access. "He thinks that many elements of the
original HB 2006 should be addressed again this session and looks forward to
working with legislators on getting those passed," Cesinger said.

Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst said Thursday that he'll work for an eminent domain bill
that is similar to the one that Perry vetoed.

"I do know that the governor would like to reach a consensus on the bill, and I
for one stand ready to play shuttle diplomacy," Dew­hurst said.

As for the constitutional amendment, it would provide a clear definition of
public use and balance out the Legislature's historic tendency to freely grant
eminent-domain authority, said Sen. Robert Duncan , a Lubbock Republican who is
working on it.

"The purpose of a constitutional amendment is to require the Legislature to
provide more scrutiny in its grants of eminent domain authority and also allow
property owners the ability to defend their property," Duncan said.

Duncan said he expects a robust debate about the definition of public use.

Part of that debate could center on how highway construction is defined when
private companies are heavily involved in the roads' financing - a key pillar of
Perry's transportation plans.

"In Texas we understand the concept of having as a last resort the process of
eminent domain to build our schools, to build our roads, to make sure we have
electrical power to drive our economy," Perry said.

jembry@statesman.com; 445-3572

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                              June 6, 2008 Friday
                                  1ST Edition

Obama must stop his retreating

SECTION: oped; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 752 words


From Iowa in January through South Dakota and Montana in June, Barack Obama has
enjoyed one of the great rides in American political history, breaking
precedents and setting records along the way. It has been an extraordinary
journey, magnified, not diminished, by the gritty, resilient performance of his
main rival, Hillary Rodham Clinton. On that journey he has given Americans the
gift of a new and hopeful chapter in our troubled racial history.

The two props that made it possible for this freshman senator, with far more
meager governmental credentials than most of the other dozen candidates running
in both parties this year, to capture the Democratic nomination, are clear.

One is his oratory. He was by far the most compelling speaker. He capsulized his
message of hope and change brilliantly at the Jefferson-Jackson dinner in Des
Moines last fall, and recycled that speech all the way to the end. And the other
is his fundraising and voter-turnout organization that dazzled his rivals with
its discipline and efficiency, despite going into this with minimal experience.

None of the establishment Democrats, not even Clinton, who had all the
advantages going in, could match him in these regards, and the results showed.

But for all those achievements and all those advantages, Obama limped into the
nomination as a vulnerable and somewhat diminished politician. After winning 11
primaries and caucuses in a row, his magic touch seemed to depart him.

He lost the knack of winning the heart of the Democratic coalition, working
families that look for help in meeting the economic challenges of their everyday
lives. White, Hispanic, middle-aged or older, they had strong associations with
Clinton and many questions about the commitments that lay behind Obama's
sweeping, reformist generalizations.

What Democrats are just beginning to figure out is that John McCain is
positioned to compete with Obama for the votes of the many Americans who are
eager to put the hyper-partisanship of the past eight years behind them and
witness a Washington that finally begins to address the nation's challenges.

But anyone who is realistic must recognize that forging fresh agreements in
Congress and the interest-group-dominated capital will take an exceptionally
strong president. Since early March, Obama has not looked like that president.
Once his streak stopped, his only significant win came in North Carolina. He
lost Ohio, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, Kentucky and, on Tuesday, South Dakota -
states where he didn't get that working-class vote.

In the last weeks, Obama visibly retreated. It is rare that you see a
presidential candidate - let alone a man headed for nomination - back off from
the contest to the extent Obama did. Instead of the frenetic schedule he had
kept for months, Obama made a minimum of appearances in the final states, as if
relying on his momentum to carry him through. That he lost all but one of the
major tests was no surprise.

But the retreat spread further. Over the last two months, Obama has in slow
stages backed away from his 20-year association with the Rev. Jeremiah Wright,
first criticizing some of his statements but clinging to their friendship, then
strongly condemning those words and finally severing his ties to Wright's former
church.

The net result has been to smudge one of the main clues voters had been given to
Obama's fundamental values and beliefs, and to create a new aura of mystery
about this man.

You could even characterize as a retreat the clever strategy the Obama forces
devised for last weekend's meeting of the Democratic National Committee's rules
committee, a strategy that closed down Clinton's last hopes of overcoming him.
Obama could have stood on principle. He was in full compliance with the rules
that were written in advance of the campaign, and he could have insisted that
she also play by the rules. Instead, he backed off and gave her a meaningless
gift of delegate votes.

Obama still has great gifts and substantial assets. So the first imperative at
this point is to stop retreating and regain the initiative - starting with a
clear assertion of his absolute right to choose his own running mate and not be
pressured into a decision by the Clintons or their friends.

Like Ronald Reagan at the Republican National Convention in 1980, having the
wisdom to reject the plot to install Jerry Ford as his vice president, this is
the big-time decision that could define a leader and lead to a victory.

David Broder writes for The Washington Post.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                           December 21, 2013 Saturday

Tamed prairies threaten a flying beauty;
Monarch butterflies dwindle as their feeding spots turn into cropland

BYLINE: MICHAEL WINES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 1221 words

DATELINE: Cedar Falls, IOWA

ABSTRACT

Clouds of Monarch butterflies dwindle as their feeding spots in the United
States midsections are turned into cropland.

FULL TEXT

Bounding out of a silver Ford pickup into the single-digit, wind-flogged,
flatness that is Iowa in December, Laura Jackson strode to a thicket of
desiccated sticks and plucked a paisley-shaped prize.

It was a pod that, after a gentle squeeze, burst with chocolate-brown buttons:
seeds of milkweed, the favored - indeed, the only - food of the Monarch
butterfly caterpillar.

Once wild and common, milkweed has diminished as cropland expansion has
dramatically cut grasslands and conservation lands. Diminished, too, is the
iconic Monarch.

Dr. Jackson, a University of Northern Iowa biologist and director of its
Tallgrass Prairie Center, is part of a growing effort to rescue the Monarch. Her
prairie center not only grows milkweed seeds for the state's natural resources
department, which spreads them in parks and other government lands, but has also
seeded thousands of acres statewide with milkweed and other native plants in a
broader effort to revive the flora and fauna that once blanketed more than
four-fifths of the state.

Across the United States, organizations are working to boost the Monarchs'
flagging numbers. At the University of Minnesota, a coalition of nonprofits and
government agencies called Monarch Joint Venture is financing research and
conservation efforts. At Kansas University, Monarch Watch has enlisted
supporters to create nearly 7,450 so-called way stations, milkweed-rich
backyards and other feeding and breeding spots along the butterfly's migration
routes on the East and West Coasts and the Midwest.

But it remains an uphill struggle. The number of Monarchs that completed the
largest and most arduous migration this autumn, from the northern United States
and Canada to a mountainside forest in Mexico, dropped precipitously, apparently
to the lowest level yet recorded. In 2010 at the University of Northern Iowa, a
summertime count of butterflies in some 100 acres, or 40.7 hectares, of
cultivated prairie grasses and flowers turned up 176 Monarchs; this year there
were 11.

The decline has no single cause. Drought and bad weather have decimated the
Monarch during some recent migrations. Climate change is already causing some
butterfly ranges to creep northward as southern habitats grow too warm. Some
studies conclude that pesticides play a role, although others indicate that the
rise of genetically modified crops that create their own pesticides has had
little impact.

But the butterfly's biggest threat, most experts agree, is its dwindling habitat
in the Midwest and Great Plains, the vast expanse over which Monarchs fly, breed
new generations and die during migrations every spring and autumn. Simply put,
they say, the flyway's milkweed may no longer be abundant enough to support the
clouds of Monarchs of years past.

Soaring demand for corn, spurred by federal requirements that gasoline be laced
with corn-based ethanol, has tripled prices in a decade and encouraged farmers
to plant even in places once deemed worthless. Since 2007, farmers nationwide
have taken more than 17,500 square miles, or 45,325 kilometers, of land out of
federal conservation reserves, an Agriculture Department venture that pays
growers modest sums to leave land fallow for wildlife. Iowa has lost a quarter
of its reserve land; Kansas, nearly 30 percent; South Dakota, half.

A study published in February in the Proceedings of the National Academy of
Sciences analyzed land use in five states - Iowa, Minnesota, the Dakotas and
Nebraska - in the broad arc of farmland where corn and soybeans are intensively
planted. Over the five years from 2006 to 2011, the study concluded, 5 to 30
percent of the grasslands were converted to corn and soybean fields, a rate that
it said was ''comparable to deforestation rates in Brazil, Malaysia and
Indonesia.''

At the same time, farmers have switched in droves to new varieties of crops that
are genetically engineered to tolerate the most widely used weed killer in the
United States. The resulting use of weed killers has wiped out much of the
milkweed that once grew between crop rows and on buffer strips separating fields
and roads.

Roughly half of all Mexico-bound Monarchs are hatched in the Midwest and depend
as caterpillars on milkweed for food, according to a 2012 study that concluded
that the region lost 58 percent of its milkweed and 81 percent of its Monarchs
between 1999 and 2010.

Said Dr. Jackson, of the Tallgrass Prairie Center: ''I can drive five hours
east, five hours north, five hours south, five hours west, and see nothing -
nothing - but corn and soybeans.''

Beleaguered as they are, the butterflies do have one advantage: their seemingly
unmatched popularity. Scientists allow that neither the butterfly nor its
migration is crucial to the balance of nature. But as rallying points for
conservationists and early-warning signals of environmental problems, they are
invaluable, backers say.

Monarch Watch's director, Chip Taylor, decided last spring to sell milkweed
''plugs'' to supporters, charging $58 for a flat of 32 plants - and sold 22,000.
The Natural Resources Defense Council gave him a grant this month to supply
still more to 100 schools. Even the crowd-funding website Kickstarter sports a
proposal to rally Monarch support through an arts program.

There is no shortage of ideas. The Pollinator Partnership, a San Francisco-based
organization, is pushing federal legislation that would encourage more state
highway departments to stop mowing roadsides and plant bee-friendly wildflowers
and Monarch habitat instead. (Some states, including Iowa, Texas and Minnesota,
plant some medians and shoulders.)

Next month, the group will publish a booklet showing utility companies how to
establish Monarch habitats under their power-line rights-of-way. The
organization's executive director, Laurie Davies Adams, touted aid to monarchs
before the Wildlife Habitat Council, a consortium of major corporations involved
in environmental stewardship.

''This is the Fortune 500 - big manufacturing and mining concerns,'' she said in
an interview. ''I talked about pollinators and Monarchs specifically, and they
get it. But nobody's acting yet.''

In fact, a few have stepped forward. Chevron added Monarch habitat several years
ago to a 500-acre stretch of native wetlands and prairie it maintains on an old
refinery site 20 miles, or 32, kilometers, west of Cincinnati. Waste Management
Inc. includes butterfly-friendly plantings on scores of capped landfills around
the nation.

Dr. Taylor, of Monarch Watch, said he was convinced that the Monarch's annual
migration to Mexico could be revived; butterfly populations, he said, can
fluctuate wildly from year to year as weather and habitat change. The insect's
troubles were probably as deep, or deeper, during the Dust Bowl years of the
1930s, he said.

But so far, he said, Monarch backers are mostly preaching to the choir, ''and
the choir's of limited size.'' Northern Iowa's Dr. Jackson said it would take a
much larger - and speedier - effort to undo the impact of thousands of square
miles of habitat loss.

''Monarchs are just like other iconic species,'' she said. ''Once people stop
being accustomed to seeing them, they stop caring and they forget.''

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              June 6, 2008 Friday

Obama campaign coasted to the end

BYLINE: David Broder

SECTION: A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 767 words


From Iowa in January through South Dakota and Montana in June, Barack Obama has
enjoyed one of the great rides in American political history, breaking
precedents and setting records along the way. It has been an extraordinary
journey, magnified, not diminished, by the gritty, resilient performance of his
main rival, Hillary Rodham Clinton. On that journey he has given Americans the
gift of a new and hopeful chapter in our troubled racial history. The two props
that made it possible for this freshman senator, with far more meager
governmental credentials than most of the other dozen candidates running in both
parties this year, to capture the Democratic nomination, are clear.

One is his oratory. He was by far the most compelling speaker. He capsulized his
message of hope and change brilliantly at the Jefferson-Jackson dinner in Des
Moines last fall, and recycled that speech all the way to the end. And the other
is his fundraising and voter-turnout organization that dazzled his rivals with
its discipline and efficiency, despite going into this with minimal experience.
None of the establishment Democrats, not even Clinton, who had all the
advantages going in, could match him in these regards, and the results showed.
But for all those achievements and all those advantages, Obama limped into the
nomination as a vulnerable and somewhat diminished politician. After winning 11
primaries and caucuses in a row, his magic touch seemed to depart him. He lost
the knack of winning the heart of the Democratic coalition, working families
that look for help in meeting the economic challenges of their everyday lives.
White, Hispanic, middle-aged or older, they had strong associations with Clinton
and many questions about the commitments that lay behind Obama's sweeping,
reformist generalizations. What Democrats are just beginning to figure out is
that John McCain is positioned to compete with Obama for the votes of the many
Americans who are eager to put the hyper-partisanship of the past eight years
behind them and witness a Washington that finally begins to address the nation's
challenges. But anyone who is realistic must recognize that forging fresh
agreements in Congress and the interest-group-dominated capital will take an
exceptionally strong president. Since early March, Obama has not looked like
that president. Once his streak stopped, his only significant win came in North
Carolina. He lost Ohio, Pennsylvania, West Virginia, Kentucky and, on Tuesday,
South Dakota - states where he didn't get that working-class vote. In the last
weeks, Obama visibly retreated. It is rare that you see a presidential candidate
- let alone a man headed for nomination - back off from the contest to the
extent Obama did. Instead of the frenetic schedule he had kept for months, Obama
made a minimum of appearances in the final states, as if relying on his momentum
to carry him through. That he lost all but one of the major tests was no
surprise. But the retreat spread further. Over the last two months, Obama has in
slow stages backed away from his 20-year association with the Rev. Jeremiah
Wright, first criticizing some of his statements but clinging to their
friendship, then strongly condemning those words and finally severing his ties
to Wright's former church. The net result has been to smudge one of the main
clues voters had been given to Obama's fundamental values and beliefs, and to
create a new aura of mystery about this man. You could even characterize as a
retreat the clever strategy the Obama forces devised for last weekend's meeting
of the Democratic National Committee's rules committee, a strategy that closed
down Clinton's last hopes of overcoming him. Obama could have stood on
principle. He was in full compliance with the rules that were written in advance
of the campaign, and he could have insisted that she also play by the rules.
Instead, he backed off and gave her a meaningless gift of delegate votes. Obama
still has great gifts and substantial assets. So the first imperative at this
point is to stop retreating and regain the initiative - starting with a clear
assertion of his absolute right to choose his own running mate and not be
pressured into a decision by the Clintons or their friends. Like Ronald Reagan
at the Republican National Convention in 1980, having the wisdom to reject the
plot to install Jerry Ford as his vice president, this is the big-time decision
that could define a leader and lead to a victory. Broder, recipient of the
Pulitzer Prize, writes for The Washington Post. Broder's e-mail address is
davidbroder@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                     December 24, 2015 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Car Appraisals & Claims Releases End of Year Summary: More Than 8,100 Reports
Processed in 2015

LENGTH: 260  words


Dec. 24 -- Car Appraisals & Claims(CAC), the leading vehicle appraisal company
in the south, is celebrating a record year, 8,103 claims processed in 2015.

Serving the entire southeast region, CAC provides its clients with vehicle
valuation reports for various insurance claims.

As an independent car appraisal company, CAC's services are requested by a
multitude of clients including:

* Insurance Carriers

* Personal Injury Attorneys

* Insurance Defense Attorneys

* Vehicle Owners

* Local Governments

* Leasing Companies

* Rental Companies

Launched in 2007 by Tony Rached, CAC operates several subsidiaries including:

* Diminished Value of Georgia

* Diminished Value Carolina

* Atlanta Auto Appraiser

* Totaled.US

* TrueFrame of Georgia

"2015 was a breakthrough year for our company", says Tony Rached, CEO; "We
increased sales by 40% year over year and moved to a bigger location which we
own", he added.

If the growth continues at this pace, in 2016, CAC is on target to process more
than 12,000 files with gross sales of $2.3 Million.

CAC offers a variety of professional services including but not limited to:

* Diminished Value Car Appraisals

* Total Loss Appraisals

* Charity Car Appraisals

* Actual Cash Value Appraisals

* Classic Car Appraisals

* Loss of Use Reports

* Vehicle Damage Reports

* TrueFrame Structural Reports

* Mediation and Umpire Services

* Expert Court Testimony

* Claims Processing and Settlement

For more information about CAC or to assign a claim please contact Tony Rached
at 678-404-0455 or email tony(at)carappraisalclaims(dot)com.

Source: Car Appraisals & Claims

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            February 20, 2006 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

FIVE QUESTIONS WITH WISCONSIN GOV. JIM DOYLE

BYLINE: By Rob Schultz

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 256 words


Long before Jim Doyle became governor of the state of Wisconsin, he was living
the ultimate jock story: star basketball player for Madison West who married the
homecoming queen.

Doyle's basketball playing days diminished while studying at Stanford, the
University of Wisconsin and Harvard, and while serving in the Peace Corps and
beginning a successful political career. But his love for the game hasn't
diminished and Doyle has been an avid, long-time supporter of UW men's
basketball. The long-time season-ticket holder was asked five questions during
halftime of the Badgers' game with Ohio State at the Kohl Center last Wednesday,
which the Badgers went on to win 78-73.

Can you forget about your job when you're at a Wisconsin basketball game?

"It's very easy, particularly when the referees have me all worked up."

Can the governor boo the refs?

"Yes. The only time it's hard is when Wisconsin plays Marquette or another state
school. Then I have to be completely neutral.

How long have you had season tickets?

"Oh wow, 20-plus years, all with pretty much the same group of guys, too, all
these years."

Do constituents try to talk politics with you during games?

"Really not. A lot of people come up, which is always very nice, but people are
in a game kind of mode."

Are sports one of the last bipartisan events left on this earth?

"I think it is one of the last great unifying events that we have. I've often
said it's a lot easier to govern this state when the Badgers are winning and the
Packers are winning. Everybody feels a lot better."

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Jim Doyle

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                              96 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           February 10, 2007 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Couey's Mental Capacity May Be Used As Defense

BYLINE: JIM TUNSTALL, The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 474 words


LAWYERS SAY DETAILS UNFAIRLY COERCED

By JIM TUNSTALL

The Tampa Tribune

INVERNESS - Defense attorneys for the man accused of killing 9-year-old Jessica
Marie Lunsford said Friday they may try to prove he is mentally retarded.

The defense intends to argue that John Evander Couey's mental capacity is too
diminished for him to receive the death penalty. They also are arguing that
Couey gave incriminating statements to two jailers because of his diminished
capacity. The attorneys want the guards' testimony suppressed. They think Couey
was coerced into saying he was involved in Jessica's death. They also say he was
plied with sodas and playing cards.

Couey's trial is scheduled to begin Monday in Miami.

Circuit Judge Ric Howard has scheduled a 9 a.m. Tuesday hearing in Miami to
determine whether the guards' statements should be suppressed.

The defense earlier argued the witnesses only came forward a month ago, even
though the statements were made a year ago.

Howard earlier threw out the 48-year-old convicted sex offender's first
statements, made right after his arrest, because he asked for a lawyer several
times but wasn't given one before making the statements.

On Friday, Howard again refused to step down or delay the trial.

Assistant Public Defender Dan Lewan said one of his experts needs to review the
guards' actions to see whether they coerced the statements. The defense stated
it also is planning to call three or four jail guards as witnesses.

Howard said there was no reason the expert couldn't do that if he worked through
the weekend.

Authorities say Couey abducted Jessica the night of Feb. 23, 2005, carried her
150 yards to his home, raped her and buried her in his back yard.

A medical examiner said she died of asphyxiation.

Couey is charged with first-degree murder, kidnapping, sexual battery on a child
younger than 12 and burglary with battery.

He faces a possible death sentence if convicted of the murder charge.

Deb Goins, an assistant public defender in Polk County who has handled more than
a dozen death penalty cases, said Florida law prevents the execution of the
mentally retarded. If the judge agrees that Couey is retarded, this would not
necessarily stop the penalty phase of the trial. It might, however, prevent
Howard from imposing the death penalty even if the jury recommends death.

Reporter Thomas Krause and News Channel 8 reporter Samara Sodos contributed to
this report. Reporter Jim Tunstall can be reached at (352) 628-5558.

Photo credit: News Channel 8 photo by PAUL LAMISON

Photo: If a judge rules that John Evander Couey is mentally retarded, he will be
ineligible for execution under Florida law.

Photo: Jessica Lunsford

She was abducted and killed in 2005. She was abducted and killed in 2005.

Copyright © 2007, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO 2

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              97 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

Supreme court upholds conviction in teen killing

LENGTH: 473  words


The state Supreme Court upheld the conviction Friday of a woman who stabbed her
niece to death, issuing a ruling that the court's lone dissenter said overturns
40 years of law allowing juries to consider a defendant's mental state.


The Vermont Supreme Court ruled that the trial judge was correct to instruct the
jury considering the case against Latonia Congress of Essex Junction not to
consider the woman's mental capacity when the crime took place.
In its 4-1 decision, the court said it was reconciling different aspects of how
Vermont law has used diminished capacity evidence in homicide prosecutions.
We conclude that the trial court correctly declined to instruct the jury that it
could consider the evidence of defendant's psychological condition as a basis
for convicting her of voluntary manslaughter, said the majority decision written
by Justice Beth Robinson.
But in his dissent, Chief Justice Paul Reiber said the majority was overturning
long-held precedent that entrusted juries with the discretion to reduce murder
to manslaughter based on evidence of a defendant's diminished capacity.
Today's decision to abandon the settled defense of diminished capacity defies
common sense, reason and authority, Reiber wrote.
Although our descriptions of the doctrine have not always been consistent, our
commitment to its intrinsic justice has never wavered. This is because, like all
good common-law principles, its source does not lie in case books -- but in the
human heart. The law is diminished if we forget this.
The case stems from the 2009 killing of Shatavia CeCe Alford, 16, by Congress in
their Essex Junction home. Congress' attorneys had argued her mental capacity
had been diminished by a long history of abuse. They asked the judge to tell the
jury it could consider convicting her of voluntary manslaughter.
Congress was convicted in 2011 of second-degree murder. She is serving a
sentence of 20 years to life in prison.
The 12,000-word decision and dissent provides a detailed history of the
evolution of Vermont's homicide laws.
David Sleigh, a defense attorney who was not involved in the Congress case, said
Vermont law has historically allowed juries to look at the human condition when
considering issues such as diminished capacity in homicide cases.
Justice Robinson and the majority are continuing the progression to analytical
law away from a visceral jury reaction, Sleigh said.
He didn't know how much impact the ruling would have on future cases.
Assistant Attorney General John Treadwell, the head of the criminal division,
said they had been waiting for the decision, which was argued in February 2013.
There has been something of a lack of clarity regarding the issue of diminished
capacity, Treadwell said.
It's a complicated area, the issue of mental state, he said. 2014 Legal Monitor
Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

Supreme court upholds conviction in teen killing

LENGTH: 473  words


The state Supreme Court upheld the conviction Friday of a woman who stabbed her
niece to death, issuing a ruling that the court's lone dissenter said overturns
40 years of law allowing juries to consider a defendant's mental state.


The Vermont Supreme Court ruled that the trial judge was correct to instruct the
jury considering the case against Latonia Congress of Essex Junction not to
consider the woman's mental capacity when the crime took place.
In its 4-1 decision, the court said it was reconciling different aspects of how
Vermont law has used diminished capacity evidence in homicide prosecutions.
We conclude that the trial court correctly declined to instruct the jury that it
could consider the evidence of defendant's psychological condition as a basis
for convicting her of voluntary manslaughter, said the majority decision written
by Justice Beth Robinson.
But in his dissent, Chief Justice Paul Reiber said the majority was overturning
long-held precedent that entrusted juries with the discretion to reduce murder
to manslaughter based on evidence of a defendant's diminished capacity.
Today's decision to abandon the settled defense of diminished capacity defies
common sense, reason and authority, Reiber wrote.
Although our descriptions of the doctrine have not always been consistent, our
commitment to its intrinsic justice has never wavered. This is because, like all
good common-law principles, its source does not lie in case books -- but in the
human heart. The law is diminished if we forget this.
The case stems from the 2009 killing of Shatavia CeCe Alford, 16, by Congress in
their Essex Junction home. Congress' attorneys had argued her mental capacity
had been diminished by a long history of abuse. They asked the judge to tell the
jury it could consider convicting her of voluntary manslaughter.
Congress was convicted in 2011 of second-degree murder. She is serving a
sentence of 20 years to life in prison.
The 12,000-word decision and dissent provides a detailed history of the
evolution of Vermont's homicide laws.
David Sleigh, a defense attorney who was not involved in the Congress case, said
Vermont law has historically allowed juries to look at the human condition when
considering issues such as diminished capacity in homicide cases.
Justice Robinson and the majority are continuing the progression to analytical
law away from a visceral jury reaction, Sleigh said.
He didn't know how much impact the ruling would have on future cases.
Assistant Attorney General John Treadwell, the head of the criminal division,
said they had been waiting for the decision, which was argued in February 2013.
There has been something of a lack of clarity regarding the issue of diminished
capacity, Treadwell said.
It's a complicated area, the issue of mental state, he said. 2014 Legal Monitor
Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Virginia Lawyers Weekly

                                 April 18, 2005

Supreme Court of Virginia allows damages for lost life expectancy

BYLINE: Paul Fletcher

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 550  words


A man with prostate cancer can seek damages for "diminished life expectancy" in
a medical-malpractice lawsuit, a Fairfax Circuit judge has ruled on an issue not
yet addressed by the Supreme Court of Virginia.

The case widens a split in the circuits on the legal question. In Straus v.
McDonald (VLW 005-8-074), Judge R. Terrence Ney sided with the only other
decision to allow such damages, a 1998 case from Richmond Circuit Court.

But he analogized the case to previous decisions allowing damages for a fear of
contracting cancer, including a recent U.S. Supreme Court case permitting mental
anguish damages.

"[D]iminished life expectancy is an essential part of any medical malpractice
claim for a failure to diagnose terminal cancer," such as this one, Ney wrote.

Prostate cancer

The patient in the case suffered from prostate cancer and filed a med-mal
lawsuit after his physician allegedly failed to diagnose the condition. In the
suit he claimed damages for diminished life expectancy.

Although styled as a motion to strike, Ney treated the motion as a demurrer.

The judge wrote that lawyers for both sides based their arguments on a 1991
Supreme Court of Virginia decision, Blondel v. Hays, 242 Va. 467. That case, a
wrongful death action, held that "in medical malpractice death cases, a
physician's destruction of any substantial possibility of a patient's survival
is a proximate cause of the patient's death," Ney wrote.

He added that both sides' reliance on Blondel was misplaced, because it was a
death case, and the present lawsuit involved a man still living, and because it
did not address the question involved here.

The Supreme Court of Virginia has yet to address the issue, the judge said, but
different circuit courts have looked at the issue of diminished life expectancy
as an element of damages. Only one has allowed them, the 1998 Richmond case of
Kennedy v. Wheeler, 45 Va.Cir. 216.

He wrote in a footnote that other judges from Fairfax had excluded the life
expectancy damages in two different cases from 2002. In a separate footnote, he
observed that a colleague, Judge Stanley P. Klein, had addressed the issue in
this case before it was nonsuited and refilled; Klein had allowed the expectancy
damages claim to go forward.

In ruling that the damages were allowed, Ney found that "diminished life
expectancy is an essential part of any medical malpractice claim for a failure
to diagnose terminal cancer. "

He added, "The gravamen of such a complaint is that the doctor's failure to
diagnose terminal cancer will cause the patient to die earlier than if the
cancer had been properly diagnosed. "

If the plaintiff could not seek such damages, the "he will be left with at least
a part of his claim eviscerated," he said.

Ney noted that in 2003 the U.S. Supreme Court, in an asbestos case, allowed
mental anguish damages for the fear of developing cancer. The plaintiff here has
a fear that he will die earlier as a result of the doctor's alleged negligence.

According to Ney, in its decision, Norfolk & Western Ry. Co. v. Ayers, 538 U.S.
135 (2003), the high court noted that numerous courts had held that a fear of a
recurrence of cancer is compensable. "A fear of a certainty of an earlier death
than otherwise expected should be so as well," he concluded, denying the
doctor's motion.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            November 26, 2010 Friday

USA: Americans Can Expect to Lose $62 million in Diminished Vehicle Value Due to
Accident Rates This Holiday Season

LENGTH: 378  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Nov. 26 -- As Americans look for additional ways to save this holiday
season, few realize the potential costs they could face as they take to the
roads this long weekend. According to American Automotive statistics, the week
of Thanksgiving will see an estimated 100,000 car accidents across the country.
Of these collisions, 11,000 American drivers will sustain Loss of Market Value
to their damaged vehicles - better known as Diminished Value. On average, these
drivers will lose $5,700 off the resale value of their vehicles. Over
Thanksgiving week this year that number is expected to reach $62.7 million in
Diminished Value across the nation.

According to Advocate Auto Consultants, a leading national advocacy firm
handling Diminished Value Claims - they have developed a proprietary system that
is highly effective in reclaiming these losses for the consumer.

To Advocate Auto Consultants CEO, Tom Coletta, "Thousands of Accident Victims
sustaining $2,500 or more in damages while driving a newer model car are
eligible to reclaim the Diminished Value that the Insurance Companies often
choose not to inform the Victims about. It's shocking how few people know this
is even something they can pursue. As a result of holding back this information,
the Insurance Companies are saving Billions of Dollars a year."

Advocate Auto Consultants is a nationwide service that works on behalf of
qualified car accident victims, advocating directly with Insurance Companies to
collect the Diminished Value, or Loss of Market Value to a vehicle. The company
has won millions of dollars for American Car Accident Victims, based on 80 years
of case law that proves even after impeccable repairs, the value of a vehicle
suffers after an accident and the at-fault party's insurance company owes you
for this Loss in Market Value.

Starting this week and continuing through the holiday season, there will be more
cars on the road, an increase in weather and alcohol related accidents and as a
result, an all time high in money lost to drivers as a result of Diminished
Value Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For
any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              101 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                     November 28, 2013 Thursday 4:20 PM GMT

Family's killer gets 40 years

SECTION: PA NEWS FEEDS

LENGTH: 1363 words


A deranged businessman who murdered a family of four in a bloody revenge attack
after a commercial relationship turned sour has been jailed for at least 40
years.

Anxiang Du, 54, stabbed to death Manchester Metropolitan University lecturer
Jifeng "Jeff'" Ding, his wife, Ge "Helen" Chui, and their two daughters Xing
"Nancy", 18, and Alice, 12, on April 29, 2011.

Du fled the country after the cold-blooded murders and later admitted the
killings but said he should be convicted of manslaughter on the basis of either
diminished responsibility or loss of control.

But jurors at Northampton Crown Court rejected the claim yesterday, taking just
over three hours to unanimously convict him of the murders.

Sentencing Du, who stood in the dock staring down at his hands, Mr Justice Flaux
told him the jury had rejected his defence of diminished responsibility or loss
of control.

The judge said: "What is clear from the evidence and the verdicts is that these
were cold-blooded murders which, in my view, were pre-meditated and were
considered acts of revenge in which you wiped out an entire family."

Barristers for Du had argued he should be convicted of manslaughter on the basis
of diminished responsibility or loss of control as he was suffering a severe
depressive illness at the time of the killings but jurors dismissed the claims.

The judge said: "I'm quite satisfied that hatred and anger and your desire for
revenge was what motivated you to act as you did on the 29th of April, not the
moderate depression you suffered."

The judge said he believed Du had formulated his plan on the night of April 28
or the morning of the next day before carrying out the "frenzied attack".

He said CCTV footage that showed him travelling to the Dings' home revealed he
was "calm and methodic" and a "man on a mission."

The killings were "savage butchery" with an intent to kill, the judge added.

He went on: "You did not lose your self control in killing Jeff Ding, in effect
you executed the man you hated."

During Du's two-week trial, the jury heard that he carried out the killings with
"ruthless efficiency" after he lost a 10-year legal battle with the Ding family
and ended up owing £88,000 in court costs.

Tests revealed that the family had been stabbed a total of 51 times after their
bodies were discovered at their home two days after the murders.

Post-mortem examinations showed that Du stabbed Mr Ding 23 times and Mrs Ding 13
times, leaving them to bleed to death in their kitchen.

With their blood on his hands, he went upstairs and knifed Nancy 11 times, and
Alice four.

Mr Justice Flaux said he believed Du had attacked and killed Mrs Ding for the
same reason he had murdered her husband - as a pre-planned act of revenge for
his predicament in the civil litigation which he blamed on the Dings - before
attacking the couple's daughters.

"Once again, you clearly intended to execute her, as you had her husband, as
part of your campaign of revenge that day," the judge said.

"Not content with the slaughter of the parents downstairs, you then went
upstairs to the back bedroom where the two young Ding girls were cowering.

"It is apparent from the fact that Nancy's mobile made the 999 call, that they
had heard what was happening downstairs and she was frantically trying to ring
the police for help.

"At that moment it seems you came into the room and within a short period of
time you had also murdered those poor defenceless girls.

"It is clear from their terrible haunting screams on the 999 call that it was
during that call that you murdered them."

During the trial, jurors heard that Du made his plan and carried out the vicious
murders after he was left "angry, humiliated and facing financial ruin" after
losing the wrangle over a Chinese herbal medicine business he and his wife had
owned with the Dings.

Du travelled from his shop in Birmingham to the home of the Ding family in
Pioneer Close, Wootton, Northamptonshire, armed with a knife and his passport on
the day of the Royal Wedding in 2011.

Following the stabbings, he went on the run for more than a year.

The killer drove to London in the Dings' car and took a coach to Paris the day
after carrying out the murders. He travelled on to Spain and then took a boat to
Morocco.

He was finally arrested on a building site in Tangier last July, after 14 months
on the run, and was extradited to the UK in February this year to stand trial.

Mr Justice Flaux added: "The psychological and emotional impact of the
destruction of the entire Ding family upon Jifeng and Helen Ding's parents and
the rest of their families has been truly devastating.

"I have read the moving victim impact statements they have provided to the
court.

"In a very real sense you have destroyed their lives as well. At a time of their
lives when they might have expected to enjoy the success of their granddaughters
and nieces, both of whom were talented young people with a bright future, their
lives have been senselessly cut short by your murderous attack."

The judge told Du he had borne in mind that setting a lengthy minimum term he
must serve in prison before being eligible for parole would "mean that you will
grow old, if not die, in prison", but the brutality of the four killings
justified such a tariff.

Mr Justice Flaux said he had considered mitigation put forward by Du's
barrister, Rebecca Trowler QC, that Du was suffering from depression, that he
had been through a long period of stress because of the litigation, that he was
of previous good character with no criminal convictions, and that he felt
remorse for the crimes.

He told Du, who appeared in court wearing a dark suit and light shirt: "Although
it is true that the Dings had not complied with various court orders in that
civil litigation, your remedy lay in seeking further assistance from the court.

"Nothing they had done or failed to do could begin to amount to provocation such
as could mitigate, let alone justify, your destruction of the entire family,
including two innocent girls.

"Whilst it is true that you were of previous good character, that can have
little, if any, impact upon the severity of the sentence in view of the
horrendous nature of these killings.

"Your counsel has relied upon your remorse for these killings.

"Since you did not give evidence, the court can only go on what you said to the
psychiatrists about being sorry and what your counsel says on instructions.

"I have some doubt whether you were showing genuine remorse as opposed to
feeling sorry for the situation in which you find yourself, but, even giving you
the benefit of the doubt, the gravity of your offending is so serious that even
genuine remorse could only play a very limited role in mitigation."

The 999 call received on the day of the murders from Alice Ding's mobile phone
was found to be "mishandled" by police, resulting in officers being sent to the
wrong address and the call being closed prematurely.

An investigation by the Independent Police Complaints Commission into the
dropped call concluded: "Had police used more detailed checks and a mapping
system available to them, the need for a subscriber check would have been
established, the correct address in Pioneer Close would have been identified and
in all likelihood attended by officers within minutes."

Senior investigating officer Detective Chief Inspector Tom Davies, from
Northamptonshire Police, admitted they would "never know" what might have
happened had the call been handled correctly.

The force said it was "unlikely" that the Ding family could have been saved, but
it was possible that Du could still have been at the address if they had gone to
the right location.

It also emerged after the trial that officers missed the bodies when they were
sent by West Midlands Police on the morning of May 1 to talk to the Dings in
connection with the disappearance of Du. He had been reported missing by his
wife the day after the killings.

When there was no answer, officers from Northamptonshire Police simply posted a
card through the letterbox and left.

Hours later, the bodies were discovered after a neighbour called the police to
report he had seen a body lying on the floor through a back window of the Dings'
home.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2013 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              102 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                    September 12, 2003 Friday Metro Edition

Why not test older drivers?;
It isn't just the elderly whose skills need a look. All drivers could benefit
from checks.

BYLINE: Pamela Hill Nettleton

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25A

LENGTH: 700 words


In the wake of both a deadly and a serious accident, each
involving elderly drivers, a debate has sprouted over whether or
not the elderly - that means everyone older than me - ought to be
required to retake their driver's tests on, say, their 70th birthdays.

Why would we not require this? Because it would offend the egos
of all those steadfast voters and AAA members, I suppose. But lots
of laws offend people and still we shoulder our democratic burden
and do what we must for the common good. On the road, the common
good includes preserving the lives of innocents.

Though 70-somethings may not want to admit that their reflexes
and ability to read street signs may not be what they once were,
it's the truth. Ask anyone who's ever followed Aunt Ida's Cadillac
to Luby's Cafeteria in Phoenix.

Sure, seniors (and everyone else) should take themselves off the
road when they realize their abilities are diminished. But the
thing about diminished abilities is that they are, well,
diminished. You may not realize you're a hazard, even if you crack
into the street lamp in front of your house every week.

One sunny day while I sat at a Minneapolis intersection, a driver
across the road began to run the red light - heading straight for
the hood of my car. I say "run," but in truth he inched - at maybe
2.5 miles an hour. As he crept closer at a right angle, I saw that
he was elderly and confused.

People around me joined in noisemaking to catch his attention.
The driver remained placid amidst the fray until a police officer,
ticketing some guy four lanes south, jogged over. The officer
planted himself in front of the old guy's car.

"What the heck are you doing?" he yelled.

The driver kept moving while offering his explanation: "I can't
see."

"Oh," said the cop. "Well, your lane's over there."

Call me testy, but in my book, "I can't see" qualifies as time to
turn in your license.

A physician friend who treats a mostly elderly clientele says the
job he dreads is trying to gently introduce the topic of not
driving anymore. None of his patients think they are impaired, he
says, and all are crabby about his challenges. Some are more than
crabby. Some, suspecting conspiracy, yell at their kids, recite
their records from past wars and threaten to walk home.

Yes, it's hard on the ego, and sure, it's tough to know you're
getting older. I've had to admit that I'm too old to wear
miniskirts. Someday I'll have to admit I'm too old to battle
rush-hour traffic.

It's serious business when mobility means independence and the
ability to get to the grocery store to buy dinner. But we have to
find better solutions than turning folks who can't see out onto the
highway.

Summoning seniors to verify that they can see and react properly
before allow them to pilot potential weapons of destruction seems
an utterly sensible idea. In fact, it's an utterly sensible idea
for all of us. We all ought to retake our driver's license exams
every five years.

Who says that it's at the end of your 69th year when your driving
goes all to heck? Remember whom you've yelled at on the road
lately? Probably a cross-section of citizens of all ages, sexes and
abilities.

The plain fact is that no one should be behind the wheel of an
automobile unless he or she can operate it safely. Laws change,
traffic shifts, cars are redesigned, cell phones get invented, and
human beings forget, don't adjust, get cocky and let their eyesight
worsen. We all ought to all retake our exams every five years and,
what's more, we should take the test while driving around in our
own neighborhoods.

Examining many extra drivers each year might burden the existing
testing system, but the additional exam fees (and the safer roads)
would help offset the costs. And it might be a good thing for
teenage drivers to see their parents and grandparents being held
accountable for knowing the laws, knowing the roads and knowing
their own limits.

If we all had our driving retested often, we'd drive better. Why
wouldn't we want that?

Pamela Hill Nettleton is a past editor of Minnesota Monthly
magazine. She writes and lives in Minneapolis.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

                          Copyright 2003 Star Tribune


                              103 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           February 5, 2015 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

New environmental group report attacks Monsanto's Roundup for monarch decline

BYLINE:  By Chuck Raasch St. Louis Post-Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 1029 words


WASHINGTON o An environmental group that opposes genetically modified crops is
issuing a 77-page report on the decline of the monarch butterfly that lays much
of the blame on Monsanto's Roundup Ready crops and Roundup herbicide.

The Center for Food Safety will release the report Thursday and brief members of
Congress on it.

The report acknowledges that diminished wintering grounds for the migrating
butterfly - whose annual journey takes it through Missouri and Illinois - plays
a role in diminished monarch populations.

But the report also contains one of the most direct challenges to date of
Monsanto's Roundup products and their impact on the butterfly. Among other
things, the environmental organization calls for the phasing out of
herbicide-resistant plants over 10 years, and for a halt in a new generation of
genetically engineered crops it says are being planned by Monsanto and other
companies.

That phaseout has virtually no chance of getting through a Republican-controlled
Congress, which is already in major fights with the administration of President
Barack Obama on a variety of regulatory fronts.

But on the heels of the Fish and Wildlife Service's decision to consider
endangered species status for the butterfly, the report is another salvo in an
escalating regulatory and public relations battle over the iconic monarch
butterfly.

Monsanto spokeswoman Charla Lord said the Creve Coeur-based company would not
respond to the report without seeing it in full, but she said Monsanto was
"working, alongside many stakeholders including those in the agriculture sector,
federal agencies, conservation groups, and public sector researchers, to help
the monarchs."

The Center for Food Safety was among several environmental groups that in
December successfully petitioned the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to open a
study on whether the butterfly should be on the endangered species list, in part
because of threats from genetically modified crops and herbicides. Monsanto is a
leader in their production.

Environmental and food safety groups said in their endangered species petition
that the butterfly's population had fallen from a high of 1 billion in the
mid-1990s to 35 million in 2013.

The World Wildlife Fund and the Mexican government last week released a survey
of the monarch's wintering grounds in a western Mexican forest. The study showed
that while the area occupied this winter by the hibernating monarchs is up 69
percent over 2013 (to 2.73 acres, just slightly larger than a typical square
city block), it is still the second-smallest wintering ground of the last two
decades.

The monarch is dependent upon milkweed for food and reproduction during its
annual 1,200- to 2,800-mile migration from Mexico to the Midwest and Canada.

The Center for Food Safety's report says that farming per se is not the problem.
Rather, the report asserts, it's Monsanto's Roundup Ready crops that have led to
a decline of 99 percent of milkweed in corn and soybean fields over the last 20
years.

"Monarch butterflies have co-existed with agriculture ever since the prairies
and forests of the Midwest were converted to cropland in the late 1800s,
thriving despite dramatic changes in farming practices over the 20th Century,"
the report says. "Monarchs have been able to thrive in a landscape dominated by
agriculture because just one of the 130 or so North American milkweed species
.... is remarkably well adapted for life on disturbed ground, such as plowed
fields, cleared woodlands, and roadsides. This one species has thus been able to
largely replace the other kinds of milkweeds that hosted monarchs before
prairies were plowed under and forests cut down."

But, the report says, "a dramatic change in farming practices - the widespread
cultivation of genetically engineered, glysophate-resistant Roundup Ready corn
and soybeans - has triggered a precipitous decline of common milkweed, and thus
of monarchs. Glysophate, sold by Monsanto under the name of Roundup, is one of
the very few herbicides that is effective on milkweed."

The herbicide prevents regeneration of milkweed from year-to-year by killing the
plant at the root, the report says.

In January, after the Fish and Wildlife Service said it was going forward to
determine whether endangered status was warranted, Monsanto issued a statement
saying that the company was "in dialogue with experts from universities,
nonprofits and government agencies in regards to the restoration of monarch
habitat in (federal) Crop Reserve Program land, on-farm buffer strips,
roadsides, utility rights of way and government-owned land."

The issue "is complicated, since monarchs need milkweed to survive but farmers
consider the plant a weed which competes with their crops for water, soil and
nutrients," the January Monsanto statement said.

In its report, the Center for Food Safety offers a host of recommendations for
the Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of Agriculture, Environmental
Protection Agency, and Congress, including:

o No new approval of herbicide-resistant crops until the impact on milkweed,
monarchs and pollinators is determined.

o An expedited endangered species determination by the FWS, which would give the
government greater powers to protect the butterfly.

o Incentives for farmers to create more "biodiverse" edges around farm fields,
which would ostensibly boost milkweed-friendly zones.

o Elimination of federal incentives for the production of ethanol, which
environmentalists say is driving farmers to convert more land to Roundup Ready
corn and soybeans.

But these proposals would face great opposition from a Republican Congress that
already thinks the Obama administration over-regulates on the environment.

Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Mo., said Wednesday that "nobody wants the monarch butterfly
or the honey bee or anything else to go away." But he said that Obama already
"comes up with regulations that are too drastic, without giving thought to those
regulations" and their impact on business.

Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Mo., said she was concerned about the monarch
population, but was waiting for more scientific results to determine whether
further regulations to protect it are necessary.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  FILE - In this Jan. 4, 2015 file photo, Monarch butterflies perch on a
twig at the Piedra Herrada sanctuary, near Valle del Bravo, Mexico. The number
of Monarch butterflies that reached wintering grounds in Mexico has rebounded 69
percent from last year s lowest-on-record levels, but their numbers remain very
low, according to a formal census by Mexican environmental authorities and
scientists released Tuesday, Jan. 27, 2015. (AP Photo/Rebecca Blackwell, File)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              104 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                     March 4, 2015 Wednesday 10:27 AM  EST

Intellectual Property India Publishes Patent Application for 'Protecting Packet
Traffic in a Network Including an Adaptive Bandwidth Link' Filed by Cisco
Technology

LENGTH: 255  words

DATELINE: MUMBAI, India


MUMBAI, India, March 4 -- Intellectual Property India has published a patent
application (2257/DEL/2013 A) filed by Cisco Technology Inc., California, U.S.,
on July 29, 2013, for 'protecting packet traffic in a network including an
adaptive bandwidth link.'

Inventors include Kannan Jayaraman, Samer Salam, Shwetha Subray Bhandari and
Jose A. Liste. The application for the patent was published on Feb. 6, under
issue no. 06/2015. According to the abstract released by the Intellectual
Property India: "In one embodiment, a packet switching device receives a
notification that a link has a diminished packet transport capacity. In
response, the packet switching devices changes forwarding information for a
portion of the packet traffic being sent over the diminished packet transport
capacity link to traverse one or more reroute paths not including the diminished
link, while some packet traffic continues to use the diminished packet transport
capacity link. This notification can be received directly from a communications
device, or via a routing protocol such as for a remote link that sent packet
traffic may traverse. These rerouted paths may be precomputed and installed in
forwarding data structures for fast rerouting, or computed and installed in
response to receiving the notification. In one embodiment, quality of service
(QoS) is adjusted in response to receiving the notification." For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              105 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      March 7, 2002 Thursday, Home Edition

Buyer's Edge: Despite law, auto's lost value not easy to claim

BYLINE: CLARK HOWARD

SOURCE: For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: Features; Pg. 8C

LENGTH: 593 words


Since the Georgia Supreme Court ruled in November that insurance companies must
pay for diminished value on auto claims, our phones have been ringing off the
hook with calls from confused consumers.

Diminished value is the concept that a car's value inherently diminishes after
it's been in an accident, regardless of the quality of the repair. There are
several scenarios involved, depending on how many cars are involved and who is
at fault. For instance, if it's just you in an accident, you will claim
diminished value with your insurance company. But if you are hit and someone
else is at fault, the other party's insurance company must pay for diminished
value on your car as well as theirs.

In 36 states, insurance companies aren't even required to consider diminished
value. In Georgia, we've had a breakthrough ruling. What we do with it is the
important part.

I wish I could tell you that filing an insurance claim now will be easier than
ever and that you are sure to get exactly what you deserve after your car has
been hit. But it's not that simple. The truth is that it's the law of the
jungle, not the state, with each individual insurance company using its own
formula to compute diminished value. And we all know how reluctant most of these
companies are to pay people anything.

It's even worse when you are dealing with the other party's insurance company.
Our most frequent complaint on the radio show is from people who were hit by
another driver and are justifiably trying to claim the money, while the other
company tells them that they must find all kinds of unnecessary information
about their vehicle to get reimbursed. They're basically getting the runaround.

So to avoid the red tape, I have some suggestions for you.

Get an estimate from a body shop familiar with diminished value or what's called
a "diminished value appraisal." You can search the Web under "diminished value
professional" and find some in Georgia. You will have to pay the body shop for a
professional written opinion.

Taking your car back to the dealership where you bought it won't always get you
the answers you need. However, the used car appraiser at that new car dealer may
also be able to provide a written opinion as to the loss of value if you were to
trade in after the accident.

Insurance Commissioner John Oxendine said last week that since the ruling was
issued, no insurance companies had requested any rate increases, but they have
already started filing for exclusions. Even if they try to pawn off the cost on
us, the difference will be minimal when compared with the overall cost of
insurance.

So we have a Supreme Court ruling and insurance companies have received a
directive from Oxendine's office, telling them they are subject to "disciplinary
action" if they do not comply with the ruling. But people still seem unable to
get compensation.

I believe that what we really need now are some guidelines from the insurance
commissioner's office, telling consumers how to challenge unresponsive companies
and how to ensure that what they're getting is a reasonable estimate of a
vehicle's true diminished value. If you have any questions or need assistance
dealing with your insurance company, Oxendine said you should feel free to call
his office at 404-656-2070 or 1-800-656-2298.


Kellie McMaster contributed to this article. The consumer-advice column is
adapted from Clark Howard's radio show, which airs 1-6 p.m. Monday-Friday on
WSB-AM (750). For more advice, call the show 2-6 p.m. at 404-872-0750.

LOAD-DATE: March 07, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Column

                Copyright 2002 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              106 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      March 7, 2002 Thursday, Home Edition

Despite law, auto's lost value not easy to claim

BYLINE: CLARK HOWARD

SOURCE: For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: Buyer's Edge; Pg. 6GE

LENGTH: 593 words


Since the Georgia Supreme Court ruled in November that insurance companies must
pay for diminished value on auto claims, our phones have been ringing off the
hook with calls from confused consumers.

Diminished value is the concept that a car's value inherently diminishes after
it's been in an accident, regardless of the quality of the repair. There are
several scenarios involved, depending on how many cars are involved and who is
at fault. For instance, if it's just you in an accident, you will claim
diminished value with your insurance company. But, if you are hit and someone
else is at fault, the other party's insurance company must pay for diminished
value on your car as well as theirs.

In 36 states, insurance companies aren't even required to consider diminished
value. In Georgia, we've had a breakthrough ruling. What we do with it is the
important part.

I wish I could tell you that filing an insurance claim now will be easier than
ever and that you are sure to get exactly what you deserve after your car has
been hit. But it's not that simple. The truth is that it's the law of the
jungle, not the state, with each individual insurance company using its own
formula to compute diminished value. And we all know how reluctant most of these
companies are to pay people anything.

It's even worse when you are dealing with the other party's insurance company.
Our most frequent complaint on the radio show is from people who were hit by
another driver and are justifiably trying to claim the money, while the other
company tells them that they must find all kinds of unnecessary information
about their vehicle to get reimbursed. They're basically getting the runaround.

So to avoid the red tape, I have some suggestions for you.

Get an estimate from a body shop familiar with diminished value or what's called
a "diminished value appraisal." You can search the Web under "diminished value
professional" and find some in Georgia. You will have to pay the body shop for a
professional written opinion.

Taking your car back to the dealership where you bought it won't always get you
the answers you need. However, the used car appraiser at that new car dealer may
also be able to provide a written opinion as to the loss of value if you were to
trade in after the accident.

Insurance Commissioner John Oxendine said last week that since the ruling was
issued, no insurance companies had requested any rate increases, but they have
already started filing for exclusions. Even if they try to pawn off the cost on
us, the difference will be minimal when compared with the overall cost of
insurance.

So we have a Supreme Court ruling and insurance companies have received a
directive from Oxendine's office, telling them they are subject to "disciplinary
action" if they do not comply with the ruling. But people still seem unable to
get compensation.

I believe that what we really need now are some guidelines from the insurance
commissioner's office, telling consumers how to challenge unresponsive companies
and how to ensure that what they're getting is a reasonable estimate of a
vehicle's true diminished value. If you have any questions or need assistance
dealing with your insurance company, Oxendine said you should feel free to call
his office at 404-656-2070 or 1-800-656-2298.

Kellie McMaster contributed to this article.

The consumer advice column is adapted from Clark Howard's radio show, which airs
Monday-Friday 1-6 p.m. on WSB (AM-750). For more advice, call the show 2-6 p.m.
at 404-872-0750.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Column

                Copyright 2002 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              107 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             July 3, 2008 Thursday
                                   C1 Edition

Dim 'Capacity'

BYLINE: By Dann Gire, Daily Herald film critic dgire@dailyherald.com

SECTION: TIME OUT!; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 562 words


Terry Kinney's "Diminished Capacity" possesses an innate sweetness, almost an
innocence, that, coupled with a robust appreciation for Chicago and the Cubs,
should make it a gotta-see movie for the Windy City market.

Instead, this well-meaning independent project squanders a stellar cast
(including a wallpaper cameo by baseball great Ernie Banks) and a meditation on
the importance of memories in a comic drama flatter than Iowa and just as soggy.

Matthew Broderick, radiating the energy of a 5-watt bulb, stars as Cooper, an
employee of a major Chicago newspaper, presumably the Tribune, since he walks
outside it in a scene.

Complications from a head injury have made Cooper extremely forgetful, a case of
"diminished capacity." He has stopped covering politics and taken up editing
comics. (What exactly does this movie say about comics editors?)

Under pressure, Cooper reluctantly agrees to take time off and go to rural
Missouri to visit his aging, addled Uncle Rollie, played by Alan Alda with a
wavering accent that sounds vaguely like a character from "Deliverance."

Rollie hails from an established Hollywood stable of endearingly eccentric
relatives. He edits "poetry" typed out by fish connected to the keyboard by
strings. He keeps a snake in the rafters.

And he has a secret that he tells everyone in town. He owns a 1909 baseball card
of the legendary Frank "Wildfire" Schulte, worth a fortune. Already, a local
bumpkin Donny (Jim True-Frost) has tried to steal it.

Cooper convinces Uncle Rollie to sell his card at a big Chicago sports
memorabilia convention scheduled that very weekend. Off they go, accompanied by
Charlotte (an underused Virginia Madsen), Cooper's high school flame
conveniently divorced from the town's mayor, and Charlotte's son Dillon (Jimmy
Bennett), named after the marshal in TV's western "Gunsmoke."

"Chicago people, they're nuts!" Rollie exclaims after he arrives in the Windy
City.

"Diminished Capacity" strives for effortless charm, but winds up with a bad case
of narrative inertia. Neither the characters nor plot can goose along this
plodding production, something of a surprise considering that director Kinney is
one of the founding fathers of Chicago's Steppenwolf Theatre, known for its raw,
in-your-face theatrics.

Once the quartet reaches Chicago, the movie breaks out of its doldrums, but not
always in a good way. Dylan Baker injects some narrative caffeine as Mad Dog
McClure, a psycho Cubs fan (is there another kind?) and memorabilia dealer at
the Chicago convention.

"I won't let this team kill me!" he shouts. A big-hearted, honest dealer, Mad
Dog doesn't condone his ruthless competitor Lee Vivyan (Bobby Cannavale) ripping
off Uncle Rollie. "People who don't know what they have, don't deserve to keep
it!" Lee says, justifying his greed.

Had "Diminished Capacity" centered on these characters, now that would make a
Chicago comedy.

Regrettably, Kinney's movie sticks with the story and characters laid out in
screenwriter Sherwood Kiraly's original novel, until the ending, a shrill,
awkward, comically mistimed convention confrontation reeking with artifice.

The emotions have been pasted on to this movie, from the loveless romantic
subplot to the phony instant camaraderie among new pals.

How ironic that Kiraly's fascination with memory -- both the short-term and
nostalgic kinds -- is stuck in such an unmemorable movie.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Cooper (Matthew Broderick), left, convinces his Uncle Rollie (Alan
Alda) to sell a valuable baseball card in Chicago during Terry Kinney's "
Diminished Capacity."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              108 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 6, 2015 Friday

Monsanto's Roundup blamed for the decline of the monarch butterfly

LENGTH: 1057  words

DATELINE: Bethesda


Science Communication Network has issued the following press release:

An environmental group that opposes genetically modified crops is issuing a
77-page report on the decline of the monarch butterfly that lays much of the
blame on Monsanto's Roundup Ready crops and Roundup herbicide.

The Center for Food Safety will release the report Thursday and brief members of
Congress on it.

The report acknowledges that diminished wintering grounds for the migrating
butterfly -- whose annual journey takes it through Missouri and Illinois --
plays a role in diminished monarch populations.

But the report also contains one of the most direct challenges to date of
Monsanto's Roundup products and their impact on the butterfly. Among other
things, the environmental organization calls for the phasing out of
herbicide-resistant plants over 10 years, and for a halt in a new generation of
genetically engineered crops it says are being planned by Monsanto and other
companies.

That phaseout has virtually no chance of getting through a Republican-controlled
Congress, which is already in major fights with the administration of President
Barack Obama on a variety of regulatory fronts.

But on the heels of the Fish and Wildlife Service's decision to consider
endangered species status for the butterfly, the report is another salvo in an
escalating regulatory and public relations battle over the iconic monarch
butterfly.

Monsanto spokeswoman Charla Lord said the Creve Coeur-based company would not
respond to the report without seeing it in full, but she said Monsanto was
"working, alongside many stakeholders including those in the agriculture sector,
federal agencies, conservation groups, and public sector researchers, to help
the monarchs."

The Center for Food Safety was among several environmental groups that in
December successfully petitioned the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to open a
study on whether the butterfly should be on the endangered species list, in part
because of threats from genetically modified crops and herbicides. Monsanto is a
leader in their production.

Environmental and food safety groups said in their endangered species petition
that the butterfly's population had fallen from a high of 1 billion in the
mid-1990s to 35 million in 2013.

The World Wildlife Fund and the Mexican government last week released a survey
of the monarch's wintering grounds in a western Mexican forest. The study showed
that while the area occupied this winter by the hibernating monarchs is up 69
percent over 2013 (to 2.73 acres, just slightly larger than a typical square
city block), it is still the second-smallest wintering ground of the last two
decades.

The monarch is dependent upon milkweed for food and reproduction during its
annual 1,200- to 2,800-mile migration from Mexico to the Midwest and Canada.

The Center for Food Safety's report says that farming per se is not the problem.
Rather, the report asserts, it's Monsanto's Roundup Ready crops that have led to
a decline of 99 percent of milkweed in corn and soybean fields over the last 20
years.

"Monarch butterflies have co-existed with agriculture ever since the prairies
and forests of the Midwest were converted to cropland in the late 1800s,
thriving despite dramatic changes in farming practices over the 20th Century,"
the report says. "Monarchs have been able to thrive in a landscape dominated by
agriculture because just one of the 130 or so North American milkweed species
.... is remarkably well adapted for life on disturbed ground, such as plowed
fields, cleared woodlands, and roadsides. This one species has thus been able to
largely replace the other kinds of milkweeds that hosted monarchs before
prairies were plowed under and forests cut down."

But, the report says, "a dramatic change in farming practices -- the widespread
cultivation of genetically engineered, glysophate-resistant Roundup Ready corn
and soybeans -- has triggered a precipitous decline of common milkweed, and thus
of monarchs. Glysophate, sold by Monsanto under the name of Roundup, is one of
the very few herbicides that is effective on milkweed."

The herbicide prevents regeneration of milkweed from year-to-year by killing the
plant at the root, the report says.

In January, after the Fish and Wildlife Service said it was going forward to
determine whether endangered status was warranted, Monsanto issued a statement
saying that the company was "in dialogue with experts from universities,
nonprofits and government agencies in regards to the restoration of monarch
habitat in (federal) Crop Reserve Program land, on-farm buffer strips,
roadsides, utility rights of way and government-owned land."

The issue "is complicated, since monarchs need milkweed to survive but farmers
consider the plant a weed which competes with their crops for water, soil and
nutrients," the January Monsanto statement said.

In its report, the Center for Food Safety offers a host of recommendations for
the Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of Agriculture, Environmental
Protection Agency, and Congress, including:

o No new approval of herbicide-resistant crops until the impact on milkweed,
monarchs and pollinators is determined.

o An expedited endangered species determination by the FWS, which would give the
government greater powers to protect the butterfly.

o Incentives for farmers to create more "biodiverse" edges around farm fields,
which would ostensibly boost milkweed-friendly zones.

o Elimination of federal incentives for the production of ethanol, which
environmentalists say is driving farmers to convert more land to Roundup Ready
corn and soybeans.

But these proposals would face great opposition from a Republican Congress that
already thinks the Obama administration over-regulates on the environment.

Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Mo., said Wednesday that "nobody wants the monarch butterfly
or the honey bee or anything else to go away." But he said that Obama already
"comes up with regulations that are too drastic, without giving thought to those
regulations" and their impact on business.

Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Mo., said she was concerned about the monarch
population, but was waiting for more scientific results to determine whether
further regulations to protect it are necessary.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              109 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 6, 2015 Friday

Monsanto's Roundup blamed for the decline of the monarch butterfly

LENGTH: 1057  words

DATELINE: Bethesda


Science Communication Network has issued the following press release:

An environmental group that opposes genetically modified crops is issuing a
77-page report on the decline of the monarch butterfly that lays much of the
blame on Monsanto's Roundup Ready crops and Roundup herbicide.

The Center for Food Safety will release the report Thursday and brief members of
Congress on it.

The report acknowledges that diminished wintering grounds for the migrating
butterfly -- whose annual journey takes it through Missouri and Illinois --
plays a role in diminished monarch populations.

But the report also contains one of the most direct challenges to date of
Monsanto's Roundup products and their impact on the butterfly. Among other
things, the environmental organization calls for the phasing out of
herbicide-resistant plants over 10 years, and for a halt in a new generation of
genetically engineered crops it says are being planned by Monsanto and other
companies.

That phaseout has virtually no chance of getting through a Republican-controlled
Congress, which is already in major fights with the administration of President
Barack Obama on a variety of regulatory fronts.

But on the heels of the Fish and Wildlife Service's decision to consider
endangered species status for the butterfly, the report is another salvo in an
escalating regulatory and public relations battle over the iconic monarch
butterfly.

Monsanto spokeswoman Charla Lord said the Creve Coeur-based company would not
respond to the report without seeing it in full, but she said Monsanto was
"working, alongside many stakeholders including those in the agriculture sector,
federal agencies, conservation groups, and public sector researchers, to help
the monarchs."

The Center for Food Safety was among several environmental groups that in
December successfully petitioned the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service to open a
study on whether the butterfly should be on the endangered species list, in part
because of threats from genetically modified crops and herbicides. Monsanto is a
leader in their production.

Environmental and food safety groups said in their endangered species petition
that the butterfly's population had fallen from a high of 1 billion in the
mid-1990s to 35 million in 2013.

The World Wildlife Fund and the Mexican government last week released a survey
of the monarch's wintering grounds in a western Mexican forest. The study showed
that while the area occupied this winter by the hibernating monarchs is up 69
percent over 2013 (to 2.73 acres, just slightly larger than a typical square
city block), it is still the second-smallest wintering ground of the last two
decades.

The monarch is dependent upon milkweed for food and reproduction during its
annual 1,200- to 2,800-mile migration from Mexico to the Midwest and Canada.

The Center for Food Safety's report says that farming per se is not the problem.
Rather, the report asserts, it's Monsanto's Roundup Ready crops that have led to
a decline of 99 percent of milkweed in corn and soybean fields over the last 20
years.

"Monarch butterflies have co-existed with agriculture ever since the prairies
and forests of the Midwest were converted to cropland in the late 1800s,
thriving despite dramatic changes in farming practices over the 20th Century,"
the report says. "Monarchs have been able to thrive in a landscape dominated by
agriculture because just one of the 130 or so North American milkweed species
.... is remarkably well adapted for life on disturbed ground, such as plowed
fields, cleared woodlands, and roadsides. This one species has thus been able to
largely replace the other kinds of milkweeds that hosted monarchs before
prairies were plowed under and forests cut down."

But, the report says, "a dramatic change in farming practices -- the widespread
cultivation of genetically engineered, glysophate-resistant Roundup Ready corn
and soybeans -- has triggered a precipitous decline of common milkweed, and thus
of monarchs. Glysophate, sold by Monsanto under the name of Roundup, is one of
the very few herbicides that is effective on milkweed."

The herbicide prevents regeneration of milkweed from year-to-year by killing the
plant at the root, the report says.

In January, after the Fish and Wildlife Service said it was going forward to
determine whether endangered status was warranted, Monsanto issued a statement
saying that the company was "in dialogue with experts from universities,
nonprofits and government agencies in regards to the restoration of monarch
habitat in (federal) Crop Reserve Program land, on-farm buffer strips,
roadsides, utility rights of way and government-owned land."

The issue "is complicated, since monarchs need milkweed to survive but farmers
consider the plant a weed which competes with their crops for water, soil and
nutrients," the January Monsanto statement said.

In its report, the Center for Food Safety offers a host of recommendations for
the Fish and Wildlife Service, Department of Agriculture, Environmental
Protection Agency, and Congress, including:

o No new approval of herbicide-resistant crops until the impact on milkweed,
monarchs and pollinators is determined.

o An expedited endangered species determination by the FWS, which would give the
government greater powers to protect the butterfly.

o Incentives for farmers to create more "biodiverse" edges around farm fields,
which would ostensibly boost milkweed-friendly zones.

o Elimination of federal incentives for the production of ethanol, which
environmentalists say is driving farmers to convert more land to Roundup Ready
corn and soybeans.

But these proposals would face great opposition from a Republican Congress that
already thinks the Obama administration over-regulates on the environment.

Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Mo., said Wednesday that "nobody wants the monarch butterfly
or the honey bee or anything else to go away." But he said that Obama already
"comes up with regulations that are too drastic, without giving thought to those
regulations" and their impact on business.

Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Mo., said she was concerned about the monarch
population, but was waiting for more scientific results to determine whether
further regulations to protect it are necessary.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              110 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             March 14, 2016 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

LEGACY OF 1916 BLAZE DISCUSSED;
GREAT FIRE LED TO CHANGES IN SAFETY PRACTICES, PRESERVATIONIST SAYS

BYLINE:  BILL KIRBY  STAFF WRITER

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 613 words


Augusta's great fire of

1916 cost the city dearly, the executive director of Historic Augusta said
Sunday, but the community learned from its mistakes.

Speaking to about

250 people at St. Paul's Church, Erick Mont-gomery said many factors contributed
to the blaze that destroyed 36 city blocks and left 3,000 homeless, but, he
said, Augusta also recovered well, adopting practices that improved fire safety.

Citing fire and insurance records, Montgomery told the crowd about several
factors that added to the severity of the March

22, 1916, disaster. Augusta's well-known cotton market meant cotton bales were
often stored in the streets or packed into warehouses, and when cotton catches
fire, its very flammable fibers tend to float and spread, he said.

This proved dangerous a century ago, because many of the town's older buildings
had wooden shingles, and the fibers and sparks of the slow-moving fire went from
building to building, igniting, then consuming, many grand old houses in what is
now the Olde Town neighborhood.

Fighting the fire was also hampered by diminished water pressure, Montgomery
said, and many of the firefighters who rushed to Augusta by train and vehicle
from Macon, Atlanta and Savannah in Georgia, and Green-ville and Charleston,
S.C., could not use the firehoses they brought because they did not have
standardized hose couplings.

Augusta also seemed to have been negligent in fire safety precautions, he said.
The city had actually diminished the size of its downtown fire district, and
many of its building practices were suspect.

Much of this was addressed after the fire, he said.

Montgomery's presentation showed the audience scores of photos of the fire and
its aftermath. He described in detail how the blaze began in the former Dyer
Building at Eighth and Broad streets, then proceeded east, burning not only
cotton warehouses and the supposedly "fireproof" Augusta Chronicle building, but
also St. Paul's Church, the site of Sunday's program.

He drew a laugh from the audience while describing one photo days after the fire
that showed several men standing around some large, impressive barrels.
Montgomery said he did not know what was in the barrels, "but they appear to be
guarding them."

Another photo showed a well-dressed man jauntily surveying the desolation.

"He's rather dapper-looking," Montgomery said. "May-be he's wearing his best
suit that he saved from the fire, or maybe he was just a visitor."

Montgomery said there were many misconceptions about the

1916 fire.

"When I first came to town I was told that, 'Everything burned in the great fire
of

1916,' but nothing is further from the truth," he said.

It did destroy

35 or 36 blocks and leave 600 families without shelter. It burned up 541
dwellings and 141 business buildings. A thousand people were put out of work.

It cost

$4.25 million in property losses, of which $3.5 million was covered by
insurance. It destroyed 20,000 bales of cotton valued at $1.2 million.

Still, Montgomery said, that wasn't anywhere near the whole town, and there was
a silver lining.

The city improved its fire safety practices and codes, standardized its firehose
couplings and improved water pressure and delivery. Many of the older wooden
buildings were replaced with less flammable structures, Montgomery said, and
many of the buildings that replaced them, particularly downtown, were much more
impressive.

A special concert in remembrance of the fire followed the presentation. Keith
Shafer, the director of music and organist at St. Paul's, featured the premiere
of

Phoenix, an organ work commissioned to commemorate the fire and recovery.

Reach Bill Kirby at (706) 823-3344

or bill.kirby@augustachronicle.com

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              111 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                    Variety

                      February 4, 2008 - February 10, 2008

DIMINISHED CAPACITY

BYLINE: JOHN ANDERSON

SECTION:  REVIEWS

LENGTH: 697 words


A Plum Pictures presentation, in association with Hart Lunsford Films, Benedek
Films and Steppenwolf Films. Produced by Celine Rattray, Galt Niederhoffer,
Daniel Taplin Lundberg. Executive producers, Bill Benenson, Pamela Hirsch, Bruce
Lunsford, Ed Hart, Eric Warren Goldman, Scott Hanson, John Allen. Co-producers,
Hollise Gersh, Edward Gersh, Marilyn G. Haft, Sherwood Kiraly, John Gilroy, Joy
Goodwin.


Directed by Terry Kinney. Screenplay, Sherwood Kiraly, based on his novel.
Camera (color, HD), Vanja Cernjul; editor, Tim Streeto; music, Robert Burger;
music supervisor, Tracy McKnight; production designer, Dan Davis; art director,
Matt Munn; set decorator, Cherish Magennis; costume designer, Sarah Holden;
sound, Griffin Richardson; supervising sound editors, David Briggs, Lewis
Goldstein; sound effects editor, associate producers, Riva Marker, Katrine
Redfern, Douglas Brown, Janet Melk, Carina Alves; assistant director, Forrest
Futrell. Reviewed at Sundance Film Festival (Premieres), Jan. 23, 2008. Running
time: 87 MIN.
Cooper ..... Matthew Broderick
Rollie ..... Alan Alda
Charlotte ..... Virginia Madsen
Stan ..... Louis C.K.
Dillon ..... Jimmy Bennett
Mad Dog McClure ..... Dylan Baker
Lee Vivyan ..... Bobby Cannavale
Donny Prine ..... Jim True-Frost
A God's little acre's worth of premeditated eccentricity runs through "
Diminished Capacity," a triumphant losers-in-Cornville comedy starring Matthew
Broderick in a role he might have phoned in, and Alan Alda as a combination Jed
Clampett and Raymond Babbitt. A rare baseball card, a couple of neurological
impairments and a late-blooming love affair make Terry Kinney's light-hearted
sitcom palatable enough, and a name cast will make for reasonable B.O. Word of
mouth, however, will likely be along the lines of take it or leave it.
Cooper (Broderick), a political columnist for a large Chicago newspaper, has
been consigned to editing the comic pages because a recent head injury has
dismantled his short-term memory. He's on the mend, but when he's dispatched to
rural Illinois to care for his uncle Rollie (Alda), what we get is a double dose
of dementia.
Rollie has even hooked up his typewriter to fishing lines, by which the
inhabitants of his pond hammer the keys and write "poetry"; he dries his socks
on a makeshift propane grill he remembers to turn on but neglects to light; and
he's been telling everyone in town about his big secret --- a 1909 Chicago Cubs
baseball card of unconscionable value.
Rollie, a bit infuriating (as is Alda's Alabama accent, when all around him
sound like Midwesterners), is becoming a target for the local criminal element,
the demented Donny (Jim True-Frost) being Exhibit A. Between the two of them,
Rollie and Cooper can't keep a thing straight. Lucky for them they have the
lovely and vivacious Charlotte (Virginia Madsen) around, for infrastructural
support.
The screenplay for "Diminished Capacity," adapted by Sherwood Kiraly from his
novel of the same name, is ripe with the obvious and the emotionally
manipulative. There is a big baseball card convention happening that very
weekend in Chicago and they all head into town to unload Rollie's card.
Unfortunately, not everyone is as guileless as Rollie.
It becomes glaringly apparent how low-energy "Diminished Capacity" is when Dylan
Baker appears as obsessive Cubs fan and card dealer Mad Dog McClure. Suddenly,
the viewer is grabbed by the lapels and dragged into the movie as Baker seizes
our attention --- particularly the attention of Cubs fans. It's all about
Chicago and the "disease," as mad Dog puts it, of Cubs fandom (Cubs great Ernie
Banks even has a cameo). Perhaps only in Chicago could Kinney have plausibly
fashioned the kind of mania Baker possesses and portrays.
Unfortunately, the Baker aberration is just that. Nothing is very surprising in
"Diminished Capacity" and the extent to which Kinney and Kiraly go to prolong
the inevitable --- the treasured card gets lost, stolen, lost, duplicated ad
nauseum --- only points to the holes in the narrative. A pleasant enough
diversion, but "DC" will be bettered watched from the horizontal position of a
couch, one to which the film seems all too eager to send you.


LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Reed Elsevier Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              112 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                             Ramji & Associates P.C

                               2920 Virginia St.
                               Houston,  TX 77098
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (210) 568-8100
FAX: (866) 672-3372
URL: www.ramjilaw.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Ramji & Associates specializes in recovering diminished value for high-end
cars, like yours, that have been involved in a wreck. We handle everything from
having the diminished value report prepared to filing the diminished value
claim, to negotiating a proper settlement with insurance companies. Ramji &
Associates also can file a law suit in the event a settlement is not reached.
We have perfected our process for maximum recovery.  Based on hundreds of
settled cases, Ramji & Associates has an excellent track record for settlement
of Diminished Value claims. We are unique from any other service because we
handle your claim from start to finish. There IS NO FEE TO YOU, unless there is
a settlement. If you do not collect, Ramji & Associates bears the costs.  Start
your claim today.  Get in touch with our diminished value recovery
professionals.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              113 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Redlands Daily Facts (California)

                           December 3, 2015 Thursday

Looking at the big picture: Let's go to the beach

BYLINE: Jane Roberts

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 698 words


Our rainwater, drinking water, weather, climate, coastlines, much of our food,
and even the oxygen in the air we breathe are all ultimately provided and
regulated by the sea.

Are we humans even close to seeing this big picture and acting accordingly? No.

I have collected articles from various sources lately that sound an alarm. Just
this morning I read where California health officials are warning people to
avoid eating Dungeness and rock crabs that could contain dangerous levels of a
neurotoxin linked to a massive west coast algae bloom. This bloom has also shut
down several west coast fisheries.  The toxin, domoic acid, has affected
shellfish and quite possibly sickened or killed seabirds, seals, dolphins and
whales.

According to a report from the journal Science, the rapid warming of water off
New England, particularly off the state of Maine, is a key factor in the
collapse of the region's cod fishery. Fishery managers say cod spawning is at
only about 3 percent of sustainable levels. Dramatic quotas are being enforced.

We've all read about ocean acidification. Because of added CO2 not only in our
air but in our seas due in important ways to human activity, the Southern Ocean
is warming. Southern Ocean krill levels are diminishing. Tiny krill, which form
schools that can be miles long and miles deep are at the bottom of the food
chain for almost all other marine life. Diminished krill mean diminished fish
stocks and other marine life.

Dr. Sylvia Earle, a distinguished sea scientist and former administrator of the
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), spoke at an Esri-Town
and Gown forum on Nov. 3. She shared that live healthy coral reefs all over the
world are at only half the level of decades ago. Coral reefs are magnets for
rich sea life.

And what are the Chinese doing in the South China Sea? Building up man-made
islands to be made into military airstrips and to house military installations.
These "island" airstrips are 500 miles from mainland China and yet China is
claiming territorial rights. Well, aside from the military aspect, huge areas of
rich coral life and international fisheries are being destroyed. Speaking of
man-made mayhem on sea life!

The Japanese pay huge bucks, i.e. $37,500, for one bluefin tuna, for their
sushi. What a financial incentive for fishermen! The International Scientific
Committee for tuna estimates that the spawning stock biomass of Pacific bluefin
tuna is at 4 percent of the level it would be if the stock had never been fished
and spawning stock biomass has been declining for more than a decade. That's
crazy.  And what about the Chinese and their shark fin soup!

And you all know that melting sea ice caused by warming is wreaking havoc on
Pacific islands. Lower Manhattan is at high risk of flooding in the years to
come.

From the U.N. website: "Oceans absorb about 30 per cent of the carbon dioxide
produced by humans thereby buffering the impacts of global warming. Oceans serve
as the largest source of protein for over 3 billion people.  Marine fisheries
directly or indirectly employ over 200 million people."

That the health of the oceans is of crucial importance to us humans is an
understatement. But according to Dr. Earle we are clearcutting the oceans of
wildlife.

What to do? Earle says to stop eating fish. That is hard. I love fish. I say
never buy another can of tuna. Learn all you can about ocean preserves, i.e.,
parks where the international community is putting more and more oceanic habitat
off limits to exploitation.

I've always loved the beach. Since I was a child I've gone to La Jolla Shores.
Somehow taking a dip in the ocean and staring out at the huge expanse of rolling
water has given me a sense of my place in the universe. Infinitesimal!

When I die, I've always wanted to be cremated and have my ashes scattered in the
ocean. To my great relief, my chemist husband has assured me that human ashes
are alkaline. Whew!

Jane Roberts has taught starting in 1964 at the University of Redlands. In 2002
she started a grass-roots movement that has garnered more than $4.3 million for
family planning through the United Nations Population Fund. She lives in
Redlands.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              114 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Redlands Daily Facts (California)

                            November 22, 2015 Sunday

Looking at the big picture: Let's go to the beach

BYLINE: Jane Roberts

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 703 words

ABSTRACT

left column

FULL TEXT

Our rainwater, drinking water, weather, climate, coastlines, much of our food,
and even the oxygen in the air we breathe are all ultimately provided and
regulated by the sea.

Are we humans even close to seeing this big picture and acting accordingly? No.

I have collected articles from various sources lately that sound an alarm. Just
this morning I read where California health officials are warning people to
avoid eating Dungeness and rock crabs that could contain dangerous levels of a
neurotoxin linked to a massive west coast algae bloom. This bloom has also shut
down several west coast fisheries.  The toxin, domoic acid, has affected
shellfish and quite possibly sickened or killed seabirds, seals, dolphins and
whales.

According to a report from the journal Science, the rapid warming of water off
New England, particularly off the state of Maine, is a key factor in the
collapse of the region's cod fishery. Fishery managers say cod spawning is at
only about 3 percent of sustainable levels. Dramatic quotas are being enforced.

We've all read about ocean acidification. Because of added CO2 not only in our
air but in our seas due in important ways to human activity, the Southern Ocean
is warming. Southern Ocean krill levels are diminishing. Tiny krill, which form
schools that can be miles long and miles deep are at the bottom of the food
chain for almost all other marine life. Diminished krill mean diminished fish
stocks and other marine life.

Dr. Sylvia Earle, a distinguished sea scientist and former administrator of the
National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), spoke at an Esri-Town
and Gown forum on Nov. 3. She shared that live healthy coral reefs all over the
world are at only half the level of decades ago. Coral reefs are magnets for
rich sea life.

And what are the Chinese doing in the South China Sea? Building up man-made
islands to be made into military airstrips and to house military installations.
These "island" airstrips are 500 miles from mainland China and yet China is
claiming territorial rights. Well, aside from the military aspect, huge areas of
rich coral life and international fisheries are being destroyed. Speaking of
man-made mayhem on sea life!

The Japanese pay huge bucks, i.e. $37,500, for one bluefin tuna, for their
sushi. What a financial incentive for fishermen! The International Scientific
Committee for tuna estimates that the spawning stock biomass of Pacific bluefin
tuna is at 4 percent of the level it would be if the stock had never been fished
and spawning stock biomass has been declining for more than a decade. That's
crazy.  And what about the Chinese and their shark fin soup!

And you all know that melting sea ice caused by warming is wreaking havoc on
Pacific islands. Lower Manhattan is at high risk of flooding in the years to
come.

From the U.N. website: "Oceans absorb about 30 per cent of the carbon dioxide
produced by humans thereby buffering the impacts of global warming. Oceans serve
as the largest source of protein for over 3 billion people.  Marine fisheries
directly or indirectly employ over 200 million people."

That the health of the oceans is of crucial importance to us humans is an
understatement. But according to Dr. Earle we are clearcutting the oceans of
wildlife.

What to do? Earle says to stop eating fish. That is hard. I love fish. I say
never buy another can of tuna. Learn all you can about ocean preserves, i.e.,
parks where the international community is putting more and more oceanic habitat
off limits to exploitation.

I've always loved the beach. Since I was a child I've gone to La Jolla Shores.
Somehow taking a dip in the ocean and staring out at the huge expanse of rolling
water has given me a sense of my place in the universe. Infinitesimal!

When I die, I've always wanted to be cremated and have my ashes scattered in the
ocean. To my great relief, my chemist husband has assured me that human ashes
are alkaline. Whew!

Jane Roberts has taught starting in 1964 at the University of Redlands. In 2002
she started a grass-roots movement that has garnered more than $4.3 million for
family planning through the United Nations Population Fund. She lives in
Redlands.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              115 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           August 24, 2011 Wednesday

Treating sleep apnea may head off Alzheimer's, other dementia

BYLINE: Lois M. Collins Deseret News

LENGTH: 838 words


Sleep apnea doubles the chance that an elderly woman will develop dementia
within five years, compared to those without the common sleep disorder,
according to a new study. It suggests sleep apnea may contribute to diminished
cognition, though it stops short of saying that is the cause. The findings of a
multi-center study headed by University of California San Francisco scientists
are published this month in the Journal of the American Medical Association. The
research shows what sleep specialists have long suspected but had not proved,
said a UCSF release announcing the work: Sleep apnea, which involves dysrhythmic
and shallow breathing that interrupts sleep and reduces oxygen intake, may keep
the brain and other organs from getting enough oxygen.

Over time, that may lead to diminished cognitive ability. "This is the first
study to show that sleep apnea may lead to cognitive impairment," said Dr.
Kristine Yaffe, study leader and professor of psychiatry, neurology and
epidemiology at UCSF. "It suggests that there is a biological connection between
sleep and cognition and also suggests that treatment of sleep apnea might help
prevent or delay the onset of dementia in older adults."  People who have sleep
apnea usually snore, breathing is a series of often shallow stops and starts.
Those with the condition are typically not well rested. The pauses in breathing
last from mere seconds to a minute or so and they occur between five and 30
times an hour. "Typically, normal breathing stops then starts again, sometimes
with a loud snort or choking sound," according to the National Institutes of
Health.  Earlier research has shown a link between sleep apnea and dementia, but
the studies were not set up to follow people with normal mental ability at the
study's start to see what happens. That was done with all 298 study subjects,
who were drawn from more than 10,000 older women in a very large study of
osteoporosis. For this substudy, researchers analyzed their  mental status and
excluded anyone with signs of dementia. "The extent of information has been
limited before, because the studies were based on people with advanced dementia
who, surprise, surprise, had sleep problems," Yaffe told the San Francisco
Chronicle. "It's been hard to tell what's the chicken and what's the egg." After
the test, patients were given their scores and told if they showed signs of
severe sleep problems, study coauthor Katie Stone, an epidemiologist at the
California Pacific Medical Center in San Francisco, told Science News. Whether
they sought treatment is unknown, she said. Several years later, sleep experts
visited the study subjects at home and monitored them as they slept, using tools
to measure brain activity, heart rhythm, leg movements, airflow, breathing
activity in chest and abdomen and oxygen in their blood. With all that, they
could see how often the women were each without adequate oxygen as they slept.
Later, the women returned to the clinic for more tests that measured cognitive
abilities, memory and verbal fluency. If they showed signs of dementia or mild
cognitive impairment, a panel of clinical experts reviewed their records to
decide whether to confirm the diagnosis. The researchers found that about
one-third of the women did develope dementia or mild cognitive impairment. Those
with sleep apnea were much more likely to become cognitively impaired: 44.8
percent of those with sleep-disordered breathing compared to 31.1 percent of
those who didn't have it.  They found the key factor leading to cognitive
impairment was oxygen deprivation. No independent connection was seen between
dementia and the number of times they were awakened in their struggle to
breathe. Science News noted that "women who had 15 or more breathing stoppages
per hour and who spent more than 7 percent of sleep time not breathing during
the earlier part of the study were nearly twice as likely as those without
breathing problems to develop dementia or other cognitive impairments. Such
problems can include forgetfulness, confusion and reasoning problems." Earlier
studies suggested oxygen therapy for patients with Alzheimer's and sleep apnea
might slow decline. The researchers said this study shows it might delay the
onset or possibly prevent it all together. A mask that delivers continuous
positive airway pressure (CPAP) is a common treatment for sleep apnea. An entry
in Wikipedia  notes that the device was developed by Dr. George Gregory and
colleagues in the neonatal intensive care unit ? also at UCSF, where the new
research took place. Though the research involved women, the findings likely
apply to men, too. No treatment is shown to stop mild impairment from becoming
dementia or Alzheimers, so "treating at-risk patients with CPAP for
sleep-disordered breathing is a prevention strategy that may be worth testing,"
say Nicola Canessa and Luigi Ferini-Strambi of the San Raffaele Scientific
Institute in Milan wrote in the same issue of JAMA. EMAIL: lois@desnews.com,
Twitter: Loisco

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              116 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            December 29, 2008 Monday

BART cuts back Pittsburg line service, jamming up waiting commuters

BYLINE: By Janis Mara Contra Costa Times

SECTION: COMMUTING; News

LENGTH: 595 words


SAN FRANCISCO   Responding to howls of indignation from commuters on the
Pittsburg-Bay Point line, BART plans longer trains today, but they will still be
running less often because of the holiday week.

Commuters boarding at the Pittsburg station Monday encountered long lines and
short, sparse trains because of holiday cuts, prompting an outcry that led the
agency to add cars on the East Bay line the same day.

But 15-minute intervals between trains, longer than the usual 5-minute wait
during rush hour, were unchanged, and riders were not happy Monday afternoon.

Karen Zee's train was late Monday morning. "I had to wait 25 minutes on the cold
platform," said the Lafayette resident as she waited at the Embarcadero station
in San Francisco to catch the train home about 5 p.m. "The five-car trains are a
real pain. They're packed."

Because of the expense of driving to the city and parking, Zee said, "I have no
other choice but BART. Driving is not an option." However, she was able to catch
the Pittsburg train home without waiting too long.

Anticipating diminished ridership during the holiday week, BART scheduled
five-car Pittsburg trains every 15 minutes, instead of the normal eight-car to
10-car trains running at five-minute intervals.

It turns out ridership is actually up this week, according to BART spokeswoman
Luna Salaver, giving rise to overflowing platforms all along the Pittsburg line.

Commuters made their displeasure known to BART in no uncertain measure, and the
agency made a midday decision Monday to extend the trains to normal lengths for
the rest of the week, except for Thursday, New Year's Day. Trains will still run
every 15 minutes, Salaver said. But there is a chance the Pittsburg train
schedule will be beefed up today. "They (BART officials) are revisiting the
situation, but I don't know for sure," Salaver said.

At the Embarcadero station about 5 p.m. Monday, it didn't look as though the
trains were running any closer together.

"(The train) seems to be backed up. Normally there's a Pittsburg train arriving
now, but the sign says one is coming in 10 minutes," said Helen Clinton, of
Pittsburg. Because she boards at the first stop, in Pittsburg, Clinton avoided
the crowding, she said. "But going home is a different story," she said. "I
always have to stand."

Unless BART decides to make a change, the amended schedule will continue through
Friday.

"It was too crowded. We stood all the way in from Concord," said Annette
Querques, who lives in that city. "They cut down the number of cars and the
frequency. It should be easier this week, not harder."

Not everyone had a hard time on BART Monday. "I caught the train around 6:45
a.m., and it wasn't too crowded," said Chris Canova, of Walnut Creek.

When Kerry Daley got to the Pleasant Hill BART station Monday morning, the
seasoned Walnut Creek commuter was taken aback by the crowds.

"By the time the trains got to Pleasant Hill, they were packed and we couldn't
get on," he wrote in an e-mail. "Who would think that no one has to work this
week and deem a holiday schedule appropriate? Honestly, I am surprised that no
fights broke out, as people were highly upset they couldn't get to work."

Salaver said that because BART operations staff members expected lower ridership
in the final two weeks of December, the train schedule was adjusted from the
Pittsburg-Bay Point station to San Francisco. The adjustment does not affect
Richmond and Dublin-Pleasanton trains, which are running on their normal
schedule, every 15 minutes.

Reach Janis Mara at 925-952-2671 or jmara@bayareanewsgroup.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Commuters crowd into a Pittsburg bound BART train during the evening
commute at the Embarcadero BART station on Monday, December 29, 2008 in San
Francisco, Calif. BART officials anticipated diminished ridership during this
holiday week so they adjusted the Pittsburg line by running one train every
fifteen minutes instead of the usual five minute interval. (Jose Carlos
Fajardo/Staff)
Commuters crowd into a Pittsburg bound BART train during the evening commute at
the Embarcadero BART station on Monday, December 29, 2008 in San Francisco,
Calif. BART officials anticipated diminished ridership during this holiday week
so they adjusted the Pittsburg line by running one train every fifteen minutes
instead of the usual five minute interval. (Jose Carlos Fajardo/Staff)
BART riders stand underneath a sign displaying the train intervals during the
evening commute at the Embarcadero BART station on Monday, December 29, 2008 in
San Francisco, Calif. BART officials anticipated diminished ridership during
this holiday week so they adjusted the Pittsburg line by running one train every
fifteen minutes instead of the usual five minute interval. (Jose Carlos
Fajardo/Staff)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              117 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                            January 18, 2010 Monday

Davis' turnovers have him fighting for playing time

BYLINE: Robert Gagliardi

SECTION: LOCAL SPORTS; Main Sports; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 555 words


a.j. davis' time on the floor has diminished a lot lately as coach schroyer
hopes to cut down on his team's turnovers.

By Robert Gagliardi

rgagliardi@wyomingnews.com

LARAMIE - He's still the team's second-leading scorer and is tops in steals.

But University of Wyoming sophomore guard A.J. Davis' playing time has
diminished a lot lately, including in the Cowboys' 70-68 home loss to New Mexico
last Saturday.

Davis didn't start for the second straight game and played just five minutes. He
finished with two points, one rebound, one assist and one turnover.

"The biggest thing is we really want to cut down on turnovers and try to rebound
the ball better, and he hasn't been doing those things," UW coach Heath Schroyer
said.

"It's a day-by-day and a game-by-game decision. A lot of young guys are fighting
for playing time."

UW (8-10 overall, 1-3 Mountain West Conference) committed 23 turnovers, but
outrebounded New Mexico (16-3, 2-2) 40-39 and 12-10 on the offensive glass.

In four conference games Davis has played 43 minutes.

Sophomore guard Arthur BouÃ«do started in place of Davis for the second straight
game, but for the second straight game he struggled.

BouÃ«do missed both of his shot attempts and had three turnovers in 12 minutes
in Saturday's loss to New Mexico and in his last two games he is a combined
0-for-9 from the field.

True freshman Daylen Harrison came off the bench and played 10 minutes, the most
for him in a conference game. He had two points, one rebound and one assist.

Getting better

Turnovers also were keeping true freshman Desmar Jackson from getting on the
floor.

But in four conference games Jackson has just seven turnovers, even though three
of those were against New Mexico.

Jackson also had eight points and a career-high four steals in 12 minutes.

"I though Des played really well and he's starting to figure out league play,"
Schroyer said. "His mistakes are going down. His biggest thing right now is
reading defenses and not turning it over at the rate he's been doing. He did
some nice things and was really good in our press."

Free-throw slump

In its last two games UW has missed 17 free throws, and it lost those games by a
combined five points.

"We've just got to get our rhythm back and do what we do," sophomore forward
Afam Muojeke said.

Schroyer also is confident poor free-throw shooting won't become the norm for
his team.

"We'll knock them down," he said. "For the

See Basketball, page B5

first month of the season I kept hearing how we could never make a 3-pointer.
Now we're starting to make 3s."

He's right.

At one point UW was shooting less than 20 percent from 3-point range. But in
conference play the Cowboys are 32 of 79 for 42.9 percent.

Group effort

New Mexico had several players defend Muojeke, UW's leading scorer entering the
game at 18.1 points per game.

Muojeke finished with a team-high 16, but he was 5 of 17 from the field and 2 of
8 from 3-point range.

In his last two games Muojeke was 8 of 11 from behind the arc.

"I don't think Afam played great," Schroyer said. "At the end he tried to force
some things. I give New Mexico a lot of credit. They did a good job on him."

Tough task

UW next plays at No. 18 Brigham Young (18-1, 3-0) where it is just 14-65 there
since the series began in 1929.

The Cowboys have lost four straight at BYU, including the last two by a combined
50 points.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              118 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 4, 2014 Friday

US Patent granted to Cisco Technology, Inc (California) on April 1 titled as
"Diminishing an appearance of a double chin in video communications"

LENGTH: 226  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,687,039 on
April 1, 2014, to Cisco Technology, Inc (California), titled as "Diminishing an
appearance of a double chin in video communications"

Inventors:  DeGrazia; Bradley Richard (Seattle, WA), Gatzke; Alan Darryl
(Bainbridge Island, WA), Kuhlke; Matthew (San Francisco, CA)
Assignee:  Cisco Technology, Inc. (San Jose, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Techniques for diminishing an appearance of a participant's double chin during
video conferencing. A participant's image is captured with an input device and
processed so as to diminish the appearance of a double chin between the
participant's chin and neck. The processed image with a diminished double chin
appearance is outputted to both the participant's video conferencing graphical
user interface and to the graphical user interface of a remote participant that
the participant is communicating with in the video conferencing session. The
diminished double chin appearance may be dynamically modified in real time
during the video conference."

The patent was filed on June 6, 2011 Application no. 13/154,030

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              119 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Rating Changes

                             June 21, 1996, Friday




    Albany County School District No. 1, Wyo., general obligation bonds,
Series 1996   2,950   AAA   A   S&P   The bonds are guaranteed by
Wyoming Common School Account.
    Broward County Housing Finance Authority, Fla., home mortgage bonds,
Series 1983A   13,597   BBB   BBB-minus   S&P   The upgrade is
based on strong asset to liability position of the bonds.
    Campbell County School District No. 1, Wyo., general obligation bonds
22,000   AAA   A   S&P   The bonds are guaranteed by Wyoming Common
School Account.
    Cobb County, Ga., water and sewerage revenue bonds, various series
150,000   AA   AA-minus   S&P   The upgrade is based on improved
financial position and greater equity financing of capital program.
    Conservation and Renewable Energy System, Wash., conserve resource
project bonds   38,630   AA-minus   AA   S&P   The downgrade
reflects Bonneville Power Administration's diminished financial flexibility
and competitive pressure.
    Eugene, Ore., water and electric bonds, Series 1977 (Trojan Nuclear
Project)   111,600   AA-minus   AA   S&P   The downgrade
reflects Bonneville Power Administration's diminished financial flexibility
and competitive pressure.
    Independence School District, Mo., general obligation bonds, Series
1996A   11,710   A   A1   Moody's   The downgrade reflects narrowing
financial margins and non-traditional future financial plans.
    Lewis County Public Utility District, Wash., water and electric bonds,
various series (Cowlitz Falls Hydroelectric)   144,355   AA-minus   AA
S&P   The downgrade reflects Bonneville Power Administration's diminished
financial flexibility and competitive pressure.
    Mandeville, La., general obligation bonds   1,355   A1   A
Moody's   The Bond Buyer was unable to obtain an explanation for the
upgrade.
    Manville, N.J., general improvement bonds   4,768   Baa1   Baa
Moody's   The upgrade is based on well-maintained residential community,
manageable debt levels, and adequate reserves.
    Minnetonka Independent School District No. 276, Minn., general
obligation school building bonds, Series 1996B   9,170   Aa1   Aa
Moody's   The upgrade reflects strong financial performance, diverse
economic
base, and satisfactory current capital improvement.
    Monroe County, N.Y., public improvement bonds, Series 1996   324,400
Aa
A1   Moody's   The upgrade is based on significantly improved fiscal
performance, manageable debt position, and large, diverse economic base.
    Northern Wasco County Peoples Utility District, Ore., hydroelectric
project bonds, Series 1993 (McNary Dam Fishway)   30,075   AA-minus   AA
S&P   The downgrade reflects Bonneville Power Administration's diminished
financial flexibility and competitive pressure.
    O'Donnell Independent School District, Tex., unlimited tax school
building bonds, Series 1996   115   Baa   Baa1   Moody's   The
downgrade reflects limited agricultural economy with tax base loses tied to
mineral values.
    Philadelphia Hospitals and Higher Education Facilities Authority, Pa.,
health care revenue bonds   165,280   Baa   Baa1   Moody's   The
downgrade is based on continued financial stress and negative outlook based
on financial performance pressured by HMO's.
    Phoenix Civic Improvement Corporation, Ariz., senior lien water system
revenue bonds, Series 1996   56,145   Aa   A1   Moody's   The upgrade
reflects strong financial operations, prudent debt management, and strong
regional economy.
    Phoenix Civic Improvement Corporation, Ariz., junior lien water system
revenue bonds, Series 1996   150,000   Aa   A1   Moody's   The upgrade
reflects strong financial operations, prudent debt management, and strong
regional economy.
    Phoenix General Hospital Maricopa County, Ariz., health care revenue
bonds   27,145   B   Caa   Moody's   The upgrade is based on improved
financial performance, improved liquidity, and new growth in service area.
    Reading, Mass., general obligation bonds   16,580   Aa   A1
Moody's   The Bond Buyer was unable to obtain an explanation for the
upgrade.
    Scottsdale Municipal Property Corp., Ariz., revenue bonds   100,670
AA-
plus   AA   S&P   The upgrade is based on consistently strong revenue
growth, minimal capital needs and legal provision that provide strong
bondholder protection.
    Spartanburg County, S.C., general obligation bonds, Series 1996
19,900   Aa   A1   Moody's   The upgrade reflects strong industrial
economy, good finances, and modest debt levels with infrequent issuance.
    Tacoma, Wash., revenue bonds, Series 1994   22,245   AA-minus   AA
S&P   The downgrade reflects Bonneville Power Administration's diminished
financial flexibility and competitive pressure.
    Texas A&M Board of Regents, revenue bonds   264,659   AAA   AA-plus
S&P
The upgrade is based on overwhelming growth of assets, improved asset
management and slow down in debt issuance.
    Texas A&M Board of Regents, revenue bonds   80,000   AAA/A-1+
AA+/A-1+   S&P   The upgrade is based on overwhelming growth of
assets, improved asset management and slow down in debt issuance.
    University of Texas Board of Regents, revenue bonds, various series
546,045   AAA   AA-plus   S&P   The upgrade is based on overwhelming growth
of assets, improved asset management and slow down in debt issuance.
    University of Texas Board of Regents, revenue bonds, various series
100,000   AAA/A-1+   AA+/A-1+   S&P   The upgrade is based on
overwhelming growth of assets, improved asset management and slow down in
debt issuance.


SECTION: Pg. 21

LENGTH: 1100 words

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1996 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                              120 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           October 17, 2012 Wednesday

Thursday, Oct. 18, 2012: Favorite candidates, negative tone, too much noise

LENGTH: 1043 words


Election Day registration


Democracy works best when more of us vote. We are given the privilege of voting
regarding the issues that face our nation and our state. I am a strong believer
that I have a duty to vote in each election to make sure that my voice is heard.


Since 1973 Maine has permitted Election Day registration. This practice has
increased voter participation and trouble free elections. In 2010, Maine was
ranked number one in voter turnout; and same-day voter registration is one of
the reasons Maine does so well. When the Legislature tried to repeal this
popular and successful law, the people responded by voting overwhelming last
November to restore it.


During public hearings on the proposed legislation to repeal Election Day
registration, no evidence was provided that this practice had caused any
problems during the 38 years it has been the law in Maine. We, as a state, have
made it clear to our legislature that we want to break


down barriers to voting. We want each of us to have a voice. We are all
diminished, our democracy is diminished, if we do not work vigilantly to protect
not only our own rights, but also the rights of our fellow citizens.


Our secretary of state has now created a commission to study voting rights in
Maine. We should again make it clear that we want to protect our fundamental
constitutional right to vote. Repealing Election Day registration will mean that
fewer people participate in Maine elections, which is bad for everyone.


Jane Clayton


Veazie


Vote for Schneck will make a difference


I am writing in support of John Schneck, candidate for state representative,
District 16, Bangor. I have known John and his wife, Mary, for many years. We
sat on the soccer and field hockey courts, watched our children play and talked
for many hours. John has shown his dedication to the Bangor community by living,
working and raising his kids here.


One of his top priorities is to make sure that young people living in Bangor
have access to excellent public education. We both agree that this is vital to
our future.


Another priority is to lower the cost of healthcare in Maine. We both agree that
recent laws passed in Maine that deregulate insurance companies, have given
corporations free rein to force families to choose between food, medicine and
basic needs.


Candidates that believe Maine people are more important than corporations must
be sent to Augusta.


John owned a successful small business for many years; he is acutely aware of
the need to bring people together with opposing views in order to find
solutions. During these hard economic times, and as a gallery owner in downtown
Bangor, John and I have discussed the necessity to find common-sense solutions
for economic hardship, revitalization, and working hard across all party lines
to move Maine government beyond its current state of dysfunction.


I hope you will support and vote for John Schneck, state representative,
District 16 on Nov. 6. Your vote makes all the difference!


Roxanne Munksgaard


Bangor


Negative tone


Is there really any wonder why so few of the eligible voters in this country
actually vote? Daily, we are bombarded with personal attacks, half-truths and
outright lies in an effort to convince us that one candidate or another is
unworthy of our support. We have come to expect such from candidates in our
federal and high-level state elections, but it is a measure of how far political
discourse has fallen when it reaches our local and legislative elections.


Recently I received a flier attacking state Rep. Jim Parker (R). It was an
advocacy piece for Aaron Frey. Its main graphic was a caricature of Parker with
thumbs-up to a home with a foreclosure sign on it. This is the kind of "facts
don't matter" politicking that has so jaded the electorate.


I have known Jim Parker for many years. He has done much for our community. He
is experienced, compassionate and an advocate for all in his district including
us in the lower and middle class. He is a member of the United Way Leaders
Circle, contributes to the Bangor


Homeless Shelter, supports the programs of the Charlotte White Center and is
working to keep the Dorothea Dix facility in our community. He is a retired
environmental engineer and has done a fine job for us. He deserves re-election.


Mr. Frey would do well to disavow and discontinue the negative campaigning and
tell us why he is worthy of consideration.


Bill Riley


Bangor


Concert noise 'outrageous'


Efforts by the Bangor City Council to curb disruptive behaviors which diminish
the quality of life of the city's residential neighborhoods is to be commended.


Can anyone explain how the same city council that is considering an ordinance
which would fine residents for noise audible beyond a resident's property line
can ignore the outrageous noise levels generated by Alex Grey's Waterfront
Concerts, which can be heard for miles?


Carl Rella


Bangor


Levesque a leader with innovative ideas


I first met Dan Levesque when I was representing Presque Isle in the Maine House
of Representatives. At the time, Gov. Baldacci and rural legislators like me
were working to find cost-effective ways to expand high-speed Internet access to
every corner of the state.


It was essential to growing Maine's economy, but the largest providers did not
want to lay additional cable. That's when Levesque called -- he had an idea.


Levesque and I met and drove to the peak of a hill just outside Presque Isle. He
pointed up at a cell phone tower and then handed me binoculars and told me to
look miles to the west at another tower.


He wanted to mount a transmitter on the first tower and then bounce a high-speed
Internet signal from tower to tower across western Aroostook County. By using
existing cell towers, providers like him could ensure that almost every family
and business in rural Maine would have access. It was an innovative solution to
an important problem.


Now, at this time of unprecedented challenges facing our state, Maine needs
leaders like Levesque in Augusta who understand the challenges and how they
affect rural communities. We need leaders with innovative solutions.


I know Levesque, and I know he's just the type of leader our state needs. I hope
you'll support his candidacy for the state Senate on Nov. 6.


Jeremy R. Fischer


Portland

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Bangor Daily News


                              121 of 997 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                            November 6, 2006 Monday
                                National Edition

Unproven Lakers shining under Zen Master Jackson: 3-0 to start season

BYLINE: Bruce Arthur, National Post

SECTION: SPORTS MONDAY; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 565  words


Red Auerbach never liked Phil Jackson. The grand old Celtic needled Jackson from
afar, diminishing Jackson's nine titles -- equal only to Auerbach's own -- and
denigrating his record. As Auerbach said of Jackson, who coached Michael Jordan
and then Shaquille O'Neal and Kobe Bryant, the coach "picked his spots."

Well, the job that Jackson has done since returning to a diminished Los Angeles
team has, if anything, diminished that charge. The Lakers were coming off a
34-48 season after losing Shaquille O'Neal, but with Jackson at the helm, went
45-37 last year with unproven players in major roles -- hello, Smush Parker --
and nearly toppled Phoenix in the playoffs. This season, the Lake Show has burst
out to a 3-0 start while averaging 114 points per game, going into last night's
matchup at Seattle.

And in two of those games, the Lakers did not have Kobe Bryant.

"We're a deep team," forward Luke Walton told the Los Angeles Times. "We've got
a lot of people that can play basketball ... every night it's going to be
someone different coming off the bench. We've got so many guys capable of
putting up huge numbers."

Few expected it, but Walton appears to be right. In the season-opening upset of
Phoenix, second-year centre Andrew Bynum, who turned 19 on Oct. 27, had 19
points, 11 rebounds, and five assists in just 24 minutes. In a win over Golden
State, forward Ronny Turiaf, the 2005 second-round pick who underwent heart
surgery last year, contributed 23 points and nine rebounds. In beating Seattle,
Walton had 20 points, eight rebounds and five assists, and Bryant smoothly
inserted himself back into the lineup after recovering from off-season knee
surgery.

But the man who has held this team together is multifaceted forward Lamar Odom,
who is averaging a team-leading 28.0 points, 8.7 rebounds, 7.0 assists and .540
shooting in the three games. Odom's 6 1/2-month-old son, Jayden, died in his
crib over the summer. The death devastated Odom, who now writes Baby J on his
sneakers, alongside the name of his deceased mother and grandmother.

"There have been times where I feel like the weight of the world is on my back,"
Odom told the Times. "There's been times when I've been broken down to one knee.
But I always feel like I'm going to overcome that."

Odom has always been a bundle of talent, but one whose focus was questionable.
Now, Odom's talent -- and focus -- is coming into full bloom.

Behind all this is Jackson, who has adopted a soft-love approach to many of his
young, sensitive players, especially Odom. The Lakers may not be a contender by
season's end in the brutal West, but isn't it funny how stars and role players
alike tend to play their best basketball under the Zen Master?

- IT'S EARLY, PART I: In the West, last season's top four playoff seeds -- San
Antonio, Phoenix, Dallas and Denver -- started a combined 2-8.

- IT'S EARLY, PART II: Portland, which won a league-worst 21 games last season,
is already 2-1, winning in Seattle and against Minnesota. Of course, the Blazers
started 3-3 last season, then went 18-58 the rest of the way.

- IT'S EARLY, PART III: Grant Hill, averaging 19.3 points on .621 shooting, has
not been hurt, and has been Orlando's most consistent player.

- TERRIBLE, TERRIBLE INJURY WATCH: Portland centre Joel Przybilla is expected to
miss a week with a lower abdominal bruise -- after being hit in the groin.

barthur@nationalpost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2006 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              122 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                          November 30, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Busy day on NHL waiver wire

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 430  words


Simon Gamache was claimed by St. Louis from Nashville, Ron Hainsey was taken by
Columbus from Montreal, and Colton Orr joined the New York Rangers from Boston
off NHL waivers Tuesday.

Gamache was getting diminished ice time with the Predators. During the lockout,
he finished fifth in AHL scoring with 86 points for Milwaukee. In 2001 he was
the top point-getter and most outstanding player in Canadian major junior
hockey. The Blues sent Jeff Woywitka to the AHL's Peoria Rivermen to make room
for Gamache.

Hainsey joins a Blue Jackets team in need of defencemen. Adam Foote is on
injured reserve after straining a groin muscle versus Nashville last week.
Hainsey appeared in 32 games with Montreal from 2002 to 2004. He had 17 points
in 22 games with the AHL farm team in Hamilton this season.

Orr, a rookie from Winnipeg who was never drafted by an NHL team, was the
Bruins' enforcer this season. He'd been a healthy scratch lately.

"That role has diminished," said GM Mike O'Connell. "The game has changed."

The Bruins also placed Shawn McEachern on waivers, and he cleared, which means
he'll probably be sent to the AHL.

Also placed on waivers were Pittsburgh goalie Jocelyn Thibault, Florida
left-winger Kristian Huselius and Chicago centre Mikhail Yakubov. Thibault,
expected to be the Pittsburgh's starter when the season began, is 1-7-2 with a
4.38 goals-against average and an .880 save percentage in 12 games.

The Penguins made the move one day after calling up goaltender Marc-Andre Fleury
from their Wilkes-Barre/Scranton club. Fleury was the top pick in the 2003 NHL
draft.

Thibault signed a $3-million US, two-year contract after being traded to
Pittsburgh by Chicago in August.

CUJO GOING?: Curtis Joseph is doing his best to play his way onto Canada's
Olympic hockey team.

Joseph is 11-7-0 with a 2.12 goals-against average and .932 save percentage with
the Phoenix Coyotes. Joseph, 38, has been outstanding, says head coach Wayne
Gretzky, who as executive director of the Canadian men's team for the Winter
Games in February will have the last say on player selections.

"I'll push for him if he deserves to be there, absolutely, and right now he
deserves to be there," Gretzky told the Arizona Republic.

FISCHER RESTS: Detroit defenceman Jiri Fischer continues to rest at home while
recovering from convulsions in a Nov. 21 home game. He slumped off the bench and
was revived after his heart stopped beating.

Fischer, 25, will see two doctors this week to try to figure out why the
incident occurred. Doctors have advised him to do no physical training for four
to six weeks.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              123 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                      June 25, 2014 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

SanMedica International: "Fountain of Youth" Formula Receives Fifth Patent for
Increasing Growth Hormone Levels

LENGTH: 592  words


June 25 -- The growth hormone revolution for women was rekindled with the
following quote from Shape magazine: "When you see a 50-year-old actress who can
pass for 35, you can bet that good genes aren't the only things responsible for
her youthful glow." So when a study establishing the distinct ability of
SeroVital-hgh to naturally increase growth hormone levels without injections was
published, people couldn't stop talking about it especially when SeroVital
became a focus at scientific conferences around the globe, including The 2013
Summer Meeting of the American Academy of Dermatology in New York City, Obesity
Week in Atlanta, Georgia, and even the 9th World Congress of Cosmetic
Dermatology held in Athens, Greece, to name just a few. All of that, coupled
with the issuance of three separate and distinct patents from the United States
Patent Office protecting the formula from imitators, has made SeroVital the
number one selling "anti-aging" formula in the United States.



Because of this notoriety, SanMedica International, SeroVital's distributor, has
been very aggressive in protecting its formula. It has now received its fourth
United States Patent, this time for "Methods for increasing human growth hormone
levels," as well as a fifth patent for "Methods for improving health in humans."


One of SeroVital's new Patents, Number 8,734,864, states:

Daily growth hormone secretion diminishes with age with roughly half the levels
at age forty that we had when we were twenty Symptoms of aging include loss of
muscle, increase of fat, decreased physical mobility, decreased energy levels
and as a result, diminished socialization, diminished healing ability and an
increased risk of cardiovascular disease and decreased life expectancy. Low hGH
levels are associated with the aging process and early onset of disease.

The patent text also describes the major problem that has existed regarding
increasing hGH levels: "Until recently human growth hormone (hereinafter
alternatively referred to as hGH) was available only in expensive injectable
forms, and benefits from the restoration of hGH levels available only to those
with the ability to pay."

The patent then goes on to explain just what it is that makes the highly
specialized SeroVital compound so extraordinary:

Thus determination of an effective and safe oral functional blend that
stimulates hGH secretion in the general population is important to determine
since athletes, entertainers and now the general public seek effective hGH
support supplements and understand hGH to have rejuvenating properties.

Indeed once partial to athletes and entertainers, the desire for effective
supplements to provoke growth hormone (hGH) increases now extends to the general
public. Not only do they have a goal of building lean tissue and reducing fat,
but also in improving skin quality and other rejuvenating qualities that hGH is
understood to provide

The nutritional supplement is an amino acid-containing secretagogue composition,
which, taken orally, stimulates the pituitary gland to produce hGH The
supplement of the present invention works as a dietary supplement by assisting
the body's own ability to secrete hGH naturally in a manner which is safe and
effective, as well as being affordable.

It's no wonder everyone's talking about SeroVital-hgh. After all, anything that
has a chance of reducing body fat, increasing lean muscle mass, boosting mood,
heightening sex drive, getting rid of wrinkles, tightening saggy skin, and
giving you plenty of energy is at the very least irresistible.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              124 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                             August 20, 2004 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Use of bombs did not lower our respect for our veterans

BYLINE: Martin Brennan, The Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 203  words


Re: Diminished legacy, Aug. 17.

I found quite disturbing the suggestion by letter-writer Robin Collins that
somehow the legacy of the veterans who fought against the Axis is diminished by
the bombings of Hiroshima, Tokyo and Dresden.

There is no mention of several other events that preceded all the above by a few
years, such as the 1940-1941 bombings of London, Coventry, Bristol and
Liverpool, the rape of Nanking, the Burma Road and all sorts of other events
perpetrated by the Axis troops.

I was eight years old when the bombers came to Manchester and 11 by the time
they left us alone in 1944. 1941 was particularly bad, and many times we never
knew whether we'd see the morning. We did know that people were trying to kill
us, not just once but over and over again, day after day.

Under those circumstances, you don't worry much about the human rights of the
people trying to kill you. It was us or them and we wanted them all dead, and it
didn't matter much how it was done, ghastly as that may sound 60 years later.
Those are the horrors of war.

Thank God the veterans who fought the Axis were able to take care of things. We
owe them a huge debt, and they are not diminished one jot in my eyes.

Martin Brennan,

Ottawa

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              125 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                           February 11, 2010 Thursday

Adams: Not in Dubuque during robbery

BYLINE: COURTNEY BLANCHARD TH staff writer cblanchard@wcinet.com

SECTION: A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 328 words


The father and son accused in connection with the robbery and police shoot-out
at Knicker's Saloon in December have filed their defenses with the court - one
man claims he's innocent and the other claims diminished responsibility. Eddie
Chest, 71, and his son, Eddie Adams, 46, were arrested on charges of attempted
murder, first-degree robbery and illegal-weapon charges. On Dec.

3, two masked men entered Knicker's over the lunch hour and robbed the bar while
more than 12 people sat inside. Dubuque Police Lt. Scott Baxter confronted the
suspects outside, and police say Chest fired at the lieutenant. Baxter shot
back, and both men were wounded in the exchange of gunfire. In court documents,
Adams gave notice that he intends to use an alibi defense, saying he wasn't in
Dubuque during the robbery, but he was in Freeport, Ill., at a private
residence. Attempts to reach someone at the residence were unsuccessful. Police
located Adams nearly seven hours after the robbery at a Dubuque apartment
building, and police say he was trying to arrange a ride to Rockford, Ill. Court
filings state alibi witnesses are undetermined at this time. Chest filed a
defense of diminished responsibility, saying something prevented him from
forming a specific intent to commit a crime. A successful diminished
responsibility defense would compel the jury to convict the defendant of a
lesser charge or find him not guilty. Both men's attorneys have also filed
motions asking the judge to move the trial because media publicity may prevent
the court from finding an impartial jury. Adams requested the trial be moved to
a "large metropolitan area." Chest's attorney also asked the judge to throw out
evidence found in a car near the scene and statements Chest made while
recovering in the hospital. Those issues will go before a judge on March 24. The
trial was set to start Feb. 22. A new trial date has not been set. Attorneys for
Chest and Adams did not return a call for comment.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              126 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 24, 2004 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

An Accident Can Wreck A Car's Resale Value

BYLINE: Albert B. Crenshaw

SECTION: Financial; F01 , CASH FLOW Albert B. Crenshaw

LENGTH: 1449 words


Earlier this year Shawn Farley and his wife, Sabrina, realized a dream. They
bought a luxury car.

Both had grown up in families of modest means, and the $43,000 Lincoln LS was a
new and delightful experience for the Alexandria couple.

But last month, as Sabrina was crossing the 14th Street bridge early in the
morning on the way to her job in the District, another car crashed into the rear
passenger's side of the Lincoln, grinding along the side of the car, damaging
the sheet metal from back to front, both wheels and the suspension.

"It was not just a little fender-bender," Farley said recently.

The accident was not his wife's fault, he said, and the other driver was
ticketed by police. And Geico, which was the insurer for both cars, agreed to
repair the Lincoln.

But the Farleys are far from whole. In the era of full disclosure and Internet
tracking firms like Carfax, they have come to realize that their Lincoln will
now be forever a "wrecked" car.

When they seek to sell or trade it, they will have little choice but to disclose
the car's history, and when they do, they can expect bad news.

"We talked to three or four dealers," Farley said. "One said the car had lost at
least a quarter of its value." And $5,000 was the least amount of loss anyone
cited.

"There's a financial time bomb ticking in my car that will go off at point of
sale or trade," he said.

But when the Farleys put the question to Geico and to Virginia regulators, the
answer was the same: Under the laws and regulations of the commonwealth, and
indeed of most other states, "diminished value" of a vehicle resulting from an
accident is not covered by normal automobile insurance.

The issue is, however, a hot topic in the insurance industry. As cars have grown
more expensive, and tracking their histories has become easier, this kind of
loss has become much larger for car owners. That in turn has prompted more car
owners to seek compensation when their cars get banged up.

The result has been an explosion of lawsuits. The American Insurance
Association, a trade group, counts more than 60 decisions in the past five
years. Most have gone in favor of the insurers, but a few have not. In 2001, the
Supreme Court of Georgia found against State Farm in a class-action suit that
was later settled for about $250 million. And a similar suit is pending before
the high court in Indiana.

Insurers and most state regulators take the view that an insurance policy is a
contract, and the carrier is required to do only what that contract specifies.

"Our position is that a properly repaired vehicle does not usually lose value
just because it's been in an accident. A skilled repairman can restore a vehicle
to its pre-loss condition, which is what our contract calls for," said State
Farm spokesman Dick Luedke.

Experts in used-car values, while they agree about restoration being possible,
disagree about the loss of value.

"There is diminished value. It's something insurance companies don't like to
admit to," said Charlie Vogelheim, executive editor of the Kelley Blue Book, the
well-known used-car price guide.

But the amount of value lost "is a tough thing to get your arms around,"
Vogelheim added. "We've wrestled with it for years."

Some suggest that the cost of the repairs might be a good indication of the lost
value, but Vogelheim said that doesn't work because people view different
repairs differently. New seats or glass, he said, might be taken as an
improvement, but repairs to "door panels, frame or underpinnings bring up
serious considerations."

New luxury cars with damage to the underpinnings, such as suspension components,
are likely to suffer the most, he said, whereas with a six-year-old Ford pickup
a new fender might mean the paint doesn't exactly match but you got rid of six
years' worth of rust.

Mark Perleberg, an auto expert with NADAGuides.com, noted that from "a dealer
standpoint there's a need to be aware" of a car's history because "there could
be certain liabilities from a car that's been in an accident."

For instance, a type of car may have passed the government's crash test but "are
we sure that it [would] pass that same test when it's been repaired?" he said.

And the chances are today that a car's history can be discovered.

Firms like Virginia-based Carfax, which track down and sell vehicles' recorded
histories, are gaining wider and easier access to such data. For example, Carfax
noted that California has just enacted a law requiring disclosure of all police
accident reports, and the company "is working with the DMV and police in
California to develop computer systems to pull the data from their system to
ours," said Carfax spokesman Larry Gamache.

"We see ourselves as consumer advocates. What we are really pushing for is an
open exchange of information, so both buyers and sellers have access to the same
information," Gamache said. This is making it "increasingly difficult for a
seller of a used car to deceive a buyer," he added.

Insurers argue that even if even if they were to concede there is a loss of
value it is very hard to quantify, so what amount would they be insuring and how
would they price it? For example, if the owner doesn't sell the car for many
years, the loss of value from the accident in effect shrinks until it becomes
indistinguishable from the overall depreciation.

"The policy language that's used by most companies [now] is very clear. The
coverage is repair or replace the vehicle and does not include any other
economic issues," said David Snyder, vice president and assistant general
counsel of the American Insurance Association.

"If you added something like diminished value, insurance costs would skyrocket.
. . . You would have the same sort of unpredictability that you do for
litigation in personal injury cases. It adds a degree of unpredictability and
upward pressure [on prices] that doesn't now exist" in collision and related
coverages.

In Georgia, though, the state insurance commissioner, John W. Oxendine, said the
state Supreme Court decision "didn't have a huge, sweeping effect."

He said his agency figures that it has probably added less than 5 percent to the
amounts insurers are having to pay out. He said also that his department allows
carriers to offer a policy that excludes diminished value, but only if there is
a discount of 7 to 10 percent from the regular premium.

Oxendine noted, though, that the concept of diminished value has long been
recognized by the Georgia courts, and the recent decision mostly made it easier
for motorists to recover it.

"If Georgia didn't have diminished value before the [court decision], then I
think there would have been about a 10 percent increase in cost," he said.

Many state regulators, though, say it isn't covered.

"Insurance is a contract," said D.C. Insurance Commissioner Lawrence H. Mirel.
And that contract "says nothing about diminished value. There is no case law [on
the issue] in D.C., and we would uphold the contract."

"There is a concept in tort law of making people whole. That concept doesn't
apply in contract law," Mirel said. Those trying to obtain compensation for
diminished value are "importing into contract law something that doesn't have
any business being there."

Randi Johnson, Maryland's associate commissioner for property insurance, said
many policies in her state specifically exclude diminished-value claims from the
policyholder. That "cuts off the issue altogether" in single-car accidents, she
said.

Where someone else is at fault, the car owner can file a liability suit against
the other driver, but Johnson said "diminished value is difficult to prove in
Maryland. You'd have to put on expert testimony that value has decreased, and
that is almost impossible to do."

Likewise, in Virginia, according to the State Corporation Commission's Bureau of
Insurance, insurers "are not paying diminished-value claims to policyholders
because it is either excluded specifically in the coverage, or the language in
the collision coverage has been interpreted by the Virginia Supreme Court that
diminished value is not covered."

So does this mean that owners of new and/or expensive cars are riding around
with a potential loss that is not covered by insurance? "Absolutely," said
Johnson.

And that, said Shawn Farley, is something motorists ought to be aware of.

"I'm not free to trade my car in anymore" because "I can't afford, or can't
afford easily," to make up the difference, he said. "We are losing money at no
fault of our own. We are being stuck with the whole fundamental risk."

"I think people ought to know that there's this danger is out there," Farley
said. "You can be a victim just like we were."

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              127 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 2, 1979, Friday, Final Edition

Today: Sunny, High in Mid 30s

SECTION:  Metro; Weather; C2

LENGTH: 1410 words


Washington: Today -- Sunny with diminishing winds, high mid 30s, low around 20.
Chance of snow is near zero through tonight.  Winds will be from the northwest
at 15 to 20 mph.Saturday -- Increasing cloudiness, high in upper 30s.

Maryland and Virginia: Today -- Sunny with diminishing winds, highs from mid to
upper 30s, lows near 20.  Saturday -- Increasing cloudiness, highs from mid to
upper 30s.

West Virginia: Today -- Partly sunny with chance of snow by late evening to the
south, highs from low 20s to low 30, lows in the teens.  Saturday -- Occasional
snow, highs from mid 2/s to mid 30s.

Extended Area Forecast for Sunday through Tuesday -- Very cold during the period
with a chance of snow on Sunday, fair on Monday and Tuesday.  Highs will be in
the low to mid 20s, lows in the low teens.

Lower Potomac and Chesapeake Bay: Today -- Fair with diminishing winds.
Visibility will be good.  Winds will be from the northwest at 12 to 20 knots.
Waves will subside to between 1 and 2 feet.

The Nation Yesterday: Snow diminished over the Southwest and the Rockies
yesterday afternoon.  Other precipitation in the Southwest included a few
showers and isolated thundershowers over southern California and southern
Arizona.  Gusty winds and snow plagued much of the Northeast during the
afternoon, but by evening the area of snow diminished and reached from
northwestern New England over the upper Ohio Valley into West Virginia.  By
evening snow squalls continued near the Great Lakes inwestern New York.  Both
Rochester and Buffalo had snow increasing an inch an hour.  There were scattered
areas of light snow over parts of upper Michigan, South Dakota, Minnesota and
lowa.  The gusty winds over the northeast diminished.  It was a very cold day
for the beginning of the 2nd month of 1979.  Afternoon temperatures were just
above or below zero mark from North Dakota across Montana.  It was not warm
anywhere with temperatures just above the freezing mark reaching as far as the
northern portions of the Gulf Coast states.

The National Weather Forecast for Today -- Snow will fall across the Rockies and
the south and central intermountain region.  Snow will also reach from the upper
Great Lakes region and the northern half of the Mississippi Valley across the
lower Ohio Valley.  Snow fulrries will continue from northern New England and
through western New York with local snow squalls near the Great Lakes.  South
Texas will have rain and drizzle.  Elsewhere, except for sunny or fair skies
over the South and Mid Atlantic Coast states, skies will be cloudy or partly
cloudy.  It will be very cold across the northern half of both the Rockies and
the Great Plains and the Middle Mississippi and the Ohio Valley.  The remainder
of the nation will be cold.

Almanac Data for today: The sun rises 7:14 a.m., sets 5:31 p.m.; the moon rises
10:39 a.m., sets 11:57 p.m. Tides: high 11:55 a.m., low 6:32 a.m and 7:09 pm
High and low tides at the following locations may be obtained by subtracting the
hours indicated from the hours above: Annapolis (3 1/4), Bloody Point Lighthouse
(4 1/2), Deale, Md. (4 1/2), Colonial Beach (5 1/2), Solomons Island (6 1/4),
Point Lookout (7).

The Council of Governments' Air Quality Index for yesterday showed the high
reading in the Washington area duriing the 3 p.m. period was 26 for the
pollutant, Photochemical Oxidants.  Index values between 25 and 49 indicate fair
air quality.  When the index exceeds 100 the air is considered very unhealthy
and individuals with lung, heart and eye ailments are urged to restrict their
activity.  The forecast for today indicates that the air quality will improve.

The National Weather Service forecasts the Potomac River Stage at Little Falls
should fall to 4.5 feet today.

Washington data for yesterday: Highest temperature since midnight yesterday, 35
degrees at 2:45 p.m. Lowest temperature since midnight, 27 degrees at 7:59 p.m.
Deficiency of temperature since Feb. 1, 4 degrees.  Deficiency of temperature
since Jan. 1, 11 degrees.  Record high temperature for today, 71 degrees in
1967.  Record low temperature for today, 02 degrees in 1904.  Relative humidity:
maximum, 51 percent at 4:00 a.m.; minimum, 35 percent at 3:00 p.m. 24 hour
precipitation, 00 inches.  Deficiency of precipitation since Feb. 1,.08 inches.
Excess of precipitation since Jan. 1, 3.94 inches.  Highest observed wind since
7 a.m., 36 miles per hour from the northwest at 11:00 a.m. Peak gust since 7
a.m., 53 miles per hour from the northwest at 9:14 a.m.
Local Temp., Humidity
                                  Time                                  T.  H.
12 midnite                                                               32  47
1 a.m.                                                                   32  49
2 a.m.                                                                   32  49
3 a.m.                                                                   32  49
4 a.m.                                                                   33  35
5 a.m.                                                                   30  47
6 a.m.                                                                   28  46
7 a.m.                                                                   28  46
8 a.m.                                                                   30  43
9 a.m.                                                                   30  45
10 a.m.                                                                  32  40
11 a.m.                                                                  32  40
12 noon                                                                  32  38
1 p.m.                                                                   33  36
2 p.m.                                                                   32  36
3 p.m.                                                                   33  35
4 p.m.                                                                   33  35
5 p.m.                                                                   32  36
6 p.m.                                                                   29  41
7 p.m.                                                                   28  42

Temperatures ending 7 p.m. (EST) yesterday:
                                 City                                  L.   H.
Albany                                                                  11   16
Albuquerque                                                             18   49
Amarillo                                                                17   53
Anchorage                                                               25   27
Asheville                                                               14   26
Atlanta                                                                 17   35
Atlantic City                                                           26   32
Austin                                                                  28   43
Baltimore                                                             26$'
                                                                        33
Billings                                                               -30   00
Birmingham                                                              16   35
Bismark                                                                -30   00
Boise                                                                   04   16
Boston                                                                  23   30
Brownsville                                                             46   66
Buffalo                                                                 13   18
Burlington                                                              00   20
Casper                                                                  00   20
Charleston, S.C.                                                        28   44
Char'ton, W.V.                                                          14   23
Charlotte                                                               13   39
Chlyenne                                                                07   35
Chicago                                                                 03   18
Cincinnati                                                              06   20
Cleveland                                                               15   22
Columbia                                                                26   49
Columbus                                                                09   20
Dal.-Ft. Worth                                                          20   41
Dayton                                                                  08   18
Denver                                                                 -03   39
Des Moines                                                             -14   09
Detroit                                                                 12   24
Duluth                                                                  02   13
El Paso                                                                 24   55
Fairbanks                                                              -23  -02
Fargo                                                                  -16   01
Flagstaff                                                               21   26
Great Falls                                                            -06   02
Hartford                                                                16  -20
Helena                                                                 -14   06
Honolulu                                                                80   65
Houston                                                                 32   42
Indianapolis                                                           -04   15
Jackson, Miss.                                                          20   38
Jacksonville                                                            30   49
Juneau                                                                  17   28
Kansas City                                                            -12   18
Las Vegas                                                               29   46
Little Rock                                                             12   29
Los Angeles                                                             44   56
Louisville                                                              07   22
Memphis                                                                 16   32
Miami Beach                                                             42   60
Midlnd.-Odessa                                                          20   51
Milwaukee                                                               10   19
Mpls.-St. Paul                                                         -09   10
Nashville                                                               09   28
New Orleans                                                             31   43
New York                                                                23   30
Norfolk                                                                 26   39
North Platte                                                           -19   06
Oklahoma City                                                           09   35
Omaha                                                                  -11   11
Orlando                                                                 33   55
Philadelphia                                                            23   29
Phoenix                                                                 46   61
Pittsburgh                                                              14   19
Po'tland, Maine                                                         25   31
Portland, Ore.                                                          19   33
Providence                                                              19   25
Raleigh                                                                 22   42
Rapid City                                                             -09   06
Reno                                                                    19   35
Richmond                                                                25   40
St. Louis                                                              -04   17
St. Prbg.-Ta'pa                                                         37   53
Salt Lake City                                                          10   25
San Antonio                                                             29   45
San Diego                                                               49   59
San Francisco                                                           43   52
San Juan                                                                71   86
St. Ste. Marie                                                          03   15
Seattle                                                                 25   40
Shreveport                                                              22   42
Sioux Falls                                                            -26   07
Spokane                                                                -13   03
Syracuse                                                                12   16
Topeka                                                                 -23   20
Tucson                                                                  47   60
Tulsa                                                                  -07   29
Washingto                                                               28   35
Wichita                                                                -07   27

Temperatures Abroad Yesterday
                        City                         Weather    time     temp.
Aberdeen                                             Clear,h1        32
                                                         p.m.
Amsterdam                                                Rain    1 p.m.      36
Ankara                                                   Rain    3 p.m.      39
Athens                                               pt. cldy    2 p.m.      55
Auckland                                             pt. cldy  midnight      64
Berlin                                                 cloudy    1 p.m.      37
Birmingham                                               rain    1 p.m.      37
Bonn                                                   cloudy    1 p.m.      37
Brussels                                               cloudy    1 p.m.      36
Casablanca                                           pt. cldy      noon      68
Copenhagen                                               rain    1 p.m.      34
Dublin                                                   rain    1 p.m.      37
Geneva                                               pt. cldy    1 p.m.      30
Hong Kong                                             p. cldy    8 p.m.      54
Jerusalem                                              cloudy    2 p.m.      61
Lisbon                                                   rain      noon      59
London                                                   rain    1 p.m.      43
Madrid                                                 cloudy    1 p.m.      41
Malta                                                pt. cldy    1 p.m.      59
Manila                                                  clear    8 p.m.      81
Moscow                                                 cloudy    3 p.m.      27
New Delhi                                               clear    5 p.m.      64
Nice                                                   cloudy    1 p.m.      54
Oslo                                                     snow    1 p.m.      18
Paris                                                    rain    1 p.m.      36
Peking                                               pt. cldy    8 p.m.      16
Rome                                                 pt. cldy    1 p.m.      55
Saigon                                               pt. cldy    8 p.m.      82
Sofia                                                   clear    2 p.m.      37
Stockholm                                               clear    1 p.m.      19
Sydney                                                  clear   10 p.m.      75
Tokyo                                                   clear    9 p.m.      54
Tunis                                                pt. cldy    1 p.m.      57
Vienna                                                  clear    1 p.m.      43
Warsaw                                                   snow    1 p.m.      34

Temperatures (Western Hemisphere)
                          City                            Weather   High   Low
Acapulco                                                     clear     86    72
Barbados                                                  pt. cldy     82    70
Bermuda                                                       rain     69    61
Bogota                                                    pt. cldy     66    43
Calgary                                                       snow     07   -22
Culiacan                                                    cloudy     75    55
Edmonton                                                     clear     05   -27
Havana                                                    pt. cldy     82    64
Kingston                                                     clear     88    73
Montego Bay                                               pt. cldy     84    72
Mexico City                                                   haxe     77    45
Monterrey                                                     haze     48    41
Montreal                                                      snow     19    10
Nassau                                                    pt. cldy     75    63
Regina                                                        snow    -02   -17
St. Kitts                                                     fair     85    70
Toronto                                                       snow     21    12
Veracruz                                                    cloudy     70    61
Winnipeg                                                      snow     00   -15

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Map, no caption

                       Copyright 1979 The Washington Post


                              128 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday

USPTO Published Patent application of QUALCOMM Incorporated titled as "METHODS
AND APPARATUSES FOR LOCATION-TRIGGERED SENSOR INITIALIZATION"

LENGTH: 228  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140288820, published on September 25, 2014, by QUALCOMM Incorporated, titled
as "METHODS AND APPARATUSES FOR LOCATION-TRIGGERED SENSOR INITIALIZATION" for
the registration of patent.

Inventors:  OPSHAUG; Guttorm R.; (Redwood City, CA) ; KUSHWAHA; Manish; (San
Jose, CA) ; RILEY; Wyatt Thomas; (Chesterbrook, PA) ; BIACS; Zoltan F.; (San
Matteo, CA) ; SHAH; Mayur N.; (Millcreek, WA) ; CZOMPO; Joseph; (San Jose, CA)
Assignee:  QUALCOMM Incorporated
San Diego
CA

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Methods, apparatuses, and devices for generating one or more harsh or
diminished radiofrequency environments relative to a planned route of a mobile
device user. In one example, a mobile device user a be routed through a harsh or
diminished radiofrequency environment based, at least in part, on a sensor suite
of a mobile device and/or based on a user's preferences. Prior to entry into
such an environment, various sensors may be activated in a manner that permits
position estimation in an absence of SPS based positioning signals and/or TPS
based positioning signals."

The Patent was filed on November 5, 2013 under application No. 20140288820

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              129 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                           October 12, 2011 Wednesday
                                 Final EDITION

SECTION: A; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 561  words


An error diminished the proud moment

Your recent article with the headline, "NC State University-New Ph.D. Gets Final
Approval," erroneously attributed an accomplishment made by North Carolina
Central University (NCCU) to our neighboring university.

I am asking that you remedy your mistake by reprinting the article in its
entirety under the correct headline and in the same position in the paper at
which the incorrect headline appeared. The headline error diminished a proud
moment in NCCU history ? the establishment of a program that will conduct
research that will benefit NCCU, the UNC system, the state and the nation.

Our team of NCCU scientists, professors and administrators worked extremely hard
to bring this project to fruition. NCCU's chancellor, alumni and supporters have
anticipated the establishment of the program. We all eagerly awaited The
Herald-Sun's article exposing its readership to the outstanding regional and
national difference that NCCU will be making by addressing health disparities.

Imagine, then, our utter shock, dismay and disappointment when we picked up your
paper and saw a headline crediting another institution with our accomplishment.
A reader doing a cursory glance of the paper would have seen that headline and
inaccurately concluded that the new program was at N.C. State.

While we do foresee collaborating with N.C. State and other UNC institutions in
the future when we fully implement the program, The Herald-Sun must fairly
convey to your readers that the Board of Governors entrusted and empowered NCCU
with fulfilling this important mission, and that NCCU accepts the challenge.

Chanta Haywood,

Raleigh

Let's save Hillandale Golf Course

Thank you, Ward Clayton, for a great article on Hillandale Golf Course in
Tuesday's paper. I also support the city in saving Hillandale Golf Course!

I began playing golf 60 years ago at Hillandale, as have most of the golfers in
Durham. It is a true icon for Durham and has been played by over a million
people in its time. What a great place to play and meet people and enjoy a sport
that brings people together in harmony.

Zack Veasey has done a tremendous job in managing Hillandale, as did Luke Veasey
before him, Monk Jones before him, Doc Green before him, etc. Hillandale is a
very special place and I encourage the city to accept Hillandale from SunTrust,
lease it on a long-term contract to someone who is willing to invest the money
needed to bring it up to current standards, and let's keep it for the golfers of
Durham who have enjoyed it for the past 100 years.

Hillandale began in 1911 and has always been a special place. It hosts numerous
tournaments, including The Herald-Sun Golf Tournament, that has been played for
over 65 or 70 years, other major championships and many fundraising tournaments.

It is probably the most well known golf course in the entire state of North
Carolina. Most importantly, it won't cost the taxpayers any money as it can be
self-sufficient with a long-term lease for management.

I would also encourage the mayor, cty manager and all the City Council members
to take the time to go to Hillandale, walk around and view the beauty of
Hillandale and the excitement of the people playing. What a great investment by
the city for the citizens of Durham.

It's a much better investment than a trail that most people won't ever use.

"Dink" Andrews

Durham

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              130 of 997 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                            October 29, 2010 Friday
                                National Edition

Brawn, broads&booze; Boardwalk Empire turns up the drama

BYLINE: Robert Cushman, National Post

SECTION: POST MOVIES; Robert Cushman On Television; Pg. PM9

LENGTH: 1034  words


'You should have seen the Atlantic Ocean in the old days."

Burt Lancaster, delivering one of my favourite lines from one of my favourite
films, Atlantic City, directed by Louis Malle and written by John Guare.
Boardwalk Empire shows us the Atlantic Ocean, and the slice of New Jersey
adjoining it, as it was in the old days of the 1920s: Prohibition days, which
were at least some of the days that Lancaster's character, an ex-gangster, would
have been referring to. And the ocean does indeed look good, as does the city:
good and bad perhaps. Boardwalk Empire itself looked, in anticipation, almost
too good.

It's a lavish, teeming, near mythic period setting that television has left
almost untouched since the 1960s, which gave us an entertaining but generic
music-drama series called, inevitably, The Roaring Twenties. Booze and jazz and
some very famous gangsters. Terence Winter, of The Sopranos, as head writer,
Steve Buscemi in the leading role, and Martin Scorsese as executive producer and
even as director. He did in fact direct the pilot, which in its expansiveness
and its expensiveness was like a scaled down Scorsese movie. The lavishness has
persisted in subsequent episodes, though the breathtaking visual style has
diminished; the last we saw of it was in a panoramic descending shot of a
mobster's funeral at the start of Episode 2. But if the spectacle has diminished
, the drama has sharpened.

Winter's writing in the first episode was surprisingly flat-footed and
over-explicit, perhaps due to the necessity of establishing everybody. A
racketeers' summit, Atlantic City hosting delegates from New York and Chicago,
had the participants making, in Max Beerbohm's phrase, "remarks highly
characteristic of themselves," and still didn't manage to clarify who was who
and what they wanted. A climactic shootout was confusing at its beginning,
intentionally, and at its end, probably not. Later scripts have seldom reached a
Sopranos level of wit and complexity (or that of Mad Men or Deadwood or The
Wire) but they have become increasingly compelling.

Everything turned around on St. Patrick's Day. Buscemi's character, Nucky
Thompson, is the treasurer of Atlantic City, and at the centre of every
money-making operation in town. He's also Irish-American, and Episode 5 of a
12-week season (we're currently at the exact halfway mark) showed him partying
with his compatriots, or at least with the rich and powerful among them.

It isn't a task he relishes -- neither sentiment nor patriotism are high among
his priorities -- but he knows what has to be done and he's very good at doing
it. The show paints a broad canvas, but it also knows that one of the benefits
of spaciousness is that you don't have to include all the elements every time.

So it lingered on the celebratory banquet, the booze and the blarney freely
flowing, followed by fisticuffs, and all topped off with a raid by the Feds,
itself the culmination of another carefully developed plot thread.

Meanwhile in Chicago, Nucky's former protege Jimmy Darmody (Michael Pitt) was
taking playful knocks about his own Irish ancestry from his new Italian buddy,
the still up-and-coming Al Capone. Capone's boss was engaged in turf warfare
with Chicago's own Irish gang, who celebrated less playfully by cutting up the
face of Jimmy's prostitute girlfriend, who subsequently shot herself. Which led
in Episode 6 to a bloody coup by the Italians, mastermindedbyJimmywhose
backgroundincludesPrinceton, for brains, and the First World War, for killing.
He told Nucky early on that he'd been deadened inside by the things he'd seen in
France, which struck me as unpersuasively self-conscious writing. But Jimmy, and
Pitt's performance, are coming on, no question.

Buscemi is fascinating, though as anti-heroes go, he may be too little anti and
too much hero. We hear about him doing terrible things, but what we actually see
is him being clever, charming and racially unprejudiced. He had two great lines
in the first episode, both impeccably delivered. One, to an underling who failed
to understand "A rose by any other name," was "Read a f--king book;" the other,
to a lady who'd promised to name her own son Enoch, was, "You couldn't be so
cruel." The lady, who has read plenty of books, is Margaret (Kelly Macdonald), a
first-generation Irish immigrant and temperance advocate, who's a political
challenge to Nucky and also an erotic one. She's the most compelling character
on the show, and theirs is the relationship that ultimately drives it. They
sealed their deal at the close of St. Patrick's Day, rounding off that episode
very satisfyingly but still leaving plenty of room for complications. One of
them is Lucy, Nucky's resident mistress, who throws her body at him like a
weapon, which he finds exhausting but hard to resist. More nookie for Nucky.

Margaret is also a lust object for Van Halen (Michael Shannon), the prohibition
enforcer whose zeal for his job approaches mania, some of it homicidal. Equally
powerful are Michael Stuhlbarg's implacable New York boss Arnold Rothstein and
Stephen Graham's Capone, deglamourized as a brutally cocky punk but also
humanized as the father of a deaf son.

There's more, including a team of midget boxers; the show is spinning enough
plates, and skillfully enough, to ensure a second season. It makes a pair with
Treme, this year's other entry in the HBO major series stakes: both about
real-life mythical cities, Treme stronger on texture, Boardwalk on narrative
drive, and neither as yet combining those qualities in the way of cable's very
best.

Both shows, however, surpass all the competition in their music. Boardwalk's
score, mixing new and vintage performances, is supervised by a musician, Vince
Giordano, who really knows this stuff. One very impressive point: The show
begins in 1920, the year the U.S. went dry, and all the songs heard on the
soundtrack or in the action were written in that year or earlier, no cheating.
There's been one lapse: Last week's episode included A Good Man Is Hard to Find,
which my reference books date in 1927. Thematically, though, it could hardly be
more appropriate.

- Boardwalk Empire airs Sundays at 9 p.m. on HBO Canada.

rcushman01@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White
Photo: Hbo Canada; Steve Buscemi, as  Boardwalk Empire's anti-hero, is
fascinating, even though he is  never shown doing anything particularly
terrible.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              131 of 997 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                            November 6, 2006 Monday
                                Toronto Edition

Zen Master Jackson has Lakers in the zone: 3-0 to start the season: Soft-love
approach working on stars, role players

BYLINE: Bruce Arthur, National Post

SECTION: SPORTS MONDAY; The Basketball Notebook; Pg. S7

LENGTH: 925  words


Red Auerbach never liked Phil Jackson. The grand old Celtic needled Jackson from
afar, diminishing Jackson's nine titles -- equal only to Auerbach's own -- and
denigrating his record. As Auerbach said of Jackson, who coached Michael Jordan
and then Shaquille O'Neal and Kobe Bryant, the coach "picked his spots."

Well, the job that Jackson has done since returning to a diminished Los Angeles
team has, if anything, diminished that charge. The Lakers were coming off a
34-48 season after losing Shaquille O'Neal, but with Jackson at the helm, went
45-37 last year with unproven players in major roles -- hello, Smush Parker --
and nearly toppled Phoenix in the playoffs. This season, the Lake Show has burst
out to a 3-0 start while averaging 114 points per game, going into last night's
matchup at Seattle.

And in two of those games, the Lakers did not have Kobe Bryant.

"We're a deep team," forward Luke Walton told the Los Angeles Times. "We've got
a lot of people that can play basketball ... every night it's going to be
someone different coming off the bench. We've got so many guys capable of
putting up huge numbers."

Few expected it, but Walton appears to be right. In the season-opening upset of
Phoenix, second-year centre Andrew Bynum, who turned 19 on Oct. 27, had 19
points, 11 rebounds, and five assists in just 24 minutes. In a win over Golden
State, forward Ronny Turiaf, the 2005 second-round pick who underwent heart
surgery last year, contributed 23 points and nine rebounds. In beating Seattle,
Walton had 20 points, eight rebounds and five assists, and Bryant smoothly
inserted himself back into the lineup after recovering from off-season knee
surgery.

But the man who has held this team together is multifaceted forward Lamar Odom,
who is averaging a team-leading 28.0 points, 8.7 rebounds, 7.0 assists, and .540
shooting in the three games. Odom's 61/2-month-old son, Jayden, died in his crib
over the summer. The death devastated Odom, who now writes Baby J on his
sneakers, alongside the name of his deceased mother and grandmother.

"There have been times where I feel like the weight of the world is on my back,"
Odom told the Times. "There's been times when I've been broken down to one knee.
But I always feel like I'm going to overcome that."

Odom has always been a bundle of talent, but one whose focus was questionable
(the Vancouver Grizzlies passed on Odom in the 1999 draft, even after he
expressed interest in coming to Canada. Instead, the Grizzlies took Steve
Francis). Now, Odom's talent -- and focus -- is coming into full bloom.

Behind all this is Jackson, who has adopted a soft-love approach to many of his
young, sensitive players, especially Odom. The Lakers may not be a contender by
season's end in the brutal West, but isn't it funny how stars and role players
alike tend to play their best basketball under the Zen Master?

Steve Nash was recently asked if he was capable of winning a third consecutive
MVP award, and the kid from Victoria shot back, "Absolutely not." Well, he might
be right, through little fault of his own.

Phoenix is 1-3 after winning a combined 116 games the past two seasons. Amare
Stoudemire is averaging just 7.0 points and 2.8 rebounds per game in 16.0
minutes off the bench after microfracture surgery, and integral players like
Raja Bell (just 9.8 points per game) and Boris Diaw (9.8 points and just 1.5
assists after arriving overweight) have been bad as well. The Suns are being
out-rebounded by 12 boards per game, and the defence is allowing 110 points a
night.

So, of course, the Suns signed former Raptor -- and Nugget, and Pacer, and
Knick, and Bull -- Jalen Rose, who was waived by New York after coming in
overweight. Rose reportedly received US$14.5-million of his US$16.9-million
salary, and despite not being a runner, or a catch-and-shoot artist, will try to
repeat Tim Thomas's career resurrection with the Suns last season.

One thing, though. As The Arizona Republic noted, Rose resigned from The Best
Damn Sports Show Period at the end of his coverage of last year's playoffs,
telling host John Salley, "I'm going to be busy [in the 2007 playoffs]. You're
going to be working next year." Since Rose was with the Knicks at the time, one
can only assume that the locker-room lawyer's career is going exactly as
planned.

- It's Early, Part I: In the West, last season's top four playoff seeds -- San
Antonio, Phoenix, Dallas and Denver -- started a combined 2-8.

- It's Early, Part II: Portland, which won a league-worst 21 games last season,
is already 2-1, winning in Seattle and against Minnesota. Of course, the Blazers
started 3-3 last season, then went 18-58 the rest of the way.

- It's Early, Part III: Grant Hill, averaging 19.3 points on .621 shooting, has
not been hurt, and has been Orlando's most consistent player.

- Terrible, terrible injury watch: Portland centre Joel Przybilla is expected to
miss a week with a lower abdominal bruise -- after being hit in the groin.

Quote of the week: "Troy Murphy was just terrible ... maybe I should have
anticipated that. [Mike] Dunleavy was a disaster -- didn't rebound, didn't
guard, didn't do anything. Baron Davis, as much as he tried to do some things,
was a negative. He pounded the ball too much ... I didn't know where to go. It
was one of the first times in my coaching career I just didn't know what to do.
I didn't know what play call to make. I didn't know what lineup to make.
Whatever I did, whatever I tried was just wrong." -- Don Nelson, after his first
game coaching Golden State.

barthur@nationalpost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White
Photo: Lucy Nicholson, Reuters; Both Luke Walton, left, and Ronny Turiaf have
enabled the Lakers to start the season right, making major contributions on
offence when Kobe Byrant was out of the lineup.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2006 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              132 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            August 28, 2010 Saturday

Vermont in Brief

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 464 words


Saturday August 28, 2010

Supreme Court rejects
school shooter appeal

MONTPELIER (AP) -- The Vermont Supreme Court is upholding the conviction and
three life sentences of a former Essex man convicted of killing two people and
wounding two others in a 2006 shooting spree.

The attorneys for 31-year-old Christopher Williams had argued statements
Williams made to an officer in the hospital after the Aug. 24 shootings in a
home and school were tainted and should not have been used in court. He also
argued a judge should have allowed the jury to consider whether Williams  mental
capacity was diminished at the time of the shootings, his arrest and
questioning.

But the Supreme Court ruled Williams  was aware of his actions when he spoke
with police and his attorneys did not offer a credible diminished capacity
defense.

Progressive Party nominee declines nomination

MONTPELIER (AP) -- The Vermont Progressive Party s gubernatorial candidate says
she won t run and instead wants to focus on defeating the GOP nominee. Martha
Abbott, of Underhill, who won the nomination in Tuesday s primary election, said
Friday that Progressives have decided not to run in the general election
campaign for governor this year. Instead, she says, they ll work to defeat
Republican nominee Brian Dubie without endorsing or supporting the Democratic
candidate in the race. Abbott says that a Progressive Party candidate in the
race might improve Dubie s chances of victory.

Vt. to get $5.7 million for smart meters

MONTPELIER (AP) -- The state of Vermont is getting $5.7 million in federal aid
to help homeowners use smart meters and install new solar hot water
technologies.

Smart meters are digital electricity meters that use real-time communication to
help utilities be more efficient dealing with outages and demand.

Vermont s congressional delegation announced Thursday that the nonprofit Vermont
Energy Investment Corp., which operates Efficiency Vermont, will administer a
$700,000 project to complement smart grid technology to install energy use
monitors for 750 low-income households.

Vt. closes wait list for subsidized housing

MONTPELIER (AP) -- Many public housing organizations across Vermont have closed
waiting lists for people seeking subsidized housing. Now the Vermont State
Housing Authority is planning to close its waiting list for Section 8 vouchers
at the end of next month.

State Housing Authority Executive Director Richard Williams said he expects the
waiting list to grow from 3,200 now to about 4,000 by Sept. 30.

Officials say requests for subsidized housing have increased since the economy
soured and changes in eligibility.

Kevin Loso of the of the Rutland Housing Authority says the waiting list now is
about three years. They ll consider reopening the list when the wait is two
years.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              133 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             October 5, 2008 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Celtics Wearing the Banner of Unity

BYLINE: By WILLIAM C. RHODEN.

E-mail: wcr@nytimes.com

SECTION: Section SP; Column 0; Sports Desk; SPORTS OF THE TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 833 words

DATELINE: Newport, R.I.


The Boston Celtics opened camp at Salve Regina University last week, a little
more than three months after winning the franchise's first championship in two
decades.

The 6-foot-11 Kevin Garnett, one of the greatest all-around players in N.B.A.
history, set the tone for the season in  brief remarks to the team. He cautioned
that this season would be infinitely more challenging than the last one, that
every game would be harder, more intense.

Garnett also reminded the team of ubuntu, a South African concept introduced by
Coach Doc Rivers last season to underline the importance of selflessness, unity
and teamwork: When the team is elevated, the individual is elevated; when the
team is diminished, the individual is diminished.

''Kevin said:  'Hey, you guys. This is a different journey, but ubuntu never
leaves the way we play,' ''  Rivers recalled. ''I couldn't have summed that up
better.''

Garnett and Ray Allen, perennial All-Stars, joined Paul Pierce on the Celtics
last season to form the so-called Big Three. Rivers knew that the only way three
superstars could flourish was if they embraced the essence of ubuntu.

''A person is a person through another person,'' Rivers said. ''I can't be all I
can be unless you are all you can be.''

We like to write sports articles about teams with less talent defeating the more
talented team because of grit and superior teamwork. In an era of ferocious
individualism, the Celtics are an example of great individual talent yielding to
the team concept.

Before practice on Thursday morning, Rivers asked the rookie Bill Walker to read
a passage about unity. The theme was: the strength of a team is its players; the
strength of the player is the team.

''You can't do it by yourself,'' Rivers said. ''Individuals don't win, teams
win.''

As Rivers spoke about team and unity, I thought about a brief but poignant visit
to the Knicks' camp two days earlier. That trip underlined the necessity of
quality leadership and the perils for teams -- and franchises  -- that fail to
develop it. The atmosphere at Celtics camp was a sharp departure from the mood
in Saratoga Springs, N.Y., where the Knicks opened camp at Skidmore College.

While the Celtics' best player was talking to his teammates about maintaining an
''all for one and one for all'' mentality, the Knicks' best player, Stephon
Marbury, was embroiled in a controversy that had nothing to do with winning or
losing. Would  Marbury stay or would he go? Was he the cure or was he the
problem?

Contemporary millionaire athletes walk a difficult line between the love of the
game and the business of the game. This creates constant tension to avoid the
love being used against them and the business making them cynical.

The Celtics have a clear view of a second straight championship because the best
player is also one of the team leaders.

I asked Rivers if he saw hope for the Knicks. Ever.

''Absolutely,'' he said. ''I was a part of it when the Knicks were good. I was
there. There was no better feeling as a player than playing in that city when
you're winning. It was a phenomenal feeling, with that whole  'Go New York, go
New York, go.' The city was going nuts. That will return. I don't know  what
day, what year, but it's going to return.''

Rivers spent two-plus seasons with the Knicks and came close to a championship.
He was part of the 1992-93 team that lost to the Chicago Bulls in the Eastern
Conference finals and the 1993-94 team that lost to the Houston Rockets in the
N.B.A. finals. He never won a championship in 13 seasons as an N.B.A. player,
and began to wonder if he would ever win one as a coach. Rivers remembered being
serenaded by chants of ''Fire Doc!'' two seasons ago -- during a loss against
the Knicks in Boston.

What made the championship so sweet was the hard road it took to get there.
Walking that road required Rivers, Pierce, Garnett and Allen to move out of
their comfort zones and accommodate one another.

''There's an amazing amount of hurt that goes with that,'' Rivers said. ''The
only way you're going to win is that you've got to open yourself up to hurt.
You've got to open yourself up and go for it. You may have to pass more, you may
have to set an extra pick, you may have to dive on the floor for a loose ball.''

The team has no new phrase or slogan this season. The Celtics' motivation comes
from the city itself. The Boston area has become a nominal Titletown. The Red
Sox are the defending World Series champions; the Patriots were undefeated
before losing to the Giants in the Super Bowl.

Rivers's team is competing against the N.B.A. and the franchise's legacy. The
Celtics have won 17 championships, including eight straight from 1959 to 1966.

''We're one of many banners,'' Rivers reminded his players.

That theme again:  one of many.

Rivers's concept of ubuntu is a beacon for all players -- from Stephon Marbury
to Kevin Garnett: putting ego aside, putting team first.

Sounds old-school, but it works.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Celtics Coach Doc Rivers, center, with the rookie J. R. Giddens,
left, and Kevin Garnett at camp. (PHOTOGRAPH BY CHARLES KRUPA/ASSOCIATED
PRESS)(SP12)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                              134 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            November 28, 1993 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

LACHEMANN'S SUGGESTION GETS SANTIAGO OFF HIS KNEES

BYLINE: VICTOR LEE

SECTION: SPORTS; BASEBALL; Pg. 8C

LENGTH: 927 words


The novelty of Benito Santiago throwing from his knees has worn off with its
ineffectiveness, and now the former All-Star catcher is considering giving it
up.

Santiago's agent, Scott Boras, confirmed recently that Santiago is working to
revamp his deteriorated defensive game and that includes diminished use of his
Herculean throwing technique.

``He's working already on his throwing mechanics,'' Boras said. ``That includes
throwing from his knees much more rarely. He will use more traditional throwing
mechanics.''

Santiago is the only man in baseball consistently capable of throwing out a
runner without leaving his knees. But for all its uniqueness, Santiago is
recognizing the obvious: its effectiveness has radically diminished.

Santiago began throwing from his knees in his second major league season, 1988.
He threw out an amazing 65 percent of runners that way. His percentages from the
knees, respectively, since: 53, 38, 42, 26 and approximately 25 in '93 (the
Marlins have yet to break down the tape). Santiago's overall runners-caught
percentage also has dropped. The change came from a talk with Marlins manager
Rene Lachemann.

``They had a very specific conversation,'' Boras said. ``The data revealed that
he's thrown out more the last couple of years by standing and throwing. Plus,
it's less stressful on his arm.''

Lachemann says Santiago won't be prohibited from throwing from his knees, but
that it is likely to happen less often. The former catcher said Santiago's
defense is his ``number one priority'' in spring training.

Boras said Lachemann is the first manager or coach to try to make changes with
Santiago.

``He said Benny could improve a great deal, and Benny has taken that as a
positive,'' Boras said. ``Before he's been left alone. But he and Rene have a
very nice relationship. Some real understandings were made, and at the end of
the year there was a very definite statement of aspects of Benny's game he'd
like to see improved. Benny took it well and said, `That would help me.' ''

Santiago made $3.4 million last season and threw out only 28.8 percent of base
runners overall. With a $3.8 million salary this year and the organization
somewhat embarrassed at having paid so much for so little, Santiago's carte
blanche with the club is gone. Expect a hard-working Santiago this spring and
look for the throws from the knees almost exclusively on pickoff attempts.

MARLINS UPDATE: The odds of the Marlins re-signing free-agent shortstop Walt
Weiss have risen slightly since. Weiss rejected a three-year, $5.6 million offer
in order to test the free-agent market. Weiss expected interest from the Mets,
Boston, Philadelphia, Toronto and Texas. The Mets and Rangers have said they're
not interested. Kevin Stocker's emergence in Philadelphia negated any interest
there. Toronto is going with one of two prospects. That leaves just Boston, and
Weiss had much rather be in Florida. Even Weiss' agent, Jim Bronner, admits
there has been little interest.

The Marlins may not offer Weiss as much money now that interest is limited, and
they won't re-sign him until they've finished exploring at least one other trade
possibility they think would bring an equal shortstop. . . .

Luis Aquino almost certainly won't be a Marlin next season. Aquino, 6-8 with a
3.42 ERA, doesn't have the endurance to be a starter and is less effective as a
reliever. He made $670,000 last season and is eligible for arbitration. The
Marlins have to tender him a contract before Dec. 20 or he's a free agent. They
won't go to arbitration because he would win a salary out of line with middle
relievers. . . .

Palm Beach Gardens' Jack Armstrong is a different story, though a similiar
financial situation. The Marlins will go to greater lengths to keep Armstrong
because he can start or relieve, versatility the club would like at least one
among their pitching staff to have. . . .

First baseman Orestes Destrade can still be had for a very reasonable price (a
prospect). The Marlins want Jeff Conine to play first base and are so interested
in moving Destrade they told one club they'd pay part of his salary ($750,000 in
'93). The Marlins owe a $500,000 signing bonus regardless of a trade.

NOTEWORTHY: Two years ago when Pete Smith was struggling to come back from an
injury, Braves manager Bobby Cox was asked about the ability of his right-handed
pitcher. ``He's got as good of stuff as anybody on this staff,'' Cox said,
adding that he included John Smoltz, Steve Avery and Tom Glavine in his
considerations. Injury has been Smith's obstacle, not ability, and Smith is
healthy now. Thus Wednesday's trade of Smith to the Mets for versatile
outfielder Dave Gallagher. The deal looks very good for the Mets, who have a
solid 1-2-3 if the rotation of Bret Saberhagen, Dwight Gooden and Smith is
healthy . . .

The Delino DeShields-Pedro Martinez trade has been criticized in Montreal, and
DeShields is a lot to give up. But the Expos had to have more pitching to win,
and scouts have said for a couple of years that Pedro was going to be better
than older brother Ramon, a quality No. 2 starter. Pedro Martinez's fastball has
above-average velocity with above-average movement and he throws a
much-harder-than-average curveball. . . .

CRAZY CLOSERS: A pitcher in South Carolina is determined to keep alive the image
of closers as deranged. Two weeks ago, Clemson closer Scott Winchester was
arrested at 2 a.m. in downtown Clemson on charges of drunken driving in his
go-cart.

Not crazy enough for you?

He was naked.

Even Mitch Williams and Rob Dibble would be impressed.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 1993 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              135 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                                November 7, 2005

Verdicts & Settlements November 7, 2005: AIDS drug maker to pay $704M to settle
fraud allegations

BYLINE: Lawyers Weekly USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 371  words


Serono Laboratories agreed on Oct. 17 to pay $704 million and plead guilty to
federal conspiracy charges that it increased the market for the AIDS drug
Serostim by offering kickbacks to doctors and by manipulating a test for AIDS
patients.

The suit claimed that 85 percent of prescriptions written for Serostim,
accounting for roughly $615 million in sales, were unnecessary, said Michael
Sullivan, the U.S. attorney in Boston who led the four-year federal
investigation.

The cost of many of those prescriptions - $21,000 for 12 weeks of treatment -
was paid by Medicaid.

The investigation included 43 states, which will keep about half of the
settlement money while the rest will be used to reimburse the federal Medicaid
program.

Serostim is used to treat AIDS "wasting," an often-fatal condition involving
severe weight loss. The demand for the drug diminished in the late 1990s with
the advent of "cocktails" of AIDS drugs that made patients less susceptible to
wasting.

When the demand for Serostim also was greatly diminished, Serono's U.S.
operations sought to find new ways to get the costly drug into patients' hands.
Serono offered doctors free trips to the south of France in return for agreeing
to write up to 30 new prescriptions for Serostim.

The company also conspired to introduce a test for AIDS wasting, despite not
having FDA approval. The test diagnosed AIDS wasting even without weight loss,
Sullivan said.

Prosecutors saw no evidence that anyone who was prescribed the drug
unnecessarily was made sicker by it, he said.

The settlement is the nation's third largest health care fraud settlement with a
criminal fine of $136.9 million and civil penalties of $567 million.

As part of the plea, Serono Laboratories will be barred from participating in
federal health programs for five years, although company officials said Serostim
and other Serono products will remain eligible for reimbursement under federal
insurance programs.

No doctors have been charged. Five former Serono executives have been indicted,
Sullivan said. In addition, RJL Sciences, the company that made the testing
devices, and its president, Rudolph Liedtke, pleaded guilty in April for their
role in the conspiracy and are awaiting sentencing.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              136 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    March 30, 1999, Tuesday JOURNAL EDITION

NATO strategy cloudy;
 The military action in Yugoslavia lacks a concrete method of determining how it
should be conducted, how its progress can be measured and what will constitute
success.

BYLINE: Staff

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 659 words

AS EXPECTED, the crisis in Yugoslavia has turned out to be a tough nut to crack,
despite days of massive and deadly bombardments by NATO missiles, bombs and
aircraft. After an unknown number of deaths and the destruction of a
considerable portion of military infrastructure, President Slobodan Milosevic
remains firmly in power and the "ethnic cleansing" of Kosovo has continued or
even increased.

Some are saying that the NATO campaign has backfired. There is widespread
sentiment for national unity to rally support for Milosevic's government, even
from people who had opposed him in the past; meanwhile, he is using brutal
paramilitary forces to step up the campaign to kill able-bodied men among the
ethnic Albanians in Kosovo and drive out all the rest.

As British Defense Minister George Robertson noted regarding the latter point,
however, "This violence was going on before we began." In fact, the eagerness
with which Milosevic and his nationalist Serb allies have leapt to intensify
their genocidal crusade should be seen as proof that NATO was right not to
settle for any peace agreement that did not include a multinational protective
force on the ground in Kosovo. What's happening now has been happening for
months, and would surely have continued as soon as the world got signatures on
paper and looked away for a moment.

What continues to be disturbing about the NATO action is the same thing that has
been troubling about most of the military actions of the post-Cold War period:
the lack of a coherent strategy for determining how a campaign should be
conducted, how to gauge its progress and how to know when success has been
attained.

The latest definition of victory, offered by President Clinton's national
security adviser, Sandy Berger, is not encouraging: "The end state of action
here is a substantially diminished military capability, a substantially
diminished Milosevic, a substantially higher cost." Yet a "diminished" Milosevic
would not lack anything he needed to continue his terror campaign against the
people of Kosovo --- it has been done quite effectively by men with lots of
rifles, a few pieces of artillery and even fewer scruples. Nor would a "
diminished" Milosevic have any new reasons to yield to international demands
that he restore to Kosovo the autonomy that he unilaterally revoked a decade ago
--- especially if there are no ethnic Albanians left there.

The limits of this sort of strategy have been fully and discouragingly
demonstrated in Iraq, where there are eerie and troubling parallels to the
approach in Yugoslavia. Saddam Hussein's military has suffered tremendous
losses, but he has lost almost nothing --- not his grip on power, not his
capacity to continue his murderous persecution of minorities within his country.
Neither the massive destruction of the Gulf War nor the long, dreary period of
sanctions and occasional missile strikes against air-defense targets has
significantly affected him.

We hope the White House and NATO have some better ideas to use against Milosevic
--- although we don't see any signs of that yet. One news story described the
strategy as an attempt to "cut off the head of Belgrade's war machine rather
than dismember it piece by piece." If only that were true. So far it seems clear
that NATO is steering clear of the head --- that is, Milosevic and his political
and military leadership. By concentrating on fuel and ammunition supplies and
the occasional arms factory, the alliance strategy seems to be to blow up
Belgrade's kitchen instead.

NATO had little choice but to act in Yugoslavia, but we remain concerned that it
is not acting in the smartest and most effective ways. That not only lessens the
chances of genuine success, it increases the chances that imminent failure could
plunge us into a protracted and deadly ground war --- one that also might have
no clear definitions of purpose and no sure pathway to a meaningful peace.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Final

GRAPHIC: Photo :
On the run: Ethnic Albanian refugees arrive in Albanian's northern town of Has,
near the border with Kosovo, after fleeing their burning homes. / HEKTOR PUSTINA
/ Associated Press

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              137 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                              July 21, 2008 Monday

Woman's mental capacity at issue in murder case

BYLINE: ELIZABETH EVANS The York Dispatch

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 577 words


The York County District Attorney's Office is asking a judge not to allow a
diminished-capacity defense for a woman who allegedly allowed her mother-in-law
to die from willful, deliberate and premeditated neglect.

Frances A. Donohue, 61, is scheduled for trial Aug. 11, along with her husband,
William J. Donohue, 73.

The Donohues are charged with first- and third-degree murder, as well as
conspiracy to commit both crimes. They remain in York County Prison without
bail.

State police said the couple allowed William Donohue's 87-year-old mother,
Bernadette "Bernice" Leiben, to die in the family's 49 Mitchell Road home in
Fawn Township May 20, 2004.

On June 27, defense attorney Tom Kearney filed a notice of possible mental
infirmity defense in York County Court.

The notice states that he may present evidence at trial to show Frances Donohue
was suffering from a major depressive episode and narcissistic personality
traits, and was abusing medication as well.

Horse drug used: Court documents state she was abusing phenylbutazone, primarily
prescribed for horses and known as "bute." The documents describe "bute" as a
non-steroid anti-inflammatory and pain reliever that was taken off the market
for humans in the late 1990s because of serious side effects.

"(As) a result of these mental impairments, she was incapable of forming the
criminal intent to kill for 1st degree murder," Kearney's notice states.
"Further, the defendant lacked the malice toward the alleged victim required for
a conviction of 3rd degree murder."

The notice states that Kearney might call expert medical witnesses to bolster
the possible defense.

Opinions 'irrelevant': But on July 14, senior prosecutor Tim Barker filed a
motion asking presiding Common Pleas Judge Michael J. Brillhart to exclude the
diminished-capacity defense from trial.

"The expert opinions offered by (the defense) are irrelevant, as they do not
comport with Pennsylvania law," Barker wrote. "Diminished capacity is an
extremely limited defense, which requires extensive psychiatric testimony
establishing a defendant suffered from one or more mental disorders which
prevented (her) from formulating the specific intent to kill."

The motion argues that to present a diminished-capacity defense, a defendant
must "concede liability" and only contest the degree of guilt. It also argues
that such a defense pertains only to first-degree murder.

"(The) defendant cannot raise a defense of diminished capacity because she is
asserting her innocence and not conceding liability," Barker wrote. "Moreover,
personality disorders are irrelevant to a diminished capacity defense."

The background: At the Donohues' June 2007 preliminary hearing, a forensic
pathologist who performed the autopsy on Leiben testified the woman had numerous
ulcerous sores -- bedsores, in all likelihood -- over her body, some of them
filled with maggots.

A large sore on Leiben's heel was "deep, black, necrotic and down to the bone,"
Allentown-based pathologist Saralee Funke testified.

Funke said Leiben's knee had a deep sore as well, in which bone was visible
under necrotic material. She explained "necrotic" skin is dead, decayed,
putrefied tissue.

She had necrotic sores in multiple areas of her body, according to Funke, and
maggots were found in sores on her back, shoulders, legs and right ear.

Cause of death was sepsis, an infection that goes through the entire body, Funke
said.

-- Reach Elizabeth Evans at levans@yorkdispatch.com or 505-5429.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: F. Donohue
W. Donohue

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              138 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                               September 25, 2006

Insured can't recover for 'diminished value' of car

BYLINE: Lawyers USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 361  words


An insured can't recover for the diminished market value of a vehicle following
an auto accident if the insurer has paid for full and adequate repairs, the New
Mexico Court of Appeals has ruled.

Two months after buying a truck, the plaintiff wrecked it. The defendant, which
insured the vehicle, had it repaired. When the repairs were completed, the
plaintiff traded the truck in for a new one, accepting as the trade-in value
$15,000 less than he estimated his old truck was worth before it was damaged.

The plaintiff contacted the defendant, contending that he was entitled to
payment for "loss of market value" under his collision policy. When the
defendant refused to pay, he filed suit.

But the New Mexico Court of Appeals sided with the defendant, saying that this
was the majority rule.

"In the [plaintiff's] policy, the definitions of 'loss' were set out in the
alternative: loss was either 'loss of' the truck or 'damage to' the truck. The
plain meaning of 'loss of' a vehicle in a collision is that the vehicle was a
complete loss. ... Here, plaintiff concedes that there was not a 'total loss' of
his truck. Instead, there was 'damage to' the truck, which was satisfactorily
repaired. ...

"Plaintiff's loss of market value cannot be shoe-horned into the coverage for
direct damage to his truck. Contrary to the plaintiff's arguments, the policy's
language cannot be interpreted as broad enough to 'cover any loss to the
pre-collision position of the consumer' and does not contain a promise to
compensate the insured with the full panoply of damages available in tort. "

The court also rejected the argument that diminished value was specifically
recoverable under a "limits of liability" section of the policy imposing on the
defendant an obligation to "repair or replace" the vehicle following an
accident.

"The modern majority of cases," the court said, "agree that 'repair or replace'
unambiguously refers to restoration of the vehicle. '[R]epair means to restore
something to its former condition, not necessarily to its former value. '"

Davis v. Farmers Insurance Co. of Arizona (Lawyers USA No. 9934127) New Mexico
Court of Appeals No. 25,312. June 31, 2006.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              139 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                            February 24, 2006 Friday

An Octogenarian's Time To Shine

BYLINE: By WILL FRIEDWALD

SECTION: ARTS & LETTERS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 942 words


The title of Gerald Wilson's new album, "In My Time" (Mack Avenue 1025), has
several interconnected meanings.To begin with,the octogenarian
arranger-conductor is referring to the span of his career, which is indeed
impressive: He first ascended to the jazz major leagues nearly 70 years ago when
he joined the trumpet section of the Jimmie Lunceford orchestra.

"My Time" also means "my moment to shine." Although Mr. Wilson has been steadily
composing, orchestrating and leading bands on the West Coast since the mid-'40s
- he was one of the few arrangers to write for Duke Ellington, other than the
leader himself and his musical partner Billy Strayhorn - he has never shown what
he can do at Jazz at Lincoln Center,the house organization for the jazz world.
But last night, he conducted Wynton Marsalis and the Lincoln Center Jazz
Orchestra in a program of his music that will continue Friday and Saturday
nights as part of the "Los Angeles: Central Avenue Breakdown" concert series.

Finally, the reference to Mr. Wilson's "time" could well be a nod to the way in
which he employs different time signatures and tempos to keep his various
compositions diverse and interesting. Of the songs on "In My Time,""AEN" is a
straight-ahead 4/4 swinger, while the Spanish-styled "Lomelin" employs flamenco
and pasodoble rhythms, and "Blues for Manhattan" pivots around a funky,
odd-meter backbeat.

The compositions on Mr. Wilson's new album all originate with various challenges
posed by music theory. The centerpiece of the album is a three-part suite titled
"The Diminished Triangle," which Mr. Wilson built out of three diminished chords
by requiring his musicians to work within the 12 notes found in those chords and
in the eight-part harmony they produced. Likewise, "Blues for Manhattan" isn't
so much about painting an image of Gotham as it is about the concept of writing
a piece for a saxophone section in five-part harmony - as opposed to most sax
section writing, which is in three-part harmony.

Yet if Mr. Wilson provides a theoretical imperative for his compositions, he
also personalizes them by naming them after his family: "AEN" connotes the first
names of his son, the fine jazz guitarist Anthony Wilson, and his two grandsons;
"Jeri"is named for his oldest daughter. It's almost as if he relates to such
concepts as diminished chords and various parts of harmony in the same loving
way as he does to his children - the music certainly sounds as if he does.

What makes "In My Time" especially significant is that Mr. Wilson recorded the
album a few months ago in New York with an all-star band of Gothamcentric
players. Pianist Renee Rosnes, bassist Peter Washington, and drummer Lewis Nash
open the first track, "Sax Chase," with a suggestion of Mc-Coy Tyner and the
classic Coltrane quartet; on "Love for Sale,"their lighter and looser
introduction recalls Mr. Wilson's one-time boss, Count Basie. Star trumpeter Jon
Faddis plays with a Latin tinge reminiscent of Ellington's highnote specialist,
Cat Anderson; another trumpeter, Jimmy Owens, offers a nod to Miles Davis in
Mr.Wilson's hard-driving re-interpretation of "So What."

Sixty-five years ago, in 1941, Jimmie Lunceford introduced Mr.Wilson's first
classic composition, "Yard Dog Mazurka"; six years later, Stan Kenton reworked
that tune into his own "Unison Riff." Mr.Wilson, too, likes to revise his works
continually: "Sax Chase" and "Love for Sale" are based on charts he's been
tinkering with for years, the latter going back to 1953, when he utilized the
brilliant lead alto playing of Jerry Dodgion (who also plays on "In My Time").
"Ray's Vision," the second piece in the "Diminished" suite, opens with a
paraphrase of Ellington's "In a Sentimental Mood" as if played in unison by
vibes and piano.

Mr. Wilson will turn 87 this September, but he has only performed in New York on
two previous occasions I can recall in the two decades that I've been observing
the scene. Bringing him to Rose Hall for a special concert honoring Los Angeles
jazz is one of the smarter things Jazz at Lincoln Center has done, and evidence
that the 50-year-old rivalry between East Coast and West Coast jazz, which Mr.
Wilson remembers well, has at last ended in detente.

***

Speaking of detente,Rose Theater on Wednesday night played host to visitors from
even farther away than L.A. This was "Crossover Concerto," a concert starring
two ensembles from Moscow.

They were led by two dynamic players: the violist Yuri Bashmet, leading the
Moscow Soloists Chamber Orchestra, and the saxophonist Igor Butman with his own
Big Band of Russia. The idea was to blend classical music and jazz by showing
how the two groups could work together and by having the big band play
adaptations of Russian and other classical works.

Leonard Bernstein, Dick Hyman, and others have put together similar programs,
but never with such a pronounced Russian accent. Mr. Butman gave us an
exceedingly mellow treatment of Rachmaninoff's "Vocalese" on soprano sax and
strings, and Mr. Bashmet played a Shostakovich "Scherzo" that was really
slamming - as if it had been written by Charles Mingus. The second half,
however, was the highlight, featuring a new "Jazz Suite"for the two orchestras
and the two star soloists, along with the composer and pianist, Igor Raykhelson.
At times reminiscent of Stan Getz and Eddie Sauter's "Focus," this is an organic
work that succeeds in drawing out the best from this unusual combination.

Mr. Wilson will conduct the Lincoln Center Jazz Orchestra under the auspices of
the "Los Angeles: Central Avenue Breakdown" series February 24 & 25 at Rose
Theater (Broadway at 60th Street, 212-721-6500).

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              140 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 22, 2015 Thursday

Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and Black History Month Commemoration

LENGTH: 303  words

DATELINE: Baltimore


University of Maryland, Baltimore aCounty has issued the following news release:

Wednesday, Feb. 4
11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m. | MSTF
Light refreshments will be provided.

Join Dr. Perman to view the documentary film, MLK Boulevard: The Concrete Dream,
and discuss the film with director Marco Williams.
About the Film

More roads in the U.S. are named after Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. than any
American other than Abraham Lincoln and George Washington. Documentary filmmaker
Marco Williams asks why as he visits dozens of the streets, boulevards, avenues,
drives, and lanes. He also seeks to find out whether they recognize an American
icon or an African-American hero.

Williams' journey takes him to a variety of destinations across the country,
from Atlanta to Memphis, Tenn., to Eugene, Ore. -- a city that is nearly 90
percent white, less than two percent black, and one of the most recent places to
consider naming a street after King.
A Diminished Perception

In Baltimore, Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard -- a busy four-lane thoroughfare
that borders the west side of the University of Maryland, Baltimore campus -- is
often perceived as a barrier between struggling black neighborhoods on one side
and the city's more affluent downtown to the east. That perception was
diminished when the University of Maryland began developing the BioPark just
across the boulevard in 2003, but in his film Williams wonders if commemorating
the slain civil rights leader on street signs -- sometimes in poor
African-American neighborhoods -- achieves its intended purpose.

"Does naming a street for King honor his legacy," Williams asks, "or simply
remind us of how far we still have to go to achieve his dream of racial
equality?"

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              141 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               New York Observer

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

After Election Day, Espaillat's Congressional Hopes Take a Hit

BYLINE: rbarkanobserver

LENGTH: 884 words


State Senator Adriano Espaillat's re-election on Tuesday showed he may be
weakened for a future congressional run.

State Senator Adriano Espaillat on the campaign trail. (Photo: Ross Barkan)

State Senator Adriano Espaillat celebrated another re-election victory on
Tuesday night, but the returns showed his much desired path to Washington D.C.
may have been complicated.

The upper Manhattan lawmaker, despite running in a district that was long
regarded as a center of unwavering support, won by an unexpectedly small margin
over former Councilman Robert Jackson and a third relatively unknown candidate.
To add insult to injury, Mr. Espaillat's old rival, Guillermo Linares, won an
Assembly seat once held by an Espaillat loyalist.

Mr. Espaillat never rules out another run for Congressman Charles Rangel's seat,
which the Harlem Lion says he will retire from in 2016. Once regarded as a
highly probable-and unwanted, for Mr. Rangel-successor, Mr. Espaillat now finds
himself at least slightly diminished in his own backyard, observers say.

"He is still very popular in his district but also with every successive
campaign, he's had to expend more and more financial resources and political
capital. So there's a diminished return to every victory," said Basil Smikle
Jr., a Manhattan Democratic consultant. "By vacillating between Congress and
State Senate, it looks more like he wants to hold office rather than being
called to represent the office."

"Even though he's winning, he's becoming weaker as a leader," Mr. Smikle added.

Mr. Espaillat's rise appeared to be cemented when he nearly unseated Mr. Rangel,
who has represented upper Manhattan for more than 40 years, in 2012. The
insurgent candidacy had little political support in the Manhattan and
Bronx-based district and yet came within 1,100 votes of dethroning Mr. Rangel.
Running in a district redrawn in 2012 to become majority Latino, it appeared Mr.
Espaillat was on the cusp of becoming a Latino kingmaker.

This year, Mr. Espaillat ran again with the backing of many more labor unions
and elected officials but suffered another loss to a rejuvenated Mr. Rangel by a
larger margin than in 2012. Mr. Espaillat's loss came in June and he immediately
declared his intention to run for re-election. He faced Mr. Jackson, who is
close to Mr. Rangel and the central Harlem political establishment which
despises Mr. Espaillat. Returns initially showed Mr. Jackson ahead, but Mr.
Espaillat won by about 8 percent; the margin of victory was far smaller than
when Mr. Espaillat ran for re-election, after falling to Mr. Rangel, in 2012.

"Adriano should be more concerned with his future ambitions than even Governor
Cuomo," said a Democratic operative. "He could barely take care of business in
his own backyard. There is definitely Adriano fatigue among voters."

In 2012 Mr. Espaillat faced Mr. Linares, a former councilman and pioneering
figure in the city's Dominican community. Mr. Espaillat routed Mr. Linares that
year by more than 20 points. It appeared to be a decisive win in a rivalry that
has spanned decades, especially after Mr. Linares' daughter lost an Assembly
race to an Espaillat protégé, Gabriela Rosa.

Mr. Espaillat's luck soured after his second congressional loss in June. Ms.
Rosa was forced to resign that month, confessing to a marriage scheme she
carried out to obtain U.S. citizenship. Mr. Espaillat was immediately deprived
of an ally and Mr. Linares stepped into the vacuum, easily defeating an
Espaillat-backed district leader to win an Assembly seat he held briefly a few
years ago.

"Should Linares decide to go against Adriano in 2016, it hampers Adriano's
ability to come out of Washington Heights with a solid bloc of votes," Mr.
Smikle argued.

Mr. Rangel's central Harlem machine is hunting for a successor, preferably
African-American, not named Adriano Espaillat. Assemblyman Keith Wright, the
chair of the Manhattan Democratic Party, and former Gov. David Paterson are some
of the names floated-observers say any nominee must be able to motivate the same
number of Harlem voters that turned out to re-elect Mr. Rangel.

Mr. Espaillat is still a leading contender to take the seat, especially if he
commands the same kind of unified support in political and labor circles that he
won this year. Espaillat backers point out that the Harlem machine failed to
elect Councilman Fernando Cabrera to a State Senate seat in the Bronx and is
still suffering from inexorable demographic shifts.

And if a backroom deal holds to bring the Senate Democrats into the majority
next year, Mr. Espaillat's enhanced standing in Albany could help him bolster
his position back home.

"It's like World War One, all sides really lose, but one winner is weakened
less. Espaillat's weakened considerably less than Harlem is. They've experienced
structural damage," a source close to Espaillat argued. "Senator Espaillat is
heading into a Democratic majority. He'll have more influence, he'll be getting
laws passed and will be credited in the news."

The Espaillat source also contended that the third candidate in the race on
Tuesday, fellow Dominican-American Luis Tejada, won 7 percent of the vote that
would have been Mr. Espaillat's.

"Was this an epic campaign? Espaillat knew he was going to win," the source
said. "I don't think he's weakened."

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Observer, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              142 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                  New Orleans City Business (New Orleans, LA)

                            December 7, 2010 Tuesday

North Shore commercial space sees interest rebound

BYLINE: Jaime Guillet

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 570  words


The North Shore commercial real estate market has performed fairly well during
2010, including high occupancy rates and diminished yet stable lease rates. With
a slate of deals in development, industry insiders say they expect better news
to come in early 2011.

The nation's economic woes trickled down to businesses and retailers locally, as
well as limiting financing. Still, the year's weakened economic landscape was an
improvement over 2009, with steady growth over recent quarters, said Grady
Brame, partner at Stirling Properties, which manages and serves as leasing agent
for Northpark Corporate Center and Northpark II in Covington. Those two office
buildings are 100 percent occupancy and the rest of St. Tammany's suburban
office market has a "pretty stable" occupancy rate, Brame said.

"It's not as good as a couple years ago, but we're not seeing significant rate
pressure or move-outs that we feared," Brame said.

Stirling's North shore office space occupancy has stayed at 100 percent occupied
the past several years, Brame said, and occupancy in West St. Tammany in general
has been very high. However, demand in terms of prospects has diminished
compared with interest of a couple years ago.

Gulf States Real Estate Services President Mike Saucier said he has seen
business pick up in the past six months and has been receiving more calls for
spaces in the 20,000- to 25,000-square-foot range. Saucier said general interest
is growing for the North Shore as an area for satellite offices as it gains
attention for various moves, such as this year's announcement from Globalstar
Inc. to relocate its corporate headquarters to Covington, and Chevron's Gulf of
Mexico headquarters move from New Orleans in 2008.

Saucier puts Gulf States' occupancy rates at between 90 percent and 95 percent,
compared with between 80 to 85 percent in 2009.

Commercial lending appears to take be taking longer, which has contributed to
the slow pace of the market, but lenders are coming to the table, Brame said.
Financing for "good, quality projects" is solid albeit slow, he said.

"The market is slow but I would not call it dead at all," Brame said. "I still
see the market as being a little soft but I'm talking to a lot of prospects.
People are combing the market, but deals take longer to do. Nothing seems to be
in a hurry. "

St. Tammany Parish office rental rates in 2010 experienced a general decline of
between 10 percent and 20 percent to between $21 to $23 per square foot for
Class A space, down form a post-Hurricane Katrina high of the upper $20 range.

On the retail side of business, leasing agents have struck a variety of deals in
Hammond and Covington, primarily at the Hammond Square development such as a new
70,000-square-foot Academy Sports and Outdoors store, which will open next
summer, as well as retail space in Colonial Pinnacle's Nord du Lac shopping
center, which opened in Covington in October.

Brame says several small national retailers soon will move into Covington, such
as a 4,200-square-foot Claire's Accessories and a 1,200-square-foot Children's
Place. Rates on retail space are averaging about $15 a square foot.

Those and other ongoing deals -- on at least three mid-sized anchored retail
centers for 2011 -- should be a source of optimism for the North shore for next
year, Saucier said.

He cautions that it likely will be "another two or three years" before
unanchored retail space rebounds.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              143 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             July 26, 2016 Tuesday
                                  WEB Edition

After assault, a diminished man's life is further diminished

BYLINE: By Julie Shaw; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: WEB; P-com News; Pg. 00

LENGTH: 1279 words


Thomas Medero was found lying unconscious on a North Philadelphia street the
night of Dec. 13, his head smashed in, his skull fractured.

In all likelihood, the 60-year-old was assaulted. But because of his brain
injuries, Medero doesn't know what happened.

Sitting in a wheelchair at a Montgomery County nursing home this month, he said
he had taken a subway to the Frankford Transportation Center, on his way to
visit his girlfriend. He had withdrawn $40 or $60 from an ATM at the terminal.
Maybe that's why he was attacked.

His sister Joan disagrees. He was found near Germantown and Allegheny Avenues,
just two blocks from a recovery house where he was staying. That is nearly five
miles from the Frankford Transportation Center. And his wallet, with his ATM
card, was found back at the recovery house.

Much remains unknown about what happened that Sunday night to Medero, who,
despite suffering from alcohol and heroin addictions for much of his life, had
tried to get his life back on track.

Now doctors say his life has been irreparably diminished.

As Medero said once to a Philadelphia judge during a 2005 hearing, "Sometimes,
life situations just threw me curves, and I can't get it together."

A passerby found Medero on the 1100 block of West Hilton Street and called 911,
said his sister, 69, who lives in Chester County and spoke on condition that her
married name not be used.

She said it was initially thought her brother had passed out drunk. It was not
until a doctor opened his skull that the extent of his injuries became clear.

No police report was filed and no police investigation was undertaken because
her brother's case was not initially considered a crime, she said. A police
spokesman confirmed this.

Joan said a Philadelphia police detective later told her an investigation could
be undertaken if there were a witness or if her brother remembered what
happened.

At Temple University Hospital, neurosurgeon Charles Munyon immediately operated
on Medero, removing pieces of skull from his brain. Munyon said Medero likely
had been assaulted with a blunt object, or someone could have stomped on him
while he was on the ground.

The damage to the right side of the brain has left him paralyzed on the left
side of his body, the doctor said. And, Munyon said, it's "very likely" that
Medero will spend the rest of his life in a nursing home.

"He can't walk," the doctor said. "He can't use his left arm for anything. He
has executive function problems in terms of impulse control, in terms of
carrying out complex tasks. He doesn't pay attention to or recognize, more or
less, the left half of his world."

He cannot "be allowed out where there might be cars because he won't even think
to look to his left before he tries to cross the street," the doctor said.

Medero speaks fluently, sitting in a conference room, dressed in a blue cotton
shirt and jeans. Since high school in Long Island, he has battled addiction. He
began using heroin, he said, to deal with what he called emotional pain: "I was
a fat kid, and I was tortured by my friends."

He and his sister grew up in Hicksville, N.Y. After high school, he played bass
guitar in a rock band in bars and installed carpeting. In the 1980s, he examined
claims in New York City for the state Workers' Compensation Board.

One day after work, he was taking the subway from City Hall in Lower Manhattan
to Union Square to meet his then-wife. He was engrossed in the New York Post
when he realized the train was at 14th Street. The train doors closed. He tried
to jump onto the station platform from between two train cars, but his right leg
got caught and the train dragged him before a conductor stopped it.

His sister says she thinks her brother was an easy target on the night he was
attacked because he walked with a cane.

Medero moved to the Philadelphia area around 1990 to live with his sister in
Chester County for several months while he was working toward his paralegal
certificate, his sister said. He worked at law firms in Chester County and
Center City.

"You could tell instantly he was well-spoken, he was intelligent," said Brendan
Sherman, his boss at Shapiro & Kreisman in Berwyn. "But you knew there was
something holding him back."

Medero dressed well and was exceptional at his work, he said. But some days it
appeared that he had had a rough night.

As a paralegal, Medero processed bankruptcies and foreclosures.

"He got his work done, It was all correct," Sherman said. "He took his own
initiative. He was clearly a guy, had he had a different life, he had the smarts
to be a lawyer himself."

Sherman said he considered Medero the best of 35 paralegals in the office, so
when he decided to move to a different firm in Center City Philadelphia to start
a new practice at that firm, he chose Medero to go with him.

But Sherman said the new firm could not bring enough clients over, so he had to
lay Medero off in 1996.

Medero continued to struggle with his addictions for the next two decades. He
did more paralegal work, and he had a job in a South Philadelphia bakery. A car
accident brought more trouble. Two days after his 43rd birthday, on Oct. 5,
1998, he plowed through a stop sign at 20th and McKean Streets in South
Philadelphia and struck a 56-year-old woman.

Medero stopped his car. Blood tests detected alcohol, antianxiety medications,
and methadone, used to treat heroin addiction.

He pleaded guilty to aggravated assault by vehicle while DUI. He recalled
serving seven months under house arrest and had to pay $5,472 in restitution for
the woman's injuries.

From 2008 to last year, he was arrested about a dozen times for summary and
misdemeanor offenses mostly related to alcohol, heroin, loitering, and
disorderly conduct.

But he had also worked in recent years to get his life back on track. He had
obtained a real estate license in 2006. He studied at Community College of
Philadelphia and received an associate's degree in 2012.

In 2011 and 2012, he wrote essays for Phactum, the newsletter of the
Philadelphia Association for Critical Thinking, a group that investigates
"fringe-science claims."

He enrolled at Temple University, where he pursued a bachelor's degree in
psychology for a year and a half.

Last October, shortly after his 60th birthday, Medero wound up in a recovery
house on Park Avenue in North Philadelphia, a few blocks from where he was found
in December.

For the past several months, he has been at the Montgomery County nursing home.
His sister says Medicare and Medicaid had paid for his medical and nursing care.

She and her brother were not always close, she said, given their difference in
age and interests. But when needed, she would always help him.

"He's my brother," she said. "We always loved each other." If his electricity
was going to be shut off, she wouldn't send cash, but would pay the bill.

When she learned he was attacked last December, she broke down and cried.
Initially, it did not appear he would survive.

"I feel like he's such an intelligent person and has so much potential," she
said. "He has such a wonderful sense of humor, he has such a sharp wit, he's a
talented musician. On so many levels, he has so much to offer."

Medero speaks of big dreams.

"I really can't wait to get back to school because that's where I thrive," he
said. He spoke of studying for the LSATs, heading to law school. His sister
wonders how he could do that, given his injuries.

She hopes someone will speak out about what happened Dec. 13. "That would be my
hope," she said. "Not that that's going to change anything. But you'd like to
know that someone would be held accountable."

shawj@phillynews.com

215-854-2592

@julieshawphilly

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: AARON RICKETTS / Staff Photographer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              144 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                           December 29, 2009 Tuesday

Patriots face uncertain playoff path

BYLINE: By David Pevear, dpevear@lowellsun.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Football

LENGTH: 617 words


FOXBOROUGH -- Indianapolis Colts coach Jim Caldwell on Sunday showed America how
importantly "historic" he considers that 16-0 regular season the Patriots racked
up two years ago.

To sort of quote Duke Ellington: It don't mean a thing if it ain't got that
ring.

Caldwell's disregard for regular-season perfection should convince the Patriots
to tear down their 16-0 banner that hangs in the opposite corner of Gillette
Stadium from their three Super Bowl banners. The banner they sought two years
ago hangs above a north Jersey swamp at soon-to-be-demolished Giants Stadium.

The NFL meanwhile has a slight competitive-integrity issue on its hands heading
into Week 17. By sitting down most of his starters in the third quarter this
past Sunday, Caldwell, with his team already the No. 1 seed in the AFC playoffs,
sustained the Jets' hopes and diminished those of other teams.

New York coach Rex Ryan had mistakenly declared his Jets mathematically
eliminated six days earlier. The Jets handed the Colts their first loss, 29-15.
Now, if they win Sunday night against the already-in-the-playoffs Bengals at
home, the Jets are in the playoffs, and perhaps headed to Foxborough on Jan. 9
or 10.

If Patriots coach Bill Belichick rests his starters in New England's
regular-season finale on Sunday in Houston, the Texans' playoff chances improve
through deliberately diminished competition.

Not surprisingly, Belichick did not say on Monday how he will handle playing
time against the Texans, resorting to his usual, "I do what's best for our
football team. That's my philosophy."

Belichick's mind remained on the Jacksonville Jaguars, a team with a faint
playoff pulse that his Patriots pounded 35-7 this past Sunday to clinch the AFC
East title.

"It was a good day for us (Sunday)," said Belichick. "(It was) good to come in
and re-watch that game (Monday) morning."

Patriots coaches and scouting staff will try to begin preparing for New
England's first-round playoff opponent. The game will be in Foxborough on Jan. 9
or 10. The difficulty is that the Jets, Broncos, Ravens, Texans, Steelers,
Dolphins and Jaguars all remain alive for the AFC's final two playoff spots.
Only the Jets and Ravens (at Oakland) control their own destinies.

The Patriots will have played six of those seven bubble teams during the regular
season.

"Normally, you know who your next opponent will be," said Belichick, "but in
this case, we really don't. ... Some of the teams that are possibilities in the
playoffs, we are pretty familiar with, and others not as familiar. ... We'll
kind of have to figure all that out here in the next couple of days."

The Patriots will be the AFC's No. 3 or 4 seed (the Bengals will be the other).
A victory on Sunday in Houston assures New England of being No. 3, which would
send the Patriots to San Diego for Round 2 if they survive Round 1. Being No. 4
raises the possibility of going to Indianapolis for Round 2.

After the Patriots pounded the Jaguars, New England quarterback Tom Brady
sounded ready to take on all comers. "We played pretty good today," Brady said
confidently.

Belichick was asked Monday about Caldwell not going full blast after 16-0.
"Every team in this league does everything that we do, ... they do what's best
for their football team," he said.

During NBC's Football Night in America on Sunday, former Colts coach Tony Dungy
backed Caldwell's move. "Peyton Manning is on board for trying to win a Super
Bowl," said Dungy. "That's what Jim Caldwell's obligation is. It's not to go
16-0. It's not to anyone else to help them get to the playoffs. It's to get his
team ready and he did what he felt was best to get his team ready. That's the
only thing he should be concerned about."

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              145 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Anniston Star (Alabama)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 28, 2015 Monday

Severe weather threat diminished for Talladega, St. Clair counties; flooding
concerns linger

BYLINE: Laci Braswell, The Anniston Star, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 384 words


Dec. 28--The threat for potential severe weather today has decreased
significantly, according to the National Weather Service in Birmingham.

The NWS has issued a flash flood watch and a wind advisory for Talladega and St.
Clair counties until this evening.

"We are expecting around a tenth of an inch, to a quarter of an inch of rainfall
for Monday," meteorologist for the National Weather Service, Michael Garrison
said. "The forecast does not project there to be any lightning or significant
damage with this system."

Wind gusts of 10-30 mph are expected throughout today, however.

"These winds may blow down and weakened trees," said Phillip Jones, planner for
Talladega County EMA. "High-profile vehicles will have a strong cross wind
traveling in an east to west direction."

The potential for river flooding is expected until Thursday of this week.

"Minor flooding around the Coosa River, including the Logan Martin Dam, is
forecasted. Some low-lying roads, yards and houses near the river have the
potential for more flash flooding," Jones said.

The water levels are expected to slowly rise, then fall before Thursday evening.

Glovers Ferry Road in Vincent is still closed until further notice due to flash
flooding.

Creekside Circle in Talladega was impassable Sunday but water levels have since
dropped.

Jones recommends travelers on any low-lying roads, such as Creekside Circle, to
proceed with caution and travel at your own risk.

The National Weather Service said the outlook for Tuesday should be dry, with
another chance of storms on Wednesday.

"Our forecast is predicting some showers in the Wednesday morning hours that
will be a slow-moving system, but not as heavy or significant as the system that
moved through Christmas," Garrison said.

Although widespread flash flooding is not expected, there is still potential
threats for isolated flash flooding around rivers and creeks.

"With the ground being saturated and water levels elevated, additional rainfall
could lead to more river flooding in our area," said Patrice Kurzejeski,
assistant director of St. Clair County EMA.

Kurzejeski said that all roads in St. Clair County are open this morning.

___ (c)2015 The Anniston Star (Anniston, Ala.) Visit The Anniston Star
(Anniston, Ala.) at www.annistonstar.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151228-AO-Severe-weather-threat-diminished
-for-Talladega-St-Clair-counties-flooding-concerns-linger-1228-20151228

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AO


                        Copyright 2015 The Anniston Star


                              146 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                           December 29, 2009 Tuesday

Ring still the thing

BYLINE: By David Pevear, dpevear@lowellsun.com

SECTION: PATRIOTS

LENGTH: 616 words


FOXBORO -- Indianapolis Colts coach Jim Caldwell on Sunday showed America how
importantly "historic" he considers that 16-0 regular season the Patriots racked
up two years ago.

To sort of quote Duke Ellington: It don't mean a thing if it ain't got that
ring.

Caldwell's disregard for regular-season perfection should convince the Patriots
to tear down their 16-0 banner that hangs in the opposite corner of Gillette
Stadium from their three Super Bowl banners. The banner they sought two years
ago hangs above a north Jersey swamp at soon-to-be-demolished Giants Stadium.

The NFL meanwhile has a slight competitive-integrity issue on its hands heading
into Week 17. By sitting down most of his starters in the third quarter this
past Sunday, Caldwell, with his team already the No. 1 seed in the AFC playoffs,
sustained the Jets' hopes and diminished those of other teams.

New York coach Rex Ryan had by mistake declared his Jets mathematically
eliminated six days earlier. The Jets handed the Colts their first loss, 29-15.
Now, if they win Sunday night against the already-in-the-playoffs Bengals at
home, the Jets are in the playoffs, and perhaps headed to Foxboro on Jan. 9 or
10.

If Patriots coach Bill Belichick rests his starters in New England's
regular-season finale on Sunday in Houston, the Texans' playoff chances improve
through deliberately diminished competition.

Not surprisingly, Belichick yesterday did not say how he will handle playing
time against the Texans, resorting to his usual, "I do what's best for our
football team. That's my philosophy."

Belichick's mind remained on the Jacksonville Jaguars, a team with a faint
playoff pulse that his Patriots pounded 35-7 this past Sunday to clinch the AFC
East title.

"It was a good day for us (Sunday)," said Belichick. "(It was) good to come in
and re-watch that game (yesterday) morning."

Patriots coaches and scouting staff will try to begin preparing for New
England's first-round playoff opponent. The game will be in Foxboro on Jan. 9 or
10. The difficulty is that the Jets, Broncos, Ravens, Texans, Steelers, Dolphins
and Jaguars all remain alive for the AFC's final two playoff spots. Only the
Jets and Ravens (at Oakland) control their own destinies.

The Patriots will have played six of those seven bubble teams during the regular
season.

"Normally, you know who your next opponent will be," said Belichick, "but in
this case, we really don't ... Some of the teams that are possibilities in the
playoffs, we are pretty familiar with, and others not as familiar ... We'll kind
of have to figure all that out here in the next couple of days."

The Patriots will be the AFC's No. 3 or 4 seed (the Bengals will be the other).
A victory on Sunday in Houston assures New England of being No. 3. Which would
send the Patriots to San Diego for Round 2 if they survive Round 1. Being No. 4
raises the possibility of going to Indianapolis for Round 2.

After the Patriots pounded the Jaguars, New England quarterback Tom Brady
sounded ready to take on all comers. "We played pretty good today," Brady said
confidently.

Belichick was asked yesterday about Caldwell not going full blast after 16-0.
"Every team in this league does everything that we do ... they do what's best
for their football team," he said.

During NBC's Football Night in America on Sunday, former Colts coach Tony Dungy
backed Caldwell's move. "Peyton Manning is on board for trying to win a Super
Bowl," said Dungy. "That's what Jim Caldwell's obligation is. It's not to go
16-0. It's not to anyone else to help them get to the playoffs. It's to get his
team ready and he did what he felt was best to get his team ready. That's the
only thing he should be concerned about."

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              147 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                          September 10, 2011 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Huntsman's focus on N.H. angers state GOP officials

BYLINE: By ANDREW ABRAMSON Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL & BUSINESS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 669 words

DATELINE: WEST PALM BEACH


Despite choosing Orlando for his campaign headquarters, Republican presidential
candidate Jon Huntsman is shifting resources from Florida to New Hampshire,
angering state party officials in the process.

Huntsman, whose national poll numbers continue to drop, spoke to a small
gathering of the Republican Jewish Coalition on Friday at West Palm Beach's
Marriott hotel.

The speech came just hours after his campaign manager, Matt David, announced
that Huntsman was reassigning staff to New Hampshire, "a move reflective of the
diminished importance of Florida's P5(straw poll) and the campaign's focus on
success in New Hampshire."

Florida's Presidency 5 straw poll is scheduled for Sept. 24 in Orlando.

"His campaign is redefining irony today," said Brian Hughes, spokesman for the
Republican Party of Florida. "On the same day that his campaign has consistently
been lagging in polls, he says P5 is a diminished event. On the same day, (Rick
Perry), who is leading in polls and is surging, says that P5 is tremendously
important and crucial to his Florida strategy."

GOP candidates Mitt Romney and Michele Bachmann have said they will not
participate. While they will not speak at the event and presumably won't line up
votes, their names will appear with all the other candidates' on the ballot.

Hughes said Huntsman disparaged the state's 3,500 delegates by diminishing the
importance of the strong poll.

Following his speech to about 25 people in West Palm Beach, Huntsman denied that
he was giving up Florida to put all his efforts toward New Hampshire, despite
sending staffers out of Florida.

"We are as committed (in Florida) as any campaign," Huntsman said. "We've got
the resources in order to make it work in this state, and we're going to win
it."

Meanwhile, his national campaign announced several staff moves Friday, including
the appointment of Ann Herberger, former Gov. Jeb Bush's finance director, as
his finance director. Herberger backed Romney in his 2008 primary run and worked
for Tim Pawlenty before he pulled out of this year's race.

The campaign also said Tom Loeffler, a former Texas congressman and national
finance chairman of John McCain's 2008 campaign, will become Huntsman's campaign
chairman, and Ben Porritt, a former press specialist for McCain and President
George W. Bush, had been hired as senior adviser for communications.

Huntsman continued to distance himself from the tea party movement Friday,
portraying himself as a moderate Republican who could win a general election
against President Obama.

"It ain't rocket science, what needs to happen," Huntsman said. "We need someone
who can win, someone who can speak to independent minds.

"We need to remember that we are, at heart, a big-tent party. We are a party of
inclusiveness. We open doors, we don't close doors."

Huntsman said he would not run as an independent.

"I've always been a member of the Republican Party," Huntsman said. "I just want
to get back to that big tent, that bridge that will allow us to win the
election."

Huntsman criticized the jobs plan that Obama urged on Congress on Thursday,
saying, "I don't know how much more I can listen to half-steps -- $400 billion
here, some projects here and there."

Huntsman said he is proposing "bold reform" to eliminate loopholes, special
interest carve-outs and subsidies, and lowering rates across the board to "make
our tax code flatter, fairer, simpler and more conducive to growth."

Huntsman also took a jab at Perry, who has continually lauded his own job-growth
rate in Texas. "He might have been at 4.9 percent," Huntsman said, "but we were
at 5.9 percent job growth (in Utah)."

Addressing the Jewish Republicans, Huntsman focused on defending Israel.

"We've forgotten what it means to be a friend and an ally in the United States,
and that has saddened me tremendously," Huntsman said. "I'm saddened that we're
not standing shoulder to shoulder (with Israel) in a time of need and a time of
great uncertainty, turmoil and flux in the Middle East."

~andrew_abramson@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              148 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                          September 29, 2012 Saturday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Brian Dawkins unsure how he'll react to retirement of Eagles jersey

BYLINE: By Zach Berman; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: NATIONAL; P-com News for PC Home Page; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 728 words


Brian Dawkins posed a simple question: If all those fans who wear No. 20 to
Eagles games could play one football game, how would they play? How would they
react?

"Would you do a flip? Would you crawl? Would you do those things?" Dawkins said.
"Probably so. Because you're so excited to play those games."

That was Dawkins' approach when he played safety for the Eagles from 1996 to
2008 - 13 seasons in which he delivered ferocious hits and inspirational locker
room speeches and became one of the most beloved Philadelphia athletes the city
has ever cheered.

At Sunday's game against the New York Giants, Dawkins' No. 20 will be retired by
the Eagles on a night that Dawkins expects to be "electric."

He becomes the eighth player in franchise history to receive the honor, joining
Steve Van Buren, Tom Brookshier, Pete Retzlaff, Chuck Bednarik, Al Wistert,
Reggie White, and Jerome Brown. If there has ever been a player who represented
the Eagles and connected with Philadelphia, it is Dawkins.

And he said it was the way he played the game, the way he approached the game,
that created a mutual adoration. Dawkins ended his career with 37 interceptions
and eight Pro Bowl selections.

"I don't know the true definition of blue collar, but I know cats around here
work for what they have," Dawkins said. "And when they get a chance to relax,
they relax watching us. They relax watching football. It's an outlet. It can be
a bad one sometimes when we're not doing what you're supposed to do, but they're
going to tell you what they're feeling."

And Dawkins will get the chance to tell fans how he's feeling. He will address
the fans at halftime of the game at Lincoln Financial Field. He said he knows
what he will say, but will not write it down, will speak instead from his heart.

"I just don't know what type of mood I'll be in: Will I kick into game mode or
will I be a mushy tear machine?" Dawkins said. "I don't know. All I know is it
will be an awesome thing, because last time I checked, this is not a normal
thing for guys to get their jerseys retired when they're yet young."

Dawkins, 38, is in his first year of retirement after three seasons with the
Denver Broncos. He has jumped into his post-football life by devoting time to
his family, coaching his son's football team, accepting speaking engagements,
and serving as an analyst on ESPN.

Dawkins emphasized that he did not want to leave Philadelphia as a free agent in
2009. Former Eagles president Joe Banner acknowledged in June that he regretted
the failed contract negotiation with Dawkins and the perception that the team
did not value him. But Dawkins said that this weekend is not diminished by the
fact that he finished his career elsewhere.

"I had too much fun here, too many great years," Dawkins said. "I learned too
much here, grew into a man here. So many great things about being here that I
don't care where I went after that, this time will never be diminished. Can
never be diminished."

Dawkins repeatedly mentioned that he could not believe his jersey is being
retired. He described himself as living someone else's dream, saying he was a
second-round pick out of Clemson in 1996 who only wanted to make the team. When
Andy Reid took over as head coach in 1999, Reid's general manager in Green Bay
told him No. 20 was the best player Reid inherited.

Dawkins outlasted all the players he knew as a rookie in the Eagles locker room,
becoming a leader and one of the faces of the franchise during the stretch from
2001 to '04 when the Eagles reached the NFC championship game each season. They
lost three consecutive conference titles before finally winning in 2004, which
is why he still wears the championship ring on his right little finger and beams
when he talks about finally winning in Philadelphia.

The Eagles failed to win the Super Bowl, though, a painful reality that does not
negate everything he achieved in his career. Because on Sunday and next month
and next year and in 20 years, Dawkins' legacy will be celebrated in
Philadelphia.

"If my number was not retired, would they love me any less?" Dawkins said.
"You're already eating the cake as it is. You put the icing on it, and it's
awesome."

Brian Dawkins talks with The Inquirer's Zach Berman about his life and NFL
career at philly.com/dawkins

Contact Zach Berman at zberman@phillynews.com. Follow @ZBerm on Twitter.


LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              149 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           September 28, 2012 Friday
                                  WEB Edition

Dawkins will speak from heart when Birds retire his number

BYLINE: By Zach Berman; INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: WEB; P-com Spt. Eagles; Pg. WEB

LENGTH: 710 words


Brian Dawkins posed a simple question: If all those fans who wear No. 20 to
Eagles games could play one football game, how would they play? How would they
react?

"Would you do a flip? Would you crawl? Would you do those things?" Dawkins said.
"Probably so. Because you're so excited to play those games."

That was Dawkins' approach when he played safety for the Eagles from 1996 to
2008 - 13 seasons in which he delivered ferocious hits and inspirational locker
room speeches and became one of the most beloved Philadelphia athletes the city
has ever cheered.

At Sunday's game against the New York Giants, Dawkins' No. 20 will be retired by
the Eagles on a night that Dawkins expects to be "electric."

He becomes the eighth player in franchise history to receive the honor, joining
Steve Van Buren, Tom Brookshier, Pete Retzlaff, Chuck Bednarik, Al Wistert,
Reggie White, and Jerome Brown. If there has ever been a player who represented
the Eagles and connected with Philadelphia, it is Dawkins.

And he said it was the way he played the game, the way he approached the game,
that created a mutual adoration. Dawkins ended his career with 37 interceptions
and eight Pro Bowl selections.

"I don't know the true definition of blue collar, but I know cats around here
work for what they have," Dawkins said. "And when they get a chance to relax,
they relax watching us. They relax watching football. It's an outlet. It can be
a bad one sometimes when we're not doing what you're supposed to do, but they're
going to tell you what they're feeling."

And Dawkins will get the chance to tell fans how he's feeling. He will address
the fans at halftime of the game at Lincoln Financial Field. He said he knows
what he will say, but will not write it down, will speak instead from his heart.

"I just don't know what type of mood I'll be in: Will I kick into game mode or
will I be a mushy tear machine?" Dawkins said. "I don't know. All I know is it
will be an awesome thing, because last time I checked, this is not a normal
thing for guys to get their jerseys retired when they're yet young."

Dawkins, 38, is in his first year of retirement after three seasons with the
Denver Broncos. He has jumped into his post-football life by devoting time to
his family, coaching his son's football team, accepting speaking engagements,
and serving as an analyst on ESPN.

Dawkins emphasized that he did not want to leave Philadelphia as a free agent in
2009. Former Eagles president Joe Banner acknowledged in June that he regretted
the failed contract negotiation with Dawkins and the perception that the team
did not value him. But Dawkins said that this weekend is not diminished by the
fact that he finished his career elsewhere.

"I had too much fun here, too many great years," Dawkins said. "I learned too
much here, grew into a man here. So many great things about being here that I
don't care where I went after that, this time will never be diminished. Can
never be diminished."

Dawkins repeatedly mentioned that he could not believe his jersey is being
retired. He described himself as living someone else's dream, saying he was a
second-round pick out of Clemson in 1996 who only wanted to make the team. When
Andy Reid took over as head coach in 1999, Reid's general manager in Green Bay
told him No. 20 was the best player Reid inherited.

Dawkins outlasted all the players he knew as a rookie in the Eagles locker room,
becoming a leader and one of the faces of the franchise during the stretch from
2001 to '04 when the Eagles reached the NFC championship game each season. They
lost three consecutive conference titles before finally winning in 2004, which
is why he still wears the championship ring on his right little finger and beams
when he talks about finally winning in Philadelphia.

The Eagles failed to win the Super Bowl, though, a painful reality that does not
negate everything he achieved in his career. Because on Sunday and next month
and next year and in 20 years, Dawkins' legacy will be celebrated in
Philadelphia.

"If my number was not retired, would they love me any less?" Dawkins said.
"You're already eating the cake as it is. You put the icing on it, and it's
awesome."

Contact Zach Berman at zberman@phillynews.com. Follow @ZBerm on Twitter.


LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              150 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bakersfield Californian

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 17, 2011 Sunday

Older drivers sometimes experience diminished skills

BYLINE: Jason Kotowski, The Bakersfield Californian

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1047 words


April 17--Vision problems. Slowed reaction times. Forgetting where they're
going.

These are symptoms people sometimes suffer from as they get older, and it can
make them dangerous behind the wheel. Sometimes family members or others who
notice erratic driving on the part of an older person need to step in and let
them know they shouldn't be on the road.

"It's obviously a difficult subject to broach because it deals with a person's
independence," said Lito Morillo, interim director of the county's Aging and
Adult Services department.

The issue of senior drivers was brought to the forefront locally last week when
93-year-old John Collins drove into the Arvin-Edison Canal. Collins, a former
Bakersfield College president, was rescued and has been recovering.

His son, Charles Collins, said the family has never had concerns about John
Collins' ability to drive himself around town. Charles Collins said his father
is a licensed, legal driver and is still very sharp mentally.

But that's not the case with everyone his age, or even people quite a bit
younger.

When to take away the keys

Jan Mendoza, an information officer with the DMV, not only provides information
concerning older drivers, but she recently had to deal with one herself -- her
mother. Mendoza said it wasn't an easy process, but it was clear during her
mother's DMV re-examination that she had no business driving.

"My mother didn't even make it out of the parking lot (during the exam),"
Mendoza said.

In some instances, the DMV will take a person's license away. In others, the
person will be given a restricted license.

For example, a senior citizen who isn't good at driving long distances but is a
safe driver within their neighborhood or nearby locations might be given a
license allowing them to drive within a certain area, Mendoza said.

Still, asking a loved one to give up or restrict their driving can be tough,
Morillo said. He said the best way to approach the matter is in a group setting,
with other relatives providing support and talking about why the person
shouldn't drive anymore.

Those reasons include driving in the wrong lane, becoming confused, and trouble
seeing lights, signs, other cars and pedestrians, Morillo said. When the
decision's been made to confront the older driver, be sure to provide options.

"When you take a person's independence away, you need to provide solutions to
offset that by providing alternatives," Morillo said.

For example, a relative might offer to drive the senior citizen to a close
friend's house or take them shopping on a regular basis. It can be a tough
transition, and the person whose driving privileges have been taken away may
become depressed for a while and think nostalgically back to fond memories they
had of driving to certain places, Morillo said.

"When I don't have access to a car," Morillo said, "I think about how paralyzed
I feel. It's not like we have subways (in Bakersfield)."

Bakersfield resident Connie Ramsdell didn't have to confront her mother about
her driving ability -- the DMV did it for her. They scheduled Ramsdell's mother,
who was 78 at the time, for an exam because she was taking a variety of
medications because of knee complications, Ramsdell said.. It's not known why
the DMV contacted Ramsdell's mom, but there are certain medical conditions that
can impact driving that doctors are required to report to the DMV.

Her mother had already been having some issues with driving before the exam,
Ramsdell said. She had limited neck flexibility and had difficulty looking
behind her, and in one instance backed over a tree.

Her mother failed the examination, demanded a second test, and then failed that
one too, Ramsdell said. She realized then she didn't have a choice but to give
up driving.

"She was unhappy, of course, because she's an independent woman," Ramsdell said.
"But she also believes in obeying the law."

If an older relative is refusing to take his or her family's advice to give up
their license, there's another option -- fill out a DMV re-examination form.

The form can be submitted by anyone and, if you're an immediate family member,
you can submit it anonymously so your relative never has to know it was you who
recommended the examination. The DMV will then contact the person and give them
a few days to come in for the examination, Mendoza said.

She said age itself isn't the only factor in a person's decreased driving
skills. A 90-year-old may in some cases be a better driver than a 60-year-old.

Mendoza said her father is 90, still driving and is very active and fit. She
also said she is friends with an 89-year-old who frequently flies a plane.

Officers and insurance

Bakersfield police Sgt. Mary DeGeare declined to comment specifically about the
Collins case, in which the driver was heading west on Truxtun Avenue and crossed
over eastbound lanes and then went through a canal gateway before being carried
half a mile by the Arvin-Edison Canal current.

But in general, police will submit a high priority re-examination request to the
DMV if a driver is cited or arrested under certain violations of the California
Vehicle Code and shows evidence of incapacity that is immediately affecting
driver safety, according to department policy.

In some instances, police would immediately take a person's license away if they
clearly pose a risk to themselves or others, DeGeare said.

Seniors can help themselves by taking a safe driving course targeting older
drivers, said Tully Lehman, communications specialist with the Insurance
Information Network of California. Courses such as "55 Alive" can result in
discounts from some insurers and, more importantly, refresh seniors on the rules
of the road.

Such courses are relatively inexpensive, but the cost isn't the biggest factor
in why a senior should take one, Lehman said.

"Regardless of costs or discounts, it's a little extra training and it can not
only save your life but maybe someone else's, too," he said.

To see more of The Bakersfield Californian, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.bakersfield.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Bakersfield Californian
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110417-BK-Older-drivers-sometimes-experience-diminished
-skills-0417-20110417

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BK


                   Copyright 2011 The Bakersfield Californian


                              151 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             April 30, 1996 Tuesday

Provident bids $1.2-billion for rival insurer   With help from a Swiss ally,
once-ailing company   signals recovery with offer for Paul Revere Corp.

BYLINE: LESLIE SCISM and STEVEN LIPIN; WSJ

LENGTH: 852 words


BY LESLIE SCISM and STEVEN LIPIN
The Wall Street Journal
PROVIDENT Cos.' rehabilitation seems to be over.

Two years ago the insurer was suffering under weak management, and its
earnings were dragged down by a marginally profitable guaranteed-
investment-contract business, a lacklustre group-health operation and
soaring claims related to its core disability-income-insurance business,
among other woes.

Yesterday, Provident signalled that it considers itself well - well
enough to pay $1.2-billion (U.S.), or $26 a share, for one of its biggest
rivals, Paul Revere Corp. of Worcester, Mass., a company almost as big as
Chattanooga, Tenn.-based Provident. Investors agreed with its diagnosis
and sent Provident's shares soaring 7.9 per cent, or $2.50, to $34.

The transaction "demonstrates that this company has moved from the
defensive to the offensive - in a big, big way," says Thomas Rosencrants,
an analyst with Robinson-Humphrey Co. in Atlanta. The transaction was
first reported in The Wall Street Journal yesterday and was later
officially announced by the company.

The turnaround started in November, 1993, with the hiring of a former
banker, J. Harold Chandler, as chief executive and president, one of a new
breed of outsiders beginning to be brought into struggling insurance
operations to turn them around. Besides steps to shore up the balance
sheet, shed underperforming operations and overhaul the core disability-
income business, he also worked closely with the company's long-time
controlling family on unusual moves that ultimately diminished the clan's
tight grip.

But Mr. Chandler and the family agreed that the diminished influence
was for the good of the company - and the value of the family's big stake.
It is shrinking to 36.4 per cent of the company after the Paul Revere
transaction from 51.1 per cent before.

"We just have a little smaller percentage of a larger pie with good
growth opportunities," said Hugh Maclellan Jr., president of the Maclellan
Foundation in Chattanooga and chairman of Provident's executive
committee. He is one of three Maclellan family representatives on the
current 11-person board, which, under terms of the transaction, will add
four non-family members soon.

Two of these newest members are to come from Zurich Insurance Group, a
Switzerland-based financial-services giant that is acquiring a 15-per-cent
  stake in Provident for $300-million. They've signed on because Provident
recognized that it would be stretched financially to go it alone on the
transaction. The $300-million infusion, to be used as part of the purchase
price, represents Zurich's third expansion into the American insurance
market in recent months, and under the pact it is free to buy up to 40 per
cent of Provident's common shares outstanding. If Zurich wants to go above
that level, it must make an offer to all shareholders and buy all the
shares. Provident played up possibilities to sell its products abroad
through Zurich's distribution channels.

While some analysts note that Provident's big bet on the tricky but
underpenetrated disability-income-insurance sector holds plenty of
potential peril, the transaction would make Provident the second-largest
overall seller of such policies, behind industry leader Unum Corp. of
Portland, Me. Larry Mayewski, a senior vice-president with A.M. Best Co.,
says the transaction is "a no-brainer" from Provident's standpoint, given
that it allows the company "to work with, rather than against," a long-
standing rival. He said the combined entity's "formidable presence" would
benefit from expanded distribution channels and lower costs that result
from economies of scale.

The combination would have more than $4-billion in annual revenue
selling policies to employers who buy the policies for their work forces,
and individuals who buy them on their own. Disability income is a niche of
the life-insurance industry, under which insurers provide replacement
income for people unable to work as a result of accident or illness,
ranging from short to indefinite time periods.

For many, a step as bold as Provident's new one was unimaginable when
Mr. Chandler came aboard from NationsBank. Like other insurers,
Provident's guaranteed-investment-contract business was troubled by poorly
performing assets. Its conventional health-insurance business was losing
ground to employers' growing preference for health-maintenance
organizations, and developing such HMOs was a costly, capital-intensive
prospect.

And Provident's core disability-income insurance business was, like its
peers, paying the price of intense sales competition in the 1980s.

Mr. Chandler's overhaul has included installing his own management
team, including a well-regarded No. 2 executive, Thomas Watjen, a former
investment banker specializing in the insurance industry. Among the steps
they've taken: reaching a pact to sell the medical business for $231-
million, winding down the GIC business, cutting the quarterly dividend to
18 cents from 26 cents, eliminating a dual class of stock that had given
the Maclellan family super-voting rights, streamlining the corporate
structure, and selling $962-million in commercial mortgage loans.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1996 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              152 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                              July 17, 2015 Friday

Supreme Court Law Blog: Malice or intent?

BYLINE: Ember S. Tilton SCOV Law Blog

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1162 words


MONTPELIER &GT;&GT; In this sad tale of murder and mental instability, SCOV was
asked to tie together two stray threads of our jurisprudence and clarify whether
diminished capacity can relieve a defendant of culpability for murder in such a
manner as to permit her to be convicted of voluntary manslaughter by a jury. The
problem lies with the choice of words from prior cases. Ah, yes ... definitions.

See, voluntary manslaughter has been traditionally defined as an intentional
killing that is excused because of provocation or heat of the moment irrational
thinking   a.k.a. the "heat of passion" defense. However, diminished capacity
has been widely used to reduce murder to manslaughter in Vermont as well.

Picture how you feel when Netflix won't load. Yeah, so if that was happening and
a Netflix exec walked up to your door and you kicked him, you might be somewhat
excused because there was a factor which caused you to act in a manner which you
were not expecting. Also, if the judge had ever been unable to watch a favorite
show, she might well identify with your mental unrest and feel some mitigation
instruction was warranted.

In concluding his scathing dissent, Justice Rieber states that the decision
"defies common sense, reason, and authority" and that the source of our
common-law cannot be found in books, but rather it comes from within the human
heart.

However, this is not the problem. The problem is, in a word, "Why?" Why do we
excuse the woman who comes home to a cheating husband   catching him in the act
and shoots him and his paramour? Is it because her actions were not "willful"?
Is it a matter of involuntariness or lack of prior malice? Is it malice or
intent or do "malice" and "intent" mean the same thing in this context? Is the
reason we permit situations that might cause a reasonable person to lose it to
negate some degree of guilt, the same reason that might allow a disturbed person
to receive a lesser punishment too? SCOV says, "No, these are not the same
thing."

Older (like back in the 1990s) SCOV cases seem to point in both direction.
Actually, some point most definitely in both directions. One reading would
suggest that voluntary manslaughter is intentional killing without malice. Yet,
others indicate that it is the absence of intent or willfulness which reduces
murder to manslaughter. In the past, many cases explicitly stated this was the
same thing. SCOV compares the following quotes:

Voluntary manslaughter is an intentional killing committed under extenuating
circumstances that may negate willfulness, such as sudden passion or provocation
that would cause a reasonable person to lose control. State v. Blish.
https://casetext.com/case/state-v-blish and: "The element that distinguishes
murder from manslaughter is the presence or absence of malice." State v. Shaw.

So which is it? Malice or intent?

Latonia Congress was convicted of second-degree murder, based on an altercation
between Ms. Congress and her cousin's daughter, Shatavia, who lived with Ms.
Congress. It's a really sad story. Shatavia died from a knife wound inflicted by
Ms. Congress.

She presented evidence of diminished capacity. Dr. Kinsler (a clinical and
forensic psychologist) testified that she "went into a dissociative state," and
acted "automatically and without conscious control." Other evidence presented at
trial showed that the two women were fighting and that the victim was stabbed in
the heart. The State also called an expert who rebutted Dr. Kinsler by saying
something to the effect of, "Well, psychology can't really tell what a person is
thinking."

The question then was put to the trial judge. Should the judge instruct the jury
that they may convict Ms. Congress of voluntary manslaughter if they find that
she had "diminished capacity"? The defendant argued that this would be proper.
The State disagreed, arguing there is either intent or no intent. Specifically,
the trial judge wanted to know "How can you have a little bit of intent?" The
judge ruled in favor of the State and issued an instruction that only really
sounded like "heat of passion" would excuse murder to manslaughter.

The judge's instruction placed diminished capacity on a plane with the State's
burden to prove the elements of the crime (intentional, killing, with malice).
In essence, the judge told the jury, "if you think she was totally out of her
mind then you should find her not guilty of anything." This gave the jury the
"all or nothing" dilemma. The defendant wanted a happy medium because it really
just didn't seem like acquittal was in the cards for her.

"Why?" you might ask. Well ... you see, some of the evidence was not so good. In
fact, it did not look good at all. There was evidence of threatening language
("I'm going to kill that bitch") and evidence that defendant initiated the
argument and started the fight that led to the stabbing. The details are very
bloody and the evidence, viewed in one way at least, indicated that defendant
was angry and aggressive.

On appeal, Ms. Congress argued that the judge should have given an instruction
about how if the jury found she had diminished capacity during the encounter,
then she could be convicted of voluntary manslaughter. SCOV does not agree and
upholds the conviction.

The reasoning goes a little something like this: Both second-degree murder and
voluntary manslaughter require intent. Diminished capacity negates intent.
Therefore, voluntary manslaughter can only be found where the intent is formed
but that circumstances existed which would cause a reasonable person to lose
control. This does not justify the killing but the lesser charge may be
appropriate. Likewise, if the defendant has proven diminished capacity they
cannot be guilty of murder or voluntary manslaughter because there was no
intent.

Justice Reiber was not so convinced. In a scathing dissent, he calls this
reconciliation a "meaningless semantic distinction" and "an analytic flaw." He
disagrees that the split in case-law was so clear and posits that this case
overturned four decades of decisions. The dissenting chief justice would leave
the question to the jury to decide. He is not happy with the "malice-negating,
intent-negating" analysis. Instead, he submits that the jury should be free to
decide if "defendant acted under the influence of a mental disease or defect not
rising to the level of insanity." He references decisions from over 150 years
ago as well as the modern Model Penal Code in support of his position. He
appeals to the need for mercy within the law. And, in concluding he states that
the decision "defies common sense, reason, and authority" and that the source of
our common-law cannot be found in books, but rather it comes from within the
human heart. His argument is certainly thought provoking and authoritative
enough to make one wonder if this is the last we will see of diminished capacity
manslaughter or whether we do really live in a "all-or-nothing" insanity-defense
state.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              153 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                           December 18, 2014 Thursday

A-Rod now a full-time DH

LENGTH: 191  words


Alex Rodriguez faces a diminished role in his return to the New York Yankees,
who have stripped A-Rod of his third-base job and plan to limit his role to
full-time designated hitter - at most.

Alex Rodriguez faces a diminished role in his return to the New York Yankees,
who have stripped A-Rod of his third-base job and plan to limit his role to
full-time designated hitter - at most.

General manager Brian Cashman said Tuesday that A-Rod's days as an everyday
fielder are over in the Bronx and Chase Headley will start at third after
agreeing this week to a $52 million, four-year contract.

Coming off a season-long suspension for violations of baseball's drug agreement
and labor contract, Rodriguez will have to compete with Martin Prado for time as
Headley's backup at third.

"I can't expect Alex to be anything," Cashman said. "I've got to think the worst
and hope for the best. Even before the suspension, he wasn't the same player at
third base on the defensive or offensive side. And that was before the
suspension.

Cashman said A-Rod will have to prove to manager Joe Girardi he can play the
field.

Associated Press

(China Daily 12/18/2014 page23)

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2014 China Daily Information.
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              154 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            April 23, 2015 Thursday

LFC report: 'Diminished need' for state office projects

BYLINE: Steve Terrell, The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 669 words


April 23--Because state government has a glut of office space, there is a "
diminished need" for two long-planned state building projects in Santa Fe -- the
Health and Human Services complex proposed for the Las Soleras development
between the south end of Cerrillos Road and Interstate 25, and an executive
office building planned across Don Gaspar Avenue from the Capitol.

That's the conclusion in a recent report by the Legislative Finance Committee.

Noting that the two projects "have seen various delays for several years," the
report says, "These delays may have provided the [Capital Building Planning]
Commission and the administration time to re-evaluate these projects in light of
the decrease in the state workforce and weak real estate market."

New information from a General Services Department study "quantifies excess
capacity within Santa Fe that may diminish the need for new buildings or reduce
their size," the report states. "The consideration for 'rightsizing' has become
as important as site selection."

A General Services spokesman said Wednesday that no decision has been made on
either of the building projects.

The report says the total amount of leased and state-owned office space has
remained unchanged since 2012, but the number of state employees has been
reduced by about 12 percent since 2008.

The proposed Las Soleras complex has been on hold for more more than four years.
The state first entered into a preliminary purchase agreement for land there in
late 2010, but the closing was delayed to give then-incoming Gov. Susana
Martinez a chance to review the deal.

But in 2013, the Human Services Department signed a 10-year lease for part of a
vacant building on Rodeo Road that formerly housed offices of the U.S. Forest
Service and the federal Bureau of Land Management. That building would become
the new home of the department's Administrative Services Division. Most of the
department stayed at its current location on Pacheco Street at St. Michael's
Drive.

An agreement for the state to pay $6 million for the 20 acres in Las Soleras was
negotiated at the end of Gov. Bill Richardson's administration.

In 2012, the state Board of Finance, chaired by the governor, voted to eliminate
a requirement that the developers build a station on the property for the
state's Rail Runner Express commuter trains. Critics of the Las Soleras proposal
pointed out that several other proposed sites for a new complex had been
rejected because they weren't adjacent to the Rail Runner tracks. Also that
year, the Legislature voted to move $4 million that had been earmarked for the
purchase to be spent on improvements at an existing government building.

The new report says the General Services Department "remains in contact with the
owners of the Las Soleras property. ... Talks have continued on the potential
use of that site in the future for a state facility."

Landlords who lease office space to the state have argued that building the huge
complex for state agencies would add to the vacancy rate for Santa Fe office
space.

Las Soleras is owned by a partnership headed by Albuquerque developers John
Mahoney and Gordon "Skip" Skarsgard.

Last August, the state General Services Department told legislators that it was
planning to move forward with a long-discussed plan to construction a
multistory, $25 million government office building on Don Gaspar Avenue across
the street from the Roundhouse. The state Department of Finance and
Administration would move into the new 56,000-square-foot building.

But that would require demolition of four 80-year-old houses owned by the state.
The Santa Fe city government has objected to the demolition of the houses, which
the city has deemed historically significant.

Contact Steve Terrell at sterrell@sfnewmexican.com Read his political blog at
http://tinyurl.com/Roundhouseroundup.

___ (c)2015 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150423-SF-LFC-report-Diminished
-need-for-state-office-projects-0423-20150423

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2015 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                              155 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Record ( Stockton, California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 28, 2015 Saturday

Delta flows may be diminished again

BYLINE: The Record, Stockton, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 306 words


March 28--State and federal water agencies again are seeking permission to
bypass water-quality rules in the Delta in order to hold back more water in
upstream reservoirs while pumping a limited amount south from the estuary.

The plan, which first must be approved by the State Water Resources Control
Board, calls for diminished flows through the Delta and on the San Joaquin River
at Vernalis during the spring and early summer.

Officials also want to allow higher-than-normal salt levels on the San Joaquin
River, among other changes.

The state Department of Water Resources and the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation cite
an "urgent need" given the drought and say the action "should not have an
unreasonable impact to fish and wildlife."

Delta advocates and environmentalists, however, are protesting the changes, much
the same as they did last year and earlier this year.

State studies have shown that Delta fish need more water than required even
under the normal rules. Allowing those rules to be temporarily changed and
providing even less water could push some species to extinction,
environmentalists have said.

The latest proposal also contains no discussion of how a saltier San Joaquin
River could harm agriculture this year, said John Herrick, an attorney for south
Delta farmers.

How to balance competing needs for water during times of scarcity already was
decided when the current rules were written after extensive hearings, Herrick
said in an email Friday. When even the "minimum standards" can't be met, there's
not enough water to export any from the Delta, he wrote, adding that the water
agencies' proposal "continues the same old plan of 'get the water any way, by
any means necessary.' "

___ (c)2015 The Record (Stockton, Calif.) Visit The Record (Stockton, Calif.) at
www.recordnet.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150328-SK-Delta-flows-may-be-diminished-again-0328-20150328

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SK


                           Copyright 2015 The Record


                              156 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                         DiminishedValueAssessment.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.diminishedvalueassessment.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   DiminishedValueAssessment.com was designed and developed by professional
vehicle appraisers to provide a low cost alternative to traditional appraisal
methods. The DVASSESS system for vehicle diminished value assessment takes into
account real world market forces.  Development of the DVASSESS vehicle
diminished value system has been in the works for approximately 4 years. It's
based on having completed over 10,000 vehicle diminished value assessments, Over
250 interviews with vehicle sales managers, wholesalers and auctioneers. We
reviewed information from over 1,000 online consumer surveys that indicated the
consumers attitude with regard to damaged and repaired vehicles and how much
they would pay for them.  There are many things that effect the value of a
vehicle, including; its age, options, mileage, general condition, color,
geographical location, prior damage history, etc. The DVASSESS system takes into
account and provides you with a fast, accurate, immediate, online, diminished
value assessment. Armed with our assessment, vehicle owners all over the United
States are able determine the amount of value their vehicle has lost and to
present their claim and negotiate a fair settlement for the diminished value of
their vehicle.  We understand the difficulties and pitfalls of dealing with
insurance companies. Most people only have to deal with an accident claim once
or twice in their lifetime. Insurance company adjusters deal with them every
single day. But being an inform

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              157 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                  The Dominion Post (Wellington, New Zealand)

                          February 15, 2012 Wednesday

Bird flu most likely to create deadly pandemic

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 333 words


KATE NEWTON

HEALTH

BIRD flu is still the most likely candidate to evolve into a deadly human
pandemic, a Kiwi scientist at the forefront of global flu research says.

Richard Webby, who is based at St Jude Children's Research Hospital in Memphis,
was in Wellington yesterday to speak about new strains of influenza with the
potential to spread from animals to humans.

Although the global H1N1 - or swine flu - pandemic had diminished since its 2009
peak, the risks of animal influenza strains had not diminished "one iota", he
said.

"In the past 12 months alone we have seen multiple confirmed human infections
from three new animal influenza viruses; two from birds and one from pigs."

The H1N1 strain had been transmitted back to pigs and mutated again.

"We wouldn't anticipate a particularly severe disease though [because] as a
population, we would probably have a fair bit of immunity to those viruses."

The real risk came from new flu strains that mutated into a form that could be
transmitted from human to human.

However, it was difficult to predict how dangerous individual strains would be
in humans, Dr Webby said.

Researchers "didn't do so well" with H1N1, which spread rapidly but was nowhere
near as deadly as first expected.

"The most concern still lies with these H5N1 viruses - the bird flu - because of
their capacity to cause disease.

"It tends to be very, very lethal."

Of the nearly 600 humans who have had confirmed bird flu since 2003, 60 per cent
died of the illness.

Researchers had already created bird flu viruses within the lab that had the
ability to spread, Dr Webby said.

"There's a whole other issue with that type of research."

He said New Zealand's geographical isolation would not be enough to protect the
population from a global flu pandemic.

The best chance researchers and governments had of preventing such a pandemic
was to control the viruses in animals to prevent them spreading and mutating, he
said.

"Once it's in humans there's very little we can do in practice to stop it."

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              158 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            January 28, 2013 Monday

HP, eBay and Intuit praised for protecting privacy, but survey finds consumers
fear for their personal information

BYLINE: By Steve Johnson sjohnson@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Business

LENGTH: 615 words


Hewlett-PackardHPQ ),eBayEBAY ) andIntuitINTU ) rank among the top 10 companies
nationally for protecting personal privacy, according to an annual consumer
survey released Monday that also found most respondents feared their privacy
rights are being diminished by social media and other technology.

HP was deemed the second most trusted company for protecting privacy behind
American Express in the study by the Ponemon Institute, which has conducted the
survey annually since 2006. The 6,704 U.S. adults responding to the survey also
ranked eBay ninth and Intuit 10th.

HP and eBay have consistently ranked in the top 10 in every year of the study,
except 2008, when HP placed 16th. Intuit, which also ranked 10th last year,
generally has been in the top 20 in recent years.

Two other Bay Area companies ranking high were Visa, in 18th place, and Mozilla,
which was number 20.

However, the report cautioned that it has found "consumer perceptions about
privacy can be influenced by a number of extraneous factors." Consequently, it
said, "the ratings may not reflect at all the actual privacy practices of the
company and its efforts to protect the personal information of its customers and
employees." Factors that can include such perceptions include the company's
products, advertising and the media coverage they receive, it said.

The study by the Michigan-based Ponemon Institute, which conducts independent
research on privacy and data protection issues, also found consumers feeling
increasingly vulnerable about their personal information.

Fifty-nine percent said they believe their privacy rights are being diminished
by social media, smart mobile devices and "geo-tracking tools," and 55 percent
said those rights have been diminished by "government intrusions."

Forty-nine percent said they had gotten one or more notifications that their
personal data had been breached during the previous 24 months.

Only 35 percent said they believe they have control over their personal
information.

Asked their top privacy concern, 61 percent cited identity theft and 56 percent
said "government surveillance."

Less than one third of the respondents acknowledged paying attention to the
privacy policies of companies or other organizations they deal with, mostly
because "these policies are too long or contain too much legalese."

That so many respondents expressed such worries didn't surprise Paul Stephens,
director of policy and advocacy of the nonprofit Privacy Rights Clearinghouse in
San Diego. Since 2005, when his organization began tracking the subject, he
said, "we have found that almost 607 million records have been breached." That
includes Social Security numbers and medical information, but not less serious
privacy violations, such as email addresses that were inappropriately accessed.

"It is truly a growing problem," Stephens said. "The numbers are absolutely
staggering and unfortunately it does not seem many companies are taking data
breaches very seriously."

The concern is shared by Marc Rotenberg, executive director of the nonprofit
Electronic Privacy Information Center in Washington.

"We think the privacy system in the United States, such as it is, simply isn't
working," he said. "Consumers sense that they are on their own and run a risk
every time they visit a website, download an app or do an Internet search.

Contact Steve Johnson at sjohnson@mercurynews.com or 408-920-5043. Follow him at
Twitter.com/steveatmercnews.Most trusted firms for guarding privacy
1. American Express
2. Hewlett-Packard
3, Amazon
4. IBM
5. U.S. Postal Service
6. Procter & Gamble
7. USAA (United Services Automobile Association)
8. Nationwide
9. eBay
10. Intuit
Source: Ponemon Institute consumer survey

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              159 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            January 28, 2013 Monday

HP, eBay and Intuit praised for protecting privacy, but survey finds consumers
fear for their personal information

BYLINE: By Steve Johnson sjohnson@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Technology; News; Business

LENGTH: 615 words


Hewlett-PackardHPQ ),eBayEBAY ) andIntuitINTU ) rank among the top 10 companies
nationally for protecting personal privacy, according to an annual consumer
survey released Monday that also found most respondents feared their privacy
rights are being diminished by social media and other technology.

HP was deemed the second most trusted company for protecting privacy behind
American Express in the study by the Ponemon Institute, which has conducted the
survey annually since 2006. The 6,704 U.S. adults responding to the survey also
ranked eBay ninth and Intuit 10th.

HP and eBay have consistently ranked in the top 10 in every year of the study,
except 2008, when HP placed 16th. Intuit, which also ranked 10th last year,
generally has been in the top 20 in recent years.

Two other Bay Area companies ranking high were Visa, in 18th place, and Mozilla,
which was number 20.

However, the report cautioned that it has found "consumer perceptions about
privacy can be influenced by a number of extraneous factors." Consequently, it
said, "the ratings may not reflect at all the actual privacy practices of the
company and its efforts to protect the personal information of its customers and
employees." Factors that can include such perceptions include the company's
products, advertising and the media coverage they receive, it said.

The study by the Michigan-based Ponemon Institute, which conducts independent
research on privacy and data protection issues, also found consumers feeling
increasingly vulnerable about their personal information.

Fifty-nine percent said they believe their privacy rights are being diminished
by social media, smart mobile devices and "geo-tracking tools," and 55 percent
said those rights have been diminished by "government intrusions."

Forty-nine percent said they had gotten one or more notifications that their
personal data had been breached during the previous 24 months.

Only 35 percent said they believe they have control over their personal
information.

Asked their top privacy concern, 61 percent cited identity theft and 56 percent
said "government surveillance."

Less than one third of the respondents acknowledged paying attention to the
privacy policies of companies or other organizations they deal with, mostly
because "these policies are too long or contain too much legalese."

That so many respondents expressed such worries didn't surprise Paul Stephens,
director of policy and advocacy of the nonprofit Privacy Rights Clearinghouse in
San Diego. Since 2005, when his organization began tracking the subject, he
said, "we have found that almost 607 million records have been breached." That
includes Social Security numbers and medical information, but not less serious
privacy violations, such as email addresses that were inappropriately accessed.

"It is truly a growing problem," Stephens said. "The numbers are absolutely
staggering and unfortunately it does not seem many companies are taking data
breaches very seriously."

The concern is shared by Marc Rotenberg, executive director of the nonprofit
Electronic Privacy Information Center in Washington.

"We think the privacy system in the United States, such as it is, simply isn't
working," he said. "Consumers sense that they are on their own and run a risk
every time they visit a website, download an app or do an Internet search.

Contact Steve Johnson at sjohnson@mercurynews.com or 408-920-5043. Follow him at
Twitter.com/steveatmercnews.

Most trusted firms for guarding privacy

1. American Express
2. Hewlett-Packard
3, Amazon
4. IBM
5. U.S. Postal Service
6. Procter & Gamble
7. USAA (United Services Automobile Association)
8. Nationwide
9. eBay
10. Intuit
Source: Ponemon Institute consumer survey

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A HP Invent logo is pictured in front of Hewlett-Packard international
offices in Meyrin near Geneva in this August 4, 2009, file photo.
Hewlett-Packard Co said on November 20, 2012, it took an $8.8 billion charge
related to its acquisition of software firm Autonomy, citing "serious accounting
improprieties," as it swung to a fourth-quarter loss. REUTERS/Denis
Balibouse/Files

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              160 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            August 10, 2006 Thursday

Psychologist says Frazier is impaired

BYLINE: Kelli Phillips, CONTRA COSTA TIMES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 585 words


Robert Frazier has a diminished capacity to communicate, learn from his
experiences and control his impulses, a psychologist testified Wednesday.

"Based on my experience with him, he definitely has a diminished capacity to
assist his attorneys in his defense," Gretchen White said during the penalty
phase of Frazier's trial.

In June, a jury convicted Frazier, 42, of first-degree murder, rape and sodomy
in the 2003 death of Kathleen Aiello-Loreck, who was attacked on a noontime walk
on a Concord canal-side trail.

During the penalty phase, the jury must decide whether he should receive the
death penalty or life in prison without the possibility of parole.

The jury heard testimony Wednesday from White, psychologist Stephen Seligman and
Frazier's best friend from elementary school.

Early in the proceedings, Frazier spoke to the judge and demanded a mistrial,
which Judge John Minney denied. He also tried to slip a note to prosecutor John
Cope while his defense attorney, Wendy Downing, was questioning the former
schoolmate. A bailiff confiscated the note and gave it to the judge, but the
contents were not made public.

On Tuesday, Frazier's mother, Barbara Tinsley, testified that she was duped into
giving custody of 7-month-old "Bobby" to her former in-laws. Frazier learned at
age 15 that his parents were actually his paternal grandparents.

Stephen Seligman, a clinical psychologist with the Infant-Parent Program at the
University of California Medical Center in San Francisco, testified that losing
a loved one can have a traumatic affect on children, even small infants.

When a child's loving caregiver, most commonly the mother, is removed from their
life it can have long term effects on the child, he said especially if there
isn't a substitute for the love and affection.

"When babies are mistreated or neglected, there are serious consequences,"
Seligman said. "They're hard to comfort, they have a tendency to get mixed up
and over a period of time and they become less able to regulate themselves with
what's right and what's wrong. Their development is be impaired."

During cross examination, Cope asked Seligman if had done any of his own
research or if he relied on the information and reports given to him by the
defense. "I didn't have any other sources of information," he said.

The defense has tried to show that the family Frazier grew up with -- his
grandparents, father and uncle -- weren't emotionally involved in his life and
that he was verbally, physically and sexually abused during his childhood.

Jeff Triolo met "Crazy Bob" in the fourth-grade at an elementary school in
Tinley Park, Ill. The two were loners, he testified, and they developed a
friendship that lasted several years. He told the jury that Frazier often spent
the night at his house to avoid the abuse he received at home.

"He didn't get any love in that house. He was burden to them," Triolo said.

The Indiana carpenter said Frazier began sniffing gasoline and abusing alcohol
when they where teenagers. Once, while high on gasoline fumes, Triolo said
Frazier confessed his uncle was abusing him. "He said his uncle's been touching
him, he was upset and crying," Triolo testified. "He told me not to tell
anybody. That's not something we talked about back then."

White, who has conducted competency hearings for criminal cases in Contra Costa,
said she tried to interview Frazier.

"It's like trying to keep a car on the road without a steering wheel," she said.

Reach Kelli Phillips at 925-945-4782 or kphillips2@cctimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              161 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                     The Prairie Post (White City, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 15, 2013

From the Barbers Chair

BYLINE: The Prairie Post staff

LENGTH: 1025  words


If you stand at the Huffak-er family plot in Greenwood Cemetery you may hear the
marble stones whisper a story of heartache. But they cannot fully express the
sorrows that encompassed Thomas and Eliza Huffaker.

Thomas Sears Huffaker was born in 1825 in Clay County Missouri. In 1849 he moved
to Westport, Missouri, to take over a government school for Indians. A short
time after he was transferred to Shawnee Mission and by 1850 had found his way
to Council Grove where he and H. W. Webster were contracted to manage the new
mission built by the Methodist Episcopal Church. Huffaker was to manage the
school and Webster the farm that was attached to the school. The Kaw Indians
were to get educated in white man's bookwork as well as husbandry. The Kaw
didn't take to white man's ways with as much gusto as the whites would have
liked. Most of the Kaw that attended the school were young orphaned boys. Due to
the lack of attendance and the cost of operation the mission was closed in 1854.
The Huffaker family continued to live in the stone mission while Thomas dabbled
in sundry occupations over the years.

A bit of history concerning Thomas has often gone overlooked in our local
history, but if you look closely you can find it. I have no intention to vilify
Huffaker, but I do wish to humanize him. We often have a romanticized and almost
heroic vision of Huffaker, but he was ambitious like many other townsmen and he
did what he could to better his own situation as well as that of the town at the
expense of the Kaw.

William E. Unrau in his book The Kaw People gives Huffaker most of the credit
for the Treaty of 1859-60 which diminished Kaw land. He, as well as other
merchants in Council Grove, extended so much credit to the Kaw that they could
never repay it. Consequently, the Kaw had no choice but to accept the terms of
the treaty which diminished their reservation from 256,000 acres to 176,000
acres. This moved the Kaw reservation line south of Council Grove which prior to
the treaty had been unlawfully established on Kaw land. Then in 1862 Huffaker
treated with the Kaw again and personally obtained title to 320 acres of some of
the best land adjoining Council Grove.

A delegation of Kaw that went to Washington D.C. gave a less than favorable
report on Huffaker. They essentially said he was a bad missionary that 'didn't
teach anything' and that he made 50 Kaw children work in fields 'the size of
Washington.' These accusations were supported by agent Montgomery who wrote to
his superiors in St. Louis that Huffaker "does all in his power consistent with
personal interest to get the Indians to leave their country, for he expects to
reap a benefit when the Indians are treated with, as he later told me." This led
to an investigation on March 12th 1862 when Huffaker admitted to Morris County
Justice of the Peace John Dodd that he had extended nearly $1,500 in credit to
the Kaw while serving as Methodist teacher at the mission.

In spite of all this less than desirable report, Thomas was evidently a very
well respected man in Council Grove. This is evident in John Maloy's History of
Morris County because Maloy never alludes to Huffaker's involvement in the great
Kaw swindle. Maloy points the finger at Alfred B. Greenwood (for whom Greenwood
County is named), Milton Dickey and Robert Stevens. In 1858 the Town Company of
Council Grove was made with Thomas Huffaker, Christopher Columbia, Seth Hays and
Hiram Northrup being the incorporators. So, Huffaker was also in a position to
manipulate the Kaw in favor of the town company.

Eliza Baker, born in 1836, came to Council Grove about 1850, along with her
mother Agnes and two brothers (one being Arthur Baker) and her sister and her
husband Emanuel Mosier. After Eliza's father Joshua Baker had died, the family
moved from the Sac and Fox Reservation (present Osage and Franklin Counties)
where both her father and brother were employed as blacksmiths, to what would
eventually become Morris County. In fact, Cutler's History of the State of
Kansas states that the first house in Council Grove, beside Hays' cabin, was
built by the Bakers.

Eliza married Thomas Huffaker May 6th 1852. This is recorded as the first
marriage performed in Council Grove. Then, on March 31st of 1853 Thomas
purchased a 30 year old Negro woman named Cynthia for $600. We have no further
information on Cynthia; whether Thomas freed her, or whether she remained here
and is buried in some unmarked grave. She may have served as a housekeeper at
the Kaw mission. Sometime after 1855 Eliza's mother Agnes was employed at the
Kaw Mission as a housekeeper.

Thomas and Eliza's first child was Susan Huffaker, born on the 4th of July,
1853. Susie is credited for being the first white child born in Council Grove;
not to be confused with the first white child born in Morris County, which was
Lucy Columbia in 1852. It has been related elsewhere how 19 year old Susie
Huffaker drowned in the swollen Neosho River on the night of May 14th 1872. The
draped column that marks her grave gives nothing more than her name and age and
the verse 'Let God do His work.' There was no need for the birth and death dates
to be etched in the marble because both events were deeply engraved upon the
memory of Thomas and Eliza.

Along with Susie was Eliza's sister-in-law, Annis Baker Somers, who had ten
years prior lost her husband Arthur at the hands of Bill Anderson and his men,
of which we have also previously read. After the murder of Arthur, the burning
of the home and store, Annis came to live with her in-laws, the Huffakers, in
Council Grove. Eliza's brother Arthur had also lost his first wife Susan, so
Eliza was no stranger to tragedy and sorrow.

The Huffakers had twelve children born to them, to the best of my research. From
first to last are Susie, Mary, Aggie, George, Fannie, Clara, Anna, Annie,
Claudine, Homer, Charles and Carl J. The Huffakers lost at least three more
children beside Susie. The fifth bora, Fanny Marvin, died at the age of 23 in
1885. They lost their sixth born, Clara, in 1865 at only a year and a half old.
Then they lost Claudine in 1876 before she reached her 4th birthday.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Guest Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TPP

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2013 The Prairie Post


                              162 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                            September 1, 2013 Sunday

Malcontent in the middle

BYLINE: joel kotkin Register columnist, The Orange County Register

SECTION: COMMENTARY; Pg. H

LENGTH: 1248 words



HIGHLIGHT: Organized labor, potent only in government, can't - or won't - do
much to improve mobility for the middle and working classes.


In political terms, these are the best of times for organized labor, but for
those Americans that unions profess to represent - minorities, noncollege
graduates, lower-income earners - it's the worst of times since the Great
Depression. On the positive side, organized labor has its friends in the White
House and the bureaucracies, and, along with the powerful green lobby and
Silicon Valley, have established a veritable stranglehold on politics in such
key states as New York, Illinois and California.

On the other hand, unions have been dealt major setbacks in such traditional
strongholds as Wisconsin, Michigan, Indiana and Ohio. Threats to public union
worker pensions, in bankrupt Detroit and elsewhere, compound these worries. This
defensive posture has kept labor - and the more traditional Left - from opposing
President Obama's policies, even if middle- and working-class incomes remain
stagnant and at well below prerecession levels.

One longtime labor organizer told me that the threat of "perceived demonic
right-wing" assaults makes them accept the president's "pivot" to helping the
middle class as significant, even if they know it is more likely to result in
traveling than addressing the fundamental issues. "Labor has lost the ability to
deal with the big-picture issues," this laborite explained, "We know Obama talks
about building the economy up, but he doesn't do anything that really makes a
difference. There's no prospect for a new New Deal or even a Great Society."

Shrinking ranks

Labor's increasingly narrow agenda reflects its diminished role in our society.
About 12 percent of workers are union members, down from 20 percent in 1983,
according to federal data. In the private sector, the plunge has been even
steeper: Union membership has dropped from 17 percent in 1983 to 7 percent
today. It is now at the lowest level in 97 years. Virtually all gains in union
membership, in California and elsewhere, have been in the public or nonprofit
(hospitals, home-care) sectors.

So, with organized labor largely silenced, and representing a diminished portion
of the workforce, who really speaks for the beleaguered middle and working
classes? Right now, there are lots of pretenders - ranging from Tea Party
activists to New York's left-wing mayoral aspirant Bill de Blasio. But, to date,
no one seems to have figured out a program that can lift the nation's majority
out of its long-term funk.

Some of this has to do with the changing nature of the economy. With most of the
economy tied to services, and the higher-end economy dominated by technology,
there are few places amenable to sustained long-term unionization. At the same
time fierce competition from abroad, and among the states, undermine attempts to
keep wages up, and, overall, preserve the middle class.

To be fair, President Obama did not create these conditions, but his policies
have, if anything, tended to make things worse. For the first part, he failed to
use the 2009 stimulus bill on what would have made a difference, a Works
Progress Administration program that would have sent legions of unemployed and
underemployed blue-collar workers out fixing our roads and bridges.

Instead he simply bailed out the public employee unions, while feathering the
nests of crony capitalist supporters, most notably in the "green" energy sector.
In effect, Obama's "new" Left coalition blends support for solidly anti-union
Silicon Valley and well-placed crony corporations like General Electric that now
serve as the Democrats' financial base.

Rich getting richer

Equally damaging has been the administration's reliance on Ben Bernanke's
policies, which have led to stunning inflation of assets - stocks and now real
estate - that has benefited overwhelmingly the wealthiest sectors in America.
After all, who owns most of the property and stocks? In Obama's America, the
wealthy - at least the top 7 percent, but particularly the so-called 1 percent -
are thriving while everyone else continues to get pummeled, notes a recent Pew
study.

In this recovery, even much of the work being generated tends to be in very-low
paid, frequently part-time work in retail, hospitality and personal services.
Meanwhile, full-time employment remains well below prerecession levels, and the
army of the long-term unemployed continues to swell to the highest percentage of
the workforce since the Great Depression.

Overall, just 270,000 net new full-time jobs have been created in 4 1/2 years
but nearly 2 million part-time positions. More than 2 percent fewer Americans,
relative to the population, are employed full time than at the beginning of the
Obama presidency, while dependency on government assistance remains at record
levels. One reason: Many of these part-time workers qualify to receive food
stamps, a cohort now at a historic high.

Most critical, prospects for the next generation - the millennials - remain poor
at least for the foreseeable future. As many as half of American
information-technology graduates, notes a recent Economic Policy Institute
study, are having a hard time finding steady work in their field. As for the
mass-produced degrees in women's studies, post-modernist literature and, of
course, law, they no longer serve as tickets to the upper-middle class;
sometimes they constitute little more than calling cards for
far-less-prestigious work.

Anti-job policies

Given its marriage to the administration, organized labor seems incapable of
mounting an effort to reverse, or even slow, these trends. Instead, unions
increasingly have become prisoners of their alliance with progressives who
follow anti-growth, high-energy-price policies. These, in turn, threaten many
well-paying middle- and working-class jobs in fields like manufacturing, trade,
home construction and traditional fossil-fuel energy.

Despite this, Obama and his allies can continue to play the class-warfare card
because Republicans have proposed little that promises to help middle-class
families. Traditional libertarian approaches, although free from Obama-style
crony capitalism, tend to defend wealth in general and disdain the realities of
our growing class divides. Support for "job creators" is all well and good, but
little attention is given to the notion that work should pay better than
welfare, something no longer the case in most of our states.

What is needed, instead, is a new kind of liberal party or policy agenda that,
rather than making common cause with the gentry class, seeks to increase the
prospects of middle- and working-class families. As Harry Truman noted: "There
should be a real liberal party in this country, and I don't mean a crackpot
professional one."

This new party would favor economic growth that is broad-based and recognizes
government as helping people achieve greater self-sufficiency instead of
continued dependency. It would seek out economic growth that would help the
beleaguered middle and working classes, not just those politically privileged
sectors, such as public employee unions and crony capitalists.

Americans of whatever political orientation need to understand that class
mobility - the essence of Labor Day - deserves to be a priority concern of the
governing class. Until that is the case, all the hot dogs and beer consumed the
first Monday in September will be less a cause for celebration than for
indigestion.

Register opinion columnist Joel Kotkin is R.C. Hobbs Professor of Urban Studies
at Chapman University. He is executive editor

of www.newgeography.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MCT illustration

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              163 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                            November 26, 2004 Friday

Big 12 South figure to get even better

BYLINE: Kirk Bohls, AMERICAN-STATESMAN STAFF

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 687 words


A serious memo to Texas fans: Root for the Aggies. Raise a hullabaloo over their
caneck, caneck. Go ahead, pet Reveille.

Just not today.

Any other time, pull for Texas A&M to be very good, if only because it's the
smart, self-serving thing to do. Hope Dennis Franchione's team whips up on
Arizona State in the Holiday Bowl. Applaud the Aggies whenever they beat
Clemson, Wyoming or maybe even Baylor.

When they don't beat the Bears, feel very, very bad. Nothing personal, Baylor.
We're just into the Marxist socialist thinking of the overall good.

A diminished A&M makes for a diminished Big 12 product, which can only hurt
Texas' standing in the national spotlight, not to mention those treacherous BCS
rankings.

One thing is clear in today's college football world. A team can be guilty by
association. Utah barely overcame the reputation of its Mountain West brethren
-- the Utes' weakness-of-schedule was ranked 94th -- to become the first BCS
have-not to have an excellent shot at a big bowl. Generic just beat General
Electric.

The Longhorns get it. They'd prefer the Aggies go 10-1 every year with a
Thanksgiving week loss than go winless.

"I wouldn't wish anybody to go winless," UT defensive tackle Rod Wright said.
"I'm glad they're a better team. I like big competition."

Who doesn't?

A&M has become very good very quickly, upgrading a shabby run defense and
developing Reggie McNeal into a first-rate quarterback who has thrown just two
interceptions this season. That's a quarter's work for Texas' Vince Young.

This afternoon, however, the downhill running tandem of Young and Cedric Benson
should wear down the Aggies enough to parlay a supreme effort into a 34-27 win.

Such a result would leave Texas at 10-1, a hair behind 11-0 Oklahoma -- OK,
Johnny Damon's hair -- and still superior to 7-4 A&M. But the Aggies are coming
on fast and have 17 commitments toward a strong February recruiting class that
should bring them closer to the Sooners' and Longhorns' level. The talent gap is
certainly narrowing.

In fact, with OU relying heavily on a senior class with 13 starters, including
its top four receivers, Bob Stoops' bunch should have a dropoff next fall.
There's even a chance they won't be a preseason top-10 team, especially after
ESPN's conspirators gather at their grassy knoll conclave next August.

Texas and A&M, on the other hand, will say goodbye today to just seven senior
starters apiece. Hello, 2005.

The recruiting base in Texas would definitely support three killer programs. But
is there room for three powerhouses in the same division of the same conference?
That can be dicey.

"I guess it depends on your definition of a powerhouse," said Darrell Royal, who
then added, "and you have the other Oklahoma team."

Oklahoma State is certainly a team on the rise. And Texas Tech has the nation's
most underappreciated program. The combination of the five has enriched the
toughest division in the country.

The Big 12 South is on a par with the Southeastern Conference's East Division,
where Tennessee, Florida and Georgia do battle. All three of those have won
national championships in the past 25 years -- the Vols in 1998 and the Gators
in 1996 -- and all are consistently nationally ranked.

But they also knock each other off. In the past 20 seasons, all three SEC teams
were in the final Top 25 just nine times. Over that same span, the three Florida
schools playing in different leagues were all ranked at season's end 15 times.

OU, Texas and A&M could become the new Miami-FSU-Florida triangle. That trio has
celebrated a remarkable eight national championships since 1982 and five in the
past 13 years.

"I think it's good for this state and this league," Texas Coach Mack Brown said
of a strong A&M. "R.C. (Slocum, former Aggies coach) and I used to talk about
Florida, Florida State and Miami and how they have such a presence nationally.
If we have good games, kids will want to stay in state and play in this game.

"I think it's realistic for all three of us to be good programs. I think all
three teams should win and win big."

Three powerhouses? We'll see.

kbohls@statesman.com

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 The Austin American Statesman


                              164 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           August 21, 2002 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Crude Oil Climbs Above $30 a Barrel

BYLINE: Kenneth Bredemeier, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. E01

LENGTH: 692 words


The price of crude oil rose above $ 30 a barrel yesterday for the first time in
15 months as traders worried about how a U.S. war with Iraq would affect the
flow of oil from the Middle East.

As the market for September deliveries closed, the price of oil on the New York
Mercantile Exchange reached $ 30.11 a barrel for West Texas Intermediate, a
light, sweet crude. It was the highest price since it reached $ 29.98 on May 21,
2001. The 10-year high was $ 37.80 in September 2000.

Analysts attributed part of the 17 percent price rise over the last two months
to a combination of seasonally diminished oil stocks held by U.S. oil companies
and increasing demand for oil as the world's economies incrementally improve.
But they said the fear of war in Iraq has helped boost crude prices as much as
any factor.

"Oil is a very market-driven thing, a very worldwide market in crude oil," said
Sheryl Kaufman, chief economist for Phillips Petroleum Co. in Bartlesville,
Okla. "So when there's tension in the world, then there's an effect in the
entire worldwide price."

The flow of Iraqi oil has diminished in recent months as U.S. and foreign oil
companies have cut their purchases through middleman agents on concerns that the
supply could dry up altogether if the United States invades Iraq in an effort to
oust President Saddam Hussein. As a result, Iraqi production has been reduced to
fewer than 1 million barrels a day -- a small part of the worldwide consumption
of about 78 million barrels.

"It's a small fraction, but at the margin it can have an effect on prices,"
Kaufman said, "and there's always a chance of some sort of [oil] shipping
disruption."

The price of crude oil accounts for about 40 percent of the price for gasoline
that motorists pay at service stations. Prolonged higher crude prices would
almost certainly boost gas prices for consumers, but as yet higher oil prices
have not done so.

AAA said yesterday that the current national average price of a gallon of
unleaded regular is $ 1.40, almost the same as it has been throughout the spring
and summer. In the Washington area, the average is $ 1.42. The highest average
is in Hawaii at $ 1.72; the lowest is in Georgia at $ 1.25.

John Lichtblau, chairman of the Petroleum Industry Research Foundation, said
"there are economic factors and fear factors" that have generated the higher
crude prices in the past two months.

"The demand will increase because the economies will improve and oil companies
will stock up [their reserves] for the winter, but what are we going to do about
Iraq?" he asked. "Not even the president knows. If we did go into Iraq, it would
raise prices, no doubt."

Lichtblau said any shutoff in Iraqi production "could be easily made up" by
other oil-producing U.S. allies "if there are no other problems," or by tapping
into the U.S. Strategic Petroleum Reserve in Louisiana and Texas. "There's some
spare capacity in Mexico and Venezuela," he added.

He described the price of $ 30-plus for a barrel as "an alarm, a signal
symbolically, a high price but not an explosive price," noting that it is 11.5
percent higher than it was a year ago. Barring a U.S. invasion of Iraq, oil
prices will stay in the high $ 20s a barrel, he predicted.

Moreover, Lichtblau said the higher price of oil now does not have the same
effect on the national economy as it had 10 to 20 years ago. He noted that oil
consumption in the United States rose 17 percent from 1991 to 2001 while the
economy, as measured by the gross domestic product, climbed 40 percent.

John Felmy, chief economist at the American Petroleum Institute, said further
changes in the price of crude, either up or down, will largely depend on "how
well the economy will perform, how much consumers spend and whether they're
flying or driving."

"There is demand growth for petroleum products, but it's weak," he said.

Felmy said U.S. oil companies' crude oil reserves, which had been dropping for
two weeks, increased in the week ending Friday to 302.3 million barrels, from
295.6 million barrels a week earlier. Moreover, he said, the reserves at the
moment are slightly higher than a year ago.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                              165 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             August 29, 2011 Monday

Irene charges into New England; 19 dead

LENGTH: 275 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK, Aug. 29 -- Hurricane Irene left behind a stunned US East Coast. At
least 19 people died and severe flooding was widespread. About four million
homes and businesses were without electricity.

As waves continued to pound the shores east and north of America s biggest city,
New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg lifted the evacuation order for 370,000
people in low-lying areas. Irene sent seawater surging into lower Manhattan s
streets, but the city appeared to escape the worst fears of urban disaster vast
power outages, hurricane-shattered skyscraper windows and severe flooding.

There was no immediate indication when New York might start its subways again,
but the New York Stock Exchange was ready to open for trading Monday.

New England residents were feeling the brunt of the diminished but
still-dangerous storm, which will cause flooding and winds that could topple
many towering trees anchored in soil already saturated by earlier heavy rains.
The storm was expected to move over eastern Canada by Sunday night.

In Massachusetts, the National Guard had to help people evacuate. The ski resort
town of Wilmington, Vermont, was flooded, but nobody could get to it because
both state roads leading there were underwater.

Forecasters said Irene, while diminished in strength, was still massive and
powerful, with powerful winds extending hundreds of miles (kilometers) from the
center. Early damage estimates were in the billions of dollars Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to
this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              166 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 23, 2013 Tuesday

Washington: Predicting the likelihood of altered streamflows at ungauged rivers
across the conterminous United States

LENGTH: 320  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Geological Survey, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:


An approach is presented in this study to aid water-resource managers in
characterizing streamflow alteration at ungauged rivers. Such approaches can be
used to take advantage of the substantial amounts of biological data collected
at ungauged rivers to evaluate the potential ecological consequences of altered
streamflows. National-scale random forest statistical models are developed to
predict the likelihood that ungauged rivers have altered streamflows (relative
to expected natural condition) for five hydrologic metrics (HMs) representing
different aspects of the streamflow regime.

The models use human disturbance variables, such as number of dams and road
density, to predict the likelihood of streamflow alteration. For each HM,
separate models are derived to predict the likelihood that the observed metric
is greater than ('inflated') or less than ('diminished') natural conditions. The
utility of these models is demonstrated by applying them to all river segments
in the South Platte River in Colorado, USA, and for all 10-digit hydrologic
units in the conterminous United States. In general, the models successfully
predicted the likelihood of alteration to the five HMs at the national scale as
well as in the South Platte River basin. However, the models predicting the
likelihood of diminished HMs consistently outperformed models predicting
inflated HMs, possibly because of fewer sites across the conterminous United
States where HMs are inflated. The results of these analyses suggest that the
primary predictors of altered streamflow regimes across the Nation are (i) the
residence time of annual runoff held in storage in reservoirs, (ii) the degree
of urbanization measured by road density and (iii) the extent of agricultural
land cover in the river basin.

For more information please visit: http://pubs.er.usgs.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              167 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 12, 2014 Friday

In Touch: SAVI helps those with low vision, blindness

BYLINE: Suzi Bartholomy, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 883 words


Dec. 12--Several years ago, three men with different stages of blindness came
together and formed Support Alliance of the Visually Impaired Inc.

SAVI's mission is to inform its members about assistive technology, ways to
enhance independent living and make friends with other visually-impaired adults.

Fifteen members of the group gathered Tuesday afternoon at Wing Avenue Baptist
Church for a Christmas potluck and their monthly meeting.

When the church pastor, the Rev. Anthony Cobb, learned of the support group, he
invited them to meet at his church.

Cobb also benefits from the organization. In 2012, he developed an infection
that led to diminished sight. He uses an iPad and software that enlarges type
when writing his sermons and reading the Bible.

Founding member Rick Boggess, 60, has been blind since birth and is the most
knowledgeable about the services and technology available to help people without
eyesight or diminished sight.

Boggess taught special education and visually-impaired students in Owensboro and
Daviess County systems from 1978 to 2011.

"Rick is our catalyst and our leader," said Bill Roberts, who lost his ability
to see in 2007 when he suffered cardiac arrest during surgery. The optic nerves
in both his eyes were permanently damaged.

"Everybody has a story, that's why we're involved in this organization," Roberts
said. "There are people out there who are just like I was," not knowing where to
turn, Roberts said.

When Roberts met Boggess and Scott Heads, they looked for a support group for
the visually impaired but found there was none.

"We put the word out, not too successfully," Boggess said, but they are
gradually increasing their numbers. Boggess estimated there are 20 to 25 members
of SAVI.

After the group was named, it dawned on them that the acronym sounded like
savvy, which means shrewd, astute and sharp-witted.

When a person loses his or her vision, all of the above come in handy.

One of SAVI's purposes is to inform its members about what is available to them.
Boggess is up on the latest gadgets to help with daily life. Members also have
information on the state and national organizations devoted to people who are
visually impaired.

Heads, 48, also knows about helpful aids. For a number of years, he had
diminished sight and was told he would never drive a car. Before he became
blind, he drove with the assistance of a bioptic telescope mounted on his
glasses that allowed him to see distances.

He's also used large type on computer screens for his work as a draftsman and
architect. "At times, I had three jobs," he said. He was a self-employed
architect, and in between projects, he was custodian at Owensboro Catholic High
School.

"I could have collected disability, but I preferred to earn a living," Heads
said.

Several of the members have diabetes, which contributed to their loss of sight.
The youngest of the group, John Locher, 43, has diminished sight and has had
diabetes since childhood. He was there with his mother, Chris, who is also
diabetic and suffers from macular degeneration. A stroke took the sight in her
left eye.

Her son has had a rough five years. In 2009, on his way home from his job in
Evansville, his vision began to blur.  In 2013, he had kidney and pancreatic
transplants and has been on dialysis.

"The transplants have stopped the progress of diabetes," John Locher said.

"I feel pretty good now after being sick for so long," he said. "I take one day
at a time."

Locher said the group is comforting. Everyone knows what the other is feeling,
he said.

Heads said he thinks his role is to bolster his fellow members with "been there"
advice.

On Tuesday, Patricia Buchanan was attending her second meeting. She joined after
meeting Roberts at a local restaurant.

She has diminished sight and saw Roberts reading at his table with a special
magnifying glass. "I asked him where he got it and he told me about SAVI," she
said.

"My vision loss is due to a heart medication," Buchanan said. "I was told it
affects 10 percent of the people who take it.

"I'm legally blind and can't drive," Buchanan said. "I come here to talk to
people with the same problems I have."

Someone who has recently lost vision may not know of the advances in technology
specific to the sight-challenged.

Heads listed several aids. He said one of the first things is to learn how to
fold money. A different fold for each denomination when putting them in a
billfold enables the user to pull out the right one when it's needed.

He doesn't think there are many who would take advantage of a blind person, but
there are some, he said.

"There are also money readers," he said. They scan a bill and tell what it is.
He also mentioned pill bottles that talk.

They tell when it time to take medication and if it has already been taken. they
tell that too, he said.

SAVI members try to take away some of the fear sightless people may have by
sharing their knowledge, offering friendship and assistance.

"That's what this group is all about," Roberts said.

For more information contact Rick Boggess at 270-684-4418 or Bill Roberts at
270-485-8170.

Suzi Bartholomy, 691-7293, sbartholomy@messenger-inquirer.com

___ (c)2014 the Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Ky.) Visit the Messenger-Inquirer
(Owensboro, Ky.) at www.messenger-inquirer.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141212-OW-In-Touch-SAVI-helps-those-with-low-vision-blindness-1212-20141212

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2014 Messenger-Inquirer


                              168 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                              July 14, 2006 Friday
                                 Ulster Edition

Barbaro faces fight for life

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 53

LENGTH: 300 words


INJURED Kentucky Derby winner Barbaro has developed a life-threatening case of
laminitis.

The Dynaformer colt shattered his right hind leg in the Preakness Stakes in May
but he had been making good progress after undergoing surgery.

However, Barbaro began to show signs of discomfort at the University of
Pennsylvania's New Bolton Center and vet Dean Richardson said the colt's
prognosis had diminished since the discovery of the condition in his uninjured
left hind foot.

"The prognosis is significantly diminished by this complication,'' he told www.
thoroughbredtimes. com "I really thought we were going to make it two weeks ago.

"Today, I cannot be as confident, which for me is unusual. (It's) as bad as it
can be.

"If he starts acting like he doesn't want to stand on the leg, that's it, that's
when we quit.''

Richardson emphasised that the colt's owners Roy and Gretchen Jackson are only
concerned with Barbaro's comfort.

He added: "It's a very bad situation right now for the Jacksons. I want to
emphasise that this is hard for us but it's much worse for them.

"I get second guessed all the time about how we've done everything.

"That's understandable. That's the nature of what I do.

"But the Jacksons are going to be second guessed because if we quit now, people
will say we quit too early. And if we quit later, people will say we quit too
late.

"The reality is we're doing the best we can to make the appropriate judgement.''

n ROYAL Ascot winner I'm So Lucky and Haydock third Star Of Light are disputing
favouritism for Saturday's 47th John Smith's Cup at York.

The Mark Johnston-trained I'm So Lucky was a game winner of the Wolferton
Handicap at last month's Royal meeting while Brian Meehan is handing a quick
reappearance to Star Of Light after he finished third in last week's Old Newton
Cup.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Century Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              169 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Virginia Lawyers Weekly

                           September 13, 2010 Monday

Verdicts & Settlements September 13, 2010: Patient's death blamed on delay in
treatment

BYLINE: Virginia Lawyers Weekly

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 738  words


$150,000 Settlement Decedent, a 77-year-old female, died in the Williamsburg
Community Hospital of a ventricular tachycardiac arrhythmia. Plaintiff alleged
that the defendant cardiologist and emergency room group failed to treat her in
a timely fashion.

Decedent had a prosthetic heart valve installed several years prior to her
death. In May 2000, she developed a MRSA infection on the prosthetic heart valve
(endocarditis) that required Vancomycin and several other powerful antibiotics.

She was transferred from Williamsburg Community Hospital to the Medical College
of Virginia, received antibiotic treatment, suffered an atrial fibrillation, but
made a satisfactory recovery and was then transferred to the care of her
cardiologist in Williamsburg to oversee home health care nurses who provided
daily intravenous antibiotics. The antibiotics caused decreased kidney function.
She also suffered from heart failure and required diuretics. As a result of the
diminished kidney function and a potassium sparing diuretic that she received,
her potassium levels rose.

On June 27, 2000, she went to the emergency department at the hospital
complaining of weakness and heart palpitations. The ER physician determined that
she had bigeminy (extra heart beats that are irregular), that her heart rate was
elevated potassium level at 6 (normal 3.5-5) and that she was acidotic. She also
had elevated blood urea nitrogen (BUN) and creatine levels. The ER physician
contacted defendant cardiologist to discuss admission. They agreed to admit the
decedent to the defendant cardiologist's care in the medical-surgical unit
instead of the telemetry floor where constant EKG would monitor her heart
rhythm.

Once on the floor, decedent began to exhibit abnormal vital signs, diminished
blood pressure and tachycardia. The cardiologist was contacted by the nurse and
advised of vital sign changes and an EKG was ordered. That EKG indicated
ventricular tachycardia, a rhythm that, if left untreated, could result in
disorganized heart beat and diminished circulation.

Nurses notified the cardiologist and advised that there was a rapid heart rate
and that the decedent felt very bad. He gave an order to transfer her to
telemetry. The nurses were preparing the decedent for telemetry, but before she
was moved, 45 minutes after contacting the doctor, decedent arrested, code was
called, and she died.

Plaintiff alleged that the decedent should have been admitted to telemetry
initially and that potassium levels should have been treated. Plaintiff further
alleged that the defendant cardiologist failed to come to the bedside
immediately after being advised of the tachycardia.

Defendant cardiologist claimed that the ER physician failed to advise him that
the decedent had heart palpitations and of the arrhythmia and bigeminy when she
was admitted.

Plaintiff's experts indicated that ventricular tachycardia could have been
converted to a normal rate either by counter electric shock or medications or
both and that the potassium level should have been lowered by appropriate
medicine.

Defendant's experts contended that the decedent was very ill and that the life
expectancy was no more than a few hours and, at the most, weeks. She had a MRSA
infection on the prosthetic valve, she was in heart failure and had many
co-morbidities. They contended that she most likely would have died irrespective
of proper care on the day she was admitted.

The parties settled the case the day before trial.

Type of action: Medical malpractice - wrongful death Name of case: Rex Bown,
Administrator of the Estate of Artis Bowen, deceased v. The Williamsburg
Community Hosptial Inc. t/a Williamsburg Community Hospital, now known as
Sentara Williamsburg Community Hospital, Williamsburg Emergency Physicians,
Williamsburg Cardiology PC and Gerard Abate MD Court: James City
County/Williamsburg Circuit Court Case no.: CL07-562 Name of judge: Samuel T.
Powell III Verdict or Settlement: Settlement Amount: $150,000 Experts: Dr. David
A. Talan, emergency physician; Dr. Richard J. Hart Jr.; Dr. Edgar R. Gonzales,
pharmacologist Defense Experts: Dr. John Gretes, nephrologist; Dr. John Herre,
cardiologist; Dr. Alan Morrison, internal medicine/infectious disease; Dr.
Edward Oldfield, infectious disease; Dr. Mark Tripp, emergency physician; Dr.
Mark Wick, pathologist; Brian Zwoyer RN, nurse manager Plaintiff's attorneys:
Stephen Swain and Barry Taylor, Virginia Beach

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              170 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly

                               September 25, 2006

MA Superior Court Case Summaries: September 25, 2006

BYLINE: Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 8699  words


Arbitration

Forum selection clause

Where a Massachusetts plaintiff has filed suit charging the defendant Colorado
corporation with breach of contract, fraud and violation of G.L.c. 93A, the
complaint must be dismissed in light of an arbitration clause in the parties'
contract.

"[Defendant] General Steel [Corp.] seeks dismissal because the contract
governing the sale requires the arbitration of any disputes in Denver, Colorado.
[Plaintiff George] Bragel opposes the motion, claiming that the arbitration
clause is unconscionable because of the location required by the forum selection
clause, the limitation of damages provision and General Steel's history of
deceptive conduct. Bragel argues that, as a result, the arbitration provision is
unenforceable. Determining that the forum selection and damages limitation
clauses do not invalidate the agreement to arbitrate and that General Steel's
history of misconduct is not relevant to this motion, the Court allows the
motion to dismiss. "

Bragel v. General Steel Corp. (Lawyers Weekly No. 12-303-06) (13 pages) (Lu, J.)
(Suffolk Superior Court) (Civil Action No. 05-2820) (July 28, 2006).

Attorneys

Malpractice - Commercial appropriation - Libel

Where a plaintiff, who was indicted for murder, has filed a complaint (1)
alleging that his defense attorney, as part of a continuing legal education
presentation, used the plaintiff's written narrative concerning his defense of
diminished capacity and (2) seeking to hold the attorney's law firm liable, the
law firm should be awarded summary judgment insofar as the plaintiff is
asserting commercial appropriation, violation of the attorney-client privilege,
slander and conspiracy to defame.

The firm's summary judgment must be denied, however, as to counts claiming libel
and legal malpractice.

Judge's analysis

"Plaintiff Daniel Leo Holland brought this action pro se against Defendants J.W.
Carney, Jr., Janice Bassil, and Carney & Bassil arising out of Carney's former
representation of him in connection with Holland's indictment for first-degree
murder. ...

"The essence of the complaint against Carney & Bassil surrounds actions taken by
Carney in connection with a written narrative (the 'History') that Holland
prepared at Carney & Bassil's request in anticipation of presenting a diminished
capacity defense. In the History Holland detailed his personal involvement with
alcohol and drugs and related mental issues.

Holland hand-wrote the History in the form of a letter addressed to Carney. The
defendants had the History typed, converted from letter form and titled it,
'Alcohol and Drug History of Daniel Holland. ' With Holland's knowledge the
History was given to a consulting forensic expert, Dr. Harold Rosenblatt, to
evaluate in connection with the diminished capacity defense.

"It is Carney & Bassil's revision of the History and its subsequent use of it
that underlie the complaint. Holland alleges that he did not authorize Carney &
Bassil to revise the History and that the revisions materially changed what he
had written. Further, Holland claims that it was only to Dr. Rosenblatt that he
gave Carney & Bassil permission to disclose the History. When Holland
subsequently found out that Carney & Bassil had incorporated the History into
the materials Carney used as part of a presentation he gave at a program
sponsored by the Massachusetts Continuing Legal Education, Inc. on the defense
of diminished capacity, Holland promptly replaced Carney & Bassil as counsel.
Holland further asserts that he was also unaware that Carney & Bassil had
earlier filed the History as part of several court submissions. Related to
Carney's allegedly unauthorized revisions of the History, Holland also claims
that Carney failed to incorporate Holland's record of mental illness into his
defense, as Holland allegedly urged him to do. ...

"While there may be instances where a lawyer's participation in a continuing
legal education program on topics of current interest could be such that he or
she is determined to have unlawfully 'appropriated' a client's name for the
lawyer's self-serving commercial purpose, this is not such a case. The summary
judgment record here is absent of any facts that would support that conclusion.
The full text of Carney's remarks are before the Court, and they are bereft of
any suggestion of 'advertising' or 'purposes of trade' as contemplated by G.L.c.
214, Sect. 3A. Thus, judgment shall enter for Carney & Bassil on Count I. ...

"The disputes regarding the editing of the History are material. If the jury
credits Holland's evidence regarding the editing of the History, it could
reasonably find that the History as published in the MCLE book was defamatory.
...

"... Holland's status as a high visibility defendant in a criminal case does
not, by itself, render him a public figure, and the Court declines to consider
him such at this juncture of the case. ...

"Carney & Bassil plausibly argues that Holland is libel-proof because at the
time the allegedly defamatory statements were made, he was already under
indictment for a vicious murder, and it cites Jackson v. Longscope, 394 Mass.
577 (1985) in support. ... [H]ere, as noted earlier, Holland simply stood
accused of the crime when the events at issue occurred.

"There is insufficient evidence in the record that would put Holland on the same
footing as the plaintiff in Jackson. Thus, Holland cannot be considered
libel-proof as a matter of law. ...

"... Holland has not shown that the defendants defamed him by oral statements.
Although Carney, at the MCLE event, spoke of Holland's case, he did not
specifically refer to the contents of the History. And he did not otherwise make
oral statements that would defame Holland. Accordingly, the slander count must
be dismissed. ...

"Holland alleges that Carney revealed confidential information in the History to
third-parties without Holland's consent. Holland in his affidavit alleges that
Carney repeatedly rebuffed Holland's request for Carney to investigate his
history of mental illness as possible support for a defense at trial.
Additionally, Holland has submitted evidence that Carney promised to have
Holland evaluated by a psychologist but failed to fulfill that promise. Based
thereon, a triable issue of fact exists as to the professional negligence claim.
...

"Holland has asserted a separate claim for violation of the attorney-client
privilege. However, as recited above, Holland's claim for legal malpractice is
based, in part, on Carney's alleged violation of the privilege. Because this
count is subsumed in Count VI and because the privilege itself does not give
rise to a separate cause of action, the count is dismissed. "

Holland v. Kwiat, et al. (Lawyers Weekly No. 12-309-06) (13 pages) (Macdonald,
J.) (Middlesex Superior Court) (Civil Action No. 05-01394-J) (Aug. 30, 2006).

Banks and banking

G.L.c. 93A - Auditor

Where (1) a bank lent money to a borrower audited by a defendant, (2) the
borrower defaulted and (3) the bank has filed a G.L.c. 93A claim against the
defendant, a motion by the defendant to dismiss the G.L.c. 93A claim must be
denied on the ground that "a 'commercial relationship' is adequately pled at
this time. "

Bank of America, N.A. v. BDO Seidman, LLP, et al. (Lawyers Weekly No. 12-304-06)
(2 pages) (van Gestel, J.) (Suffolk Superior Court) David A. Bunis, William J.
Lovett and David M. Osborne for the plaintiff; Kristin M. Cataldo, T.
Christopher Donnelly and Peter E. Gelhaar for BDO Seidman (Civil Action No.
06-1705BLS1) (Sept. 13, 2006).

Civil practice

Class action - Restaurant

Where a plaintiff seeks certification of class action concerning alleged
exposure to the Hepatitis A virus at the defendant's restaurant, the request
should be allowed under Rule 23 of the Massachusetts Rules of Civil Procedure.

"The defendants contend that issues unique to individual potential class members
predominate over common issues. Contrary to the defendant's contention, issues
common to all class members clearly predominate in this action. ...

"In short, the 'fair and efficient' adjudication of the plaintiff's claims is
best achieved via a class action. ... Pragmatically, a class action may be the
plaintiffs' only viable means of attaining compensation. ... The potential
awards for affected individual plaintiffs in this case are dwarfed by the
prohibitive costs of pursuing an individual claim against the defendants. A
class action suit allows the plaintiffs to pool their small individual claims,
thereby rendering their composite action sustainable. ... Additionally,
dedication of the court's limited resources, time and energy to the oversight
and adjudication of a single class action is likely a more efficient use than
their dedication to potentially hundreds of similar smaller suits.

"In further support of this conclusion, this Court notes that no individual
actions have yet been commenced and that no choice of law issues appear likely
to arise. Further, as the alleged negligent conduct took place in this Court's
jurisdiction, this Court is best suited to adjudicate the plaintiffs' claims. "

Baker v. Lvovskiy, et al. (Lawyers Weekly No. 12-302-06) (10 pages) (Troy, J.)
(Suffolk Superior Court) (Civil Action No. 04-3046) (Aug. 31, 2006).

Civil service

Bypass - Untimely statement of reasons

Where a plaintiff, who was passed over for appointment as a police sergeant, has
challenged a ruling by the Civil Service Commission upholding the town of
Randolph's decision, the Civil Service Commission order should be affirmed
despite the fact that the town took over a month to submit a statement of
reasons for bypassing the plaintiff.

Valid commission decision

"The undisputed facts are that William Pace and [plaintiff Dwayne E.] Goldman
were employed as officers of the Randolph Police Department in December of 2002
and were placed on the certification list for promotion to the position of
Sergeant. Goldman was one of the top two candidates with a civil service score
of ninety (90), and Pace was tied with another candidate at eighty-nine (89).
Goldman was president of the Police Officer's union and had held that position
since 1997, during which time he often found himself at odds with the Board of
Selectmen (Board). The Board interviewed all the applicants for the position,
and on February 24, 2003, the Board selected Pace for promotion to Sergeant. ...

"Goldman first contends that the submission was untimely and that the Commission
should not have considered it. Pace was selected on February 24, 2003. The
record is unclear as to when the Board made the first submission. The HR
Division requested clarification on April 10, 2003 and the Board made its
resubmission on April 14, 2003. Goldman argues that in order for the HR Division
to comply with PAR.08(3)'s requirement that they respond to the statement of
reasons within 15 days, the earliest the undated first submission could have
been made was March 27, 2003, more than a month after the selection of Pace.

"Goldman argues that this delay violated the requirement that the Board submit
its reasons 'immediately upon making such [bypass] determination' contained in
PAR.08(3), and that this delay should have been fatal to the Board's promotion
of Pace. Goldman further contends that the failure of the HR Division to comply
with PAR.08(3)'s timeliness requirements is evidence of the Board's bias.

"Goldman's argument assumes that the Commission responded 15 days after
receiving the first submission. Equally likely is the possibility that the
initial submission was timely (or less untimely) and the HR Division's response
was untimely. In any event, the analysis is similar.

"... Goldman is correct that generally the plain meaning of "immediately" does
not connote more than one month. That being said, Flynn v. Civil Service Comm'n,
interpreting a prior version of the statute, has bearing on this issue. Flynn v.
Civil Service Comm'n, 15 Mass. App. Ct. 206 (1983). In Flynn, the appointing
authority deviated from the selection order required by Civil Service Rule. The
appointing authority interviewed 39 candidates and selected 19. The first
officer chosen was not among the first three on the certification list, a
violation of the rule. Nevertheless, if the appointing authority had complied
with the requirement the same nineteen candidates would have been chosen. The
court held that where the same promotions would have been made had the
appointing authority meticulously adhered to the requirement, such
non-compliance could not be seen as material to the selection process. Flynn
makes clear that procedural deficiencies that are not material to the evaluation
of the qualifications of candidates will not invalidate the selection of
otherwise meritorious candidates.

"The possible untimeliness of the first submission is not material to the
selection process and the untimeliness, by itself, does not show the Board's
improper bias. Finally, the amount of untimeliness, perhaps two to three weeks,
is not excessive. ...

"... The record supports the conclusion that Pace was more qualified for
promotion than Goldman. ...

"... [T]here was little evidence presented to support Goldman's allegations of
politically motivated retribution. Goldman conceded at the hearing before the
Commission that he was merely assuming he was not promoted due to his union
work. Given the burden of proof, this is insufficient to warrant reversal of the
Commission's dismissal of the appeal. "

Goldman v. Civil Service Commission, et al. (Lawyers Weekly No. 12-301-06) (9
pages) (Lu, J.) (Norfolk Superior Court) (Civil Action No. 04-1372) (June 29,
2006).

Commercial

Georgia law - Licensing agreement

Where a plaintiff alleges that the defendant committed breach of contract by
terminating a license agreement governed by Georgia law, the plaintiff should be
awarded summary judgment because, contrary to the defendant's assertion, the
plaintiff's acquisition by a separate corporation (through the plaintiff's
merger with that corporation's wholly-owned subsidiary) did not amount to an
"assignment" prohibited by the agreement.

PharMetrics, Inc. v. Source Healthcare Analytics, Inc. (Lawyers Weekly No.
12-298-06) (9 pages) (van Gestel, J.) (Suffolk Superior Court) Ian Crawford for
the plaintiff; Peter Pingitore for the defendant (Civil Action No. 05-4791 BLS1)
(Aug. 25, 2006).

Contract

Internet service

Where a plaintiff has brought suit charging the defendant internet service
provider with breach of contract and a violation of G.L.c. 93A, the defendant
must be awarded summary judgment because (1) the evidence is insufficient to
prove that the plaintiff had a contract with the defendant's predecessor for
uninterrupted internet access, (2) any such contract was not binding on the
defendant, (3) the technological problems with the defendant's service were not
the result of an unfair or deceptive trade practice and (4) the defendant did
not commit an unfair and deceptive trade practice by altering the service
contract with the plaintiff and other customers.

Waters v. Earthlink, Inc., et al. (Lawyers Weekly No. 12-293-06) (9 pages)
(Connon, J.) (Barnstable Superior Court) Bruce A. Bierhans, Stephen J. Delamere,
Andrew J. Garcia, Melissa John and Carlin J. Phillips for the plaintiff; Inez H.
Friedman, Colleen M. Geary, Brian E. Pastuszenski and Christopher F. Robertson
for the defendants (Civil Action No. BACV01-11887WGY) (June 19, 2006).

Home construction

Where a dispute has arisen between the parties to a home construction contract,
I find that the plaintiff contractor is entitled to $25,481.67 on its claim and
that the defendant homeowner is entitled to $25,500 on his counterclaim.

Background

The dispute arises out of the construction of an addition to defendants' home in
Newton, Massachusetts. A written contract, dated June 23, 1998, provided for a
contract price of $399,016.90. Removal of ledge for the foundation was to be at
the defendant owners' expense. Any additional work was to be documented by
change orders signed by all parties.

"Disputes immediately arose between the parties. [Plaintiff] Creative Marine,
[Inc.,] told [defendant Gianfranco D.] Zaccai that, to excavate the foundation,
permission for access would have to be obtained from an abutter, and Zaccai
agreed to procure this. He failed to do so before leaving on a European trip,
however, and Creative Marine, assuming there was consent, proceeded to enter the
abutter's property and to cut trees and bushes. The abutter was incensed and
thereafter refused permission for Creative Marine to enter. This caused
additional delay and expense, for which Zaccai paid Creative Marine.

"Newton's building inspector at first disapproved of the submitted building
plans, drafted by Zaccai, and they had to be redrafted and a plot plan created
by a surveyor, which also caused delay and expense, for which Zaccai also paid.

"The suit arises out of the fact that, during the course of construction,
Creative Marine concluded that various change orders for extra work were
required. Zaccai indicated his approval on the first four of these by signing
them. Although he admits that he was presented with the additional change orders
as work progressed, he testified that he refused to sign them, considering them
to have been properly encompassed by the original contract price. He admits that
he paid all but the final two, but testified he did so under duress, as Creative
Marine threatened to otherwise cease work which it indeed did when the final two
change orders were not paid. Creative Marine's superintendent, on the other
hand, testified that all of the change orders were verbally agreed to by Zaccai
up until the final two (which were dated February 1, 2000 and March 10, 2000).
As a result of Zaccai's refusal to pay these two final change orders, Creative
Marine left the job on March 13, 2000.

"After plaintiff left the site, the addition to the house was completed by other
contractors, and, within two month, defendants were again occupying the home,
all of Creative Marine's work having been approved by the town Building
Inspector.

"Over the course of the work, Zaccai was billed $486,712 and paid Creative
Marine $461,230. Creative Marine seeks a judgment for the difference,
$25,481.87. Zaccai has counter-claimed for more than $200,000. He contends that,
even though he paid Creative Marine over $461,000, the difference between what
he paid and the original contract price of $399,016.90 (i.e., $62,213), was paid
under protest and as a result of duress (plaintiff's threat to stop work unless
paid). The remainder of Zaccai's counter-claim is for work that defendants claim
was required to remedy defects in Creative Marine's original work (which
remedial work Zaccai's new contractor valued at $25,500), for plaintiff having
overestimated in setting the contract price in the first place, and for the cost
of completing unfinished work called-for by the contract. "

Plaintiff's claim

"As noted, Creative Marine has sued for $25,481.87 of work for which it has not
been paid. It is true that neither of the defendants signed the change orders
for this work, and Zaccai refused to pay for it.

"Zaccai contends G.L.c. 142A, Sect. 2, which requires a home construction
contract to be in writing signed by the parties, precludes plaintiff's recovery
for any change orders which were not agreed to in writing.

"It is, however, 'a settled principle of law that [t]he mode of performance
required by a written contract may be varied by a subsequent oral agreement
based upon a valid consideration. ' ... A provision in the original agreement,
prohibiting subsequent changes to the contract unless reduced to a writing, will
not bar oral modifications where it is clear both parties assent to the change.
... The same rule applies to the anti-waiver clause in the contract. ...

"The requirements of G.L.c. 142A, Sect. 2, moreover, have been held to be
applicable to only the original contract, rather than to subsequent amendments,
and do not abrogate the long-standing principle that parties are free to waive
or alter provisions of their existing contract at any time. ...

"Here ... no credible evidence was presented by defendants that they ever
instructed plaintiff to not perform the work. Defendants could not have been
unaware that the additional work was being done, which enhanced the value of
their home. No credible evidence was presented to indicate this work was not, as
plaintiff testified, additional to the work contemplated by the original
contract price.

"Accordingly, the Court finds that Zaccai, by his conduct, waived the provisions
of the original contract and finds for the plaintiff in the sum of $25,481.87. "

The counterclaim

"Defendants assert that much of the work reflected in the change orders, even
with respect to work done pursuant to change orders that Zaccai signed and with
respect to work he paid for, was done without their authorization.

"As to the signed change orders, Zaccai testified that he signed them, while at
the same time advising Creative Marine's superintendent that he was not agreeing
to pay more than the original contract price. This is refuted, however, by the
very language of the change orders he signed, which expressly set forth, in each
instance, a new total contract price as revised upwards by each change order.

"As for the change orders that Zaccai paid for but did not sign (which total
$82,412) his counsel argues that a construction contract which provides for
modification only by written agreement, as the contract here provided, cannot be
modified by subsequent oral agreement, citing G.L.c. 142A, Sect. 2, so that he
should be reimbursed. The Court has considered that legal argument and has
rejected it. ...

"Although Zaccai asserts that the change orders he did not sign (totaling
$82,412) were not proper charges, he paid for all but the final two change
orders ($25,481.87), and did not object to the work being done. Accordingly, the
Court finds that he waived any objection thereto. ... The Court also rejects
Zaccai's contention that he paid these change orders under duress because
Creative Marine threatened to otherwise quit work. The Court has found above
that plaintiff was entitled to be paid for the change orders at issue when it
threatened to quit the job. It is settled law that doing or threatening to do
what a party has a legal right to do cannot form the basis of economic duress.
...

"Nor does the Court credit the testimony of defendants' witnesses to the effect
that plaintiff over-estimated the value of the work to be done with respect to
the original contract price, or accept defendant's argument that the real value
of the contract work was as stated on the building permit application. Rather,
the Court credits plaintiff's testimony that the value of work indicated on the
building permit was understated in order to reduce the building permit fee, as
is a common practice in the building, industry.

"Finally, Zaccai alleges that after Creative Marine left the site, he was
required to pay another contractor to complete the contract work. However, no
credible evidence was presented as to the cost to defendants to complete any
work called for by the contract after plaintiff left the site, except for the
estimate of the contractor who corrected defects and imperfections in the
original work and placed a value of such corrective work, at $25,500. "

Judgment

"For the reasons stated above, judgment shall enter for the plaintiff in the sum
of $25,481.67, and judgment shall enter for the defendant on the counterclaim in
the sum of $25,500. "

Creative Marine, Inc., et al. v. Zaccai, et al. (Lawyers Weekly No. 12-295-06)
(6 pages) (Fremont-Smith, J.) (Middlesex Superior Court) (Civil Action No.
00-3204) (Aug. 29, 2006).

School renovation - Direct payment

Where a plaintiff subcontractor performed renovation work at Newton South High
School, the plaintiff is entitled to direct payment from the defendant city of
Newton.

"[W]hile there is some uncertainty as to whether [plaintiff] GMC met the
substantial completion requisite of G.L.c. 30, Sect. 39F to be eligible for
direct payment, the Court rules that the City is precluded from raising this as
a defense in the present circumstances because the City previously made two
direct payments to GMC in response to GMC's May 2, 2005 demand. By making these
direct payments to GMC pursuant to G.L.c. 30, Sect. 39F, the City, in essence,
accepted that GMC had substantially completed its work. Otherwise, it would have
been illegal for the City to make direct payments to GMC and thereby to have
bypassed Peabody as the general contractor. G.L.c. 30, Sect. 39F. The City is
estopped now from raising the defense.

"Accordingly, for purposes of this action, GMC is held to have a right to
receive direct payment from the City for its work on the Project. ...

"[T]he amount currently due to GMC pursuant G.L.c. 30, Sect. 39F is $161,541.55
($133,641.55 plus $27,900). ...

"The City of Newton shall: (1) make a direct payment to GMC in the amount of
$161,541.55; and (2) deposit $21,456.86 in an interest-bearing bank account in
the names of Peabody and GMC. However, this obligation is contingent on (a)
funds up to the amounts owing to GMC becoming payable to Peabody or to Peabody's
successor in interest and (b) the City having paid or otherwise settled all
demands for direct payment from subcontractors received by the City prior to
GMC's May 2, 2005 demand. "

General Mechanical Contractors, Inc. v. Peabody Construction Co., Inc., et al.
(Lawyers Weekly No. 12-305-06) (9 pages) (Macdonald, J.) (Middlesex Superior
Court) (Civil Action No. 05-02352-J) (Aug. 31, 2006).

Employment

Accrued, unused vacation pay

Where the plaintiffs, a union local and two former union-represented employees,
have filed suit against a defendant employer, the Massachusetts Bay
Transportation Authority, I find that the defendant must be granted summary
judgment because evidence indicates that the employees in question are not
entitled, as they claim, to accrued but unused vacation pay pursuant to G.L.c.
149, Sect. 148 (the Wage Act).

Background

"In May 2004, prior to commencing the current lawsuit, plaintiffs filed a
'non-payment of wages complaint' with the Office of the Massachusetts Attorney
General. Shortly thereafter, the Office of the Attorney General issued to
plaintiffs an authorization to pursue their claim pursuant to G.L.c. 149, Sect.
150 which authorizes private causes of action for alleged violations of Sect.
148. Plaintiffs then filed suit in June 2004 alleging that the MBTA violated the
Wage Act by failing to pay former employees accrued and unused vacation pay.

"In January 2005, the parties stipulated that the matter was properly classified
as a class action and that [Local 589, Amalgamated Transit Union] was an
adequate representative of the class. The parties further agreed that the matter
would be presented to an arbitrator utilizing the rules and procedures as
provided in the arbitration provisions of the Union/MBTA collective bargaining
agreement. The parties further stipulated that the arbitrator's decision would
be 'final and binding' upon them and on all other members of the class. However,
each party reserved the right to present to the court for de novo review an
interpretation by the arbitrator as to the meaning or application of Sect. 148.
In April 2005, the matter was presented to Arbitrator James Litton. On January
19, 2006, Arbitrator Litton issued his award and concluded that the MBTA's
practices and policies concerning vacation pay did not violate Sect. 148.

"Arbitrator Litton based his conclusions on the following: (1) Sect. 148
requires that vacation pay is to paid employees only if such payments are 'due
an employee under an oral or written agreement'; and (2) the long-standing
intent of the parties was that vacation payments were not 'due' to employees who
were terminated for cause, nor to those who resigned in lieu of termination. It
is from this ruling that plaintiffs seek relief in their motion for summary
judgment. "

Analysis

"Employers in Massachusetts must tender wage payments to their employees in
accordance with the Wage Act. ... Under Sect. 148, the term 'wages' includes
'any holiday or vacation payments due an employee under an oral or written
agreement. ' ... Thus, a person's right to receive vacation pay necessarily
arises from the private employment agreement one has with his employer. ...

"Moreover, the legislative history of Sect. 148 shows the importance the
legislature placed on when wages are 'due' an employee. In 1966, the House
Committee on Labor and Industries introduced a bill (House Bill No. 199) to
clarify the weekly payment of wages law under Sect. 148. That bill would have
amended the Wage Act to include the following language: 'The term "wages" shall
include any holiday or vacation payments due an employee. ' ... This bill was
rejected in the legislative process, and the bill that was finally approved
added the modifying language 'under an agreement oral or written' after the word
'employee' in the original proposal. ...

"The Wage Act further mandates that '[n]o person shall by a special contract
with an employee ... exempt himself from this section or from section one
hundred and fifty. ' ... However, Sect. 148 does not define what a 'special
contract' means; therefore, the court must interpret the language of the
statute. In Massachusetts, statutory construction must begin with the language
of the statute itself. ... In construing a statute, all of the statutory
language will be interpreted holistically, and '[the] statute ... should not be
construed in ... such a way as to make a nullity of pertinent provisions. ' ...

"In the case at bar, the MBTA first argues that application of the Wage Act does
not apply to it, and even if it did, the payment of accrued, but unused vacation
is not 'due' the plaintiffs pursuant to the Agreement between the parties. In
contrast, plaintiffs rely on a determination of the Office of Attorney General
to argue that the vacation pay is due them as past wages earned that vested when
the employees' services were rendered to the MBTA. Furthermore, the Union argues
that the 'the Agreement guarantees the employee[s] payment for earned vacation'
and that 'vacation time is not granted, it is earned. ' Finally, in the
alternative, the Union argues that the Agreement is a 'special contract' under
Sect. 148 whereby the MBTA is attempting to circumvent its obligation to pay the
earned wages due to the class.

"After reviewing the record, the court finds the defendant's arguments must
prevail for the following reasons. First, the plain meaning of Sect. 148 only
gives the plaintiffs the right to collect the vacation pay as 'wages' from the
defendant pursuant to 'an oral or written agreement. ' ... As Arbitrator Litton
concluded at the arbitration proceedings, the Agreement between the parties does
not support that vacation pay was 'due' to employees who were terminated for
cause or to those who resigned in lieu of termination. The individuals involved
fall within that category of employees, and therefore, are not entitled to the
vacation pay according to the plain meaning of the Agreement. Finally,
plaintiffs' reliance on the determination of the Attorney General's Office to
support their claim here is incorrect insofar as they attempt to argue that
'wages' were defined by something other than the Agreement. That is, the
vacation pay at issue was not contingent upon whether or not the employees'
services were already rendered, but instead the Agreement excluded from its
provisions employees discharged for cause, or those who resigned in lieu of
discharge.

"Second, the legislative intent of the Wage Act is clear and does not support
plaintiffs' contention. Had the legislature intended that all vacation pay be
'due' an employee regardless of the surrounding circumstances, it arguably would
have passed the Wage Act without the modifying language 'under an agreement oral
or written' after the word 'employee' in the originally proposed bill. Its
choice to not ratify the bill as originally proposed, coupled with the plain
reading of the statute in its current form, reflects the legislature's intent
that entitlement to such wages is predicated upon a contractual agreement
between an employer and an employee.

"Finally, there is no evidence in the record that the MBTA entered into a
'special contract' with plaintiffs that would have been barred by the statute.
Rather, the parties agreed to specifically exclude payment of accrued, but
unused, vacation time in their Agreement to employees discharged for cause or in
lieu of termination. Although most contracts between an employer and an employee
do not contain such provisions, but instead pay accrued vacation time regardless
of case-by-case circumstances, that did not occur here. Instead, the parties
here are entitled to the benefit of their underlying bargain specifically
excluding these individuals, and the court will enforce that provision, when
read in conjunction with the Wage Act. Therefore, the plaintiff-employees are
not entitled to accrued, but unused, vacation pay. "

Local 589, Amalgamated Transit Union, et al. v. Massachusetts Bay Transportation
Authority (Lawyers Weekly No. 12-292-06) (7 pages) (Troy, J.) (Suffolk Superior
Court) (Douglas Taylor and Paul M. Tyler for the plaintiffs; Laurence J.
Donoghue for the defendant (Civil Action No. 04-2434-A) (Aug. 16, 2006).

Evidence

Medical records

Where (1) an unlicensed masseur was convicted of molesting the plaintiff
sexually during a massage at the defendant sports club, (2) the plaintiff sued
the defendant for negligent hiring and intentional infliction of emotional
distress, (3) the defendant subsequently moved for disclosure of all the
plaintiff's psychiatric and psychological records from 1995 to the present and
(4) the plaintiff, in turn, asserted the psychotherapist-patient privilege, I
find, after an ex parte review of the subject records, that the defendant's
motion should be denied.

Judge's reasoning

"The issue before the Court is whether under [G.L.] c. 233, Sect. 20B(c) the
production of these reports is more important to the interests of justice than
the confidential relationship between patient psychotherapist be protected.

"The cases on this issue are of 'all varieties. ' Some cases say if the
plaintiff's claims deal in anyway his/her mental or emotional conditions, all
the records must be produced. Some other cases hold that, if the emotional
claims are of the garden variety type arising from a personal injury, the past
psychological records do not have to be produced. In this case we are dealing
with a specific sexual assault on the plaintiff which injuries are set out in
detail in the nine page report furnished to defendant's counsel. This Court has
reviewed in-camera in detail the psychiatric records produced by plaintiff's
counsel. Said records do not deal with the plaintiff's sexual assault and any
trauma that she sustained as a result of the November 26, 2001 incident. They
primarily deal with her traumatic childhood and the consequences therefrom.

"Applying the test set out in c. 233, Sect. 20B(c), this Court can see no reason
why the interest of justice should require the production of the prior
psychiatric records. In effect, the allowance of this motion would require an
injured plaintiff such as [the present plaintiff] under the facts of this case,
who sustains mental or emotional damage as the result of the sexual assault, to
require the breaching of her patient-psychotherapist relationship that she
always thought was confidential. In substance, a plaintiff would have to suffer
the extreme distress of all of her psychiatric records made public to the
defendant in order to pursue this case. That is too high a price to pay by a
woman who has been sexually assaulted by a now registered sex offender. If this
is the cost of asserting this claim in this case, it is simply unfair and
unjust.

"The Court believes that the purposes of the defendant will be served with the
nine-page report furnished to it, in addition the rest of the discovery which it
has taken. This Court finds in the circumstances of this case, that it is more
important to the interests of justice that the prior psychiatric reports not be
disclosed, in part for the reasons stated by the United States Supreme Court in
Jaffee vs. Redmond, 518 U.S. 1 (1996).

"After hearing, and an ex parte review of the plaintiff's records, the motion is
denied. It is ordered that the psychiatric records furnished by the plaintiff to
the Court be impounded and be available for the Appellate Court in the event of
an appeal. "

[Doe] v. Town Sports International, Inc., et al. (Lawyers Weekly No. 12-297-06)
(4 pages) (Connolly, J.) (Middlesex Superior Court) (Docket No. 004-4658) (Sept.
11, 2006).

Freedom of information

Public records - Internal police investigation

Where a police department has refused to disclose documents relating to an
internal affairs investigation, the department's decision must be struck down
under G.L.c. 66, Sect. 10, as the documents are public records.

Judge's reasoning

"Upon reviewing the record, I find no basis upon which to distinguish the
present case from the decision of the Appeals Court in Worcester Telegram [&
Gazette Corp. v. Chief of Police of Worcester, 58 Mass. App. Ct. 1 (2003)]. In
both cases, the core issue is whether an internal affairs file is a public
record. Absent an applicable exemption, the presumption is that the record is
public. In its analysis of the personnel files exemption, Worcester Telegram
drew a line between the actual internal affairs file and the notice to the
subject officer of its findings and conclusion. It found the former to be public
and the latter exempt. Hence, the internal affairs case file is a public record.
Any actual notice or order of disciplinary action addressed to Lt. [William A.]
Leeman or other named officers, however, is not because it is certainly a
document 'useful in making employment decisions regarding an employee. '

"The Department attempts to distinguish Worcester Telegram on the basis of the
identity of the applicant for the file and the absence of issues of theft,
bribery, acceptance of gratuities, verbal or physical abuse, unlawful arrest, or
harassment. It concerns 'a non-police matter,' meaning issues not related to
enforcement of the law. These considerations may temper the degree of public
interest in disclosure of the IA Case File, but they do not qualify the record
as a personnel file or personnel information. That essential distinction is the
question of the case. The statutes contain no 'non-police matter' exemption.
Supervisor Cote's decision referred solely to the personnel file or personnel
information exemption. Again, this exemption refers to information 'useful in
making employment decisions regarding an employee. ' The identity of the
requesting party has no bearing on this issue. The fact that neither theft,
bribery, acceptance of gratuities, verbal or physical abuse, unlawful arrest,
nor harassment is involved does not logically lead to the conclusion that the
record must therefore be personnel information. Application of an exemption
depends upon the nature of the document. The custodian must establish that
nature with specificity.

"The Supervisor and the Department appear to argue that the present subject of
alleged cheating on a promotional exam constitutes an intramural departmental
matter and not a public one. The competence and integrity of a police force are
intrinsically public concerns. That concern endures without regard to the
identity of a complainant or inquisitor as either a member of the force or a
member of the citizenry. Both groups are entitled to know that the police
possess the competence and integrity to police themselves.

"The Department's contention under G.L.c. 4, Sect. 7(26)(c) that disclosure may
inflict an unwarranted invasion of privacy upon its members is not decisive.
First, in contrast with the circumstances of both Wakefield Teachers Association
[v. School Comm. of Wakefield, 431 Mass. 792, 796 (2000)] and Worcester
Telegram, the individual running the greatest risk to privacy is the applicant
himself. Lt. Leeman has effectively waived that interest. ... Second, the
identity of the persons named in the internal affairs investigative materials
can receive protection from the litigants. At oral argument the parties reported
their unawareness of likely harm to the names of other officers or persons.
Counsel for Lt. Leeman expressed a willingness to protect the names of such
individuals. The parties can and should do so by redaction of specific names and
addresses so long as they leave open all other information. ...

"Finally, I note the same close distinctions and fortuities acknowledged by the
panel in the Worcester Telegram decision, 58 Mass. App. Ct. at 10: that the
internal affairs investigation papers can be public, but that a report to an
officer resulting from the information in those papers cannot be public. It
viewed the difference as 'at first glance ... an unlikely splitting of hairs';
but at second glance as a rational effort by the courts to apply a statute
riddled with conflicting objectives and literal exceptions.

"For these reasons the refusal of the Haverhill Police Department and of the
Supervisor of Records to disclose the documents of the internal affairs
investigation as personnel files or personnel information protected by G.L.c. 4,
Sect. 7(26)(c) constitutes an error of law. "

Leeman v. Cote, et al. (Lawyers Weekly No. 12-306-06) (13 pages) (Sikora, J.)
(Suffolk Superior Court) (Civil Action No. 05-5387-A) (Sept. 18, 2006).

Negligence

Tavern - Rape

Where a plaintiff alleges that the defendant pub's negligent act of serving her
alcohol when she was visibly intoxicated ultimately led to her being raped in a
hotel room, the defendant must be awarded summary judgment, as the criminal act
of a third party constituted an unforeseeable intervening cause.

Unforeseeable harm

"The direct evidence alone, if accepted by a finder of fact, would be enough for
[the plaintiff] to establish that [defendant] Beantown Pub negligently served
her alcohol after she showed signs of visible intoxication. In addition, the
circumstantial evidence (supported by the direct evidence and not used merely as
a surrogate), bearing on [the plaintiff]'s conduct, demeanor, and physical
condition, both soon after leaving the bar and the morning after the alleged
rape, would permit a reasonable inference to a sufficient degree of probability.
Such evidence would, in effect, impose liability on the basis of acceptable
speculation on the part of a jury. ... Therefore, Beantown Pub's argument that
summary judgment should be allowed on the ground that the [the plaintiff] can
adduce no evidence that Beantown Pub served her after she was visibly
intoxicated must fail. ...

"As far as this court is aware, no Massachusetts appellate decision has held
that 'a tavern owner may be found liable for an intoxicated patron's injuries
that were caused by a criminal act perpetrated off the tavern premises by
individuals with no connection to the tavern. ' ... In those decisions where
proprietors have been held liable to their patrons for criminal acts of others,
the defendant either negligently failed to provide reasonably needed security
precautions in or just outside the premises, or failed to guard against the
consequences of reasonably foreseeable criminal conduct. ...

"... In the present case, there are no facts in the summary judgment record to
suggest that Beantown Pub could have reasonably foreseen a harm to the
plaintiff, of the general character she suffered, even considering her heavily
intoxicated state. For purposes of this motion, I assume that Beantown Pub knew
or should have known that the plaintiff's intoxicated state put her in danger of
asphyxiation on her own vomit. Furthermore, I assume that Nine Zero's treatment
of the plaintiff, by wheeling her into the hotel on a luggage cart, put her in
danger of falling and injuring herself. Nevertheless, such injuries are hardly
'of the same general character' as the assault and rape by [MacArthur T.] Belin
[Jr.] ...

"Nor does the summary judgment record reflect that Beantown Pub had reason to
believe that the Nine Zero employees who were with the plaintiff posed a
physical threat to her. Although, as the plaintiff argues, Beantown Pub's
contention that Nine Zero was 'upscale' does not help its case, there is still
nothing in the record to suggest that Beantown Pub was on notice that Nine Zero
employed dangerous individuals, was unsafe or not secure, or was known for any
sort of violent or criminal activity. The Nine Zero employee that told the
plaintiff, 'Let me see your face, look up, you are beautiful,' did so as the
plaintiff was on her way to the hotel room and not in front of any Beantown Pub
employee. Unlike Christopher [v. Father's Huddle, 57 Mass. App. Ct. 217, 222
(2003)], where the employee of the defendant tavern was 'on notice that
antagonism between two groups that began in the tavern had festered to the point
of violence,' no one from Beantown Pub had any reason to believe that Belin or
any other Nine Zero employee intended to be violent towards the plaintiff or
harm her in any way. Christopher, 57 Mass. App. Ct. at 225-26. ...

"In addition, while Beantown Pub is located across the street from the Nine Zero
and the rape took place shortly after the plaintiff left the tavern, the
undisputed fact remains that the rape took place off premises and after the
plaintiff had left Beantown Pub for the evening. Thus, the spacial and temporal
proximity of the rape to the location of Beantown Pub and the time between when
the tavern breached its duty to the plaintiff and when Belin raped the
plaintiff, does not increase the reasonable foreseeability of the plaintiff's
injuries. "

[Doe] v. Destination Boston Hotel, Inc. (Lawyers Weekly No. 12-300-06) (18
pages) (Troy, J.) (Suffolk Superior Court) (Civil Action No. 05-01353E) (Aug.
28, 2006).

Real property

Trespass - Fence

Where the defendants' fence trespassed on an aggregate area of between 2 and 3
feet of the plaintiff' land, I hold the plaintiffs are entitled to $1,725 for
retention of a surveyor, a court filing fee and related process server fees.

Judge's analysis

"The plaintiffs seek damages of at least of $53,588.75. This amount is comprised
of legal fees of $4113.75, expenses of $2,525.00 and $49,950.00 for loss of 'use
and quiet enjoyment' of 3 percent of their property.

"The basis of the 3 percent figure was that the plaintiffs alleged that the
encroachment was located such that it prevented plaintiffs from reasonable
access to a larger portion of their lot that cumulatively comprised 3 percent of
their property. They intended to improve this larger area by removing
accumulated clutter and debris and blacktopping the rear of the lot. The
calculation of the monetary value of their damage in this respect rested on the
town-assessed value of the property during the three years that the dispute was
pending.

"There is no basis in law or logic to award damages on the order of magnitude
sought by the plaintiffs. The encroached area ... is an infinitesimal piece of
the larger property. The plaintiffs' claim that they were denied the use and
enjoyment of 3 percent of their property is without support in fact. There was
no impediment on account of the encroachment to the plaintiffs doing the
improvements they wanted to make. Any such delay was of their own making.
Further, ... attorney's fees and related ordinary costs are not compensable in a
case of this kind.

"However, the defendants did, in fact, commit a trespass, and there is no reason
that they could not earlier have removed the fence. Indisputably, the plaintiffs
were damaged in a literal sense because the defendants did encroach on their
property, albeit minimally. However, the plaintiffs' recoverable damages are
limited to the cost of retaining a surveyor for the preparation of a plan and
related services ($1,150), the court filing fee ($525) and related process
server fees ($50). These total $1,725.00. Judgment shall enter for that amount.
"

Camuso, et al. v. Tranxidis, et al. (Lawyers Weekly No. 12-308-06) (4 pages)
(Macdonald, J.) (Middlesex Superior Court) (Civil Action No. 06-1369) (Aug. 25,
2006).

Joint venture - Dissolution

Where (1) a plaintiff withdrew from a real estate joint venture and (2) the
remaining joint venturers (the defendants) exercised their right to continue the
business of the ventures, the defendants must pay the plaintiff for the value of
its share.

"The Court ... concludes and finds that [plaintiff] BPR's aggregate interest in
the three properties, as of December 23, 2003, was $2,759,098.00. ...

"In order to pay to BPR its interests in the ventures, as found by this Court,
the remaining venturers may be required to refinance the mortgages on Carlyle
and Exeter Houses. Those mortgages include defeasance payment provisions in
order to obtain the release of the properties from the liens of the mortgages.
What is called for, among other things, is 'the payment to the Mortgagee of the
Defeasance Deposit. ' The Defeasance Deposit is defined in Paragraph 57(c)(i) of
the Mortgage as follows: 'The term "Defeasance Deposit" shall mean an amount
equal to the remaining principal amount of the Note, the Yield Maintenance
Premium, any costs and expenses incurred or to be incurred in the purchase of
U.S. Obligations necessary to meet the Scheduled Defeasance Payments and any
revenue, documentary stamp or intangible taxes or any other tax or charge due in
connection with the transfer of the Note or otherwise required to accomplish the
agreements of this Paragraph 57; ... '

"There was no credible evidence of what amount the defeasance fee will be.
Obviously, it depends upon a number of factors, some not yet known and that will
not be known until, if at all, a defeasance comes into being. Consequently,
while this Court would find that a defeasance fee of the kind in issue would be
an appropriate element of damages assessable against BPR for dissolving the
ventures, the amount of such a fee cannot be determined on the present record.
...

"For the foregoing reasons, the Court orders judgment to enter as follows:

"1. The defendants Richard K. Bendetson, Carson Revere, LLC and CDE Revere, LLC
having exercised their rights to continue the business of the joint ventures in
issue, shall pay to the plaintiff, BPR Group Limited Partnership (or in the
alternative supply a bond, satisfactory to this Court) in the amount of
$2,759,098.00.

"2. The defendants shall deduct the amount of any actual defeasance fee paid and
the actual net costs of refinancing should they refinance the properties in
issue, within 90 days hereof, to pay this judgment.

"3. The defendants shall deduct the amounts of any payments they have made to
the plaintiff for matters occurring after December 23, 2003, to the date of this
order, as distribution or other payments under the joint venture agreements in
issue. "

BPR Group Limited Partnership v. Bendetson, et al. (Lawyers Weekly No.
12-299-06) (14 pages) (van Gestel, J.) (Suffolk Superior Court) Sean T.
Carnathan, Francis J. DiMento, Jason A. Kosow, David B. Mack and Thomas N.
O'Connor for the plaintiff; Martin Shulkin and Albert P. Zabin for the
defendants (Civil Action No. 04-0168BLS) (Sept. 5, 2006).

Search and seizure

Home search - Probable cause

Where a defendant has moved to suppress cocaine, marijuana, a scale, pills and
baggies seized when the police executed a search warrant at the defendant's
Randolph home, I hold that the motion must be denied because (1) the affidavit
submitted in support of the warrant application established probable cause and
(2) the triggering event contemplated by the warrant (the defendant leaving his
home to go directly to a meet location for a controlled crack cocaine buy)
occurred as required.

Commonwealth v. Banks (Lawyers Weekly No. 12-307-06) (6 pages) (Lu, J.) (Norfolk
Superior Court) (CR No. 05-580) (June 30, 2006).

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              171 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                             July 10, 2012 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

I love jail, lock me up for 65 years, says Indian student's killer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 294 words


A KILLER who shot dead an Indian student told a court yesterday: "I love prison
- lock me up for 65 years."

Kiaran Stapleton said he was "not bothered" if he was convicted of murder.
Stapleton, 21, shot Anuj Bidve, 23, in the head without warning in the street in
Ordsall, Salford.

He admits manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility but denies
murdering the stranger on Boxing Day last year. Brian Cummings QC, prosecuting,
asked if he hoped the psychiatric reports on the issue of diminished
responsibility would be in his favour.

He replied: "To be honest, I'm not bothered. I love prison. I watch Coronation
Street. I have got a fat canteen. Lock me up for 65 years."

Looking to the jury at Manchester Crown Court, he said: "Does this face look
bothered? "I have even got a new rug and bedding coming for my cell. I'm not
bothered."

Stapleton admitted he told a prosecution psychiatrist there was "no light at the
end of the tunnel" if he were convicted of murder. But a manslaughter verdict
would help him get help with his personality disorder.

He said he told the experts he could not explain why he had shot Mr Bidve.

Mr Cummings said: "But you can say, can't you?" Stapleton replied: "I don't
know, do you know? If you know something then tell me, please. Why would I want
to kill an innocent person?" The jury was played a recording of a prison phone
conversation between the defendant and his brother Kyle.

During the call, Stapleton said he could not understand why lawyers said his
mother could not afford a £50 cardigan.

He said: "What they on about? We have cannabis farms all over and we have more
guns than the police."

Asked for an explanation of those remarks, he told the jury: "That was purely
for a laugh and a laugh only."

The case continues.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Kiaran Stapleton told his brother they had cannabis farms and more guns
than the police 'purely for a laugh'

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2012 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              172 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                          Diminished Value Clinic, LLC

                         799 Brickell Plaza, Suite 702
                                Miami,  FL 33131
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (305) 371-8258
FAX: (305) 423-3821
URL: www.diminishedvalueclinic.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 7

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The Diminished Value Clinic is dedicated to providing top-notch legal
representation for those who have been in an accident and are seeking the
diminished value of their vehicle. Do not let the insurance company tell you
this claim does not exist; it does, and every claim will be evaluated by a
lawyer who will explain to you your rights.  Call us today at (305) 371-8258 to
discuss these issues.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              173 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                              April 5, 2015 Sunday
                                 FINAL Edition

Politicians and religious clerics denounce anti-Islam bus ads

BYLINE: BY LARA WITT; Daily News Staff Writer wittl@phillynews.com, 215-854-5927

SECTION: LOCAL; P-com News; Pg. 06

LENGTH: 465 words


IN A SHOW of solidarity, interdenominational clergy and elected officials
gathered yesterday at the Masjidullah Mosque in East Mount Airy to denounce the
anti-Muslim advertisements that have stirred controversy since a federal judge
last month ordered SEPTA to run them on buses.

"Communities need to stand together . . . when these ads on the bus happen, we
are all diminished," said Nancy Kreimer, with the Reconstructionist Rabbinical
College in Wyncote. "Every one of us who is a citizen of this city is diminished
by having hate ride on our buses."

Omar Woodard, state Sen. Anthony Hardy Williams' policy director, represented
the mayoral candidate at the news conference attended by about 62 people. He
told the Daily News that finding common ground was essential.

"The senator's vision for the city is of one Philadelphia. Bringing together the
Jewish community, the Christian community and the Muslim community to unite on
an issue that affects all of us," Woodard said.

The advertisement in question says: "Islamic Jew Hatred: It's in the Quran." The
ad calls for an end to U.S. aid to Islamic countries and features a photograph
of a 1941 meeting between Adolf Hitler and Hajj Amin al-Husseini, a Palestinian
Arab nationalist.

The ads were paid for by the American Freedom Defense Initiative, a pro Israel
group led by blogger Pamela Geller. The organization tried to have the ads
placed with SEPTA last fall, but when the transit agency rejected them, the AFDI
sued in federal court and prevailed.

State Rep. Dwight Evans, who was appointed by Gov. Wolf to the board of
directors for SEPTA in February, said he attended the news conference to show
his support and reinforce SEPTA's position.

"I deplore this type of message and advertisement," he said. "I was present
today to show support to the Muslim community as I would to the Jewish and
Christian community."

Michael Rashid, president and CEO of the AmeriHealth Mercy Family of Companies,
said that he was very grateful that so many people came forward to show their
support.

"We are all for free speech, but there are limits where free speech can become
uncivilized and hurt people. [This ad] is not just an attack on Islam, we see it
as an affront to religion in general," he said.

Masjidullah's Imam, Muhammad Abdul-Aleem, said he wanted to show that the Muslim
community was invested in Philadelphia and that it was just as much a part of
American society as any other religion or community.

"Here is a house of worship that brings people together from all different
backgrounds and religions and stands in solidarity.

"We wanted to show that the people who say that the Quran spreads hate obviously
don't know the Quran," said Abdul-Aleem adding that he was very hopeful for the
future of American-Muslim relations.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              174 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           February 19, 2008 Tuesday

Psychiatrist: Accused killer had diminished brain functions

BYLINE: Bobby Kerlik

LENGTH: 242 words


A psychiatrist testified this morning that a man who admitted killing an elderly
Upper St. Clair woman was suffering from diminished brain functions brought on
by massive depression and stress.

Dr. Stuart Burstein told the jury that Patrick Stollar "lacked the ability to
confine (his) behavior to the law" and that his cognitive functions were so
diminished he could not form an intent to kill Jean Heck.

Prosecutors say Stollar, 29, of Washington, Pa., stomped, strangled and stabbed
Heck, 78, in her home June 4, 2003, just days after he worked as a landscaper in
her yard. Stollar is acting as his own attorney and could face the death penalty
if he's convicted.

Burstein pointed to Stollar's break up with his girlfriend, losing his job,
getting kicked out of his mother's house, living out of his Ford Explorer and
not receiving an honorable discharge from the Marine Corps as factors leading to
Stollar's overwhelming stress that disrupted his mental ability.

On cross examination, Deputy District Attorney Mark V. Tranquilli asked what
else Stollar could have meant to do after luring the woman outside, killing her,
rifling through her home for money, and then stabbing her in the neck on the way
out the door.

Burstein said that by the end of that scenario, Stollar's desire was to see Heck
dead.

Tranquilli also read from a report of Stollar's interviews where he said, "I
resorted to what I learned in boot camp. The mission was completed."

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2008 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              175 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 8, 2006 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Archdiocese Is Hamstrung In Reform, Report Says

BYLINE: By KATIE ZEZIMA

SECTION: Section A; Column 6; National Desk; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 475 words

DATELINE: BOSTON, April 7


Efforts to change the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Boston in the aftermath of
the crisis of sexual abuse by clergymen have been hampered by diminished
resources, according to a report issued Friday.

''The greatest challenge presented to the archdiocese in 2005-6 is the slow pace
of organizational and cultural change in the face of diminished human and
financial resources,'' the report, compiled by an independent panel over two
years, said. ''This challenge is ignored at the peril of the church.''

The report found that the archdiocese had taken significant steps to insure that
children were protected. But, it added, the archdiocese has also suffered from
spotty carrying out of many policies, most noticeably community healing and
outreach, internal and external communication and preventative education
programs. While the archdiocese has made a ''solid beginning,'' the report said,
''continuity and assimilation are serious tasks ahead.''

The archdiocese has succeeded on several fronts, the report said: reaching
settlements with hundreds of people who say they were abused by priests;
establishing a network of therapists; running background checks on teachers and
volunteers, and creating teams for preventing child abuse.

The report called for the restructuring of the archdiocesan review board, which
oversees accusations of sexual abuse and misconduct against priests.

The board reviewed 71 cases of alleged misconduct by priests and deacons from
July 2003 to December 2005. It found probable cause of sexual abuse in 38 cases.
Sixteen of those priests have been defrocked or barred from ministry, 13 are
awaiting further processing and 9 cases are still pending. Of the remaining
cases, 23 clergy members were cleared, and 9 were barred from ministry for other
reasons, including mental illness and substance abuse. One case remains
unresolved.

Cardinal Sean P. O'Malley, the leader of the archdiocese, said the report served
as a blueprint.

''We now have a clearer understanding of what we have accomplished and what more
needs to be done to strengthen both our child protection programs and our
outreach to those who have been harmed as a result of clergy sexual abuse,''
Cardinal O'Malley said.

Mitchell Garabedian, a lawyer who has represented hundreds of people who said
they were abused by priests, said the archdiocese should use proceeds from
parish closings and land sales to finance child-protection initiatives.

''The protection of children is priceless,'' Mr. Garabedian said, ''and the
Archdiocese of Boston has to make the protection of children a top priority.''

Archdiocesan fund-raising is inching up after dropping after the sexual abuse
crisis broke here in early 2002. Last year's annual appeal netted about $11
million. In 2002 parishioners gave $8.8 million, down from a high of $17 million
in 1999.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              176 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             March 17, 2014 Monday
                                  Main Edition

PolitiFact: The Roundup

BYLINE: Nancy Badertscher; Staff

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 1137 words


PolitiFact Georgia kept tabs last week on candidate qualifying, the state
Legislature and even a comedic appearance by President Barack Obama.

We looked at a claim by state Rep. Allen Peake, R-Macon, that children who
suffer from seizures are faring remarkably well in Colorado by using medical
marijuana.

U.S. Rep. Paul Broun's camp was asked to defend claims the wannabe U.S.
senator's health care proposal will abolish Obamacare and eliminate federal
government intrusion.

President Barack Obama appeared on comedian Zach Galifianakis' faux-interview
show "Between Two Ferns," and the two set social media ablaze. But it wasn't all
laughs. The president made comments that earned him a spin on the Truth-O-Meter
on what else but ... you guessed it, health insurance.

Want to comment on our rulings or suggest one of your own? Just go to our
Facebook page (www.facebook.com/politifact.georgia). You can also follow us on
Twitter (http://twitter.com/politifactga).

Full versions can be found at www.politifact.com/georgia/.

Pot claim on seizures partially accurate

State Rep. Allen Peake, R-Macon: Every child in Colorado who has been given
medical marijuana as treatment for seizures has had diminished seizure activity.

Georgia lawmakers have been debating whether to allow the use of a form of
medical marijuana to treat certain types of seizures. The bill's primary
sponsor, Peake, offered what appeared to be a persuasive case. "(In Colorado),
100 percent of children have seen diminished seizure activity," Peake said
before his bill passed the House.

Peake said he was persuaded to introduce medical marijuana legislation after
meeting 4-year-old Haleigh Cox, who suffers from a severe seizure disorder and
lives in his area.

Peake said he received his information from the Realm of Caring Foundation, a
Colorado-based organization that has attempted to provide care to patients
suffering from cancer, AIDS, Parkinson's disease and other conditions through
the use of medicinal cannabis oil. He later clarified his statement, saying that
it was actually 98 percent of patients who had seen diminished seizure activity.

Heather Jackson, the executive director of Realm of Caring, said Peake was
correct that every patient studied in the first set of tests, "harvests" is the
term she used, had a reduction in seizures. The Realm of Caring is in its second
harvest and has seen less than a handful of nonresponders, which accounts for
Peake's revised 98 percent total.

The New York Times, though, reported in December that there is "scattered
medical research" to substantiate claims cannabis oils helped reduce seizures,
citing a 2012 study on the American Epilepsy Society's website. Other
researchers have also cautioned there is not enough research on its medicinal
benefits.

Peake's claim is partially accurate. But it needs a lot of context to be fully
understood.

Lamaker's health care bill is not unique

U.S. Rep. Paul Broun, R-Athens: "Of all of the Republican plans out there,
[mine] is the only one that completely repeals Obamacare. It takes the federal
bureaucrat out of decisions for you.

Broun, a doctor, has been telling anyone who'll listen that he has the elixir to
improve the nation's health care system.

"Dr. Broun's Patient OPTION Act (HR 2900) is the only healthcare alternative
plan that repeals Obamacare in full and removes bureaucrats from one's personal
health-care decisions," Broun spokeswoman Christine Hardman said in one email.

Hardman gave us examples to support Broun's claim. They included:

*HR 2900 does not require the secretary of Health and Human Services (or anyone
else at the federal level) to administer health plans put together by
associations. All the other bills give the secretary this power, she said.

*Broun's team says his bill does not place judicial mandates on the states while
the other bills have high federal involvement.

*The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services is phased out in Broun's plan.

We found several other bills by GOP congressmen that call for the repeal of
Obamacare.

Broun's bill raises another question. His legislation would transfer CMS' duties
to a part of the U.S. Treasury Department. Isn't that still part of the federal
bureaucracy?

PolitiFact Georgia raised that question and others to Hardman. She said there
would be fewer federal people involved on the administrative level.

Broun's bill would make Obamacare disappear. But so would other GOP proposals.
And Broun's plan does not make the bureaucracy go away.

We rated Broun's statement Mostly False.

Obama claim about uninsured young people was wrong

President Barack Obama: "Most young Americans right now, they're not covered" by
health insurance.

The appearance by Obama on comedian Zach Galifianakis' faux-interview show
"Between Two Ferns" set social media ablaze.

Like many Americans, we watched the video and thought it was pretty funny. Most
of the exchanges between Obama and Galifianakis were clearly intended to be
jokes --- nothing checkable there.

But we did find one snippet to put to the Truth-O-Meter --- when Obama said that
"most young Americans" are not covered by health insurance. We turned to data
from the U.S. Census Bureau. We found an age breakdown for Americans who were
not covered by health insurance at any time in 2012. Among people age 18 to 24,
it was 25.3 percent. And among those 25 to 34, it was 27.4 percent.

These percentages are very similar to those found in the most recently released
Gallup poll --- 23 percent of 18- to 25-year-olds are uninsured, and a little
less than 27 percent of those are age 26 to 34. (The White House did not offer
any additional data when we asked.)

What Obama said is "absolutely inaccurate," said Gail Wilensky, who headed
Medicare and Medicaid under President George H.W. Bush. Wilensky said young
people are statistically more likely to be uninsured than either children or
middle-age Americans are, but she added that most are, in fact, insured.

We rated Obama's claim False.

How does our Truth-O-Meter work?

Our goal is to help you find the truth in American politics. Reporters from The
Atlanta Journal-Constitution fact-check statements by local, state and national
political leaders, including lobbyists and interest groups. We then rate them on
the AJC Truth-O-Meter.

To fact-check a claim, reporters first contact the speaker to verify the
statement. Next, the research begins. Reporters consult a variety of sources,
including industry and academic experts. This research can take hours or a few
days or even longer, depending on the claim. Reporters then compile the research
into story form and include a recommended Truth-O-Meter ruling.

The fact check then moves on to a panel of veteran editors who debate the
statement and the reporter's recommended Truth-O-Meter ruling. The panel votes
on a final ruling; majority prevails.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2014 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              177 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 6, 2009 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Torre's Steady Hand Points Way to Playoffs Again

BYLINE: By BILLY WITZ

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Sports Desk; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1059 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


Adjacent to a clubhouse where Bob Marley's ''Redemption Song'' pulsated and
grown men in ski goggles, swim goggles and scuba masks drank and doused one
another with beer and Champagne, a more serene acknowledgment of the Dodgers'
National League West division championship took place.

Inside Manager Joe Torre's office, which is large enough to house a desk, a sofa
and a few friends and family members, the host poured Champagne into glass
flutes that had been passed around the crowded room. They celebrated with a
toast and firm embraces.

It was the celebration of someone who had been there before, which, of course,
Torre had, many times. After taking the Yankees to the playoffs in each of his
12 seasons as their manager, he has led the Dodgers to the postseason in his two
years in Los Angeles. The 14 consecutive playoff appearances equal the record
set by Atlanta Manager Bobby Cox. Just as impressive is that only 2 of those 14
Torre clubs made it to the postseason as a wild-card team.

For Torre, there was a connoisseur's appreciation of a six-month grind and a
grueling final week in which the Dodgers, who were assured of a playoff berth,
needed seven days to win the game that clinched the division title.

If Torre's work was ultimately taken for granted in New York, or diminished
because he did not win a World Series in his final seven seasons, that has not
yet happened in Los Angeles, where the team's $100 million payroll to start the
season was baseball's ninth highest, or less than half of the Yankees'.

The Dodgers led the division from April 15, but they had to make do with a
suspended, then diminished, Manny Ramirez; endured three injuries to their
opening-day starter, Hiroki Kuroda; coped with an inconsistent offense; and had
to repel late-season charges by the San Francisco Giants and the Colorado
Rockies.

''They're the familiar fingerprints of being very, very steady,'' Frank McCourt,
the Dodgers' owner, said of Torre's influence. ''For us, this was a very
up-and-down season, and Joe provides a certain leveling ingredient that prevents
the team from getting too carried away in one direction or the other.''

The Dodgers, who do not have as strong a veteran presence in the clubhouse as
Torre's Yankees did, have many more meetings than Torre called in New York. But
he has kept the atmosphere light enough for young players like outfielders Matt
Kemp and Andre Ethier to develop into burgeoning stars.

''The one thing that separates Joe from everybody else is he knows how to defuse
a bomb before it goes off,'' said Doug Mientkiewicz, a backup Dodgers first
baseman who played with the Yankees in 2007. ''Whenever you see a team not
playing well, or he sees something happen that he doesn't like, he gets it right
there before it gets out of hand.''

He added, ''You know when he's not happy.''

There was no sign of unhappiness late Saturday night when Ethier collected the
final out of the Dodgers' 5-0 division-clinching win over Colorado. The Dodgers
dashed toward the center of the diamond to celebrate, but Torre did not stay
long. In his familiar deliberate gait, he made his way toward the seats behind
home plate, striding no more rapidly than if he were heading out to make a
pitching change.

Torre leaned over the railing to hug his wife, Ali, and place a cap on his
daughter Andrea's head. It was a touching moment, but also one that gave some
dimension to Torre's streak. Andrea is 13, meaning her father's participation in
the playoffs is as perfunctory a part of fall to her as dressing up for
Halloween.

Setting the cap, which commemorated the division title, on her head was a
gesture of affection from Torre, who said moving to Los Angeles has been
difficult for his daughter. Last season she wore Yankees caps and shirts to the
games.

''I never stopped her because she's very resentful of the fact that we left New
York, which was the only home she'd ever known,'' Torre said. ''I think this
summer she came to most of the home games. She's wearing an Andre Ethier shirt.
She's a big fan now. She's at an age where she really understands it and all the
pressure that goes with it.''

That did not mean his daughter was any more comforting than the friends who
phoned and texted Torre over the last week wanting to know when his team would
clinch. After beating Pittsburgh the previous Saturday to nail down a playoff
berth, the Dodgers lost five in a row while the Rockies won five in a row,
leaving open the possibility that Colorado would snatch the title and leave the
Dodgers to open the playoffs on the road as the wild-card team.

The director Spike Lee sent Torre a message, wanting to know what was taking so
long. A brother-in-law told Torre he was coming to Los Angeles for the opener of
the first-round series. ''Good,'' Torre said to himself as first place remained
unclinched. ''Maybe we're going to Philadelphia.''

When Torre phoned Andrea from the road, where the Dodgers struggled to beat
Pittsburgh and San Diego, he told her maybe the team was just waiting to clinch
at home.

''She said, 'I hope not,' '' Torre said.

After the Dodgers finally did clinch, Torre received congratulatory calls Sunday
morning from John Wooden, the legendary U.C.L.A. basketball coach, and Lee
Mazzilli, who played and coached under Torre. In the coming days, Torre expects
to trade still more texts and phone calls with some of his friends from the
Yankees, including the trainers, security guards and clubhouse attendants he saw
virtually every day. Players who served under him in the Bronx will continue to
check in, too.

Last season, without Torre, the Yankees did not make the playoffs. This year the
possibility exists for a World Series reunion. Torre said the topic had come up
in conversation with his Yankees friends, but he realizes a reunion is a long
way off.

''My thing is, getting to the World Series would be great,'' Torre said. ''If
it's the Yankees, that's fine. The curiosity seekers are wondering what that
will be like, but I have to worry about getting our part of it done.''

If the Dodgers do their part, then end up beating the Yankees, it is easy to
picture a reprise of the scene from Saturday night. Not the celebration in the
manager's office, but the one next door, where the soundtrack -- to Torre's ears
-- would be a redemption song, indeed.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Joe Torre is in the playoffs for the 14th year in a row: 12 with
the Yankees and 2 with the Dodgers.(PHOTOGRAPH BY PETER NEWCOMB/REUTERS)(B12)
 The Dodgers have praised Joe Torre's handling of a team that includes young
stars like Andre Ethier, top, and Matt Kemp.(PHOTOGRAPH BY JACOB DE GOLISH/GETTY
IMAGES)(B15)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                              178 of 997 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 10, 2010 Friday

The Fayetteville Observer, N.C., Live Wire column

BYLINE: Catherine Pritchard, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 537 words


Sept. 10--Q: Someone ran into the back of my 2010 Mercedes-Benz. The repair is
estimated at $3,500. How can I know if my car lost its value after the accident?
If it lost value, shouldn't the other driver's insurance company be liable for
having my car repaired and reimbursing my the lost value of my car? -- J.F.,
Fayetteville

A: Sure it lost value, unless we're talking about damage so minor that it can be
repaired without a trace. A vehicle that has been in a wreck instantly loses as
much as 18 percent in cash value, according to consumer organizations. At
trade-in, the offer can be as much as 30 percent lower than for a similar
vehicle that has not been involved in an accident. This is called "diminished
value."

Insurance companies won't offer to pay you for diminished value, but that
doesn't mean you shouldn't make a claim. Tort law entitles most people in your
situation to compensation. Most insurance contracts prevent you from making such
a claim against your own insurance company, but when the other driver is at
fault you can seek compensation from their insurer. Sometimes your insurance
company will help you with that. If the other driver's insurance company balks
-- and they probably will -- you can seek help from a lawyer or auto appraiser,
or pursue the matter in small claims court yourself. To find out how much value
your car lost, consult a consumer guide such as Kelly Blue Book (kbb.com) or
Edmunds.com.

To file a claim in small claims court, you need to fill out a form in the civil
division of the Clerk of Superior Court, in room 107 of the Cumberland County
Courthouse at 117 Dick St. You can call the clerk's office at 678-2902, ext. 2.
-- G.P.

Q: The World Equestrian Games will be held in America for the first time, in
Lexington, Ky., from Sept. 25 to Oct. 10. Will it be televised on cable in any
kind of programming here in Fayetteville? -- R.G., Fayetteville

A: According to the event's website, the games will be broadcast on NBC Sports.
The website rather breathlessly says it's "the largest commitment to network
coverage of equestrian sport in U.S. television history." How much coverage that
will actually amount to isn't clear yet. An item on the Horsechannel fan website
claimed NBC would broadcast highlights over three weekends. We were unable to
confirm that. Keep an eye on the NBC schedule once the games are under way.
Also, if you have a computer, the event's official website at
(www.alltechfeigames.com) will post video from the games. -- G.P.

Live Wire seeks to answer questions of general interest and consumer topics
within two weeks. Initials are used to identify questioners when names are
given. Contact Live Wire at livewire@fayobserver.com,
http://blogs.fayobserver.com/livewire or 486-3516.

Tweet

To see more of The Fayetteville Observer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.fayettevillenc.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Fayetteville
Observer, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100910-FY-The-Fayetteville-Observer-N-C-Live-Wire-column-0910-20100910

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2010 The Fayetteville Observer


                              179 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                             March 14, 2008 Friday

Yields: Indexes Mixed as Negative Sessions Outweigh Positive

BYLINE: Michael Scarchilli

SECTION: INVESTORS & INVESTING; Pg. 33 Vol. 363 No. 32838

LENGTH: 444  words


The Bond Buyer's weekly yield indexes were mixed this week, as positive sessions
were slightly outweighed by negative ones, particularly away from the short end
of the municipal yield curve.

"The positive momentum has diminished," said Matt Fabian, managing director at
Municipal Market Advisors. "I think we're still probably biased positively, but
the momentum has diminished quite a bit. We're probably more now stable to
positive, as opposed to generally positive. Now, with sort of a fall in
high-grade yields, you would think that you'd see more credit and term spreads
developing, as those bonds cheapen up back through retail support levels."

The municipal market was firmer by five to seven basis points Friday as the
strong demand for tax-exempt securities seen last week continued. By Monday,
however, the demand had weakened some, as munis were unchanged to slightly
firmer ahead of a full slate of new-issue supply set to hit the market this
week.

Tax-exempts then weakened Tuesday by five to seven basis points, following the
Treasury market, which sold off after the Federal Reserve announced a plan to
loan dealers up to $200 billion in Treasury securities to help ease tightness in
the credit market.

Municipals were then mixed Wednesday, as firmness on the short end of the curve
was balanced by weakness on the longer end.

Yesterday, the muni market was unchanged to slightly weaker, following
Treasuries, as two $1 billion transactions were priced in the primary market.
Lehman Brothers priced $1.1 billion of general revenue bonds for New York's
Triborough Bridge and Tunnel Authority and Bear, Stearns & Co. priced $1 billion
of power supply revenue bonds for the California Department of Water Resources.

The Bond Buyer 20-bond index of GO yields rose two basis points this week to
4.94%, but remained below its level from two weeks ago, when it was 5.11%.

The 11-bond index also rose two basis points, to 4.85%, but remained below its
5.02% level from two weeks ago.

The revenue bond index rose four basis points to 5.15%, but remained below its
5.22% level from two weeks ago.

The 10-year Treasury note fell seven basis points to 3.54%, which is the lowest
it has been since July 2, 2003, when it was also 3.54%.

The 30-year Treasury bond fell one basis point to 4.57%, but remained above its
4.53% level from two weeks ago.

The Bond Buyer one-year note index fell 18 basis points to 2.07%, its lowest
level in a month, since it was 1.02% on Feb. 13.

The weekly average yield to maturity on The Bond Buyer 40-bond municipal bond
index finished at 5.14%, down nine basis points from last week's 5.23%.

http://www.bondbuyer.com/ http://www.sourcemedia.com/

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: b


                        Copyright 2008 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              180 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 12, 2011 Wednesday

Bainbridge Island Civil Service commissioner resigns, cites diminished
independence

BYLINE: Tristan Baurick, Kitsap Sun, Bremerton, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 526 words


Oct. 12--BAINBRIDGE ISLAND -- A Bainbridge Civil Service Commission member has
resigned in protest of what he calls the commission's diminished independence
from the city administration.

"It has become abundantly clear to me that the majority of the City Council and
the city administration do not believe in keeping the Civil Service Commission
of Bainbridge Island as a truly independent body ..." commission member Robert
Fernandez wrote in a resignation letter sent to the council on Monday night.

His resignation was effective immediately, and he will not attend the
commission's monthly meeting on Friday.

Fernandez, a former captain with the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department, is
particularly concerned about the recent appointment of the city manager's
secretary as the commission's chief examiner, a position previously held by
independent contractor Kim Hendrickson.

"That's not independent in perception or in actuality," he said on Tuesday.
"It's not independent at all."

The Bainbridge police officer's union also protested the secretary's appointment
on similar grounds.

Fernandez said the examiner's independence is crucial in assisting with the
oversight of police hiring decisions. The examiner keeps the commission's
records, supervises police examinations, and has the authority to administer
oaths, subpoenas and can require the attendance of witnesses during commission
investigations.

Hendrickson had been raising questions about police hiring standards, proposed
demotions and other matters.

Mayor Kirsten Hytopoulos said the commission continues to act independently from
the council and administration. She stressed that the commission members -- not
the examiner -- make decisions on police hiring and other civil service matters.

"We respect the independent (commission), which is actually the independent body
that makes decisions," she said. "They are the ones with the power."

Hytopoulos noted that the council has taken pains to craft a fair process for
responding to Hendrickson's complaints about the commission and her firing.

Having a city staff member handle the examiner's responsibilities is common
practice at other cities, she added.

Fernandez voted against the three-member commission's decision in August to
terminate Hendrickson's contract and replace her with a city employee.
Hendrickson has filed complaints alleging that the other two members, David Hand
and George McKinney, broke open meetings rules, doctored meeting minutes and
failed to carry out their oversight responsibilities. Hand and McKinney resigned
after Hendrickson made her allegations public but promptly rescinded their
resignations. They deny wrongdoing.

Fernandez also says meeting minutes were altered by the other commissioners.

"I object to that, and I don't want to be a part of any group that functions
that way," he said.

Fernandez was appointed to the commission in April after more than 30 years with
the L.A County Sheriff's Department and a stint teaching criminal justice at
Olympic College.

___ (c)2011 the Kitsap Sun (Bremerton, Wash.) Visit the Kitsap Sun (Bremerton,
Wash.) at www.kitsapsun.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111012-1BR-Bainbridge-Island-Civil-Service-commissioner-resigns-cites-
diminished-independence-1012-20111012

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1BR


                           Copyright 2011 Kitsap Sun


                              181 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 25, 2015 Wednesday

Winter Storm Warning Issued by NWS Fairbanks (Northern Alaska - Fairbanks)

LENGTH: 132 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: US Dept of Commerce National Weather Service has issued the
following news release:



 Winter Storm Warning

 Alert:





 ...WINTER STORM WARNING REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL NOON AKST

 TODAY...



 A WINTER STORM WARNING REMAINS IN EFFECT UNTIL NOON AKST TODAY.



 * SNOW...HAS DIMINISHED.



 * WINDS...SOUTH GUSTING UP TO 50 MPH FROM DELTA JUNCTION SOUTH.



 * TIMING...SNOW AND BLOWING SNOW HAVE NOW DIMINISHED. WINDS WILL

 DECREASE THIS MORNING.



 * IMPACTS...TRAVEL AND OUTDOOR ACTIVITIES WILL BE DIFFICULT.



 Instructions:    A WINTER STORM WARNING MEANS ONE OR MORE SIGNIFICANT WINTER
WEATHER HAZARDS ARE OCCURRING OR EXPECTED.

 Target Area:

 Deltana and Tanana Flats



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              182 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                             July 7, 2005 Thursday

Judith Miller in Jail

SECTION: EDITORIAL & OPINION; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 373 words


As Judith Miller wakes up from her first night in jail, we are moved to offer
our own modest salute among the many that will be raised this day. She is one of
the most admirable newspaperwomen of her generation. This has been known to
readers of the New York Times for years, and it has not been diminished a whit
by the controversy and caviling, including in the Times itself, over her
reporting on the search for weapons of mass destruction in Iraq or the
consternation that has resulted among the glitterati of Manhattan as she has
bored in on the oil-for-food scandal at the United Nations.

And it needn't be diminished in the least by the controversy over the kind of
sourcing agreements reporters should or shouldn't be permitted to make as they
pursue the news here in America. Our own view is that, as a general matter,
newspapermen and women would be wise to be extremely chary of making agreements
that might bind them to disobey a lawful court order. But we've experienced
enough of the kind of judgments one has to make on or off deadline to be chary
of second-guessing Ms. Miller's decisions.

The notion that Ms. Miller acted contemptuously of the court was belied by her
comments in court yesterday, when she addressed Judge Hogan's warning about
anarchy. "I have chronicled," she said, "what happens on the dark side of the
world when the law is an arbitrary foil that serves the powerful, in Iraq under
Saddam Hussein, for instance, in Syria, in Iran, and in the former Soviet Union.
I do not take our freedom for granted." We don't think she meant to suggest
American law was an arbitrary foil, on the contrary, just that she wasn't
contemptuous of the court.

Judith Miller may be in jail this morning, but she has got the better of the
federal prosecutor - and judge, for that matter - who put her there. It may be
that in America, no person is above the law. But from time to time, it turns out
that the law is, as Dickens famously said once in England, an ass, and this is
clearly one of them. We can't say we exactly enjoyed getting scooped by Ms.
Miller, but she doesn't belong in prison. And the sooner the custodians of our
laws manage to find a way to get her out and back at her typewriter, the better
for our republic.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              183 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                           December 10, 2011 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Wildlife;
Sweets for the sweet

BYLINE: Jeremy Farr

SECTION: TELEGRAPH MAGAZINE;FEATURES; Pg. 6,7

LENGTH: 644 words


The clues are in the juvenile names, the frivolous packaging, the billions spent
on marketing: sweets are for children. Indeed, is there anything better for
quieting a whingeing offspring (until the resultant sugar rush brings its own
set of problems)? So the sight of rich, famous and powerful grown-ups sneaking
bonbons and sucking lollies like eight-year-olds at breaktime brings mixed
feelings. On the one hand, it is reassuring that such hardboiled types as Arnie
Schwarzenegger have soft centres like the rest of us, and are soothed by the
temporary high of a sucrose fix. On the other, you feel their stature is somehow
diminished by being caught in flagrante with a Curly-Wurly.

That is assuming there is any stature left to be diminished. Silvio Berlusconi
was once Italy's favourite sweet-talking spearmint rhino; now he is a man for
whom the phrase pick'n'mix has nothing but tawdry implications. When the world's
against you and there's no prospect of even a little bunga-bunga in the near
future, who can begrudge you a comforting packet of Haribo?

Berlusconi is not the first world leader to keep the candy handy. As if it
wasn't scary enough that Ronald Reagan, the most powerful man on the planet,
thought it amusing at the height of the Cold War to announce the bombing of
Russia (only joking!), a permanent fixture on his desk in the Oval Office, next
to the nuclear button and his colouring crayons, was a big jar of jelly beans.

Jeremy Farr

Power candy

1 Ronald Reagan began eating jelly beans to kick his pipe-smoking habit in the
late 1960s, but quickly became addicted to the sweets instead. Here he is
tucking into a jar in 1981, the year of his inauguration. 2 Arnold
Schwarzenegger, the man who chose bodybuilding as a career at 14 and served as
Governor of California until this year, was spotted in California last month
sucking a lollipop. 3 Barack Obama was snapped with a sweet snack when he
arrived in Dresden for a meeting with the German Chancellor Angela Merkel in
2009. 4 The day before Silvio Berlusconi resigned in November he sneaked a
packet of Haribo into a meeting at the Chamber of Deputies in Rome.

In praise of sweets past

5 After losing his world heavyweight title to his fellow American Joe Frazier
over 15 rounds in March 1971, Muhammad Ali scoffs what looks similar to the
British favourite - a Fab ice lolly - to ease his disappointment. 6 In 1952, the
year she filmed Singin' in the Rain with Gene Kelly, Debbie Reynolds was
photographed with a counter full of candy. 7 Frankie Howerd didn't shy away from
tasting a stick of rock when he was in Blackpool for a show in 1949 - he liked
it so much he put two in his pocket for later.

Suck it and see

8 Because stars can't just suck lollipops for a sweet fix, like everyone else,
blogs have begun to report that Jennifer Aniston is trying to quit smoking, so
has taken to lollipops. 9 The Knocked Up star Katherine Heigl, here in Beverly
Hills last month, is more often than not pictured with a little stick popping
out of her mouth when she is papped pounding the pavements. 10 It seems Heidi
Klum managed to steal a lollipop from her daughter Lou's trick or treat bucket
without the two-year-old noticing.

Buying frenzy

11 While her son Romeo goggled at everything on offer at Dylan's Candy Store in
New York in 2008, Victoria Beckham went straight for the gobstoppers. 12 Suri
Cruise, though she likes to act mature by wearing high heels and lipstick, has
not yet grown out of the excitement of visiting the sweetie shop with her
parents. Here Katie Holmes and Tom Cruise help their daughter stock up on
pick'n'mix at Dylan's in April. 13 During his visit to Japan last month the
Dalai Lama held a memorial service for the victims of the Japanese earthquake
and tsunami in the city of Ishinomaki and also managed to squeeze in a trip to a
local convenience store selling sweets.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GETTY IMAGES. NPG.COM. FLYNET. PHOTOSHOT. CAPTIONS BY GEORGIA DEHN REX
FEATURES. SPLASH NEWS. WENN.COM.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2011 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              184 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                                November 6, 2006

10th Circuit rules no-fault insurance law doesn't require coverage for
diminished value

BYLINE: Lawyers USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 407  words


Colorado's no-fault insurance law does not require insurers to pay for the
diminution in value of an automobile, the 10th Circuit has ruled.

Two insureds filed a putative class action against their insurer, State Farm,
seeking reimbursement for the diminution in value of their vehicles. They
alleged that under the Colorado Auto Reparations Act (also known as the "No
Fault Act") insurers were required to provide diminished value compensation
through collision insurance, which they had both purchased.

State Farm filed a motion to dismiss, arguing that the insurance policies
expressly stated that the plaintiffs' collision coverage did not include payment
for any diminished value after repair, and that the policies were not
inconsistent with the No Fault Act.

The court agreed.

"The No Fault Act in effect during all relevant times states that, 'All insurers
shall offer collision coverage for damage to insured motor vehicles. Collision
coverage shall provide insurance without regard to fault against accidental
property damage to the insured motor vehicle. ' The language of the No Fault Act
with regard to collision coverage is mandatory. Thus, insurers must offer
collision coverage. The No Fault Act does not, however, clearly delineate the
scope of that coverage other than indicating that it must cover 'damage' to
insured motor vehicles. The No Fault Act does not contain a definition of the
term 'damage,'" the court said.

"By requiring that insurers offer collision coverage but allowing consumers to
choose whether to purchase such coverage, the Colorado legislature intended for
consumers to have a choice in whether to contract for such coverage. A
reasonable consumer would likely make this choice based on the amount of
coverage, the amount of the deductible and the premium to be paid. Under [the
plaintiffs'] interpretation of the No Fault Act, an insurer would be required to
provide coverage that included diminution in value, and a consumer would then
have to choose between purchasing this coverage at whatever the cost or
purchasing no collision coverage at all. This is not a reasonable interpretation
of the No Fault Act. It is more reasonable to assume that the Colorado
legislature intended for consumers to have a broader range of choices in
purchasing optional coverage. "

Lovell v. State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co. (Lawyers USA No. 9934421)
U.S. Court of Appeals, 10th Circuit No. 04-1429. Oct. 18, 2006.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              185 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            November 1, 2011 Tuesday
                            PITTSBURGH PRESS EDITION

MONEY WHERE OUR NATION NEEDS IT MOST

BYLINE: HAROLD MEYERSON

SECTION: EDITORIAL; VIEWPOINTS; Pg. A-4

LENGTH: 746 words


Who will rebuild America? Despite the indisputable decay of our roads, bridges,
ports, airports and schools, no one has come forward to patch them up, much less
build their more efficient and attractive successors.

"Prior to 1975," says Bernard Schwartz, the former chief executive of defense
and aerospace manufacturer Loral Corp., who has taken on the rebuilding of our
infrastructure as a personal crusade, "we spent 3 percent of our GDP on
infrastructure. Since then, we've spent 2 percent.

If you add up that difference over the years, it comes to about $2 trillion,
which is the amount that the American Society of Civil Engineers says would be
required to bring our infrastructure up to par."

What happened in 1975? It's roughly the midpoint between the federal
government's enactment of Medicare and the indexing of Social Security, which
greatly diminished poverty among U.S. seniors, and the Howard Jarvis/Ronald
Reagan tax revolt, which greatly diminished government revenues. That left fewer
funds for public construction projects, but at the time, our infrastructure was
still pretty spiffy -- the interstate highway system had only recently been
completed, and the jet-age airports in major U.S. cities were still relatively
new.

Today they're sagging, and they're dragging the country down with them. But
government, hamstrung by austerity-obsessed centrists and the anti-government
radical right, is not stepping up to rebuild them. A bill to establish a federal
infrastructure bank has been introduced in the Senate by Massachusetts Democrat
John Kerry and Texas Republican Kay Bailey Hutchison, but it's hard to imagine
the do-nothing House Republicans supporting such a measure.

Which leaves -- whom? U.S. banks and corporations are sitting on trillions of
dollars, but there's scant indication they want to invest it in America. A
recent column in the Wall Street Journal called on U.S. billionaires to put
their money into public projects in return for tax benefits and naming rights.
(The Rupert Murdoch Sewage Treatment Plant? Has a ring to it.) I'm not aware of
any takers who've come forth, however, to answer this plea.

But there are other pots of money in the United States -- most prominently, our
pension funds. And one group of pension funds has already begun to pony up the
bucks to rebuild the nation: those controlled (at least in part) by America's
unions.

The retirement set-asides for unionized public employees and construction
workers go into funds that their unions and their employers jointly control. In
June, AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka announced that unions would invest $10
billion over the next five years in infrastructure projects.

Since then, the AFL-CIO's construction-worker division has put $200 million of
pension money into retrofitting buildings, while the retirement funds of
California teachers and other public employees have committed between $1.1
billion and $1.4 billion to infrastructure projects in the state. (Bound by
their fiduciary responsibility to the retirees, the funds' trustees must be
confident that the projects will generate revenues, through tolls, fees, and the
economic growth that such projects engender.)

"At a time when banks have frozen investment and municipalities have frozen
borrowing, we've decided to step forward," says Randi Weingarten, the president
of the American Federation of Teachers.

In January, Mr. Weingarten began meeting with the leaders of other major public
employee unions, including some -- the Service Employees International Union,
the National Education Association -- that aren't AFL-CIO members.

They decided to commit a share of their retirement funds to projects that shored
up the nation's infrastructure. The Clinton Global Initiative (CGI) assisted
them, setting up meetings between the union leaders and supportive state
treasurers.

The former president himself touted these efforts at a CGI meeting last month.
"This is a huge deal," he said. "This system will work, and you get guaranteed
savings."

Public-employee pension benefits have taken a lot of heat in recent years. Many
have questioned their affordability, while Republicans such as Wisconsin Gov.
Scott Walker and Ohio Gov. John Kasich have sought to effectively banish
public-employee unions in the bargain.

But such unions not only represent U.S. workers, they also are among America's
major investors -- just about the only big investors these days who are putting
their money where the nation needs it most.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              186 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                            October 11, 2002 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Plans reveal class size does matter Series: FACE-OFF OVER SCHOOLS Third of a
four-part series. The News-Journal examines the single issue voters have
identified as the most important in the gubernatorial race: education.
WEDNESDAY: Writer Laura Zuckerman examined Gov. Jeb Bush's record on education
and the different indicators of how successful his plans have been. THURSDAY:
The tangle over testing -- Candidates disagree on how the FCAT test and school
vouchers should be used to encourage accountability. TODAY: Class size matters
-- Governor and challenger debate the proposed constitutional amendment on class
size. DAY 4: A tale of two plans -- Each candidate presents a program for
improving the school system.

BYLINE: Laura Zuckerman Staff Writer

SECTION: A; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 551  words


Republican Gov. Jeb Bush and Democratic challenger Bill McBride are engaged in
an ongoing war of words concerning class size.

Bush is working to defeat a proposed constitutional amendment aimed at reducing
the number of students per class, while McBride is supporting it.

The proposed amendment, which will appear on the Nov. 5 ballot, would cap class
sizes for grades K-3 at 18 students, 22 in grades 4- 8, and 25 in high school.

Bush says the state can't afford to pay the measure's high price - - with
official estimates ranging from $8.5 billion to $27.5 billion during its
eight-year phase-in -- and has predicted it would create "diminished teacher
quality in Florida and diminished results."

Amendment 9 was crafted and pushed by Democrats after their legislative
proposals aimed at forcing a reduction in class size failed to gain the support
of the Republican majority.

McBride has proposed helping to pay for more classrooms with a five-year, $1
billion school-construction program backed by bonding $100 million in lottery
funds. He also has pledged to earmark another $300 million to pay for teachers
and equipment for the added classrooms. He also has proposed a 50-cent per pack
tax on cigarettes to help fund school construction.

After months of deriding the amendment but offering no alternative, Bush last
month unveiled his plan to limit class size, which he presented at an appearance
last month in Daytona Beach.

At the heart of Bush's proposal is a five-year school construction plan worth
$2.8 billion. The money would be produced by issuing bonds that depend on the
future growth of a state sales tax on communications services.

Bush's intention to work to derail the constitutional amendment on class size --
even if voters approve it -- hit the news last week when his unguarded comments
to a group of Panhandle lawmakers about a "devious plan" were recorded by a
Gannett News Service reporter.

Bush and his appointees have offered mixed messages about class size, with
Secretary of Education Jim Horne in June reporting to the Florida Board of
Education that the state's top-performing elementaries -- based on FCAT scores
-- had the largest class sizes.

That led board Chairman Phil Handy to conclude that smaller class size didn't
appear to be key to a school's high performance on the test, a remark that
touched off a firestorm of criticism by parents, teachers and supporters of the
class-size reduction amendment.

Although Horne and the board have since distanced themselves from those remarks,
the question of class size heads the list of concerns among a group of about 200
parents, teachers and administrators in Volusia County who meet monthly -- or
network via e-mail -- to discuss education issues.

"Everybody understands the general principle that the smaller the class, the
more attention your child is going to get and the better the educational
environment is going to be," said Nancy Holman, chairwoman of Citizens for
Excellent Schools and the mother of two students at Tomoka Elementary in Ormond
Beach. "Smaller classes are an absolute key issue."

But even members of the group appear split on whether to support Amendment 9,
she said.

"Everybody supports lowering class size, but some are not sure a constitutional
amendment is the way to go."

laura.zuckerman@news-jrnl.com

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 2 PHOTOS
Caption: Photo 1: Jeb Bush Photo 2: Bill McBride

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2002 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2002 News-Journal Corporation


                              187 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            November 20, 2009 Friday

Kentucky governor: Chances of luring Harley away 'diminished'

BYLINE: CHRISTINA KAUFFMAN -- The York Dispatch

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 379 words


As Harley-Davidson's York union members were meeting Friday morning to review
their new contract proposal, officials in Kentucky have lost some hope that the
company will relocate to Shelbyville, Ky.

Kentucky Gov. Steve Beshear said in a statement Thursday that the potential for
pulling off a deal with the company is "significantly diminished" because the
union is presenting a contract to its membership.

"With the recent union vote and published reports, it appears our opportunity is
significantly diminished," he said in the statement. "Nevertheless, we will
continue our discussions with the company and do all that we can to bring jobs
to Kentucky until a final decision is made."

The union hasn't actually voted on the contract, but its leadership has settled
on a contract proposal. Leadership presented the is presenting the proposal to
membership in advance of a vote scheduled for Dec. 2 so workers have time to
digest the proposal before casting their vote.

Kerri Richardson, the governor's spokesperson, told The (Shelbyville)
Sentinel-News that Beshear's comments were based on information he had received
concerning Harley's negotiations in York.

"We're not out of it yet, but we're concerned based on some information that is
coming out of York and some published reports that indicate that maybe it's not
looking so good for us." Richardson told the newspaper. "We're basing that on a
report from last night that the union leadership and Harley have come to a
tentative agreement and they will present that for a vote in December."

Meanwhile, local officials in Shelby County, Ky. told the Sentinel they were
shocked at the governor's statement, saying they didn't think anything had
changed.

As part of their efforts to lure the company, officials in Kentucky have
accelerated plans to re-zone a 200-plus-acre plot from agricultural to
industrial to accommodate a plant.

Beshear had recently announced that he might call a special session in December
to consider an economic incentive package for the company.

--The Associated Press and The (Shelbyville, Ky.) Sentinel-News contributed to
this report. Reach Christina Kauffman at 505-5436 or ckauffma n@yorkdispatch.com

Also see

Contract would cut Harley workforce by more than half

Details of the proposed contract

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              188 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           December 16, 2006 Saturday

Testing ordered in abuse defense

BYLINE: Ben Winslow Deseret Morning News

LENGTH: 365 words


ST. GEORGE -- A man who walked into the Purgatory Jail and confessed to sexually
abusing two girls will undergo a psychological evaluation.

A lawyer for Nestor Jesus Cabada filed papers here, notifying the courts that he
will be using a defense that suggests Cabada may have not have been mentally
able to recognize what he was doing.

The notice filed on Dec. 5 by lawyer Douglas Terry says that he will "present
evidence that he had diminished mental capacity at the time of the alleged
offense."

During a hearing in 5th District Court on Wednesday, Cabada was ordered to
undergo a psychological evaluation.

"Diminished capacity" is based on the legal concept that as a result of a mental
disorder, a defendant could not form the intent for the crime he or she is
charged with. However, they could be convicted of a lesser offense.

Cabada, 37, is charged with 15 counts of aggravated sex abuse, sodomy on a child
and rape of a child, all first-degree felonies that carry a possible sentence of
life in prison.

An arrest warrant affidavit filed with the criminal charges said that Cabada
walked into the lobby of the Purgatory Jail and began confessing to sexually
abusing two girls.

Washington County Sheriff's Lt. Jake Adams said the man began confessing to him
so quickly, he had to cut him off midsentence and read Cabada his Miranda
rights.

"He just starts putting it out there," Adams told the Deseret Morning News in
November.

Police said Cabada confessed to sexually abusing two girls. The abuse allegedly
took place in Hurricane and Washington City. The victims have been questioned
and corroborated the abuse.

Adams said Cabada was prompted to turn himself in by clergy in his Jehovah's
Witness congregation, who urged him to "get right with God."

"He made reference to being worried about his eternal soul for what he had done.
I don't know if he wanted to get help for himself. I get the sense he wanted his
victims to have access to help," Adams said. "He wanted to make things better
generally."

Prosecutors said in court papers they may call the girls to the witness stand
should the case go to trial. A statement from Cabada himself may also be used in
court. E-mail: bwinslow@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              189 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                                 July 14, 2008

Kentucky Supreme Court rejected med-mal claim for 'lost chance of survival'

BYLINE: Lawyers USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 301  words


Medical malpractice plaintiffs cannot recover for a decedent's lost or
diminished chance of survival due to a late cancer diagnosis, the Kentucky
Supreme Court has ruled. The husband of a woman whose doctor failed to diagnose
the stomach cancer that killed her sued her doctor. The trial judge rejected the
husband's request for an instruction asking the jury to decide whether the
doctor's actions caused his wife to "lose a measurable chance of surviving her
cancer. " The jury found in favor of the doctor.

On appeal, the doctor argued that no precedent had recognized the "lost chance
of survival" doctrine in Kentucky and that it should not be recognized.

The court agreed, reversing the Court of Appeals. (See "Med-mal plaintiff can
recover for 'lost chance of survival,'" Lawyers USA, April 11, 2005. Search
terms for Lawyers USA website: Kemper and stomach.)

"We are fully appreciative of the [husband's] point that the standard of proof
in the lost or diminished chance doctrine would still be anchored in the
requirement of probabilities. ... [But the] reasonable probability of a chance
of survival is still just a possibility," the court said.

"[T]here remains great wisdom in ensuring that our laws offer redress for those
wronged by medical malpractice based on reasonable probabilities and substantial
cause, not on chance or mere possibility. Perfection is not part of human
nature, and rarely does wisdom say one thing and nature another. ...

"In short, this court declines to expand tort liability by judicial legislation
in a matter of such far reaching consequence to our citizens. "

However, the court granted the husband a new trial on other grounds.

It cited a similar case from Vermont.

Kentucky Supreme Court. Kemper v. Gordon, No. 2005-SC-000306-DG. June 19, 2008.
Lawyers USA No. 99310215.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              190 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 8, 2017 Wednesday

South Dakota: City Ends 2016 with Increased Reserves

LENGTH: 296 words

DATELINE: New York



 Pierre: The City of Pierre, South Dakota has issued the following news release:




 During the 2016 fiscal year, the City of Pierre was able to cut costs and
consequently grow its reserves by $1.5-million.





 "This is a significant accomplishment," said Leon Schochenmaier, City
Administrator. "The 2011 Missouri River flood greatly diminished the city's
reserve fund.  For the last five years, we have been working to rebuild it."



 Schochenmaier says that the flood response effort significantly diminished
reserves. Funds were further depleted by flood recovery efforts like rebuilding
infrastructure along the waterfront. Softening sales tax receipts have also made
it more challenging for the reserve fund to rebound.



 "Despite lower than projected sales tax receipts, the City Commission remained
committed to rebuilding the reserve fund and challenged city employees to find
cost cutting measures to help grow the account," said Schochenmaier.



 City staff answered that challenge by cutting expenses by more than $5-million
last year.  Twila Hight, City Finance Director, says that cuts certainly caused
some discomfort.



 "Prior to the cost-cutting challenge, our budget was already pretty slim," said
Hight. "Our staff did a fantastic job of finding low-cost and no-cost ways to
meet needs."



 As a result of those cost-cutting measures, the City's 2016 expenses came in at
$2.3 million under revenues.  This allowed the City to secure $1.5 million for
the reserve fund and end the year with $6.6 million in reserves.



 Schochenmaier says that the increase in reserves brings the city one step
closer to the commission's goal of an $8.6 million reserve fund.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              191 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                             Algeria Press Service

                          September 22, 2016 Thursday

Terrorist threat has not diminished, but spread to other countries

BYLINE: redacteuren7@apsdz.no-ip.org (FLIH)

LENGTH: 60 words


NEW YORK- The terrorist threat "has not diminished and has unfortunately spread
to a growing number of countries," said Wednesday, in New York, the minister of
Maghreb Affairs, African Union and the Arab League Abdelkader Messahel.

APS  2016.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/136/386/46/147455340246.jpg

Terrorist threat has not diminished, but spread to other countries


LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 386


                               Copyright 2016 APS
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              192 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 8, 2016 Friday

Corridor Management Pilot Projects, 2004

LENGTH: 359  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Des Moines: Iowa Library Service has issued the following news release:



   Managing existing and newly constructed highway corridors has recently become
a significant concern in many states, including Iowa.

As urban land and land on the urban fringe develops, there is pressure to add
features such as commercial driveways, at-grade public road intersections, and
traffic signals to arterial highway routes that should primarily serve
high-speed traffic. This diminishes the speed and traffic capacity of such
roadways and can also cause significant safety issues. if mobility and safety
are diminished, the value of the highway investment is diminished. Since a major
highway corridor improvement may cost tens of millions of dollars or more,
corridor management is as critical to preserving that investment as is more
"hard side" management practices such as pavement or bridge management. Corridor
management is a process that applies access management principles to highway
corridors in an attempt to balance the competing needs of traffic service,
safety, and support for land development. This project helped to identify routes
that should be given high priority for corridor management. The pilot study in
the form of two corridor management case studies provides an analytical process
that can be replicated along the other Iowa commuting corridors using commonly
available transportation and land use data resources. It also offers a general
set of guidelines for the Iowa Department of Transportation to use in the
development of its own comprehensive corridor management program.

 Item Type:     Departmental Report

 Keywords:     Access control (Transportation), Case studies, Highway corridors,
Highway safety, Mobility, Pilot studies, Real estate development

 Subjects:     Transportation

 Transportation > Traffic Management

 Transportation > Roads and highways

 Transportation > Design and Construction

 ID Code:     21343

 Deposited By:     Iowa DOT Library

 Deposited On:     08 Jan 2016 15:01

 Last Modified:     08 Jan 2016 15:01



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              193 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 8, 2016 Friday

Corridor Management Pilot Projects, 2004

LENGTH: 359  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Des Moines: Iowa Library Service has issued the following news release:



   Managing existing and newly constructed highway corridors has recently become
a significant concern in many states, including Iowa.

As urban land and land on the urban fringe develops, there is pressure to add
features such as commercial driveways, at-grade public road intersections, and
traffic signals to arterial highway routes that should primarily serve
high-speed traffic. This diminishes the speed and traffic capacity of such
roadways and can also cause significant safety issues. if mobility and safety
are diminished, the value of the highway investment is diminished. Since a major
highway corridor improvement may cost tens of millions of dollars or more,
corridor management is as critical to preserving that investment as is more
"hard side" management practices such as pavement or bridge management. Corridor
management is a process that applies access management principles to highway
corridors in an attempt to balance the competing needs of traffic service,
safety, and support for land development. This project helped to identify routes
that should be given high priority for corridor management. The pilot study in
the form of two corridor management case studies provides an analytical process
that can be replicated along the other Iowa commuting corridors using commonly
available transportation and land use data resources. It also offers a general
set of guidelines for the Iowa Department of Transportation to use in the
development of its own comprehensive corridor management program.

 Item Type:     Departmental Report

 Keywords:     Access control (Transportation), Case studies, Highway corridors,
Highway safety, Mobility, Pilot studies, Real estate development

 Subjects:     Transportation

 Transportation > Traffic Management

 Transportation > Roads and highways

 Transportation > Design and Construction

 ID Code:     21343

 Deposited By:     Iowa DOT Library

 Deposited On:     08 Jan 2016 15:01

 Last Modified:     08 Jan 2016 15:01



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              194 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                 Value Of Texas

                               7804 Llano Avenue
                             Fort Worth,  TX 76116
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (817) 455-2263
URL: www.diminishedvalueoftexas.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Diminished Value of Texas provides diminished value appraisal services only
and the company nor its employees provide any type of legal advice to its
clients. If you have specific questions regarding your rights or a legal issue
you should contact an attorney. Under no circumstances is any information
provided by Diminished Value of Texas or its employees, regardless of whether it
is verbal or written, be construed as legal advice.  We do apologize for the
directness of the above however, we at Diminished Value of Texas are not nor do
we employ attorneys.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              195 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                             August 29, 2011 Monday
                                 First Edition

New York City escapes Irene's ire Damage along East Coast may reach $7b

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: CANADA / WORLD; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 868  words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Stripped of hurricane rank, tropical storm Irene spent the last of its fury
Sunday, leaving treacherous flooding and millions without power, but an unfazed
New York and relief that it was nothing like the nightmare authorities feared.

Slowly, the East Coast surveyed the damage, up to $7 billion by one private
estimate. For many the danger had not passed: rivers and creeks turned into
raging torrents tumbling with limbs and parts of buildings in northern New
England and upstate New York.

"This is not over," President Barack Obama said from the Rose Garden.

As waves continued to pound the shores east and north of America's biggest city,
New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg lifted the evacuation order for 370,000
people in low-lying areas. Irene sent seawater surging into lower Manhattan's
streets, but the city appeared to escape the worst fears of urban disaster -
vast power outages, hurricane-shattered skyscraper windows and severe flooding.

There was no immediate indication when New York might start its subways again,
but the New York Stock Exchange was ready to open for trading Monday.

New England residents were feeling the brunt of the diminished but
still-dangerous storm, which will cause flooding and winds that could topple
many towering trees anchored in soil already saturated by earlier heavy rains.
The storm was expected to move over eastern Canada by Sunday night.

In Massachusetts, the National Guard had to help people leave their homes. The
ski resort town of Wilmington, Vt., was flooded, but nobody could get to it
because both state roads leading there were under water.

"This is the worst I've ever seen in Vermont," said Mike O'Neil, the state
emergency management director.

Forecasters said Irene, while diminished in strength, was still massive and
powerful, with mighty winds extending hundreds of kilometres from the centre.
Early damage estimates were in the billions of dollars.

Before Irene hit New York City, its winds weakened to 104 km/h after its long
journey up the East Coast, where it dropped about 30 centimetres of rain on
North Carolina and Virginia. The National Hurricane Center downgraded the storm
after its winds fell below 119 km/h, the threshold for a hurricane.

By Sunday afternoon, the storm had weakened to winds of 80 km/h as it neared
northern New England. The system was moving twice as quickly as the day before.

Obama said at a White House news conference that the public is still at risk of
flooding and power outages and urged those in its path to be vigilant.

As the eye of the sprawling storm blew through New York and Long Island to the
east, it pushed an Atlantic storm surge toward New York. Briny water from New
York Harbor submerged parts of a promenade at the base of the island of
Manhattan. About 30 centimetres of water rushed over the wall of a marina in
front of the New York Mercantile Exchange, where gold and oil are traded.

The huge storm had threatened 65 million people up and down the Atlantic Coast,
estimated as the largest number of Americans ever affected by a single storm.

Insured damage from Irene will range between $2 billion and $3 billion, and the
total losses will likely be about $7 billion, according to preliminary estimates
by Kinetic Analysis Corp., a consulting firm. Both figures are less than feared
and will likely have little impact on the nation's $14 trillion economy.

Even after the storm passes in the Northeast, the danger will persist. Rivers
could crest after the skies clear, and the ground in most of the region is
saturated from a summer of persistent rain. In Rhode Island, thick with bays,
inlets and coastline, authorities were worried about coastal flooding at Sunday
evening's high tide. The ground was soggy in some areas even before the storm
because of an extremely rainy August.

New York was eerily quiet as the storm hit. In a city where many people don't
own cars, the population stayed indoors. The entire transit system was shut down
because of weather for the first time ever. All of the city's airports were
closed, with more than 9,000 flights cancelled. Broadway shows, baseball games
and other events were all cancelled or postponed.

As the centre of the storm passed over Central Park at midmorning, flood water
reached the wheel wells of some stranded cars in Manhattan, and more streamed
into the streets of Queens.

Still, the storm didn't come close to inflicting the kind of catastrophic damage
that had been feared in the city. The Sept. 11 museum, a centrepiece of the
rebuilding of the World Trade Center site, said on Twitter that none of its
memorial trees were lost.

New York firefighters made dozens of water rescues, including three babies, and
said they were searching bungalows that had floated down the street in parts of
Queens. The wind and rain were expected to diminish by afternoon.

Irene made landfall just after dawn Saturday near Cape Lookout, N.C., at the
southern end of the Outer Banks. Shorefront hotels and houses were lashed with
waves, two piers were destroyed and at least one hospital was forced to run on
generator power.

But as day broke Sunday, surprisingly light damage was reported in many places,
with little more than downed trees and power lines.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tropical storm Irene sent sea water flooding into shoreline communities
and destroyed oceanfront homes as it surged across Connecticut on Sunday,
toppling trees and cutting power to nearly half the state. Cathy Zuraw, The
Associated Press

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              196 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                            August 4, 2007 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Steinbrenner diminished, Yanks in decline

BYLINE: Wallace Matthews, New York Newsday

SECTION: SPORTS; Guest Column; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 594  words


There is no joy in kicking an old man, even if the old man was once a bully and
a tyrant. There is nothing proud about trying to trip him up, or cajoling him
into saying something stupid or damaging.

There is nothing courageous about mugging a septuagenarian, even if his name is
George M. Steinbrenner III.

An upcoming portfolio story by Franz Lidz, a good writer and a compassionate
man, only confirms what those of us around the New York Yankees beat have
suspected for the past few years, that George Steinbrenner, conqueror of Billy
Martin and Reggie Jackson, owner of Derek Jeter and Alex Rodriguez, terrorizer
of players, reporters, managers and the hired help alike, has fallen victim to
the one opponent none of us can beat.

But that hasn't stopped many of us in the media from continuing to stake out the
old man before and after games, to scour the owner's box at Yankee Stadium with
our binoculars to see if he's in the house, to bait him and to cajole him for
the dubious purpose of getting a (hopefully) inflammatory quote into the
newspaper even if the quotee has no real idea of what he is saying.

Well, who's acting like the bully now?

I hold myself as responsible as anyone, having been ordered many times to man
the main entrance of Yankee Stadium in hopes of catching The Boss on his way in
or out, preferably in a foul mood. I haven't done it in a while, two years at
least, and hopefully no one else will anymore, either.

Because the real story here is not that George Steinbrenner is now a diminished
old man, no more threatening than one of our grandfathers or our favourite old
uncle, but that without his volatile presence, the Yankees are surely a
diminished organization and team.

Whether you agree with Steinbrenner's executive style or not, there is little
doubt that it worked. And if you are a Yankees fan, there is no one more
responsible for your repeated happiness over the past 34 years than the man who
was signing all those cheques.

It wasn't just about the money he spent, but the results he expected. There were
no free rides when Steinbrenner was on the job. Even more than results, he
demanded accountability. Regardless of whether you were a player, a manager, a
GM or the guy who drives his limo, if you couldn't do the job he expected, he
would find someone who could.

That is what is missing from too many organizations these days, from the White
House on down, the sense that if you screw up, you will pay for it. That sense
has been missing from the Yankees for the past few years, or about as long as
George Steinbrenner has been missing in action.

Now, it is clear there is little direction from the top and no real leadership
in the Yankees' front office. More than the inevitable aging of Jeter and
Mariano Rivera, more than the likely opt-out of A-Rod or the impending exit of
Joe Torre, it is the absence of George Steinbrenner that will be the hardest
void for the Yankees to fill. Anyone who remembers the dreadful days when CBS
owned the club knows exactly what I am talking about.

That is the part of the story we ignore while focusing on the tawdry little
details of a 77-year-old man repeating himself, or forgetting names, or staring
slack-jawed into space.

What true joy can there be in beating up a once formidable man who can no longer
fight back?

The fight is over and a lot of us cheer, because we think we have won.

But there is no cause for celebration in watching the collapse of a landmark,
and no joy in continuing to shine a spotlight into the eyes of one who can only
blink back.

No joy at all. Only shame.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              197 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                          September 16, 2009 Wednesday

Heatley stunt brings back memories of manipulative Yashin

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 910  words


It really doesn't matter that the Ottawa Senators feel they got equal value in
exchange for their 50-goal man, Dany Heatley, in a trade with the San Jose
Sharks the other day.

In this era of multi-year, million-dollar contracts, about the only leverage a
coach has with a player who might not be performing up to standard is the
allotment of ice-time.

Now if you believe what Heatley had to say about his reasoning for wanting a
trade out of Ottawa, it appears that leverage for Senators' head coach Cory
Clouston has been compromised with this latest move.

At the very least, it's a precedent that has the potential of mushrooming with
other disgruntled players suddenly demanding equal time in their particular
situations.

Real or otherwise, it was Heatley's perception of a "diminished role'' with the
team under Clouston's coaching that led him to issue the trade ultimatum to
general manager Bryan Murray in June, despite having signed a six-year, $45-
million contract extension that included a no-movement clause just one year
earlier.

That's the public stance at least.

So, here you have a perennial 50-goal scorer who felt good enough about his role
with the Senators that he was prepared to commit six years and obviously by the
no-movement clause wanted protection against being moved, suddenly demanding a
trade because of what he perceived was a "diminished'' role?

That's a pretty sad commentary on his part for sure, personal satisfaction over
team success. But it also says something about the "balance of power'' in
today's NHL that a team would feel compelled to move such a player because they
couldn't be guaranteed he would put out despite being paid $8-million a season
to do just that.

Geez, does that not conjure up memories of another former Ottawa Senator who
basically held the team hostage for a huge contract, then when he got his money,
decided to float his way out of town. The Senators were lucky enough back then
to find a sucker stupid enough to take on the enigmatic Alexei Yashin when the
situation became untenable. And it was no surprise when even an organization as
bad as the New York Islanders saw through his act a couple of seasons later. He
was paid big bucks to simply go away.

You wonder if Dany Heatley is a more recent vintage of Yashin.

Like Yashin, he's a guy with considerable offensive skills, witness his goal-
scoring exploits in his four seasons wearing Ottawa colours. Even in his "
diminished'' role last season, Heatley scored 39 goals and had 72 points. But
the team sucked big time, and it was only when Clouston took over from Craig
Hartsburg at midseason and instilled a more "disciplined'' approach to the
team's defensive play, that Heatley suddenly felt he couldn't fit in.

Never mind the Senators were a far different, and much more successful team,
under Clouston. It's not that he came in determined to minimize Heatley's role
with the team.

But when Heatley didn't buy into the two-way mentality that others such as Jason
Spezza accepted for the sake of the team's success, suddenly began the
Heatley-lament that Clouston didn't appreciate his talents.

What followed was the demand to be moved, basically handcuffing Murray's ability
to get equal value in return.

They thought they had a deal with Edmonton, but Heatley nixed that one, too,
further complicating the process heading into camp.

Mind not, it's not the first time he's pulled this stunt, although he maintains
this time it's strictly for hockey reasons.

If you remember, Heatley had been a first-round pick of the Atlanta Thrashers
and was pegged to be one of the building-blocks to change the losing culture of
this franchise.

He played three seasons there, but it all came crashing down literally when he
was involved in an accident that resulted in the death of a good friend and
teammate, Dan Synder. Heatley was driving his vehicle at an excessive speed when
it crashed.

He was charged with vehicular homicide and later pleaded guilty to four of six
charges which allowed him to avoid prison time. He was sentenced to three years
probation.

To get his life together, he went overseas to play for a couple of seasons, but
then returned, and asked for a trade out of Atlanta.

Heatley found a new home in Ottawa and was embraced by the community there.
Under Murray's run-and-gun coaching style, he put up big numbers including two
50-goal seasons.

But after a couple of successful seasons, the team floundered badly. Murray
fired first-year coach Hartsburg and brought in the no-nonsense Clouston who
demanded accountability in the defensive zone.

It might have worked from a team concept, but apparently not for Heatley. And so
despite professing his love for the city of Ottawa and with a six-year contract
in his back pocket, suddenly it wasn't going to work anymore. And he wanted out,
leaving a dark cloud over a team that didn't deserve it.

Telling that in the aftermath of the deal with the Sharks, his best friend,
linemate and fellow run-and-gunner, Spezza, told the media his only concern was
what was best for the Ottawa Senators, and getting rid of Heatley accomplished
the goal.

"We had a good understanding this whole way that he was going to look out to
make sure he got traded and I was going to look out for our team. Now I wish him
all the best, but I'm happy it's all over with and we can move on,'' Spezza
said.

David Ritchie can be contacted at ritchie.david@dailygleaner.com or at 458-
6484. His weekly column appears on Wednesdays.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2009 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              198 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Sun Herald (Sydney, Australia)

                            November 19, 2006 Sunday
                                 First Edition

Quarter aims to give full value;
New Orleans

BYLINE: Soyia Ellison

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 536 words


It might not be dead, but it remains diminished, writes Soyia Ellison.

GLASSY-EYED young men still howl and prowl along Bourbon Street. Breakfast
eaters still gorge on warm beignets topped with snowdrifts of powdered sugar.
Jazz musicians still play for the tourists who congregate on Preservation Hall's
hard-backed pews. But the French Quarter is not quite itself.

New Orleans's vibrant centre largely escaped the floods that devastated so much
of the city in August 2005. Not long after the waters receded, tourism officials
declared the Quarter open for business. In fact, they said, it had never closed.
Yet walking its streets nearly 14 months after Hurricane Katrina, it's clear the
Quarter hasn't been spared the storm's after-effects.

Jackson Square houses only a fraction of its former artists and palm readers.
Restaurants close early or open late, if at all. Store fronts stand empty,
dotting the streets like missing piano teeth.

The quarter isn't dead - far from it. But it is diminished. It's as if Louis
Armstrong has let Chet Baker take over for a set.

A friend and I, New Orleans lovers who hadn't been back since the storm, spent a
long October weekend in the Quarter. We wanted to revisit a place we loved and
contribute to its rebirth in the most selfish way possible - by eating and
drinking our way through it. But, we wondered, would it be as we remembered?
Would it be as fun?

The answer to the first question was "not exactly"; the answer to the second,
"yes".

Everyone we talked to - booksellers, art dealers, bartenders, cabbies - bemoaned
their lack of customers. Most put business at only 40 to 70 per cent of
pre-Katrina.

The manager of the Peligro Folk Art gallery said she'd sold in the past year
what before she might have sold in a month. The cabbie who drove us from the
airport to our hotel said that in the past, he typically had to wait behind 300
or 400 hacks at the airport. On that day - a Saturday shortly before noon - he
found only 85 in front of him.

The bartender at Molly's Irish Pub, barely a block off Bourbon, said sales stood
at maybe two-thirds of what they had been before the storm, and that the bar
closed earlier (mind you, in New Orleans that means about 4am instead of 7am).

And yet everyone remains hopeful.

They'll tell you they're certain their city will be restored. Tourists are
coming back in larger numbers. So are conventions. The population is returning,
slowly. The latest numbers from the City Council of New Orleans show that 48 per
cent of Orleans Parish residents have come home. Until more folks return,
though, many restaurants will have to make do with smaller staff. The New
Orleans Visitors Bureau said the industry could immediately employ 3000 more
people. "Now hiring" signs call out from nearly every restaurant you pass.

You can't go anywhere in New Orleans and forget for more than a few minutes that
people have suffered terribly here. If you visit, budget extra tip money because
you will feel like being generous.

Yet locals remain charming and friendly.

And the city still possesses that mystique, that sense that surprises await you
around every corner.New Orleans Convention and Visitors Bureau, phone +1 800 672
6124, see www.neworleanscvb.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TWO PHOTOS: BATTLING ON: Johnny White's bar on Bourbon Street stayed
open all through Katrina but needs more support now; (inset) mardi gras always
brings the crowds. Pictures: AFP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2006 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              199 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           September 30, 2016 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

LAWYER: OFFICER HAD AUDITORY EXCLUSION

BYLINE:  Sean Murphy  Associated Press

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B05

LENGTH: 767 words

DATELINE: OKLAHOMA CITY


A lawyer for a white Oklahoma police officer charged in an unarmed black man's
death says she was so hyper-focused on the situation that she didn't hear other
officers arrive on the scene or even the deadly gunshot she fired.

Tulsa officer Betty Shelby, who is expected to plead not guilty to first-degree
manslaughter at her arraignment today, experienced what is commonly called
"auditory exclusion," a condition in which people in high-stress situations
often don't hear sounds around them, said her attorney, Scott Wood.

"She didn't hear the gunshot, didn't hear the sirens coming up behind her just
prior to the shot," Wood said Thursday.

"And it's not only a common phenomenon described in literature, but it's the No.
1 perceptual distortion by people I have represented who have been involved in
shootings - diminished sound or complete auditory exclusion."

He said that while Shelby's defense won't hinge on whether she was aware of
other officers when she shot 40-year-old Terence Crutcher on Sept. 16, it would
be important for jurors to know.

"It's just one of the many facts that have happened, and I don't think our
defense turns on whether or not she knew they were there," Wood said.

Auditory exclusion is commonly reported by officers who fire their weapons, said
David Klinger, a professor of criminology and criminal justice at the University
of Missouri-St. Louis.

Klinger, a former Los Angeles police officer who fatally shot a suspect just
four months into the job, interviewed 80 law enforcement officers involved in
113 separate cases where they shot citizens. Diminished sound was officers' most
commonly experienced perceptual distortion, reported in 82 percent of the cases
either before or after the shooting, or in some cases both, his study shows.

"Other researchers have documented the phenomenon of muted sound or full
auditory exclusion where you don't hear anything in a variety of circumstances
outside of policing," Klinger said.

Other distortions include tunnel vision and altered perception of time, in which
situations are experienced in slow motion.

Prosecutors allege in court documents that Shelby "reacted unreasonably" by
escalating the situation with Crutcher, who she encountered after coming across
his vehicle abandoned in the middle of a north Tulsa street. Videos from a
police helicopter and a dashboard camera of the shooting and its aftermath
showed Crutcher, who was unarmed, walking away from Shelby with his arms in the
air, but the footage does not offer a clear view of when Shelby fired the single
shot.

Shelby told investigators Crutcher refused repeated requests to stop and get on
his knees and that she feared for her life and thought Crutcher was going to
kill her, according to an affidavit filed with the manslaughter charge.

Another officer, who arrived on the scene after Shelby had already drawn her
firearm, used a stun gun on Crutcher, but Wood said Shelby never even realized
that officer was there until after she fired the deadly shot.

Despite the research, Lori Brown, a professor of sociology at Meredith College
in Raleigh, North Carolina, said she believes it's dangerous to think a police
officer would use auditory exclusion as a possible explanation for killing a man
who was not doing anything aggressive.

"My response would be to focus on the research on implicit bias that, sadly,
most of us have, even African-Americans, about black men, especially a larger
black man and the fact that we tend to see them as threatening even when their
behavior is in no way aggressive," Brown said. "This may be why the same
behaviors in white men often end peacefully but can result in the death of a
black male."

Shelby, 42, faces between four years and life in prison if convicted. She
surrendered to authorities after being charged last week and is currently free
on $50,000 bond. Wood said he expects to enter a not-guilty plea at her
arraignment.

Wood had sought to expedite the arraignment, citing concerns for the officer's
safety amid an expected "onslaught of attendance" at the Friday hearing, but a
judge on Thursday denied that request.

Crutcher's shooting came four months after former Tulsa County volunteer
sheriff's deputy Robert Bates was sentenced to four years in prison on a
second-degree manslaughter conviction in the 2015 death of an unarmed black man.
Bates has said he confused his stun gun with his handgun. A police investigator
maintained Bates experienced "slip and capture," a high-stress phenomenon in
which a person's behavior "slips" off the intended course of action because it's
"captured" by a stronger response.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              200 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 9, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: SPEECH OF HON. DANNY K. DAVIS OF ILLINOIS IN THE HOUSE OF
REPRESENTATIVES TUESDAY, APRIL 8, 2014

LENGTH: 660  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Library of Congress, The Government of USA has issued the following Speech:

Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, today marks a holiday that I hope
to see stricken from the calendar. Today is Equal Pay Day, a day which marks the
number of days into 2014 that it takes for the average woman to make as much as
her male counterpart did in 2013. It is truly staggering that a woman does not
earn the same annual amount as her male counterpart until four months into the
following year. The fact that women earn only 77 percent of what men are paid
has a staggering effect on society as a whole, our economy and our future.

Closing the wage gap would likely have an immensely positive effect on our
economy. The additional $400,000 that each woman would earn in her lifetime if
paid the same as her male counterpart would be just the economic boost that our
country needs as we recover from the recession. Economists estimate that closing
the wage gap would have twice the stimulative effect as President Obama's $800
billion Stimulus Bill. We simply cannot afford Congressional inaction on this
issue.

Not only does wage inequality diminish a woman's spending power, it also has a
devastating effect on women's retirement savings. Diminished earnings means that
women are less equipped to contribute to retirement savings, but it also means
that their Social Security and pensions, both of which are based on income, are
diminished. The resulting effect is that retired women are more likely than
retired men to live in poverty. The fact that we can let our mothers and
grandmothers live in poverty during the final years of their lives is truly a
travesty.

The wage gap is even more dramatic for women of color: African American women on
average earn only 64 cents for every dollar earned by white, non-Hispanic men.
Latinas fare even worse, earning only 55 cents on the dollar. According to the
National Partnership for Women and Families, that adds up to an average of
$18,817 and $23,298, respectively, in annual lost wages. Put another way, the
lost wages are the equivalent to 118 weeks' worth of food and 4,549 gallons of
gasoline for African American women and 154 weeks' worth of food and 5,743
gallons of gasoline for Latina women. This inequity is intolerable.

The Equal Pay Act was passed in 1963 to address the issue of wage inequality,
but progress has been slow. Since the Act's passage, the wage gap has closed by
just 18 cents. According to the Institute for Women's Policy Research, at the
current pace, the wage gap will not be closed until 2058. This is simply
unacceptable. Congress cannot sit by idly while women's economic security,
including their retirement savings, are threatened by gender inequity.

As the Senate prepares yet again to vote on the Paycheck Fairness Act, it is my
hope that my colleagues in the Senate will recall the devastating effects that
wage inequity has on women, particularly minority and elderly women, and vote in
favor of S. 2199.

Paycheck inequity also means women are more economically vulnerable during
breaks in employment. Women, earning less than their male counterparts, have
less money to place into savings as a safeguard to protect themselves and their
families from unexpected unemployment.

The House can act immediately to provide women and their families with economic
safeguards by passing the Senate's 5-month extension of long-term jobless
benefits. Not only do tens of thousands of women rely on long-

[Page: E550] GPO's PDF

term unemployment insurance to satisfy their most basic needs, they also use
these benefits to provide for the needs of their children. Many women, despite
earning significantly less than their male counterparts, are the primary
providers for their families. Congress should reward women for their hard work
and extend long-term jobless benefits, a critical safety net for women and their
families.

For more information please visit: http://thomas.loc.gov/

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              201 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 9, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: SPEECH OF HON. DANNY K. DAVIS OF ILLINOIS IN THE HOUSE OF
REPRESENTATIVES TUESDAY, APRIL 8, 2014

LENGTH: 662  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Library of Congress, The Government of USA has issued the following Result
of Roll Call:

Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, today marks a holiday that I hope
to see stricken from the calendar. Today is Equal Pay Day, a day which marks the
number of days into 2014 that it takes for the average woman to make as much as
her male counterpart did in 2013. It is truly staggering that a woman does not
earn the same annual amount as her male counterpart until four months into the
following year. The fact that women earn only 77 percent of what men are paid
has a staggering effect on society as a whole, our economy and our future.

Closing the wage gap would likely have an immensely positive effect on our
economy. The additional $400,000 that each woman would earn in her lifetime if
paid the same as her male counterpart would be just the economic boost that our
country needs as we recover from the recession. Economists estimate that closing
the wage gap would have twice the stimulative effect as President Obama's $800
billion Stimulus Bill. We simply cannot afford Congressional inaction on this
issue.

Not only does wage inequality diminish a woman's spending power, it also has a
devastating effect on women's retirement savings. Diminished earnings means that
women are less equipped to contribute to retirement savings, but it also means
that their Social Security and pensions, both of which are based on income, are
diminished. The resulting effect is that retired women are more likely than
retired men to live in poverty. The fact that we can let our mothers and
grandmothers live in poverty during the final years of their lives is truly a
travesty.

The wage gap is even more dramatic for women of color: African American women on
average earn only 64 cents for every dollar earned by white, non-Hispanic men.
Latinas fare even worse, earning only 55 cents on the dollar. According to the
National Partnership for Women and Families, that adds up to an average of
$18,817 and $23,298, respectively, in annual lost wages. Put another way, the
lost wages are the equivalent to 118 weeks' worth of food and 4,549 gallons of
gasoline for African American women and 154 weeks' worth of food and 5,743
gallons of gasoline for Latina women. This inequity is intolerable.

The Equal Pay Act was passed in 1963 to address the issue of wage inequality,
but progress has been slow. Since the Act's passage, the wage gap has closed by
just 18 cents. According to the Institute for Women's Policy Research, at the
current pace, the wage gap will not be closed until 2058. This is simply
unacceptable. Congress cannot sit by idly while women's economic security,
including their retirement savings, are threatened by gender inequity.

As the Senate prepares yet again to vote on the Paycheck Fairness Act, it is my
hope that my colleagues in the Senate will recall the devastating effects that
wage inequity has on women, particularly minority and elderly women, and vote in
favor of S. 2199.

Paycheck inequity also means women are more economically vulnerable during
breaks in employment. Women, earning less than their male counterparts, have
less money to place into savings as a safeguard to protect themselves and their
families from unexpected unemployment.

The House can act immediately to provide women and their families with economic
safeguards by passing the Senate's 5-month extension of long-term jobless
benefits. Not only do tens of thousands of women rely on long-

[Page: E550] GPO's PDF

term unemployment insurance to satisfy their most basic needs, they also use
these benefits to provide for the needs of their children. Many women, despite
earning significantly less than their male counterparts, are the primary
providers for their families. Congress should reward women for their hard work
and extend long-term jobless benefits, a critical safety net for women and their
families.

For more information please visit: http://thomas.loc.gov/

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              202 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 9, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: SPEECH OF HON. DANNY K. DAVIS OF ILLINOIS IN THE HOUSE OF
REPRESENTATIVES TUESDAY, APRIL 8, 2014

LENGTH: 660  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Library of Congress, The Government of USA has issued the following Speech:

Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, today marks a holiday that I hope
to see stricken from the calendar. Today is Equal Pay Day, a day which marks the
number of days into 2014 that it takes for the average woman to make as much as
her male counterpart did in 2013. It is truly staggering that a woman does not
earn the same annual amount as her male counterpart until four months into the
following year. The fact that women earn only 77 percent of what men are paid
has a staggering effect on society as a whole, our economy and our future.

Closing the wage gap would likely have an immensely positive effect on our
economy. The additional $400,000 that each woman would earn in her lifetime if
paid the same as her male counterpart would be just the economic boost that our
country needs as we recover from the recession. Economists estimate that closing
the wage gap would have twice the stimulative effect as President Obama's $800
billion Stimulus Bill. We simply cannot afford Congressional inaction on this
issue.

Not only does wage inequality diminish a woman's spending power, it also has a
devastating effect on women's retirement savings. Diminished earnings means that
women are less equipped to contribute to retirement savings, but it also means
that their Social Security and pensions, both of which are based on income, are
diminished. The resulting effect is that retired women are more likely than
retired men to live in poverty. The fact that we can let our mothers and
grandmothers live in poverty during the final years of their lives is truly a
travesty.

The wage gap is even more dramatic for women of color: African American women on
average earn only 64 cents for every dollar earned by white, non-Hispanic men.
Latinas fare even worse, earning only 55 cents on the dollar. According to the
National Partnership for Women and Families, that adds up to an average of
$18,817 and $23,298, respectively, in annual lost wages. Put another way, the
lost wages are the equivalent to 118 weeks' worth of food and 4,549 gallons of
gasoline for African American women and 154 weeks' worth of food and 5,743
gallons of gasoline for Latina women. This inequity is intolerable.

The Equal Pay Act was passed in 1963 to address the issue of wage inequality,
but progress has been slow. Since the Act's passage, the wage gap has closed by
just 18 cents. According to the Institute for Women's Policy Research, at the
current pace, the wage gap will not be closed until 2058. This is simply
unacceptable. Congress cannot sit by idly while women's economic security,
including their retirement savings, are threatened by gender inequity.

As the Senate prepares yet again to vote on the Paycheck Fairness Act, it is my
hope that my colleagues in the Senate will recall the devastating effects that
wage inequity has on women, particularly minority and elderly women, and vote in
favor of S. 2199.

Paycheck inequity also means women are more economically vulnerable during
breaks in employment. Women, earning less than their male counterparts, have
less money to place into savings as a safeguard to protect themselves and their
families from unexpected unemployment.

The House can act immediately to provide women and their families with economic
safeguards by passing the Senate's 5-month extension of long-term jobless
benefits. Not only do tens of thousands of women rely on long-

[Page: E550] GPO's PDF

term unemployment insurance to satisfy their most basic needs, they also use
these benefits to provide for the needs of their children. Many women, despite
earning significantly less than their male counterparts, are the primary
providers for their families. Congress should reward women for their hard work
and extend long-term jobless benefits, a critical safety net for women and their
families.

For more information please visit: http://thomas.loc.gov/

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              203 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            January 24, 2014 Friday

Western democracies transformed into a paradise for predators;
The gradual erosion of the modern state has led to diminished protection for
people

BYLINE: Jill Abbott

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 753 words


In what has been touted as a bold move towards redressing the alarming levels of
inequality in his home town, New York mayor Bill de Blasio announced last week
that he will be legislating to give an entitlement to sick leave to all those
employed by businesses with five or more staff.

The mayoral narrative - dubbed the "Tale of Two Cities" - has generated great
expectations among ordinary New Yorkers, struggling to survive in one of the
world's most expensive cities. But real change will come not from more
legislation - New York already has plenty of labour law on the books - but from
enforcement. That is why the mayor's decision to put the toothless department of
consumer affairs in charge of enforcing this initiative leaves some New Yorkers
wondering what the Dickens he's thinking. The inability of governments
everywhere to protect ordinary citizens from unscrupulous employers who wish to
exploit them is, ironically, the culmination of decades of slavishly seeing
government as the problem and individual freedom as the solution.

"Western societies like ours are dedicated to maximising personal autonomy.
That's a good thing, and something to cherish. But individualism of the kind we
value falls apart - it's completely undermined - when government fails to
vindicate the public interest or fails to attend to issues of social justice,"
says historian and legal scholar Mark S Weiner.

Inequality is about more than wages and sick leave and to redress it we need to
have someone in our corner. The umpireFor the first 30 or so years after the
second World War, government was the umpire, the entity that stood by the little
person, levelling the playing field and making justice, whether social or legal,
a real possibility.

Freedom and individuality are thought to be synonymous, but not even John Stuart
Mill could have envisaged the advent of today's hyper- individual, a person who
owes nothing to anyone - not to mother, father, children, employee or community.
And this current cult of individualism has heralded an era of growing inequality
and diminished protection for the vulnerable.

If the state does not have the resources to ensure that laws are enforced,
employers and corporations, with their access to the best legal advice, know
they can run rings around government agencies and act with impunity.

In a revolution that began with Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher - the Artful
Dodgers of their day - New York, along with most of the rest of the developed
world, has diminished the state (in all its national, local and agency
manifestations) to an almost empty shell.

Weak labour laws and weak consumer protection, coupled with a state so emaciated
it can't enforce the laws that do exist, have transformed western democracies
into a paradise for predators.

Mayor de Blasio's announcement on sick leave was not accompanied by notice that
the department of consumer affairs would get additional staff or resources.

Tighten beltsTo point this out is not to dismiss de Blasio as a phony; it is
simply to acknowledge that after decades of deregulation and trickledown
economics, most of the resources once available to governments have evaporated,
leaving the state powerless.  The imposition of austerity seems to require
everyone but the rich and powerful to tighten their belts. According to figures
emerging from the Davos World Economic Summit, the richest 1 per cent owns 46
per cent of the world's wealth. This elite's determined pursuit of its own
interests has left the modern state without the resources needed to maintain
effective government.

Real individuals and families were better off in the first 30 postwar years,
giving rise to what Weiner calls a paradox of individualism. "Individual freedom
is one of the basic values of the liberal Enlightenment . . ."

But it operates against the common good when its pursuit means that we fail to
attend to issues of social justice.

"That happens when government is captured by private or corporate interests or
when its institutions are too weak."

For decades now government has been represented as the problem, as something
that strangles enterprise and restricts the free flow of goods and the ability
of markets to operate effectively.

But the gradual erosion of the state has had the opposite effect to increasing
general wellbeing. The 1 per cent is indeed thriving, but for the rest of us,
it's a case of "Please sir, I want some more."Jillian Abbott is a lecturer at
the City University of New York and a freelance journalist

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              204 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                            November 27, 2005 Sunday

BRAIN INJURIES HIGH AMONG U.S. SOLDIERS

BYLINE: BARBARA FERRY

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A-5

LENGTH: 532 words


War in Iraq

Brain injuries are a hidden cost of the war in Iraq, says clinical
neuropsychologist Harriet Katz Zeiner of the Veterans Administration Healthcare
Center in Palo Alto, Calif.

Debate over the conflict has zeroed in on the death toll, especially last month,
when the number hit 2,000. But more than 15,000 other soldiers have been injured
in the conflict, and a high percentage of them have sustained brain injuries,
Zeiner said.

One study at Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington, D.C., found that
more than 67 percent of war casualties being treated over a three-month period
were suffering from brain injuries. According to the Army's public-affairs
office, the Army usually expects the number to be 20 percent.

Improved response time in removing injured soldiers from the field is saving
lives, Zeiner said. But she believes the public needs to consider the costs of
creating a new generation of brain-injured veterans. "You have people with
diminished capacities and diminished dreams," she said. "It's quite an impact."

Iraqi insurgents' reliance on improvised explosive devices, or IEDs, is one
reason for the increase in brain-injured casualties, according to Kerri
Childress, a spokeswoman for the VA's Palo Alto Hospital, one of four polytrauma
centers treating active-duty military who have served in Iraq and Afghanistan.

Ironically, better body armor being worn by soldiers is another. The head area
is a more vulnerable target, and Kevlar helmets being worn by soldiers don't
protect their brains from being shaken and injured, she said.

"We don't have as many people killed by bullets. But we have more head injuries,
a lot of facial mutilations and eye injuries," Zeiner said.

Childress says the VA also treats many soldiers who are injured after completing
their tour of active duty.

She said the VA has treated brain-injury patients who've gotten into car wrecks
after driving in a way that might sound like sheer recklessness, but makes sense
given their recent war experience.

"We've had patients tell us they swerved off the road because they saw a
suspicious-looking object." Others ran through stop signs, as they did back in
Iraq, where as a matter of self-preservation, "you don't stop; you go right
through it."

While brain injury can be a straightforward diagnosis in soldiers who have been
severely wounded, it can be missed in less obvious cases. Childress said it is
important for people to be aware of the symptoms of brain injury - which can
include personality changes, fatigue, anger and emotional outbursts - because
brain injuries can be misdiagnosed as psychiatric problems such as
post-traumatic stress disorder. "If it might be brain injury, they need to be
tested, so we can help them cope," she said.

Contact Barbara Ferry at 995-3817 or bferry@sfnewmexican.com.

IF YOU GO ...

What: Screening of Every 21 seconds ... or why I scream at the refrigerator, a
documentary film about eight New Mexicans living with brain injury. The title
refers to the rate of occurrence of brain injuries in the United States.

When: Dec. 15, 6 p.m.

Where: Lensic Performing Arts Center.

Cost: Admission is free.

For more information: Contact Elizabeth Peterson at 476-7328.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The New Mexican


                              205 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                             June 18, 2013 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Texting diminishes talking

SECTION: COMMENT; Other Views; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 220 words


Technology saves time but we lose something in the process - intimacy,
thoughtfulness, even perhaps the capacity to distinguish between east and west
on a traffic map.

In a commencement speech recently at Middlebury College in Vermont, novelist
Jonathan Safran Foer bemoaned the dehumanizing bargain we've struck with our
indispensable communication devices. The casual connectivity of the mobile
phone, email, texting and social media has developed as a "diminished
substitute" for face-to-face communication, he said, and it has chipped away at
our capacity to give others our undivided attention.

"The problem with accepting - with preferring - diminished substitutes is that
over time, we, too, become diminished substitutes," Foer said. "People who
become used to saying little become used to feeling little."

Foer's comments came to mind last week with the release of a study on the
communication habits of the average British household. It emerges that the
modern family keeps in touch via 1,768 texts, 520 emails and 68 hours on the
phone, every year.

The study of 2,000 parents also found that almost half of all Brits confess to
texting, emailing or phoning other family members when they are in the same
house, often in the next room. Too lazy to get up and go to talk to them in
person? Perhaps it's just easier.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2013 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              206 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             July 19, 2014 Saturday

UtahLit: Life and death at the heart of the Western novel 'Stars Go Blue'

BYLINE: By Ellen Fagg Weist The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: SUNDAY ARTS; Features

LENGTH: 1049 words


Since she moved home to Northern Colorado's Pleasant Valley, writer Laura
Pritchett regularly walks with her father on the family ranch. "We both love to
walk and we whistle a lot," she says. "He whistles 'You Are My Sunshine' and
'Cool Clear Water.' "

Whistling and humming are the main ways the pair communicate, because Jim, her
rancher-geneticist father, who is 82, was diagnosed with Alzheimer's 13 years
ago. Now he doesn't recognize his daughter. "Sometimes he says: 'You're that
writer, aren't you?' "

Her father and his illness are the inspiration for "Stars Go Blue," a novel
about Ben and Renny Cross, a ranching family patriarch and matriarch. The
characters' stories were launched in Pritchett's first collection of stories,
"Hell's Bottom, Colorado," published in 2001, which won the PEN USA Award for
Fiction.

The novel will be the focus of The Tribune's July Utah Lit book club
conversation, which will take place at 12:15 p.m. Wednesday, July 23, at
sltrib.com.

Over the years, the writer came to realize that Ben and Renny weren't done
talking, yet she worried about the problem of the novel, the craft issues that
come along with rendering a character who is facing onrushing dementia.

"I started out knowing it would be both the challenge and the gift of the book,
to try to see the world through someone who has a diminished capacity for
language, but still someone very much in touch with his hopes and fears,"
Pritchett says. "Ben is wise in heart, but diminished in language, while Renny
has the language, but has been diminished in heart."

Ben's essence as a rancher is essential to the story, experience gained over a
lifetime of birthing things and killing things. He is a character with life and
death on his mind.

--

Words dammed up - Despite its subject matter, the paradox is that "Stars Go
Blue" is a tough novel with an uplifting ending. It's a Western story told in
spare language of authentically complicated characters, and that craft is tied
to the kind of strong engine of story that's often rare in literary fiction,
says Dan Smetanka, executive editor at Counterpoint Press.

In alternating chapters, Ben and Renny reveal the conflicts that prompted them
to set up living quarters at opposite ends of their ranch. Renny is worn out
from her hard life, currently irritated about taking care of a man who forgets
to put on his pants or forgets her name. Ben remembers the social worker saying
he shouldn't feel bad about the disease, but he can't remember the word
Alzheimer's. "Deeper still, he has clarified that he's allowed the terror and
the claustrophobia of wanting to say words that are dammed up inside," Pritchett
writes.

In the middle of a harsh winter, the Cross family is rocked by the news of the
prison release of the abusive husband who killed their daughter Rachel years
earlier. In a snowstorm, Ben boards a bus with a vague plan for closure, his
pockets stuffed with notes of things to remember, like his name. Renny faces her
own death when she is caught in the same storm after carelessly driving to find
her husband.

In a coda, another narrator takes over the story, and the shift in perspective
makes a reader reconsider what has happened.

"Stars Go Blue" is a book about family, about Alzheimer's, about caretaking,
about community, about ranching life and, at its core, about living and dying.
It tells an epic story with the language of brevity, each of its four sections
influenced by the Shakespeare quotes that serve as epigraphs. "The big message
of the novel is that even in your darkest times, even when you think you're
alone, you're not," Smetanka says.

The book, released last month, has already sold out its first printing, thanks
to starred pre-publication reviews in Booklist and LibraryJournal, as well as
endorsements from writers such as Rick Bass, Claire Davis and Kent Haruf, and
mentions in Real Simple and More magazines. The novel garnered more attention on
Pritchett's five-state indie bookstore tour, which included a stop at The King's
English Bookshop.

"I picture the novel as a cupped palm holding Ben and Renny's relationship in
its hand," Pritchett says.

--

A place-based life - At age 7, Laura Pritchett had already claimed her vocation.
"I want to be a riter," she wrote in her first diary, adding: "Just like Laura
Ingalls Wilder."

Pritchett, 43, was raised in a family of six boys and three girls on a small
working ranch near Fort Collins. Her father was a genetics professor and
rancher, while her mother collected animals of all sorts: pet raccoons, pet
pigeons, pet peacocks. "It was a life full of births and deaths and unique
relationships," she says, joking that she spent much of her childhood outside
reading, trying to escape the chaos of her large family.

She earned bachelor's and master's degrees at Colorado State University before
receiving a Ph.D. in contemporary American literature from Purdue University,
with a focus on contemporary ranch literature. In Indiana, Pritchett realized
she couldn't take being away from the West any longer. "I'm very place-based in
my life, and my writing is very place-based," she says.

Now she lives near the ranch where she was raised with her own menagerie. On the
morning of our interview, she and her teenage son and daughter were tending a
baby dove as well as a chicken who had been attacked by a fox.

Her previous novel, 2007's "Sky Bridge," won a WILLA award for fiction.
Pritchett is the editor of three anthologies, and her essays and stories have
been widely published. She teaches fiction and nonfiction writing classes and is
on the faculty for Pacific University's MFA low-residency program.

She considers "Stars Go Blue" a love story. "If ever there was a book when I
tried to pay attention to the language, every single word, this was it,"
Pritchett says. "That was a gift from my father. He would start to invent words,
and in that way, he became a poet, this geneticist, a rancher who had never read
poetry in his life."

ellenf@sltrib.com

facebook.com/ellen.weist -- 'Stars Go Blue' The Trib's online book club
conversation about Laura Pritchett's Western novel will be Wednesday, July 23,
at 12:15 p.m. at sltrib.com. Join us by posting comments or questions on this
story or at Facebook.com/UtahLit, by texting 801-609-8059 or sending Tweets to
@TribTalk.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              207 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              May 6, 2008 Tuesday

County budget plan uncertain but shrinking

BYLINE: By Karen de S&aacute; Mercury News

SECTION: LOCAL; News; San Jose - Valley; Communities

LENGTH: 636 words


Santa Clara County on Monday announced its increasingly diminished capacity to
care for the impoverished, ill and homeless. To patch a $172.4 million general
fund shortfall, County Executive Pete Kutras unveiled a budget plan that would
scale back social services and burn through one-time funding sources, allowing
some programs to limp along for another year.

When state funding cuts are announced later this year, the ability to spend
money on services from foster care to drug treatment is likely to shrink
further, Kutras said.

"I look across our community, and schools don't have enough, we don't have
enough, the state doesn't have enough and the feds are having to virtually
eliminate domestic spending because of the war effort," Kutras said. "And I
don't see anywhere to go."

County supervisors are set to haggle over Kutras' proposed budget, and allow
public input during a series of workshops May 13 though May 15. When a final
budget is announced in June, the cuts likely will be significant.

Kutras proposes a total 2008-09 budget of $3.9 billion. The general fund
comprises $2.2 billion of that, while the rest includes programs such as
Medi-Cal and CalWORKS, which the county administers for the state and federal
governments. By contrast, the current total budget is $4.7 billion, with a $2.3
billion general fund.

Although mental health services are expected to be hardest hit, other county
departments may be affected. There could be diminished housing and treatment for
addicts who would otherwise be homeless, and a decreased ability to reel in
child support payments from delinquent parents.

County officials are hacking with some level of uncertainty. The portion of the
budget that relies on state and federal funds - including foster care, welfare
programs and medical insurance for the poor - will be finalized only after the
mid-May release of the governor's revised budget and the political debate to
follow in Sacramento.

With such uncertainty, Kutras compared the county's budget with that of a
typical American family, struggling to afford basic necessities like food,
clothing and gas.

"Every year, we're hoping a rich uncle dies and leaves us some money," he said.
"We are entirely dependent on one-time funds appearing to keep propping us up."

Incendiary language is not uncommon this time of year. Monday's budget
announcement warns of possibly "even more dire and draconian" cuts to come. It
projects the potential "catastrophic loss" of half of Valley Medical Center's
hospital beds, if money for seismic upgrades cannot be saved.

In public meetings, the needy parade before the microphone, pleading with
elected officials to spare the program that housed them, helped them kick their
habits or paid for in-home medical care.

Sometimes, there is last-minute salvation - like the apparent short-term fix
announced last week for the PALS program that serves mentally ill adults
released from county jails. Other times, new funding sources appear at critical
moments, or state budget cuts fall short of expectations.

But county officials aren't crying wolf, said longtime drug and alcohol director
Bob Garner. Each year, he said, there is less money to serve those living on the
fringe in the otherwise prosperous Silicon Valley - people who cannot afford
medication to stave off serious mental illness, those who bunk down on river
banks and children relying on foster and group homes. A service gap in one arena
feeds a glut in another.

"You don't have a choice of not paying for the drug and alcohol problem," Garner
said, offering an example. "You pay for it in the jails, the hospitals, the
child welfare system, or you pay for treatment."

IF YOU'RE INTERESTED

The proposed budget can be viewed under "hot items" at www.sccgov.org .

Contact Karen de Sá at kdesa@mercurynews.com or (408) 920-5781.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              208 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            October 20, 2003 Monday

Microsoft gets new Office up and running;
Latest software to be unveiled around world tomorrow

BYLINE: KEITH DAMSELL, TECHNOLOGY REPORTER

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: INTERNATIONAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 842 words


Microsoft Corp.'s latest software offering is coming - whether the world wants
it or not.

At a handful of high-profile events around the world tomorrow, the software
giant will unveil Office Systems 2003. Chairman Bill Gates will be on hand for
festivities in New York, while Frank Clegg, head of Canadian operations, will
oversee the Toronto launch.

The Redmond, Wash.-based company has set aside $500-million (U.S.) to market the
latest edition of its office management suite. "This is a major evolution of
Microsoft Office," said Scott Jackson, product manager, Microsoft Office Systems
at the company's Canadian operations.

The company has spent the past two years tweaking Office, including a massive
test with 600,000 users, Mr. Jackson said.

But industry watchers agree that the latest incarnation of Office has more to do
with protecting market share than innovation.

The word processing, spreadsheet, slide presentation and source list suite runs
on a staggering 94 per cent of desktop personal computers in the workplace,
reaching about 400 million users globally. Nevertheless, that slender missing 6
per cent has Microsoft worried.

"This is a franchise product for them, and based on that you can assume this is
an important launch," said Jim Balderston, a Boston, Mass.-based analyst with
research firm Sageza Group. "Think about it - erosion of the Office productivity
suite is potentially opening erosion of the operating system, Windows itself,
and that's the franchise. If that desktop loyalty and brand power is diminished,
the ability to sell that end-to-end Microsoft offering gets diminished. In that
sense, it's damned important."

Office and Windows are the engines that power the Microsoft machine. Information
Worker and Client, the two business segments that include the software suites,
generated about $20-billion (U.S.) in sales in fiscal 2003.

That represents about two-thirds of its $32.2-billion in revenue.

A large chunk of that revenue stream comes from corporations that pay annual
fees to access and upgrade Windows and Offices as they become available. Not
surprisingly, the two franchises are developed in tandem and features are
becoming increasingly integrated with each successive edition.

In Canada, the professional edition of Office will retail for $759 (Canadian)
per user, and the standard edition at $609. Upgrade editions are significantly
cheaper.

But experts argue the bulk of users will neither need nor use Office's new
features. Aside from some new improvements to e-mail service Outlook, "99.9 per
cent of the folks with XP [the 2001 edition of Office] really won't see a
difference here," said one senior technology executive in Toronto. "It's likely
people are using only 10 per cent of the functionality they have now."

As a result, there's little incentive for users to upgrade, a potentially
time-consuming headache for many companies. Microsoft has adopted a
carrot-and-stick approach to the conundrum. Last year, it hired 400 sales and
marketing staff to show the business community how to take full advantage of the
Office suite. At the same time, Microsoft has warned it will stop supporting
popular Office 97 next year.

A backlash cannot be ruled out, said Michael Silver, vice-president and director
at technology research firm Gartner Inc. of Stamford, N.Y.

"There are lots of people out there who have been paying Microsoft every year
for software and they are still running Office 1997 because it's so hard to
switch," Mr. Silver said. "They are going to have to decide what they want to do
in the next year or so as the software gets older and it's not supported. How
comfortable will they be? If they have to rebuy the Microsoft software, some of
them may not be able to afford it."

There is no shortage of industry rivals anxious to fill the void with cheaper
alternatives.

International Business Machines Corp., Sun Microsystems Inc. and Novell Inc.
along with newer competitors such as PeopleSoft Inc. and Red Hat Inc. are
pitching next-generation networks that blend a variety of non-Microsoft server
systems on the back end, with open-source software code Linux and OpenOffice on
the desktop - replacing Windows and Office in the process.

Some cash-strapped information technology departments are thinking twice about
Microsoft. For example, in May, the city of Munich, Germany, dumped Microsoft
from its 14,000 computers in favour of the Linux operating system. Efforts to
win back the mayor's support, including a personal visit from Microsoft chief
executive officer Steve Ballmer, ended in failure.

Competition from open-source providers "is a concern because even if it gets
minor traction it could have an impact on Microsoft's finances," said Rob Helm,
director of research at Directions on Microsoft, a software analysis firm based
in Kirkland, Wash.

The marketing muscle driving Office 2003 is all about "innoculating" Microsoft
against lower-cost rivals, he said. "It's critical to the overall plan for
Microsoft to keep that desktop business growing."

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2003 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              209 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                             July 27, 2013 Saturday

UTEP basketball: Miners, recruit await next move

BYLINE: By Bill Knight / El Paso Times

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 945 words


Golden flecks of sunshine and happiness rained down like a late summer monsoon
on El Paso basketball fans last November when Los Angeles high school star Isaac
Hamilton announced live on  ESPNU that he was signing a National Letter of
Intent with UTEP.

So much of that joy has turned to a flood of dismay now that word has surfaced
that Hamilton has asked out of his commitment because, he says, his 85-year-old
grandmother is ill.

UTEP coach Tim Floyd has denied the release. UTEP athletic director Bob Stull
backs Floyd. And Hamilton's parents say they will appeal to the National Letter
of Intent Steering Committee in Indianapolis.

So where are we now?

"They (the Hamilton family) have to decide what they want to do," Floyd said.
"We're waiting for the National Letter of Intent people to decide. As I've said
before, I just don't feel it's right to let Isaac out of his letter of intent.
He signed it, he made a commitment and we believe he should honor it."

For his part, Stull said, "He's (Hamilton) asked us for his release, we have
declined. He has said he will appeal, which he hasn't done yet. The whole
scenario is crazy. Forty-five percent of freshmen (basketball players) transfer
anyway. But that's after you have spent a year on a campus. Kids today really
have almost three years to make a decision. Once they sign, it's a two-way
street. When you sign a kid to a scholarship, that means you've let somebody
else go. This late, the talent pool is really diminished. The number of quality
players left is really diminished."

There is contention between the parties. Floyd feels USC tampered with Hamilton
after he signed with UTEP last November, which is an NCAA violation. He has had
telephone conversations with both new USC coach Andy Enfield and Pat Haden, the
athletic director. USC has declined comment.

The Hamilton family insists this is strictly a family matter. Though Isaac
Hamilton was unavailable for comment, his father did speak out.

"We are going to appeal to the NCAA," said Greg Hamilton, Isaac's father. "This
is not about athletics. This is not about USC. This is not about UCLA or any
other school. This is about a boy and his grandmother and her wish.

"My wife's mother, Isaac's 85-year-old grandmother, was recently diagnosed with
a mass tumor and kidney failure," he said. "She is our last remaining
grandparent. When Coach Floyd went to interview with USC during last season, she
expressed a wish that he would move there and she could see Isaac play.
Obviously, she can't travel. Watching her grandsons play basketball was her joy
... we always had her there at their high school games in her wheelchair."

Just how good is Isaac Hamilton? He is on everyone's national top 25 player
list. He was ranked the 14th best player in the nation by Rivals.com. He was
selected to the McDonald's All-American Game. He is a difference-maker and he
could have gone anywhere.

But he chose UTEP.

"We chose UTEP because of a 30-year relationship with Coach Floyd," Greg
Hamilton said.

Floyd recruited Hamilton's brother Kevin to UTEP. Kevin Hamilton was a highly
recruited player out of Los Angeles and was a four-year starter for the Miners
during the 1980s.

"Coach Floyd has known our family for a long time and he came to my mother's
funeral," Greg Hamilton said. "We are hurt that UTEP doesn't understand our
situation. Like I said, this is about a boy and his grandmother. This is Isaac's
first big decision as a young man. This has nothing to do with basketball. This
has to do with a 19-year-old boy wanting to stay close to home so his
grandmother can watch him play.

"I told Isaac that no matter what happens, you have already won," he added. "You
gave up something for yourself. Again, this isn't about USC. This isn't about
Jason Hart (USC assistant coach). We are just a family that thought Tim Floyd
was the perfect choice for our son."

Hart is a new assistant coach at USC and was Hamilton's Amateur Athletic Union
coach two years ago. Hart asked to be released from his letter of intent at
Syracuse, but Jim Boeheim declined his request. He played four years for
Syracuse and nine years in the NBA.

While USC has made no comment, Scout.com reported that a source close to the USC
program said the Trojans would have no interest in Hamilton if granted his
release. Given that USC has a new coach, is trying to build a program and
already has three new transfers, that is highly unlikely. Almost anyone would be
interested in a talent like Hamilton.

So what happens now?

It could take weeks for the National Letter of Intent Steering Committee to
decide. If they deny the Hamilton request, he must either come to UTEP, or sit
out a season without practicing or playing with another team. If the committee
grants his request, he can play anywhere immediately.

"I don't know what we are going to do," Greg Hamilton said, referring to the
possibility of losing the appeal. "But, we are very disappointed. We didn't want
all this. We just wanted UTEP to honor our request. This is nothing against
UTEP, this is nothing against El Paso. This is about a boy granting his
grandmother's wish."

Floyd, who has been trying to replace the loss of guard Andre Spight, who did
not qualify academically, has been on the road recruiting.

"Do I feel this relationship is salvageable?" he said. "Of course. We would
certainly be professional in terms of treatment. There would be no hard
feelings. All we are doing is enforcing the rule. As to whether or not Isaac
will come, that's a question for Isaac and his dad."

And so, for now, everyone waits. Everyone ... Floyd, the UTEP basketball fans
and the Hamilton family.

Just waiting.

Bill Knight may be reached at 546-6171.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Floyd
Hamilton

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2013 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              210 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                             July 18, 2006 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

Don't tread on them;
Two states follow Oregon's lead in proposing 'no land-use regulation without
compensation'

SECTION: COMMENTARY; Pg. Edit_H

LENGTH: 511 words


For the past couple of decades at least, Oregon has served as a petri dish for
bad governing fads. As a place where old hippies and ex-Californians congregate,
it has served as a testing ground for some of the most Draconian smart growth
and "new urbanism" ideas out there -- making it a mecca of sorts for the
better-living-through-master-planning set, but a war zone for property owners.

All this command and control spawned a backlash several years back, when
Oregonians approved Measure 37. It required that property owners be compensated
when a land-use regulation diminished their property value. We heralded the vote
as the beginning of a second American Revolution, whose rallying cry would be,
"No regulation without compensation!"

A government taking is a government taking, in our view, whether it comes in the
form of condemnation and seizure using eminent domain, or via rules and
regulations that so restrict an individual's property rights that a "regulatory
taking" has occurred. The Fifth Amendment requires that just compensation be
paid. We therefore applauded passage of Measure 37.

Until the passage of 37, which has been upheld by the Oregon Supreme Court, all
the costs of growth control regulations fell on the individual property owners,
who saw their land use options (and value) diminished in myriad ways. After its
passage, the cost burden shifted to where it belongs -- to the regulator and the
taxpaying public in whose name many of these growth controls are imposed. If
they want to continue to play with people's lives -- which is what it amounts to
when you meddle with their property -- they have to pay to do so. Thus far,
about $3.7 billion in claims have been made against the state under the new law.

This sticks in the craw of the command-and-control crowd, no doubt, but we think
it will lead to much more care and discretion in the way regulators and
politicians operate, as well as remind the public that someone has to pay for
land-use regulations.

And the idea, we're happy to report, is spreading.

Earlier this summer, supporters of Initiative 933, a Measure 37 clone in
Washington state, turned in enough signatures to make the ballot. "Government
land-use regulations have increased exponentially in the past 10 years," said
Dean Boyer, a spokesman for the Washington Farm Bureau. "It's time to tell
government to stop." And Washingtonians may take the idea a step further than
Oregon did, by making the compensation provisions retroactive to 1995. And a
similar measure, Proposition 2, will also be on Idaho's ballot this fall.

The result will show whether Oregon's Measure 37 was just an isolated case or
part of a broader movement with national implications. We hope it's the latter.
Of course, it might take a decade or more before the
no-regulation-without-compensation concept migrates far enough east to
revolutionize the regulatory regime in Washington, D.C. But just imagine the
difference it would make if it ever does.

-- This first appeared in the

Colorado Springs Gazette,

a sister newspaper of the Register.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2006 The Orange County Register (California)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              211 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 28, 2013 Sunday

UTEP basketball: Miners, recruit await next move

BYLINE: Bill Knight, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 971 words


July 28--Golden flecks of sunshine and happiness rained down like a late summer
monsoon on El Paso basketball fans last November when Los Angeles high school
star Isaac Hamilton announced live on ?ESPNU that he was signing a National
Letter of Intent with UTEP.

So much of that joy has turned to a flood of dismay now that word has surfaced
that Hamilton has asked out of his commitment because, he says, his 85-year-old
grandmother is ill.

UTEP coach Tim Floyd has denied the release. UTEP athletic director Bob Stull
backs Floyd. And Hamilton's parents say they will appeal to the National Letter
of Intent Steering Committee in Indianapolis.

So where are we now?

"They (the Hamilton family) have to decide what they want to do," Floyd said.
"We're waiting for the National Letter of Intent people to decide. As I've said
before, I just don't feel it's right to let Isaac out of his letter of intent.
He signed it, he made a commitment and we believe he should honor it."

For his part, Stull said, "He's (Hamilton) asked us for his release, we have
declined. He has said he will appeal, which he hasn't done yet. The whole
scenario is crazy. Forty-five percent of freshmen (basketball players) transfer
anyway. But that's after you have spent a year on a campus. Kids today really
have almost three years to make

a decision. Once they sign, it's a two-way street. When you sign a kid to a
scholarship, that means you've let somebody else go. This late, the talent pool
is really diminished. The number of quality players left is really diminished."

There is contention between the parties. Floyd feels USC tampered with Hamilton
after he signed with UTEP last November, which is an NCAA violation. He has had
telephone conversations with both new USC coach Andy Enfield and Pat Haden, the
athletic director. USC has declined comment.

The Hamilton family insists this is strictly a family matter. Though Isaac
Hamilton was unavailable for comment, his father did speak out.

"We are going to appeal to the NCAA," said Greg Hamilton, Isaac's father. "This
is not about athletics. This is not about USC. This is not about UCLA or any
other school. This is about a boy and his grandmother and her wish.

"My wife's mother, Isaac's 85-year-old grandmother, was recently diagnosed with
a mass tumor and kidney failure," he said. "She is our last remaining
grandparent. When Coach Floyd went to interview with USC during last season, she
expressed a wish that he would move there and she could see Isaac play.
Obviously, she can't travel. Watching her grandsons play basketball was her joy
... we always had her there at their high school games in her wheelchair."

Just how good is Isaac Hamilton? He is on everyone's national top 25 player
list. He was ranked the 14th best player in the nation by Rivals.com. He was
selected to the McDonald's All-American Game. He is a difference-maker and he
could have gone anywhere.

But he chose UTEP.

"We chose UTEP because of a 30-year relationship with Coach Floyd," Greg
Hamilton said.

Floyd recruited Hamilton's brother Kevin to UTEP. Kevin Hamilton was a highly
recruited player out of Los Angeles and was a four-year starter for the Miners
during the 1980s.

"Coach Floyd has known our family for a long time and he came to my mother's
funeral," Greg Hamilton said. "We are hurt that UTEP doesn't understand our
situation. Like I said, this is about a boy and his grandmother. This is Isaac's
first big decision as a young man. This has nothing to do with basketball. This
has to do with a 19-year-old boy wanting to stay close to home so his
grandmother can watch him play.

"I told Isaac that no matter what happens, you have already won," he added. "You
gave up something for yourself. Again, this isn't about USC. This isn't about
Jason Hart (USC assistant coach). We are just a family that thought Tim Floyd
was the perfect choice for our son."

Hart is a new assistant coach at USC and was Hamilton's Amateur Athletic Union
coach two years ago. Hart asked to be released from his letter of intent at
Syracuse, but Jim Boeheim declined his request. He played four years for
Syracuse and nine years in the NBA.

While USC has made no comment, Scout.com reported that a source close to the USC
program said the Trojans would have no interest in Hamilton if granted his
release. Given that USC has a new coach, is trying to build a program and
already has three new transfers, that is highly unlikely. Almost anyone would be
interested in a talent like Hamilton.

So what happens now?

It could take weeks for the National Letter of Intent Steering Committee to
decide. If they deny the Hamilton request, he must either come to UTEP, or sit
out a season without practicing or playing with another team. If the committee
grants his request, he can play anywhere immediately.

"I don't know what we are going to do," Greg Hamilton said, referring to the
possibility of losing the appeal. "But, we are very disappointed. We didn't want
all this. We just wanted UTEP to honor our request. This is nothing against
UTEP, this is nothing against El Paso. This is about a boy granting his
grandmother's wish."

Floyd, who has been trying to replace the loss of guard Andre Spight, who did
not qualify academically, has been on the road recruiting.

"Do I feel this relationship is salvageable?" he said. "Of course. We would
certainly be professional in terms of treatment. There would be no hard
feelings. All we are doing is enforcing the rule. As to whether or not Isaac
will come, that's a question for Isaac and his dad."

And so, for now, everyone waits. Everyone ... Floyd, the UTEP basketball fans
and the Hamilton family.

Just waiting.

Bill Knight may be reached at 546-6171.

___ (c)2013 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130728-EY-HLT-UTEP-basketball-Miners-recruit-await-next-move-0728-20130728

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2013 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                              212 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                            October 1, 2011 Saturday

Canadian Arctic loses most of huge ice shelf

SECTION: NEWS; World

LENGTH: 381 words


Two ice shelves that existed before Canada was settled by Europeans diminished
significantly this northern summer, one nearly disappearing altogether, Canadian
scientists say in newly published research.

The loss is important as a marker of global warming, returning the Canadian
Arctic to conditions that date back thousands of years, scientists say. Floating
icebergs that have broken free as a result pose a risk to offshore oil
facilities and potentially to shipping lanes. The breaking apart of the ice
shelves also reduces the environment that supports microbial life and changes
the look of Canada's coastline.

Luke Copland is an associate professor in the geography department at the
University of Ottawa who co-authored the research published on Carleton
University's website. He said the Serson Ice Shelf shrank from 205 square
kilometres to two remnant sections five years ago, and was further diminished
this past summer.

Copland said the shelf went from a 42sq km floating glacier tongue to 25sq km,
and the second section from 35sq km to 7sq km, off Ellesmere Island's northern
coastline.

This past summer, Ward Hunt Ice Shelf's central area disintegrated into drifting
ice masses, leaving two separate ice shelves measuring 227sq km and 74sq km
respectively, reduced from 340sq km the previous year.

"It has dramatically broken apart in two separate areas and there's nothing in
between now but water," said Copland.

Copland said those two losses are significant, especially since the Ward Hunt
Ice Shelf has always been the biggest, the farthest north and the one scientists
thought might have been the most stable.

"Recent [ice shelf] loss has been very rapid, and goes hand-in-hand with the
rapid sea ice decline we have seen in this decade and the increasing warmth and
extensive melt in the Arctic regions," said Ted Scambos, lead scientist at the
National Snow and Ice Data Centre at the University of Colorado.

Copland, who uses satellite imagery and who has conducted field work in the
Arctic every May for the past five years, said that since the end of July,
pieces equalling one and a half times the size of Manhattan Island have broken
off. Co-researcher Derek Mueller, an assistant professor at Carleton University,
said the loss equals up to 2.72 billion tonnes.

- AP

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              213 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 July 6, 2000, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

SWOOPES' ROLE, MONEY MAY HAVE HASTENED COOPER'S EXIT

BYLINE: Kathleen Nelson; Of The Post-DispatchWOMEN'S PROFESSIONAL BASKETBALL;
SALARY; PLAYING TIME; TEAM RECORD COACHING STAFF

SECTION: SPORTS, Pg. D3

LENGTH: 569 words


Cynthia Cooper's announcement that she'll retire at the end of the WNBA season
is difficult to take at face value.

The three-time playoff most valuable player of the Houston Comets said Monday
that she was left with little choice because of her diminished role.

Statistics debunk her assertion. Cooper, 37, leads the Comets in minutes at 35.1
a game, is ranked first among guards in preliminary returns of All-Star voting
and is one of the pillars of the WNBA's marketing machine.

Cooper's remarks caught Comets coach Van Chancellor by surprise, and Chancellor
also disagreed with the notion of a diminished role.

"There's no question in my mind Cynthia is the greatest player in the game,"
Chancellor said. "She can create for herself, but she's better than anyone else
at creating for her teammates, too."

Perhaps the operative words here are Sheryl Swoopes. Cooper, averaging 12.5
shots and 18.1 points per game, is second on the team in those categories to
Swoopes (15.5 and 21.0).

Or perhaps it's about money. Reports indicate that Cooper has the highest base
salary in the WNBA - about $ 76,000 - though she makes nowhere near the
endorsement money of Swoopes or LA's Lisa Leslie.

"I know there's a lot more basketball in me, but I'm not happy," Cooper told The
Associated Press, adding that she's considering a career in either broadcasting
or coaching.

Another option would be a return to Europe, where Cooper established herself as
a dominant force for 11 seasons. The Detroit Shock's Elena Tornikidou, for
example, earns $ 250,000 a year in Europe; Cooper could command more.

Sacramento Monarchs forward Yolanda Griffith, last year's regular-season MVP,
defensive player of the year and newcomer of the year, is paying the price.
She's being hammered by two and three defenders whenever she touches the ball.

As a result, her statistics are down. She is averaging 16.1 points, 8.5 rebounds
and has had three double-doubles. Last season, she led the league in rebounds
and steals, averaging 18.8 points, 11.4 rebounds, 2.5 steals and had 17
double-doubles.

Yet Griffith said she welcomes the attention, the better to show off her
teammates. The formula has worked, as the Monarchs (11-5) had the third-best
record in the league before Wednesday's games.

"This year is an overall team effort," she told the Washington Post. "Everybody
is contributing and doing their part, more than what happened last year. And I
think it is important because it is a lot of pressure."

Indiana Fever center Kara Wolters was suspended without pay for Saturday's game
and fined $ 500 for leaving the bench after teammate Rita Williams was fouled by
New York's Jessica Bibby.

Phoenix Mercury point guard Michele Timms, a starter in last year's inaugural
WNBA All-Star game, will miss the rest of the season after having knee surgery.

Charlotte guard Dawn Staley wears a rubber band on her wrist and snaps herself
every time she commits a turnover. Luckily, she's on target more often than not
with her passes; she is third in the league in assists at 6.3 per game.

Chancellor and the Phoenix Mercury's Cheryl Miller are the only coaches to
remain with the same team all four seasons.

===

This week on TV

Friday: Charlotte at Houston, 8 p.m., Lifetime

Saturday: Phoenix at Indiana, 1 p.m., KSDK (Channel 5)

Wednesday: Sacramento at Houston, 7:30 p.m., ESPN

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO Photo by THE ASSOCIATED PRESS - Houston's Cynthia Cooper (14)
still rises above the WNBA crowd, but has cited a "diminished role" for her
impending exodus.

                  Copyright 2000 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              214 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                              June 17, 2013 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Our texting is overtaking our talking

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 256 words


We use technology to save time but inevitably we lose something in the process -
intimacy, thoughtfulness, even perhaps the capacity to distinguish between east
and west on a traffic map.

In a commencement speech he gave recently at Middlebury College in Vermont,
novelist Jonathan Safran Foer bemoaned in particular the dehumanizing bargain
we've struck with our shiny, indispensable communication devices. The casual
connectivity of the mobile phone, email, texting and social media has developed
as a "diminished substitute" for face-to-face communication, he said, and it has
chipped away at our capacity to give others, even ourselves, our undivided
attention.

"The problem with accepting - with preferring - diminished substitutes is that
over time, we, too, become diminished substitutes," Foer said. "People who
become used to saying little become used to feeling little."

Foer's comments came to mind last week with the release of a study on the
communication habits of the average British household. It emerges that the
modern family keeps in touch via 1,768 texts, 520 emails and 68 hours on the
phone, every year.

Something like four in 10 parents claimed they are more likely to communicate
with their children via text or email than actually see them face-to-face.

The study of 2,000 parents also found that almost half of all Brits confess to
texting, emailing or phoning other family members when they are in the same
house, often in the next room. Too lazy to get up and go to talk to them in
person? Perhaps it's just easier.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2013 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              215 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Pasadena Star-News (California)

                            October 18, 2011 Tuesday

Larry Wilson: Rose Queen wears a weighty crown

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 512 words


THE African-American population of Pasadena has diminished in recent years.

The 20th-century city was white, and it was black - the Asian and Latino
populations were strong, but much smaller in number than now.

Unusually for Southern Caliornia cities except for Los Angeles, Pasadena was
always well-integrated. The black part of that equation is a function of two
things: African-American families who worked for the wealthy white families that
founded the city at the turn of the century came from the Midwest and East with
them, and stayed; and black families looking to get out of the Jim Crow South -
Mack and Jackie Robinson's family, for instance - found the climate in Pasadena
as appealing as everyone else did, and the job market and racial tensions no
worse than anyplace else.

Black culture thrived in Pasadena, in the face of both progressivism and
prejudice. When I went there, John Muir High School on Lincoln Avenue was large
and mostly African American. Our culture was `60s soul.

The black population of Pasadena diminished by 24 percent, though, from just the
2000 Census to 2010. That's a sea change. There are other factors, including a
flight to safety from gang wars. But it's not wrong to blame real estate prices
on both side of the equation for most of the exodus.

On the one hand, black families who had been in the city for generations found
that the small Northwest bungalow they owned had vastly increased in value. For
the price it would bring, you could buy a new, bigger house in Moreno Valley or
Palmdale. Lots of black families did just that.

On the other hand, as older folks passed on, that high cost of real estate made
it very hard for young black families to buy in the city in which many of them
had grown up. They headed east, along with so many others.

Demographics are just numbers, in one sense - but the city feels strange to me,
having seen its black population reduce from over 19,000 to about 14,650.

This is all by way of saying that, though we are a different culture today than
in my youth, slightly more colorblind with each passing year, the answer is that
Yes, it is still important to note that a young black woman was chosen by the
Pasadena Tournament of Roses Association Monday as its Rose Queen.

It was 26 years ago that Kristina Smith reigned over the 1985 TofR. That's a
long time. As staffer Janette Williams' story today points out, that was a
decade before Drew Washington, queen of the 2012 parade, was even born.

Janette quotes local NAACP President Joe Brown, who matter-of-factly agrees
about Drew: "It does matter," Brown says. "This is going to send a strong
message not only to Pasadena, but one that will resonate tomorrow all over the
U.S."

Big burden to place on a 16-year-old Flintridge Sacred Heart Academy volleyball
player's shoulders. So we'll try to just let Drew be Drew. Like every other Rose
Queen I've ever met, she watched the parade from curbside all her life, dreaming
of one day . . . Congratulations from your city, Queen Drew.

Public Editor Larry Wilson's blog is www.insidesocal.com/publiceye .

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              216 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   Azer News

                             April 1, 2014 Tuesday

Marx and the Mechanical Turk

LENGTH: 821  words


J. Bradford DeLong former deputy assistant secretary of the US Treasury, is
Professor of Economics at the University of California at Berkeley and a
research associate at the National Bureau of Economic Research.

The economist Suresh Naidu once remarked to me that there were three big
problems with Karl Marx's economics. First, Marx thought that increased
investment and capital accumulation diminished labor's value to employers and
thus diminished workers' bargaining power. Second, he could not fully grasp that
rising real material living standards for the working class might well go hand
in hand with a rising rate of exploitation - that is, a smaller income share for
labor. And, third, Marx was fixated on the labor-theory of value.

The second and third problems remain huge analytical mistakes. But, while Marx's
belief that capital and labor were substitutes, not complements, was a mistake
in his own age, and for more than a century to follow, it may not be a mistake
today.

Think of it this way. Humans have five core competencies as far as the world of
work is concerned:

Moving things with large muscles.

Finely manipulating things with small muscles.

Using our hands, mouths, brains, eyes, and ears to ensure that ongoing processes
and procedures happen the way that they are supposed to.

Engaging in social reciprocity and negotiation to keep us all pulling in the
same direction.

Thinking up new things - activities that produce outcomes that are necessary,
convenient, or luxurious - for us to do.

The first two options comprise jobs that we typically think of as "blue collar."
Much of the second three options embody jobs that we typically think of as
"white collar."

The coming of the Industrial Revolution - the steam engine to generate power and
metalworking to build machinery - greatly reduced the need for human muscles and
fingers. But it enormously increased the need for human eye-ear-brain-hand-mouth
loops in both blue-collar and white-collar occupations.

Over time, the real prices of machines continued to fall. But the real prices of
the cybernetic control loops needed to keep the machines running properly did
not, because every control loop required a human brain, and every human brain
required a fifteen-year process of growth, education, and development.

But there is no iron law of wages that requires technologies of power and matter
manipulation to advance more rapidly than technologies of governance and
control. The direction of technological progress today is toward moving very
large parts of both the blue-collar and white-collar components of overseeing
ongoing processes and procedures from humans to machines.

How many of us can be employed in personal services, and how can such jobs be
highly paid (in absolute terms)? The optimistic view is that those, like me, who
find ourselves fearing the relative wage distribution of the future as a source
of mammoth inequality and power imbalance simply suffer from a failure of
imagination.

Marx did not see how the replacement of textile workers by automatic looms could
possibly do anything other than lower workers' wages. After all, the volume of
production could not possibly expand enough to reemploy everyone who lost their
job as a handloom weaver as a machine-minder or a carpet-seller, could it?

It could, but Marx's mistake was not a new one. A century earlier, the French
physiocrats Quesnay, Turgot, and Condorcet did not see how the share of the
French labor force employed in agriculture could possibly fall below 50% without
producing social ruin. After all, in a world of solid farmers, useful craftsmen,
dissolute aristocrats, and flunkies, demand for manufactured items and flunkies
was limited by how much of each aristocrats could use. Thus, a decline in the
number of farmers could produce no outcome other than poverty and widespread
beggary.

Neither Marx nor the physiocrats could imagine the great many well-paid things
that we could find to do once we no longer needed to employ 60% of the labor
force in agriculture and another 20% in hand spinning, handloom weaving, and
land transport via horse and cart. And today, the optimistic view is that those
with excess wealth will continue to think of lots of things for everyone else to
do to make their lives more convenient and luxurious, and that the ingenuity of
the rich will outstrip the supply of labor by the poor and turn the poor into
the middle class.

But, given the rapid development of technologies of governance and control, the
pessimistic view deserves attention. In this scenario, pieces of option three
remain stubbornly impervious to artificial intelligence and continue to be
mind-numbingly boring, while option four - engaging in social reciprocity and
negotiation - remains limited. Welcome to the virtual sweatshop economy, in
which most of us are chained to desks and screens - so many powerless cogs for
Amazon Mechanical Turk, forever.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 Azer News Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              217 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 25, 2003 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

War Support Persists As Casualties Grow;
Poll: Public Expects 'Significant' Losses

BYLINE: Richard Morin and Claudia Deane, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A22

LENGTH: 927 words


Public support for the war with Iraq remains strong despite more grim news from
the front, diminished expectations that the conflict will be brief and
relatively bloodless, and the widespread belief at home that the looming battle
for Baghdad will be particularly difficult, according to a Washington Post-ABC
News poll conducted Sunday night.

The survey found that 54 percent of the country now believes the United States
and its allies will sustain "significant" casualties in the war, up from 37
percent on Thursday, the day after President Bush declared war on Iraq and
allied forces launched a limited airstrike on Baghdad.

Many Americans also expect a somewhat longer war than they did a few days ago.
Nearly half -- 45 percent -- now expect the war to last months rather than days
or weeks, up from 37 percent on Thursday. Eight in 10 expect a difficult fight
to control Baghdad, a view shared by equally large majorities of those who
support the war and those who oppose it.

"We think this is tough now, wait 'til we get to Baghdad," said Mike Shipe, 28,
a mechanic who lives in Columbus, Ohio. "That's where they're hunkered down.
That's where the real fighting is going to be. . . . It's going to be a doozy
over there."

Yet these somber assessments have not diminished overall support for the war
effort or favorable views of Bush's handling of it, both of which have risen in
recent days.

More than seven in 10 Americans currently back the president's decision to go to
war, unchanged from the start of the campaign. Seven in 10 (71 percent) approve
of the way he is handling the situation in Iraq, up 6 percentage points from
three days ago and higher than at any time in the past seven months. Bush's
overall job approval rating was unchanged, at 68 percent.

The survey found that eight in 10 Americans believe the campaign is going well,
although only about a third said it was going "very well" for the United States.
Even opponents acknowledged that the invasion seemed to be accomplishing its
goals: 63 percent of those against the war said it was going well for allied
forces.

Overall, two in three said the war to oust Iraqi President Saddam Hussein and
rid Iraq of weapons of mass destruction was progressing about as they had
expected. More Americans (19 percent) said the conflict was going better than
they anticipated than those who thought it was going worse (10 percent).

Those evaluations are somewhat less positive than those in surveys conducted in
the first days of the Persian Gulf War in 1991, when 39 percent thought the
conflict was going better than they thought it would.

"Up until today [Sunday], I think it had gone very well for us," said Sheryl
Leach, 63, a retired government worker who lives in Mooreland, Okla. "I think
today is a day we had to expect was going to come along. I don't think anyone
expected we could walk right in there with no opposition whatsoever."

Daphne Nugent, 40, who works for a health care company and lives in New York
City, disagrees. "I didn't expect there to be this much trouble," she said. "And
I'm a little upset by what I'm hearing in terms of the casualties and the
prisoners of war. . . . I thought it would end pretty easily and quickly -- the
war part of it anyway, not the occupation part."

Despite reports Sunday of fierce fighting and growing allied losses, half of
those interviewed said the number of U.S. military casualties so far was about
what they expected. One in four said casualties were greater than they initially
thought they would be, and an equal proportion said the losses were smaller than
they had anticipated.

Republicans remain nearly unanimous in their support for the war. While
majorities of Democrats and independents also expressed support, large
minorities of each group remain opposed.

The survey found 95 percent of Republicans backing the war with Iraq, including
82 percent who said they "strongly support" the invasion. In contrast, about six
in 10 Democrats and political independents currently support the war, with
roughly four in 10 opposing it.

There is a gender gap in terms of support for the war, although not a large one.
The Post-ABC poll found that 78 percent of men supported it, compared with 66
percent of women.

A total of 580 randomly selected Americans were interviewed Sunday. The margin
of sampling error for the overall results is plus or minus 4 percentage points.

The survey found that protests at home and abroad have done little to affect
public opinion on the war. If anything, they have deepened support among those
who already favored using military force against Iraq.

Seven in 10 said the antiwar rallies have not changed their opinion on the
conflict. One in five said the protests have made them more likely to back the
war, while 7 percent said it has increased their opposition to the conflict.

Six in 10 agreed that the demonstrations were a sign of a healthy democracy,
while fewer than four in 10 said opponents should not demonstrate against the
war because it was better for the country to appear united. Only one in six said
such protests should not be permitted.

"I have a hard time seeing people protest the war," said Ted Stahl, 40, a
metalworker who lives in Jasper, Ga. "I don't have problems with people having
the right to voice opinions. But people live in the U.S., a great nation of
freedom, and they mock our nation's freedom and our government."

Overall the survey suggests that few Americans have attended antiwar
demonstrations (2 percent) or rallies in support of the war effort (1 percent).

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Washington Post


                              218 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                           December 20, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Letters to the editor

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 673  words


Sen. Dole proved to be no champion of regional rail

Although my husband graduated from Duke University with Sen. Elizabeth Dole, I
have never met her. Mrs. Dole has not lived in North Carolina during the 40 some
years I have lived and taught children in this state.

When Senator Dole was elected to the U.S. Senate, she asked Democrats to give
her a chance. Being a reasonable person, I have done so. However, her voting
record has consistently been with President Bush and the Republican leadership.

Recently, I was pleased to note that she had joined with Rep. David Price in
support of the Triangle Transit Authority. So it was extremely disappointing to
read that both Sen. Dole and Sen. Richard Burr notified the TTA by letter of
their opinion that "it is time for TTA to explore other possibilities."

My father used to tell me to pay more attention to what a person does than to
what he says. That will tell the measure of a man or a woman. Sen. Dole has
shown her measure along with Sen. Burr.

It appears TTA had no champion in either of them and that is sad news for our
crowded area.

MRS. D.S. BURDICK

Excitement diminished

When my wife and I considered moving back to North Carolina in 2006, we looked
at a lot of factors. North Carolina's housing prices and in-state tuition can't
be beat in Maryland, so the only question was what part of the state to move to.
The Triangle's proposed regional rail line made a big impact on that decision. I
anticipated walking to a station in Durham to ride to work, but my excitement
diminished yesterday when I read that the Federal Transportation Administration
had rejected the TTA's request for funding.

We spend billions of dollars on highways that only clog up with traffic, but a
clean, efficient rail line is apparently not worth the investment. I hope that
the TTA and local Triangle leaders do not give up on this project. Regional rail
is a sorely needed investment in the entire region's future, one that shows the
Triangle is dedicated to improving quality of life.

RYAN SNIATECKI

Baltimore

Try different approach

Before the present executive director joined the Triangle Transit Authority
(TTA), I warned the previous director to look at a rail system that could use
existing tracks. I felt this community did not have the population to support a
rail system as proposed. The cost to build a new line from North Raleigh to West
Durham is just too much. I do not believe the present figure of $800 million
would cover the cost. It appears I may have been correct and other alternatives
warranted a look.

There are other types of rail systems that can shuttle large numbers of people
during peak hours that are not in the light rail class. One such system is the
Virginia Railway Express (VRE), a commuter rail system that shuttles people from
the Manassas, Va., area to Washington, D.C., during peak hours, morning and
evenings. It operates on existing Norfolk Southern tracks.

Why couldn't we do the same? Before I left Norfolk Southern (NS), freight
traffic was very light between Raleigh and Durham. I don't think much has
changed. TTA should be able to broker a deal with Norfolk Southern to use its
rails, as the VRE has done.

A system like that would cost a fraction of what our proposed rail system would.
It would not run every 15 minutes, but it would help reduce traffic during peak
hours. Isn't that a reason for this system? Don't give up on trains, but look at
other, cheaper models.

JOE W. BOWSER

Insult to military

Despite his reservations about the Iraq war [Letters, Dec. 13], LaMotte Akin's
characterization of American soldiers as "a mercenary army" is outrageous. I'm
sure that he knows that the dictionary definition of mercenary includes those
who enlist in a foreign army for pay or simply fight for pay based upon venal
motives.

To so callously denigrate the sacrifice of the 2,100 dead and 12,000 wounded
G.I.s to make a political point (well-taken or not) reflects the degree of
extremism and fanaticism the current political climate has engendered.

LEO F. HANLEY

Hillsborough

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 The Durham Herald Co.


                              219 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 12, 2016 Tuesday

United States Courts Opinions: United States District Court Eastern District of
Sixth Circuit: TRI COUNTY WHOLESALE DISTRIBUTORS, INC.; THE BELLAS COMPANY,
Plaintiffs-Appellants/Cross-Appellees, v. LABATT USA OPERATING CO., LLC;
CERVECERIA COSTA RICA, S.A., NORTH AMERICAN BREWERIES HOLDINGS, LLC,
Defendants-Appellees/Cross-Appellants.

LENGTH: 7889 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States District Court Eastern District of Sixth Circuit has
issued the following order:



  1 RECOMMENDED FOR FULL-TEXT PUBLICATION Pursuant to Sixth Circuit I.O.P.
32.1(b) File Name: 16a0154p.06 UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE SIXTH
CIRCUIT _________________ TRI COUNTY WHOLESALE DISTRIBUTORS, INC.; THE BELLAS
COMPANY, Plaintiffs-Appellants/Cross-Appellees, v. LABATT USA OPERATING CO.,
LLC; CERVECERIA COSTA RICA, S.A., NORTH AMERICAN BREWERIES HOLDINGS, LLC,
Defendants-Appellees/Cross-Appellants. &#226;&#148;&#144; &#226;&#148;&#130;
&#226;&#148;&#130; &#226;&#148;&#130; &#226;&#148;&#130; &#226;&#148;&#130;
&#226;&#148;&#130; &#226;&#148;&#130; &#226;&#148;&#130; &#226;&#148;&#130;
&#226;&#148;&#130; &#226;&#148;[#xfffd] Nos. 15-3710/3769 Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio at Columbus.

No. 2:13-cv-00317--Algenon L. Marbley, District Judge. Argued: March 17, 2016
Decided and Filed: July 6, 2016 Before: BOGGS, SILER, and BATCHELDER, Circuit
Judges. _________________ COUNSEL ARGUED: David W. Alexander, SQUIRE PATTON
BOGGS (US) LLP, Columbus, Ohio, for Appellants/Cross-Appellees. James B.
Niehaus, FRANTZ WARD LLP, Cleveland, Ohio, for Appellees/Cross-Appellants. ON
BRIEF: David W. Alexander, Larry J. Obhof Jr., Christopher F. Haas, SQUIRE
PATTON BOGGS (US) LLP, Columbus, Ohio, for Appellants/CrossAppellees. James B.
Niehaus, Christopher C. Koehler, FRANTZ WARD LLP, Cleveland, Ohio, for
Appellees/Cross-Appellants. > Case: 15-3769 Document: 30-2 Filed: 07/06/2016
Page: 1 Nos. 15-3710/3769 Tri County Wholesale Distributors, et al. v. Labatt
USA Operating Co., et al. Page 2 _________________ OPINION _________________
BOGGS, Circuit Judge. After Prohibition ended in 1933 when the Twenty-First
Amendment was ratified, most states adopted a system for distributing alcoholic
beverages that consists of three tiers: suppliers, distributors, and retailers.
Suppliers manufacture or import alcoholic beverages, and they must sell their
products to state-licensed distributors. Those distributors then sell the
products to retailers, who sell them to consumers. While many economists are
skeptical about the public benefits of this regulatory scheme, Ohio continues to
operate under a three-tier system. One feature of Ohio's three-tier system is
that when a supplier and a distributor enter into a franchise agreement, the
agreement is protected from termination without just cause. Ohio Rev. Code ]
1333.85. That protection, however, is subject to an exception for when "a
successor manufacturer acquires all or substantially all of the stock or assets
of another manufacturer through merger or acquisition." Id. ] 1333.85(D). If
such an acquisition occurs, the successor manufacturer may terminate the
franchise if it repurchases the distributor's inventory of the products and
"compensate[s] the distributor for the diminished value of the distributor's
business that is directly related to the sale of the product or brand terminated
or not renewed by the successor manufacturer." Ibid. In this case, we consider
the scope of transactions covered by ] 1333.85(D) and the proper method for
calculating the diminished value of a distributor's business. We also consider
whether the Takings Clauses of the federal and Ohio constitutions protect
distributors' franchises from termination under ] 1333.85(D). I The plaintiffs
in this case--Tri County Wholesale Distributors and Iron City Distributing ("the
distributors")--are distributors of alcohol in Ohio that entered into franchise
agreements with a supplier--Labatt USA Operating Co., LLC ("Labatt USA
Operating"). The franchise agreements allowed the distributors to sell several
prominent brands of beer in their respective territories: Labatt, Genesee,
Dundee, Honey Brown Lager, and Seagram's Escapes. Case: 15-3769 Document: 30-2
Filed: 07/06/2016 Page: 2 Nos. 15-3710/3769 Tri County Wholesale Distributors,
et al. v. Labatt USA Operating Co., et al. Page 3 Labatt USA Operating is 100%
owned and controlled by North American Breweries Holdings, LLC ("NAB Holdings")
through a series of five intermediate nested holding companies: North American
Breweries Holdings, LLC | 100% Ownership North American Breweries Intermediate
Holdings, LLC | 100% Ownership North American Breweries, Inc. | 100% Ownership
NAB Holdco, LLC | 100% Ownership North American Breweries Operating Holdco, LLC
| 100% Ownership Labatt USA Operating Holdings, LLC | 100% Ownership Labatt USA
Operating Co., LLC Before December 11, 2012, the membership interests in NAB
Holdings were owned by several investors ("KPS entities"). On December 11, the
KPS entities sold their interests in NAB Holdings through a complex transaction
that resulted in CCR American Breweries, Inc. ("CCR") owning 100% of NAB
Holdings. About three months later, on March 7, 2013, Tri County received a
letter from CCR purporting to terminate Tri County's right to distribute the
brands supplied by Labatt USA Operating. On March 11, 2013, Iron City received a
similar letter. The letters claimed that CCR was entitled to terminate the
franchise agreements because CCR's acquisition of NAB Holdings qualified under
Ohio Revised Code ] 1333.85(D) as a transaction in which "a successor
manufacturer acquire[d] all or substantially all of the stock or assets of
another manufacturer through merger or acquisition." Case: 15-3769 Document:
30-2 Filed: 07/06/2016 Page: 3 Nos. 15-3710/3769 Tri County Wholesale
Distributors, et al. v. Labatt USA Operating Co., et al. Page 4 The distributors
responded by suing Cerveceria Costa Rica, S.A. (the owner of CCR), Labatt USA
Operating, and NAB Holdings ("the suppliers") for: (1) a declaratory judgment
stating that the franchises cannot be terminated under ] 1333.85(D) and an award
of any damages resulting from the suppliers' attempted termination of the
franchises; (2) in the alternative, a declaratory judgment stating that the
suppliers may not terminate the franchises under ] 1333.85(D) because doing so
would violate the Takings Clauses of the federal and Ohio constitutions; or (3)
in the alternative, if the suppliers may terminate the franchises under ]
1333.85(D), the diminished value of the distributors' businesses. The district
court granted the suppliers judgment on the pleadings on the Takings Clause
claim and summary judgment on the claim regarding the scope of ] 1333.85(D). The
court then held a bench trial to determine the diminished value of the
distributors' businesses, the details of which will be discussed below. The
court determined that the diminution of the values of Tri County and Iron City
was $2,756,459 and $302,720, respectively. The distributors now appeal the
district court's rulings, raising four issues: (1) whether the suppliers were
entitled to terminate the franchises under ] 1333.85(D); (2) whether the
terminations, if allowed under ] 1333.85(D), violate the Takings Clauses of the
federal and Ohio constitutions; (3) whether the district court should have
included in the distributors' awards the net operating losses they were expected
to incur after the termination of the franchises; and (4) whether the district
court should have relied solely on the distributors' expert's proposed capital
structure in calculating the diminished value of the distributors' businesses.
The suppliers raise two additional issues in their cross-appeal: (1) whether the
district court should have deducted profits earned by the distributors after the
valuation date of the brands from the court's calculation of the diminished
value of the distributors' businesses; and (2) whether the district court should
have relied solely on the suppliers' expert's proposed capital structure in
calculating the diminished value of the distributors' businesses. II The first
issue is whether the suppliers were entitled to terminate their franchise
agreements with the distributors under ] 1333.85(D), a question of law that we
review de novo. Case: 15-3769 Document: 30-2 Filed: 07/06/2016 Page: 4 Nos.
15-3710/3769 Tri County Wholesale Distributors, et al. v. Labatt USA Operating
Co., et al. Page 5 Lavado v. Keohane, 992 F.2d 601, 605 (6th Cir. 1993). Under
Ohio Revised Code ] 1333.85, suppliers cannot terminate franchise agreements
without just cause, but ] 1333.85(D) provides an exception for when "a successor
manufacturer acquires all or substantially all of the stock or assets of another
manufacturer through merger or acquisition or acquires or is the assignee of a
particular product or brand of alcoholic beverage from another manufacturer."
The question here is whether ] 1333.85(D) covers CCR's acquisition of NAB
Holdings from the KPS entities. The distributors argue that the suppliers are
not entitled to terminate the franchise agreements because the statute requires
"a successor manufacturer" to acquire the stock or assets of "another
manufacturer." According to the distributors, when a supplier is owned by a
parent company, which itself may be owned by several layers of parent companies,
transfers of ownership at the upper levels do not trigger ] 1333.85(D), because
the upper-level companies are not "manufacturers." The distributors claim that
only a company directly registered with Ohio's Division of Liquor Control can be
a "manufacturer." Thus, the distributors contend that neither NAB Holdings nor
CCR is a manufacturer; only Labatt USA Operating is a manufacturer. The district
court rejected the distributors' argument because a strict reading of the word
"manufacturer" as excluding parent companies would lead to a conclusion "that is
illogical and could not have been the intent of the drafters," quoting Esber
Beverage Co. v. Labatt USA Operating Co., Nos. 2011CA00113, 2011CA00116, 2012 WL
983171, at *6 (Ohio Ct. App. Mar. 12, 2012), aff'd, 3 N.E.3d 1173 (Ohio 2013).
In that case, the Ohio Court of Appeals considered Labatt USA Operating's
acquisition of the Labatt brands from InBev, and its subsequent attempt to
terminate a franchise agreement that gave Esber the right to distribute the
brands in ten Ohio counties. Id. at *1-2. Esber argued that "because Labatt USA
Operating Co. was created for the purpose of supplying the Labatt brands and it
was not supplying anything to anyone until it acquired the Labatt brands . . .
Labatt USA Operating Co. was not a 'successor manufacturer' at the time it
acquired the Labatt brands." Id. at *6. The court disagreed with Esber's reading
of ] 1333.85(D), writing: While we acknowledge that a strict reading of the
statutory language leads to the position argued by appellee [Esber], we find
such a strict reading of the definition of "manufacturer" also leads to a
conclusion that is illogical and could not have been the intent of the drafters.
We do not find that the statutes intended to treat a Case: 15-3769 Document:
30-2 Filed: 07/06/2016 Page: 5 Nos. 15-3710/3769 Tri County Wholesale
Distributors, et al. v. Labatt USA Operating Co., et al. Page 6 business's right
to terminate a franchise differently based on whether the business was created
for the purpose of supplying a brand of alcohol to distributors or whether the
business which acquired the brand was an existing supplier. In either situation,
the entity [acquiring the brands] would be faced with making business decisions
on how to operate most efficiently. . . . . . . . [I]n the instant case, it is
clear that there was a transfer of ownership and control of the Labatt brands
from InBev to Labatt USA Operating Co., effective March 13, 2009. There is no
evidence that InBev and Labatt USA Operating Co. are under common control. . . .
[T]he evidence is undisputed that there was in fact a complete sale of all
assets related to the Labatt brands. The trial court therefore erred in finding
that Labatt USA Operating was not a successor manufacturer within the meaning of
R.C. 1333.85(D). Id. at *6-7. Thus, even though Labatt USA Operating in that
case did not sell any alcohol at the time it acquired the brands, it was a
"successor manufacturer" because it received complete ownership and control of
the brands from InBev. Esber rejected a strict reading of "manufacturer" that is
similar to the one proposed by the distributors in this case. Hence, the
district court rejected the distributors' argument: [T]he Esber Court determined
that the dispositive inquiry in determining whether an entity was a
"manufacturer" within the meaning of "successor manufacturer" was whether it was
in the business of manufacturing or supplying alcoholic products or brands, and
thus would be faced with making business decisions regarding how to operate most
efficiently in the sale of products or brands. . . . [T]estimony confirms that
in addition CCR's complete acquisition of Labatt USA Operating, it also is
tasked with making ultimate business decisions concerning the operations of
Labatt USA Operating. Thus, it is a "manufacturer" within the meaning of the
term "successor manufacturer." We agree with the district court's application of
Esber. Such a functional, control-based approach has been used consistently by
courts in significant cases involving the applicability of ] 1333.85(D). In
Superior Beverage Co. v. Schieffelin & Co., M&ouml;et-Hennessy's wholly owned
subsidiary, Schieffelin Partner, was a 50% partner in S & S, which had the
distributorship rights to the M&ouml;et-Hennessy brands. Nos. 1:05 CV 0834, 4:05
CV 0868, 2007 WL 2756912, at *1-2 (N.D. Ohio Sept. 20, 2007). S & S then
transferred those distributorship rights to Schieffelin & Co., which was 100%
owned by M&ouml;et-Hennessy. Id. at *3-4. In effect, M&ouml;et-Hennessy went
Case: 15-3769 Document: 30-2 Filed: 07/06/2016 Page: 6 Nos. 15-3710/3769 Tri
County Wholesale Distributors, et al. v. Labatt USA Operating Co., et al. Page 7
from having 50% control over business decisions relating to the brands to having
100% control. Because there was "another separately owned player" that
controlled S & S before the transfer of the brands, id. at *10, the transaction
was not one in which an "intra-corporate restructuring took place entirely
within the same corporate family," and the court held that Schieffelin & Co. was
"a successor manufacturer under the Act as a matter of law," id. at *11.
Schieffelin is not identical to this case, as Schieffelin did not involve a
transfer of ownership at the parent-company level. Unlike CCR, Schieffelin & Co.
itself "obtained a license from the State of Ohio to distribute the brands" that
it acquired from S & S. Ibid. But Schieffelin did hold that the applicability of
] 1333.85(D) turns on whether there has been a change in control of the business
decisions regarding the brands. In Schieffelin, a change from 50% ownership to
100% ownership was enough to trigger ] 1333.85(D). Here, there was a 100% change
in ownership, with a complete change in control of the business decisions
relating to the brands. This is not a situation in which the right hand sells to
the left hand. Under a functional, control-based analysis, ] 1333.85(D) applies.
There have also been state and federal cases using a control-based inquiry to
conclude that ] 1333.85(D) did not apply. In Hill Distributing Co. v. St.
Killian Importing Co., No. 2:11- CV-706, 2011 WL 3957255 (S.D. Ohio Sept. 7,
2011), a Danish company, Carlsberg, allowed Beverage Alliance to import its beer
brands into the United States. Id. at *1. St. Killian subsequently acquired the
importation rights from Beverage Alliance, id., while Carlsberg continued to own
and market the brands, id. at *3. In deciding whether St. Killian could
terminate Carlsberg's franchise agreement with the plaintiff, Hill Distributing,
the district court applied a functional, control-based test: Effectively, what
has occurred is a restructuring of Carlsberg's business. It maintains control of
its Brands, but those brands now have a different importer into the United
States. Carlsberg continues to brew the beers, own the intellectual property,
and approve the marketing campaigns. Additionally, it may terminate St. Killian
under various circumstances and obtain a new importer. In essence, this is a
restructuring of Carlsberg's importation arrangement, although its ownership and
control of the Brands has never wavered. Case: 15-3769 Document: 30-2 Filed:
07/06/2016 Page: 7 Nos. 15-3710/3769 Tri County Wholesale Distributors, et al.
v. Labatt USA Operating Co., et al. Page 8 Ibid. Because Carlsberg controlled
the brands before and after the transaction, it was the sole "manufacturer."
Therefore, the transaction was not an acquisition by a "successor manufacturer"
covered by ] 1333.85(D). In Belvino L.L.C. v. Empson (USA) Inc., No. 97305, 2012
WL 2580758 (Ohio Ct. App. July 5, 2012), the Ohio Court of Appeals quoted St.
Killian for the proposition that ] 1333.85(D) applies only "when there is a
change in ownership and control of brands through an arms-length merger or
acquisition," id. at *7, and reached the same conclusion in a case with similar
facts: In the instant case, when Empson took over as il Molino's exclusive
importer in February 2010, Empson did not acquire any ownership rights in il
Molino. The record demonstrates that il Molino continues to maintain control
over its brands and can terminate its relationship with Empson at any time. il
Molino's reasoning for the change was that it was effectively reorganizing its
business structure. Because the wine remains under the ownership and control of
il Molino, Empson does not qualify as a "successor manufacturer" under R.C.
1333.85(D). . . . . Ibid.; cf. Esber Beverage Co. v. Heineken USA, Inc., No.
2011CA33, 2011 WL 5626592, at *2, *5 (Ohio Ct. App. Nov. 14, 2011) (upholding
trial court decision that ] 1333.85(D) did not apply because "the transfer of
import rights in the Brand . . . was merely a transfer from one Heineken
controlled entity, NFB, to another Heineken controlled entity, HUSA"). Following
in the footsteps of these earlier cases, the district court in this case applied
a control-based test. It concluded that because CCR exercised its newly acquired
control over the business decisions of Labatt USA Operating after acquiring NAB
Holdings from the KPS entities, it was a "successor manufacturer," and could
terminate the franchises under ] 1333.85(D). Such a functional approach is in
line with Ohio case law and provides a sensible reading of the statute, in
contrast to the distributors' hyperliteral approach, which excludes all
transactions at the parent-company level. The distributors' counsel suggested at
oral argument that this approach would undermine the statute's protectionist
purposes and result in an "accelerated and immediate consolidation of the
industry." As an initial matter, we see no reason to read ] 1333.85(D) as having
a protectionist purpose because that provision is clearly designed to provide
successor manufacturers with the flexibility to "assemble their own team of
distributors so long as the Case: 15-3769 Document: 30-2 Filed: 07/06/2016 Page:
8 Nos. 15-3710/3769 Tri County Wholesale Distributors, et al. v. Labatt USA
Operating Co., et al. Page 9 successor manufacturers provide timely notice and
compensate those distributors who are not being retained." Esber Beverage Co. v.
Labatt USA Operating Co., 3 N.E.3d 1173, 1174 (Ohio 2013). Furthermore, even
under the distributors' interpretation of the statute, CCR could still have
terminated the franchises if it had only structured the transaction differently.
Instead of acquiring NAB Holdings, CCR could simply have set up a new entity,
which would then take control of the brands directly from Labatt USA Operating.
As we have already discussed, this sort of transaction would clearly trigger ]
1333.85(D) under Esber, 2012 WL 983171, at *6. Therefore, the distributors'
interpretation of ] 1333.85(D) would do little to stop any consolidation that
allegedly might occur if successor manufacturers were allowed to terminate
franchise agreements. The distributors' policy-based arguments are unpersuasive.
We agree with the district court's interpretation of ] 1333.85(D) and hold that
the suppliers were entitled to terminate the franchise agreements. III The
distributors argue in the alternative that, if the suppliers are allowed to
terminate their franchises under ] 1333.85(D), such a termination would amount
to an unconstitutional governmental taking for private purposes under the
federal and Ohio constitutions. The district court rejected the distributors'
argument and granted the suppliers judgment on the pleadings, a decision that we
review de novo. Lavado, 992 F.2d at 605. Before diving into the doctrinal
thicket, it is worth pausing for a moment to consider the bigger picture. The
distributors are the beneficiaries of an anticompetitive statute that deprives
suppliers of their freedom to terminate contracts with distributors. Cf. Letter
from C. Steven Baker, Director, Chicago Regional Office, Federal Trade
Commission, to Illinois Senator Dan Cronin (Mar. 31, 1999) ("[A similar statute
in Illinois] would shield the business of liquor distribution from market
forces. . . . The likely result of such a static distribution system will be
increased consumer prices. . . . We are unaware of any evidence establishing the
need for this type of legislation."). Under ] 1333.85, suppliers may not "cancel
or fail to renew a franchise or substantially change a sales area or territory
without the prior consent of the other party for other Case: 15-3769 Document:
30-2 Filed: 07/06/2016 Page: 9 Nos. 15-3710/3769 Tri County Wholesale
Distributors, et al. v. Labatt USA Operating Co., et al. Page 10 than just
cause." Any provision of a franchise agreement that waives or fails to comply
with this requirement "is void and unenforceable." ] 1333.83. The provision
involved in this case, ] 1333.85(D), provides an exception to this
anticompetitive scheme when "a successor manufacturer acquires all or
substantially all of the stock or assets of another manufacturer through merger
or acquisition." In that case, the supplier may end the franchise by
repurchasing the distributor's inventory of the product or brand and
"compensat[ing] the distributor for the diminished value of the distributor's
business that is directly related to the sale of the product or brand terminated
or not renewed by the successor manufacturer." The distributors' argument, in
essence, is that the Takings Clauses of the federal and Ohio constitutions
require Ohio to grant them the anticompetitive benefits of ] 1333.85 without the
exception provided by ] 1333.85(D). While that is the essence of the
distributors' argument, they frame their case a little differently. The
distributors claim that their franchises are property that has been taken for a
solely private purpose in violation of the federal and Ohio constitutions. That
argument fails because, even if we assume that their franchises are property,
the Takings Clauses of the federal and Ohio constitutions deal with government
takings of property. See Armstrong v. United States, 364 U.S. 40, 49 (1960)
("The Fifth Amendment's guarantee that private property shall not be taken for a
public use without just compensation was designed to bar Government from forcing
some people alone to bear public burdens which, in all fairness and justice,
should be borne by the public as a whole."). In this case, the suppliers are
private actors who were not exercising the power of eminent domain under a
delegation of authority from the government. Cf. Nat'l R.R. Passenger Corp. v.
Two Parcels of Land, 822 F.2d 1261, 1265 (2d Cir. 1987) (discussing a statute
that allowed Amtrak to exercise the "delegated power of eminent domain"). The
distributors try to tie the suppliers' termination of the franchises to the
government by arguing that the termination was sanctioned by the state under ]
1333.85(D). That argument is incorrect. At common law, businesses have the
freedom to enter into a contract that allows for termination, and contracting
parties also have an inherent right to breach a contract that is no longer
advantageous, committing what economists call an efficient breach. That
common-law Case: 15-3769 Document: 30-2 Filed: 07/06/2016 Page: 10 Nos.
15-3710/3769 Tri County Wholesale Distributors, et al. v. Labatt USA Operating
Co., et al. Page 11 norm is abrogated by ] 1333.85, with an exception for
situations falling under ] 1333.85(D). To the extent that the distributors have
a right to protection from termination, it is a statutory right created by the
state, which the state is free to take away. Cf. Minneapolis Taxi Owners Coal.,
Inc. v. City of Minneapolis, 572 F.3d 502, 509 (8th Cir. 2009) (holding that
there is no property interest in taxi licenses because the benefits of
participating in a "highly regulated" market are subject to a "general
expectation of regulatory change"). The distributors' claims under the federal
and Ohio constitutions fail, and the district court correctly granted the
suppliers judgment on the pleadings. IV We now consider the proper method for
calculating the diminished value of a distributor's business under ] 1333.85(D).
Both parties argue that the district court erred in its calculation. We review
the district court's rulings on questions of law de novo and questions of fact
for clear error. See Max Trucking, LLC v. Liberty Mut. Ins. Corp., 802 F.3d 793,
803 (6th Cir. 2015). Mixed questions of law and fact are reviewed de novo.
Williams v. Mehra, 186 F.3d 685, 689 (6th Cir. 1999) (en banc). The parties
identify three issues pertaining to the district court's calculation of the
diminished value of the distributors' businesses: (1) whether the court's
calculation should have included the value of the distributors' assets that were
projected to be depleted during the time they attempted to acquire replacement
brands to distribute; (2) whether the district court miscalculated the discount
rate used to determine the value of the brands by averaging the capital
structures put forth by the two parties' experts; and (3) whether the district
court should have subtracted from the award the profits that the distributors
derived from continuing to distribute the brands after the date of valuation. A
The distributors argue that the district court miscalculated the diminished
value of their businesses because it failed to include the cash they were
projected to lose in net operating losses while attempting to acquire
replacement products. They claim to be entitled to those costs in addition to
the fair market value of the lost brands. The district court declined to award
these Case: 15-3769 Document: 30-2 Filed: 07/06/2016 Page: 11 Nos. 15-3710/3769
Tri County Wholesale Distributors, et al. v. Labatt USA Operating Co., et al.
Page 12 costs on the basis that they were already included in the court's
calculation of the lost brands' fair market value. The suppliers agree, arguing
that the distributors are essentially asking for a double recovery on a portion
of their lost profits. The distributors present no persuasive rebuttal to the
double-recovery argument. They first point to the testimony of witnesses
asserting that the depletion of their assets is a separate and independent loss
from the value of the lost brands. But witness testimony cannot resolve the
legal question of what constitutes "the diminished value of the distributor's
business that is directly related to the sale of the product or brand terminated
or not renewed by the successor manufacturer." Ohio Rev. Code ] 1333.85(D). The
distributors' second argument is that: [S]everal times throughout its decision,
the District Court unambiguously stated that the DCF valuation which formed the
basis for its diminished value award was not actually an award of Distributors'
projected profits on the NAB Brands. Rather the court used those projected
profits as a tool to calculate the value of NAB Brands as a distinct, intangible
asset. The problem with this argument is that the only reason the distributors
would be having net operating losses after losing the brands is that they are no
longer able to earn profits from them. But when the district court awarded the
distributors the value of the lost brands, they received a sum of money equal to
the discounted present-day value of the projected future profits from those
brands. The district court's award therefore compensates the distributors wholly
for the "diminished value" of their companies. Perhaps if the district court's
calculation of the value of the brands did not include lost profits, the
distributors would have a point. But here, the projected profits were included
in the district court's calculation. As the district court reasoned: [T]he
values of the terminated franchises are equal to an estimate of lost profits the
Distributors would have reaped from such contracts for some reasonable time into
the future. This number should, theoretically, fully compensate the Distributors
for the diminished value of their businesses, and put them in the place they
would have been, from a profit perspective, but for the termination of the
contracts. . . . It is for this reason that this Court declines to add onto the
value of the lost franchise contracts any depletion of assets . . . . Such
theoretical losses are better viewed as lost profits, for which Distributors
will be compensated fully through a DCF accounting of the Brands' values. Case:
15-3769 Document: 30-2 Filed: 07/06/2016 Page: 12 Nos. 15-3710/3769 Tri County
Wholesale Distributors, et al. v. Labatt USA Operating Co., et al. Page 13 The
district court was correct to deny the distributors additional money equal to
their projected net operating losses. B Both parties argue that the district
court used the wrong capital structure in calculating the discount rate used to
determine the diminished value of the distributors' businesses--that is to say,
the value of the lost brands. To calculate the value of the lost brands in this
case, the experts of both parties used discounted-cash-flow analysis. That
procedure measures the present-day value of an asset based on the income it is
expected to generate in the future, discounted to present-day value. Discounting
allows for the final valuation to take into account the time value of money
(money today is worth more than money tomorrow) and the uncertainty that exists
about whether the projected future cash flow will actually materialize. The
formula used by the district court to calculate the discount rate requires the
input of a capital structure. The parties dispute whether the appropriate
capital structure should be that of a typical buyer or that of the entire
industry over the long term. The distributors ask us to use the capital
structure of a typical buyer, which their expert Lamont Seckman testified was
35% equity and 65% debt. The suppliers ask us to use the long-term industry
capital structure, which their expert Samuel Kursh testified was 93.2% equity
and 6.8% debt. The district court below averaged the two experts' figures in
order to arrive at a capital structure of 64.1% equity and 35.9% debt. Upon
reviewing the parties' briefs, we conclude that their arguments raise issues of
fact, not law. This court reviews factual questions for clear error, and we must
affirm the district court's decision unless it leaves us with a "definite and
firm conviction that a mistake has been committed." Max Trucking, 802 F.3d at
808. The distributors raise two arguments for why the district court erred in
relying in part on Dr. Kursh's long-term industry capital structure. First, they
argue that Dr. Kursh "conceded that the usual valuation methodology does not
consider the capital structure of the seller." But that testimony from Dr. Kursh
must be read in context. The distributors' counsel asked Dr. Kursh whether it is
typical to consider the seller's capital structure in determining the discount
rate Case: 15-3769 Document: 30-2 Filed: 07/06/2016 Page: 13 Nos. 15-3710/3769
Tri County Wholesale Distributors, et al. v. Labatt USA Operating Co., et al.
Page 14 under "the classical definition of discount rate . . . [which is] the
rate necessary to attract . . . the buyer." Dr. Kursh acknowledged that, in
determining the rate necessary to attract a buyer, the seller's capital
structure was not relevant. However, Dr. Kursh also testified that he did not
use that approach to calculating the discount rate for a reason: "In the
diminished value scenario, because you're valuing the brands . . . in the place
that they reside, you would look at the seller." Thus, contrary to the
distributors' characterization, Dr. Kursh did not testify that his own
methodology was unsuitable for the task at hand. Rather, he acknowledged that
the distributors' counsel accurately described a different methodology, but
disputed whether that methodology was applicable to this case. Second, the
distributors argue that Dr. Kursh "conceded that there is actually no reported
'industry average' capital structure, and that he calculated his figures using
many assumptions for which there is no evidence in the record, and applying a
methodology that has never been published or peer-reviewed." Dr. Kursh did
acknowledge that his calculation of the long-term industry capital structure
required him to "interpre[t] the data" and "make some assumptions." But as the
district court noted, "[n]either expert presented the Court with foundational
data or evidence showing how they arrived at their respective capital
structures," and "both witnesses are qualified to produce estimations of the
average capital structure used in the beer distribution industry." The few
excerpts from Dr. Kursh's testimony cited by the distributors are hardly
sufficient for us to conclude that the court committed clear error when it
relied on Dr. Kursh's long-term industry capital structure. The suppliers argue
in their cross-appeal that the district court erred equally in relying in part
on the capital structure put forth by Seckman. Their primary criticism of
Seckman's capital structure is that it focuses on the typical buyer's capital
structure, when "the method of financing a purchase is irrelevant to the value
of the asset being purchased." The suppliers provide no citation to the record
to support this assertion. Furthermore, the suppliers seem to contradict this
argument in their reply brief: Appellants incorrectly state that Dr. Kursh's
long term industry capital structure was based on the seller's capital
structure. . . . The district court chose to use . . . the long term industry
average [which was] based on NWBA data for all market participants - it was not
limited to either buyers or sellers. Dr. Kursh's testimony, Case: 15-3769
Document: 30-2 Filed: 07/06/2016 Page: 14 Nos. 15-3710/3769 Tri County Wholesale
Distributors, et al. v. Labatt USA Operating Co., et al. Page 15 therefore, was
the only reliable evidence on which the District Court could rely to calculate
the WACC. By arguing in their reply brief in favor of considering both buyers'
and sellers' capital structures, the suppliers undercut their initial argument
against considering the typical buyer's capital structures. To avoid this
problem, the suppliers try to shift their argument in their reply brief by
emphasizing that the district court contradicted itself when it relied on
Seckman's buyer-focused capital structure while simultaneously finding that "the
appropriate discount rate is one that uses the average industry capital
structure." We decline to consider this argument because the "general rule is
that appellants cannot raise a new issue for the first time in their reply
briefs." Bendix Autolite Corp. v. Midwesco Enters., Inc., 820 F.2d 186 (6th Cir.
1987) (quoting Thompson v. C.I.R., 631 F.2d 642, 649 (9th Cir. 1980)). The
parties' factual arguments essentially relitigate the "battle of the experts"
that occurred at the trial court. After reviewing their arguments and the
record, we are not left with a definite and firm conviction that a mistake has
been committed. We affirm the district court's calculation of the discount rate.
C The suppliers argue in their cross-appeal that the district court should have
subtracted post-valuation-date profits from its calculation of the diminished
value of the distributors' businesses. While this litigation was pending in the
district court, the suppliers were not allowed to transfer the brands in
question to new distributors. Furthermore, after the court held the terminations
valid and calculated the value of the brands, it granted the distributors'
motion for a stay pending appeal, which again prevented the transfer of the
brands. The distributors have therefore been allowed to reap profits from the
brands throughout the course of this litigation. The suppliers claim that these
profits should be deducted from the court's calculation of the diminished value
of the distributors' businesses, because that calculation already includes
projected future profits. They argue that allowing the distributors to keep the
profits they earned would result in the distributors receiving a windfall. Case:
15-3769 Document: 30-2 Filed: 07/06/2016 Page: 15 Nos. 15-3710/3769 Tri County
Wholesale Distributors, et al. v. Labatt USA Operating Co., et al. Page 16 As an
initial matter, we address two arguments by the distributors that we find to be
unpersuasive. First, the distributors argue that the suppliers' position is at
odds with their prior argument at the preliminary-injunction stage, during which
they argued that a preliminary injunction was unnecessary because: [T]he
termination cannot effectively take place until [the suppliers] have compensated
the Distributors for the diminished value of their businesses caused by the
termination. . . . [A]bsent further order of this Court, the Distributors will
be able to continue distributing Labatt Brands and Genesee Brands without
interruption. In short, the Distributors face no harm that is either actual or
imminent. This passage does show that the suppliers previously said that the
distributors could continue to distribute the brands while the litigation was
pending. But that position is not inconsistent with the suppliers' claim in this
case. The suppliers were simply stating the distributors could continue to
distribute the brands until the court ruled on whether the termination was
valid, and if the distributors happened to win the case, they could keep the
profits. The above-quoted passage says nothing about whether the distributors
would get to keep the profits if they lost the case. The distributors also argue
that the suppliers forfeited their argument about postvaluation-date profits
because they did not appeal the district court's ruling on their motion for an
order allowing them to transfer the brands to a new distributor under ]
1333.851. The district court denied that motion because the procedures set forth
in ] 1333.851 are only available when it is clear that ] 1333.85(D) applies, and
in this case, the key question is whether ] 1333.85(D) applies. The distributors
claim that the suppliers' failure to appeal this decision by the district court
constitutes a forfeiture of their argument for deducting post-valuation-date
profits. That argument fails for the simple reason that this appeal concerns the
proper method for calculating the "diminished value" of the distributors'
businesses under ] 1333.85(D), which has nothing to do with the procedures set
forth in ] 1333.851. Having dispensed with these two arguments, we now turn to
the district court's analysis. The district court gave several reasons for why
it rejected the suppliers' argument for deducting post-valuation-date profits.
First, the court noted that nothing in the statute specifically calls for a
deduction of post-valuation-date profits. But it is unsurprising that no such
provision exists, Case: 15-3769 Document: 30-2 Filed: 07/06/2016 Page: 16 Nos.
15-3710/3769 Tri County Wholesale Distributors, et al. v. Labatt USA Operating
Co., et al. Page 17 because if a supplier successfully uses the statute to
terminate a franchise agreement, the distributor would obviously be unable to
earn additional profits after the termination. The absence of such an express
provision does not definitively answer the question raised by the suppliers,
which is whether refusing to deduct post-valuation-date profits is consistent
with the court's obligation to calculate the "diminished value" of the
distributors' businesses under ] 1333.85(D). The suppliers argue that when the
termination is delayed beyond the rightful date of termination, which in this
case corresponds with the valuation date, profits earned during that delay
cannot be a part of the "diminished" value of the distributors' businesses. The
court's second reason for rejecting the suppliers' argument was that "[a]lthough
the DCF method [of calculating the franchises' present-day value] is based
conceptually on future cash flows, it is not, in actuality, merely a
representation of future cash flows, but is, instead, an estimate of the total
value of the intangible asset." This position is at odds with the district
court's earlier holding regarding the distributors' net-operating-loss argument,
which was premised on the fact that the experts' calculations of the franchises'
present-day value already included projected future profits. If that is so, then
awarding the distributors the present-day value of the franchises in addition to
letting them keep post-valuation-date profits would give them a windfall. The
distributors would be profiting from the brands for several years beyond the
date on which the franchise agreements should have been terminated, and such
profits are already included in the experts' calculations of the "diminished
value" of the distributors' businesses. To be more specific, the suppliers
attempted to terminate the franchise agreements on March 7, 2013. As of the date
of this decision, it has been over three years since the suppliers should have
been able to terminate the agreements. The special masters' calculations show
that the first three years of projected profits after discounting make up
$976,834 of the $2,757,459 awarded to Tri County and $106,891 of the $302,720
awarded to Iron City--roughly 35% of the total awards. If we did not account for
the profits earned by the distributors during the pendency of this litigation,
the distributors would receive a major windfall through this litigation that
delayed the suppliers' lawful exercise of their termination rights. Case:
15-3769 Document: 30-2 Filed: 07/06/2016 Page: 17 Nos. 15-3710/3769 Tri County
Wholesale Distributors, et al. v. Labatt USA Operating Co., et al. Page 18 The
court's third reason for rejecting the suppliers' position was that the
suppliers themselves made a profit from their transactions with the
distributors. The court reasoned: "By Defendants' argument, if Plaintiffs are to
disgorge their profits, so should Defendants for the same period. What is more
apparent is that both parties have benefitted financially from the status quo
and such post-termination benefits should not enter into this Court's calculus."
However, the suppliers' profits are not relevant to the inquiry prescribed by
the statute, ] 1333.85(D), which states that the supplier must "compensate the
distributor for the diminished value of the distributor's business." The
statute's language focuses on the distributors' losses and says nothing about
the suppliers' profits. Therefore, granting the distributors an award that
reflects lost future profits from the terminated franchises while also allowing
them to earn profits from those franchises for several years gives them more
than they are entitled to under the statute. Furthermore, it is not entirely
fair to say that the suppliers benefited from the status quo. There is no
evidence that the suppliers' profits from the brands distributed by the
plaintiffs were meaningfully superior to the profits that they would have earned
from their desired distributors. While they may have made some profits from
their transactions with the distributors, they were harmed, perhaps even more,
by their inability to negotiate new franchise agreements with new distributors
that may have been more profitable. The court's final reason for rejecting the
suppliers' argument for post-valuation-date profits was that it "sensed
hypocrisy" in the suppliers' argument, because: On the one hand, they stand
firmly by the principle that this Court must assess the value of the NAB Brands
as of the date of termination. As such, this Court is prohibited from
considering post-termination conditions or events. On the other hand, by their
demand to deduct post-termination benefits, Defendants ask this Court to look to
post-termination events. Further, rather than estimating post-termination
profits based on the conditions of the businesses as of March 2013--which is the
date from which Defendants determine diminished value--Defendants ask this Court
to deduct actual profits from March 13 through January 2015. This inconsistency,
too, goes against deducting post-termination benefits. This analysis would be
fair if the suppliers had actually terminated the franchise agreements on March
7, 2013, and been allowed to negotiate new agreements while this litigation was
pending. But given that the distributors have been allowed to retain the brands
for over three years beyond Case: 15-3769 Document: 30-2 Filed: 07/06/2016 Page:
18 Nos. 15-3710/3769 Tri County Wholesale Distributors, et al. v. Labatt USA
Operating Co., et al. Page 19 the termination date, letting them keep the
profits derived from those brands while also awarding them a sum of money that
includes projected profits for that time period would give them more than the "
diminished value" of their businesses. The district court raised an important
point in criticizing the suppliers' proposed deduction of actual profits rather
than projected profits. The projected profits used in calculating the diminished
value of the distributors' businesses were discounted substantially in order to
arrive at their value in 2013. Subtracting the actual profits earned by the
distributors in 2014, 2015, and 2016 without discounting them would be unfair to
the distributors. We agree with the district court that it would be improper to
deduct actual profits. Therefore, we instead hold that the profits that the
distributors were projected to earn during the period of time leading up to the
final resolution of this litigation--that is to say, the date when the franchise
agreements are actually terminated--must be deducted from their award. V We
REVERSE the district court's calculation of the diminished value of the
distributors' businesses and REMAND with instructions to deduct the profits
projected to be earned by the distributors during the period of time leading up
to the date when the franchise agreements are finally terminated. We AFFIRM the
remainder of the district court's decision. Case: 15-3769 Document: 30-2 Filed:
07/06/2016 Page: 19



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              220 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Telegraph (Australia)

                            August 30, 2011 Tuesday
                           2 - State Drop-in Edition

US relieved to see back of storm front Hurricane Irene

BYLINE: Sebastian Smith in New York

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 357  words


HURRICANE Irene stormed across a shuttered New York City and charged into the
northern New England region yesterday as it weakened to a tropical storm.

It left behind a stunned US east coast -- at least 21 people died, flooding was
widespread and four million homes and businesses lost power.

As waves continued to pound the shores east and north of America's biggest city,
New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg lifted the evacuation order for 370,000
people in low-lying areas.

Irene sent seawater surging into lower Manhattan's streets, but the city
appeared to have escaped the worst fears of urban disaster.

Officials said New York would restart its subways and the New York Stock
Exchange was ready to open for trading. The city's airports, which had been
forced to cancel more than 9000 flights, also reopened.

New England residents were last night feeling the brunt of the diminished but
still dangerous storm, which caused flooding and toppled many towering trees
anchored in soil already saturated by earlier heavy rains. Cities in the region
have begun surveying the damage, which estimates say is up to $US7 billion
($6.63 billion).

The storm last night reached Canada, and was pushing into the Maritime provinces
and eastern Quebec.

Canadian Hurricane Centre director Chris Fogarty warned that Irene still would
have the potential to cause widespread flooding and huge wind damage.

The heaviest rainfall was expected in Quebec while high winds and pounding surf
were a concern in Nova Scotia and New Brunswick.

Forecasters said Irene, while diminished, was still massive and powerful, with
winds extending hundreds of kilometres from the centre.

Before Irene hit New York City, its winds weakened to 104km/h after its long
journey up the east coast, where it dropped 30cm of rain on North Carolina and
Virginia.

President Barack Obama said that the public was

still at risk of suffering flooding and power outages and urged vigilance:
``This is not over,'' he said.

Irene was the first hurricane to make landfall in the continental US since 2008,
and came almost six years to the day after Hurricane Katrina ravaged New Orleans
on August 29, 2005.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTM


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              221 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 12, 2016 Tuesday

United States Courts Opinions: United States District Court Eastern District of
Sixth Circuit: TRI COUNTY WHOLESALE DISTRIBUTORS, INC.; THE BELLAS COMPANY,
Plaintiffs-Appellants/Cross-Appellees, v. LABATT USA OPERATING CO., LLC;
CERVECERIA COSTA RICA, S.A., NORTH AMERICAN BREWERIES HOLDINGS, LLC,
Defendants-Appellees/Cross-Appellants.

LENGTH: 7889 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States District Court Eastern District of Sixth Circuit has
issued the following order:



  1 RECOMMENDED FOR FULL-TEXT PUBLICATION Pursuant to Sixth Circuit I.O.P.
32.1(b) File Name: 16a0154p.06 UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE SIXTH
CIRCUIT _________________ TRI COUNTY WHOLESALE DISTRIBUTORS, INC.; THE BELLAS
COMPANY, Plaintiffs-Appellants/Cross-Appellees, v. LABATT USA OPERATING CO.,
LLC; CERVECERIA COSTA RICA, S.A., NORTH AMERICAN BREWERIES HOLDINGS, LLC,
Defendants-Appellees/Cross-Appellants. &#226;&#148;&#144; &#226;&#148;&#130;
&#226;&#148;&#130; &#226;&#148;&#130; &#226;&#148;&#130; &#226;&#148;&#130;
&#226;&#148;&#130; &#226;&#148;&#130; &#226;&#148;&#130; &#226;&#148;&#130;
&#226;&#148;&#130; &#226;&#148;[#xfffd] Nos. 15-3710/3769 Appeal from the United
States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio at Columbus.

No. 2:13-cv-00317--Algenon L. Marbley, District Judge. Argued: March 17, 2016
Decided and Filed: July 6, 2016 Before: BOGGS, SILER, and BATCHELDER, Circuit
Judges. _________________ COUNSEL ARGUED: David W. Alexander, SQUIRE PATTON
BOGGS (US) LLP, Columbus, Ohio, for Appellants/Cross-Appellees. James B.
Niehaus, FRANTZ WARD LLP, Cleveland, Ohio, for Appellees/Cross-Appellants. ON
BRIEF: David W. Alexander, Larry J. Obhof Jr., Christopher F. Haas, SQUIRE
PATTON BOGGS (US) LLP, Columbus, Ohio, for Appellants/CrossAppellees. James B.
Niehaus, Christopher C. Koehler, FRANTZ WARD LLP, Cleveland, Ohio, for
Appellees/Cross-Appellants. > Case: 15-3710 Document: 41-2 Filed: 07/06/2016
Page: 1 Nos. 15-3710/3769 Tri County Wholesale Distributors, et al. v. Labatt
USA Operating Co., et al. Page 2 _________________ OPINION _________________
BOGGS, Circuit Judge. After Prohibition ended in 1933 when the Twenty-First
Amendment was ratified, most states adopted a system for distributing alcoholic
beverages that consists of three tiers: suppliers, distributors, and retailers.
Suppliers manufacture or import alcoholic beverages, and they must sell their
products to state-licensed distributors. Those distributors then sell the
products to retailers, who sell them to consumers. While many economists are
skeptical about the public benefits of this regulatory scheme, Ohio continues to
operate under a three-tier system. One feature of Ohio's three-tier system is
that when a supplier and a distributor enter into a franchise agreement, the
agreement is protected from termination without just cause. Ohio Rev. Code ]
1333.85. That protection, however, is subject to an exception for when "a
successor manufacturer acquires all or substantially all of the stock or assets
of another manufacturer through merger or acquisition." Id. ] 1333.85(D). If
such an acquisition occurs, the successor manufacturer may terminate the
franchise if it repurchases the distributor's inventory of the products and
"compensate[s] the distributor for the diminished value of the distributor's
business that is directly related to the sale of the product or brand terminated
or not renewed by the successor manufacturer." Ibid. In this case, we consider
the scope of transactions covered by ] 1333.85(D) and the proper method for
calculating the diminished value of a distributor's business. We also consider
whether the Takings Clauses of the federal and Ohio constitutions protect
distributors' franchises from termination under ] 1333.85(D). I The plaintiffs
in this case--Tri County Wholesale Distributors and Iron City Distributing ("the
distributors")--are distributors of alcohol in Ohio that entered into franchise
agreements with a supplier--Labatt USA Operating Co., LLC ("Labatt USA
Operating"). The franchise agreements allowed the distributors to sell several
prominent brands of beer in their respective territories: Labatt, Genesee,
Dundee, Honey Brown Lager, and Seagram's Escapes. Case: 15-3710 Document: 41-2
Filed: 07/06/2016 Page: 2 Nos. 15-3710/3769 Tri County Wholesale Distributors,
et al. v. Labatt USA Operating Co., et al. Page 3 Labatt USA Operating is 100%
owned and controlled by North American Breweries Holdings, LLC ("NAB Holdings")
through a series of five intermediate nested holding companies: North American
Breweries Holdings, LLC | 100% Ownership North American Breweries Intermediate
Holdings, LLC | 100% Ownership North American Breweries, Inc. | 100% Ownership
NAB Holdco, LLC | 100% Ownership North American Breweries Operating Holdco, LLC
| 100% Ownership Labatt USA Operating Holdings, LLC | 100% Ownership Labatt USA
Operating Co., LLC Before December 11, 2012, the membership interests in NAB
Holdings were owned by several investors ("KPS entities"). On December 11, the
KPS entities sold their interests in NAB Holdings through a complex transaction
that resulted in CCR American Breweries, Inc. ("CCR") owning 100% of NAB
Holdings. About three months later, on March 7, 2013, Tri County received a
letter from CCR purporting to terminate Tri County's right to distribute the
brands supplied by Labatt USA Operating. On March 11, 2013, Iron City received a
similar letter. The letters claimed that CCR was entitled to terminate the
franchise agreements because CCR's acquisition of NAB Holdings qualified under
Ohio Revised Code ] 1333.85(D) as a transaction in which "a successor
manufacturer acquire[d] all or substantially all of the stock or assets of
another manufacturer through merger or acquisition." Case: 15-3710 Document:
41-2 Filed: 07/06/2016 Page: 3 Nos. 15-3710/3769 Tri County Wholesale
Distributors, et al. v. Labatt USA Operating Co., et al. Page 4 The distributors
responded by suing Cerveceria Costa Rica, S.A. (the owner of CCR), Labatt USA
Operating, and NAB Holdings ("the suppliers") for: (1) a declaratory judgment
stating that the franchises cannot be terminated under ] 1333.85(D) and an award
of any damages resulting from the suppliers' attempted termination of the
franchises; (2) in the alternative, a declaratory judgment stating that the
suppliers may not terminate the franchises under ] 1333.85(D) because doing so
would violate the Takings Clauses of the federal and Ohio constitutions; or (3)
in the alternative, if the suppliers may terminate the franchises under ]
1333.85(D), the diminished value of the distributors' businesses. The district
court granted the suppliers judgment on the pleadings on the Takings Clause
claim and summary judgment on the claim regarding the scope of ] 1333.85(D). The
court then held a bench trial to determine the diminished value of the
distributors' businesses, the details of which will be discussed below. The
court determined that the diminution of the values of Tri County and Iron City
was $2,756,459 and $302,720, respectively. The distributors now appeal the
district court's rulings, raising four issues: (1) whether the suppliers were
entitled to terminate the franchises under ] 1333.85(D); (2) whether the
terminations, if allowed under ] 1333.85(D), violate the Takings Clauses of the
federal and Ohio constitutions; (3) whether the district court should have
included in the distributors' awards the net operating losses they were expected
to incur after the termination of the franchises; and (4) whether the district
court should have relied solely on the distributors' expert's proposed capital
structure in calculating the diminished value of the distributors' businesses.
The suppliers raise two additional issues in their cross-appeal: (1) whether the
district court should have deducted profits earned by the distributors after the
valuation date of the brands from the court's calculation of the diminished
value of the distributors' businesses; and (2) whether the district court should
have relied solely on the suppliers' expert's proposed capital structure in
calculating the diminished value of the distributors' businesses. II The first
issue is whether the suppliers were entitled to terminate their franchise
agreements with the distributors under ] 1333.85(D), a question of law that we
review de novo. Case: 15-3710 Document: 41-2 Filed: 07/06/2016 Page: 4 Nos.
15-3710/3769 Tri County Wholesale Distributors, et al. v. Labatt USA Operating
Co., et al. Page 5 Lavado v. Keohane, 992 F.2d 601, 605 (6th Cir. 1993). Under
Ohio Revised Code ] 1333.85, suppliers cannot terminate franchise agreements
without just cause, but ] 1333.85(D) provides an exception for when "a successor
manufacturer acquires all or substantially all of the stock or assets of another
manufacturer through merger or acquisition or acquires or is the assignee of a
particular product or brand of alcoholic beverage from another manufacturer."
The question here is whether ] 1333.85(D) covers CCR's acquisition of NAB
Holdings from the KPS entities. The distributors argue that the suppliers are
not entitled to terminate the franchise agreements because the statute requires
"a successor manufacturer" to acquire the stock or assets of "another
manufacturer." According to the distributors, when a supplier is owned by a
parent company, which itself may be owned by several layers of parent companies,
transfers of ownership at the upper levels do not trigger ] 1333.85(D), because
the upper-level companies are not "manufacturers." The distributors claim that
only a company directly registered with Ohio's Division of Liquor Control can be
a "manufacturer." Thus, the distributors contend that neither NAB Holdings nor
CCR is a manufacturer; only Labatt USA Operating is a manufacturer. The district
court rejected the distributors' argument because a strict reading of the word
"manufacturer" as excluding parent companies would lead to a conclusion "that is
illogical and could not have been the intent of the drafters," quoting Esber
Beverage Co. v. Labatt USA Operating Co., Nos. 2011CA00113, 2011CA00116, 2012 WL
983171, at *6 (Ohio Ct. App. Mar. 12, 2012), aff'd, 3 N.E.3d 1173 (Ohio 2013).
In that case, the Ohio Court of Appeals considered Labatt USA Operating's
acquisition of the Labatt brands from InBev, and its subsequent attempt to
terminate a franchise agreement that gave Esber the right to distribute the
brands in ten Ohio counties. Id. at *1-2. Esber argued that "because Labatt USA
Operating Co. was created for the purpose of supplying the Labatt brands and it
was not supplying anything to anyone until it acquired the Labatt brands . . .
Labatt USA Operating Co. was not a 'successor manufacturer' at the time it
acquired the Labatt brands." Id. at *6. The court disagreed with Esber's reading
of ] 1333.85(D), writing: While we acknowledge that a strict reading of the
statutory language leads to the position argued by appellee [Esber], we find
such a strict reading of the definition of "manufacturer" also leads to a
conclusion that is illogical and could not have been the intent of the drafters.
We do not find that the statutes intended to treat a Case: 15-3710 Document:
41-2 Filed: 07/06/2016 Page: 5 Nos. 15-3710/3769 Tri County Wholesale
Distributors, et al. v. Labatt USA Operating Co., et al. Page 6 business's right
to terminate a franchise differently based on whether the business was created
for the purpose of supplying a brand of alcohol to distributors or whether the
business which acquired the brand was an existing supplier. In either situation,
the entity [acquiring the brands] would be faced with making business decisions
on how to operate most efficiently. . . . . . . . [I]n the instant case, it is
clear that there was a transfer of ownership and control of the Labatt brands
from InBev to Labatt USA Operating Co., effective March 13, 2009. There is no
evidence that InBev and Labatt USA Operating Co. are under common control. . . .
[T]he evidence is undisputed that there was in fact a complete sale of all
assets related to the Labatt brands. The trial court therefore erred in finding
that Labatt USA Operating was not a successor manufacturer within the meaning of
R.C. 1333.85(D). Id. at *6-7. Thus, even though Labatt USA Operating in that
case did not sell any alcohol at the time it acquired the brands, it was a
"successor manufacturer" because it received complete ownership and control of
the brands from InBev. Esber rejected a strict reading of "manufacturer" that is
similar to the one proposed by the distributors in this case. Hence, the
district court rejected the distributors' argument: [T]he Esber Court determined
that the dispositive inquiry in determining whether an entity was a
"manufacturer" within the meaning of "successor manufacturer" was whether it was
in the business of manufacturing or supplying alcoholic products or brands, and
thus would be faced with making business decisions regarding how to operate most
efficiently in the sale of products or brands. . . . [T]estimony confirms that
in addition CCR's complete acquisition of Labatt USA Operating, it also is
tasked with making ultimate business decisions concerning the operations of
Labatt USA Operating. Thus, it is a "manufacturer" within the meaning of the
term "successor manufacturer." We agree with the district court's application of
Esber. Such a functional, control-based approach has been used consistently by
courts in significant cases involving the applicability of ] 1333.85(D). In
Superior Beverage Co. v. Schieffelin & Co., M&ouml;et-Hennessy's wholly owned
subsidiary, Schieffelin Partner, was a 50% partner in S & S, which had the
distributorship rights to the M&ouml;et-Hennessy brands. Nos. 1:05 CV 0834, 4:05
CV 0868, 2007 WL 2756912, at *1-2 (N.D. Ohio Sept. 20, 2007). S & S then
transferred those distributorship rights to Schieffelin & Co., which was 100%
owned by M&ouml;et-Hennessy. Id. at *3-4. In effect, M&ouml;et-Hennessy went
Case: 15-3710 Document: 41-2 Filed: 07/06/2016 Page: 6 Nos. 15-3710/3769 Tri
County Wholesale Distributors, et al. v. Labatt USA Operating Co., et al. Page 7
from having 50% control over business decisions relating to the brands to having
100% control. Because there was "another separately owned player" that
controlled S & S before the transfer of the brands, id. at *10, the transaction
was not one in which an "intra-corporate restructuring took place entirely
within the same corporate family," and the court held that Schieffelin & Co. was
"a successor manufacturer under the Act as a matter of law," id. at *11.
Schieffelin is not identical to this case, as Schieffelin did not involve a
transfer of ownership at the parent-company level. Unlike CCR, Schieffelin & Co.
itself "obtained a license from the State of Ohio to distribute the brands" that
it acquired from S & S. Ibid. But Schieffelin did hold that the applicability of
] 1333.85(D) turns on whether there has been a change in control of the business
decisions regarding the brands. In Schieffelin, a change from 50% ownership to
100% ownership was enough to trigger ] 1333.85(D). Here, there was a 100% change
in ownership, with a complete change in control of the business decisions
relating to the brands. This is not a situation in which the right hand sells to
the left hand. Under a functional, control-based analysis, ] 1333.85(D) applies.
There have also been state and federal cases using a control-based inquiry to
conclude that ] 1333.85(D) did not apply. In Hill Distributing Co. v. St.
Killian Importing Co., No. 2:11- CV-706, 2011 WL 3957255 (S.D. Ohio Sept. 7,
2011), a Danish company, Carlsberg, allowed Beverage Alliance to import its beer
brands into the United States. Id. at *1. St. Killian subsequently acquired the
importation rights from Beverage Alliance, id., while Carlsberg continued to own
and market the brands, id. at *3. In deciding whether St. Killian could
terminate Carlsberg's franchise agreement with the plaintiff, Hill Distributing,
the district court applied a functional, control-based test: Effectively, what
has occurred is a restructuring of Carlsberg's business. It maintains control of
its Brands, but those brands now have a different importer into the United
States. Carlsberg continues to brew the beers, own the intellectual property,
and approve the marketing campaigns. Additionally, it may terminate St. Killian
under various circumstances and obtain a new importer. In essence, this is a
restructuring of Carlsberg's importation arrangement, although its ownership and
control of the Brands has never wavered. Case: 15-3710 Document: 41-2 Filed:
07/06/2016 Page: 7 Nos. 15-3710/3769 Tri County Wholesale Distributors, et al.
v. Labatt USA Operating Co., et al. Page 8 Ibid. Because Carlsberg controlled
the brands before and after the transaction, it was the sole "manufacturer."
Therefore, the transaction was not an acquisition by a "successor manufacturer"
covered by ] 1333.85(D). In Belvino L.L.C. v. Empson (USA) Inc., No. 97305, 2012
WL 2580758 (Ohio Ct. App. July 5, 2012), the Ohio Court of Appeals quoted St.
Killian for the proposition that ] 1333.85(D) applies only "when there is a
change in ownership and control of brands through an arms-length merger or
acquisition," id. at *7, and reached the same conclusion in a case with similar
facts: In the instant case, when Empson took over as il Molino's exclusive
importer in February 2010, Empson did not acquire any ownership rights in il
Molino. The record demonstrates that il Molino continues to maintain control
over its brands and can terminate its relationship with Empson at any time. il
Molino's reasoning for the change was that it was effectively reorganizing its
business structure. Because the wine remains under the ownership and control of
il Molino, Empson does not qualify as a "successor manufacturer" under R.C.
1333.85(D). . . . . Ibid.; cf. Esber Beverage Co. v. Heineken USA, Inc., No.
2011CA33, 2011 WL 5626592, at *2, *5 (Ohio Ct. App. Nov. 14, 2011) (upholding
trial court decision that ] 1333.85(D) did not apply because "the transfer of
import rights in the Brand . . . was merely a transfer from one Heineken
controlled entity, NFB, to another Heineken controlled entity, HUSA"). Following
in the footsteps of these earlier cases, the district court in this case applied
a control-based test. It concluded that because CCR exercised its newly acquired
control over the business decisions of Labatt USA Operating after acquiring NAB
Holdings from the KPS entities, it was a "successor manufacturer," and could
terminate the franchises under ] 1333.85(D). Such a functional approach is in
line with Ohio case law and provides a sensible reading of the statute, in
contrast to the distributors' hyperliteral approach, which excludes all
transactions at the parent-company level. The distributors' counsel suggested at
oral argument that this approach would undermine the statute's protectionist
purposes and result in an "accelerated and immediate consolidation of the
industry." As an initial matter, we see no reason to read ] 1333.85(D) as having
a protectionist purpose because that provision is clearly designed to provide
successor manufacturers with the flexibility to "assemble their own team of
distributors so long as the Case: 15-3710 Document: 41-2 Filed: 07/06/2016 Page:
8 Nos. 15-3710/3769 Tri County Wholesale Distributors, et al. v. Labatt USA
Operating Co., et al. Page 9 successor manufacturers provide timely notice and
compensate those distributors who are not being retained." Esber Beverage Co. v.
Labatt USA Operating Co., 3 N.E.3d 1173, 1174 (Ohio 2013). Furthermore, even
under the distributors' interpretation of the statute, CCR could still have
terminated the franchises if it had only structured the transaction differently.
Instead of acquiring NAB Holdings, CCR could simply have set up a new entity,
which would then take control of the brands directly from Labatt USA Operating.
As we have already discussed, this sort of transaction would clearly trigger ]
1333.85(D) under Esber, 2012 WL 983171, at *6. Therefore, the distributors'
interpretation of ] 1333.85(D) would do little to stop any consolidation that
allegedly might occur if successor manufacturers were allowed to terminate
franchise agreements. The distributors' policy-based arguments are unpersuasive.
We agree with the district court's interpretation of ] 1333.85(D) and hold that
the suppliers were entitled to terminate the franchise agreements. III The
distributors argue in the alternative that, if the suppliers are allowed to
terminate their franchises under ] 1333.85(D), such a termination would amount
to an unconstitutional governmental taking for private purposes under the
federal and Ohio constitutions. The district court rejected the distributors'
argument and granted the suppliers judgment on the pleadings, a decision that we
review de novo. Lavado, 992 F.2d at 605. Before diving into the doctrinal
thicket, it is worth pausing for a moment to consider the bigger picture. The
distributors are the beneficiaries of an anticompetitive statute that deprives
suppliers of their freedom to terminate contracts with distributors. Cf. Letter
from C. Steven Baker, Director, Chicago Regional Office, Federal Trade
Commission, to Illinois Senator Dan Cronin (Mar. 31, 1999) ("[A similar statute
in Illinois] would shield the business of liquor distribution from market
forces. . . . The likely result of such a static distribution system will be
increased consumer prices. . . . We are unaware of any evidence establishing the
need for this type of legislation."). Under ] 1333.85, suppliers may not "cancel
or fail to renew a franchise or substantially change a sales area or territory
without the prior consent of the other party for other Case: 15-3710 Document:
41-2 Filed: 07/06/2016 Page: 9 Nos. 15-3710/3769 Tri County Wholesale
Distributors, et al. v. Labatt USA Operating Co., et al. Page 10 than just
cause." Any provision of a franchise agreement that waives or fails to comply
with this requirement "is void and unenforceable." ] 1333.83. The provision
involved in this case, ] 1333.85(D), provides an exception to this
anticompetitive scheme when "a successor manufacturer acquires all or
substantially all of the stock or assets of another manufacturer through merger
or acquisition." In that case, the supplier may end the franchise by
repurchasing the distributor's inventory of the product or brand and
"compensat[ing] the distributor for the diminished value of the distributor's
business that is directly related to the sale of the product or brand terminated
or not renewed by the successor manufacturer." The distributors' argument, in
essence, is that the Takings Clauses of the federal and Ohio constitutions
require Ohio to grant them the anticompetitive benefits of ] 1333.85 without the
exception provided by ] 1333.85(D). While that is the essence of the
distributors' argument, they frame their case a little differently. The
distributors claim that their franchises are property that has been taken for a
solely private purpose in violation of the federal and Ohio constitutions. That
argument fails because, even if we assume that their franchises are property,
the Takings Clauses of the federal and Ohio constitutions deal with government
takings of property. See Armstrong v. United States, 364 U.S. 40, 49 (1960)
("The Fifth Amendment's guarantee that private property shall not be taken for a
public use without just compensation was designed to bar Government from forcing
some people alone to bear public burdens which, in all fairness and justice,
should be borne by the public as a whole."). In this case, the suppliers are
private actors who were not exercising the power of eminent domain under a
delegation of authority from the government. Cf. Nat'l R.R. Passenger Corp. v.
Two Parcels of Land, 822 F.2d 1261, 1265 (2d Cir. 1987) (discussing a statute
that allowed Amtrak to exercise the "delegated power of eminent domain"). The
distributors try to tie the suppliers' termination of the franchises to the
government by arguing that the termination was sanctioned by the state under ]
1333.85(D). That argument is incorrect. At common law, businesses have the
freedom to enter into a contract that allows for termination, and contracting
parties also have an inherent right to breach a contract that is no longer
advantageous, committing what economists call an efficient breach. That
common-law Case: 15-3710 Document: 41-2 Filed: 07/06/2016 Page: 10 Nos.
15-3710/3769 Tri County Wholesale Distributors, et al. v. Labatt USA Operating
Co., et al. Page 11 norm is abrogated by ] 1333.85, with an exception for
situations falling under ] 1333.85(D). To the extent that the distributors have
a right to protection from termination, it is a statutory right created by the
state, which the state is free to take away. Cf. Minneapolis Taxi Owners Coal.,
Inc. v. City of Minneapolis, 572 F.3d 502, 509 (8th Cir. 2009) (holding that
there is no property interest in taxi licenses because the benefits of
participating in a "highly regulated" market are subject to a "general
expectation of regulatory change"). The distributors' claims under the federal
and Ohio constitutions fail, and the district court correctly granted the
suppliers judgment on the pleadings. IV We now consider the proper method for
calculating the diminished value of a distributor's business under ] 1333.85(D).
Both parties argue that the district court erred in its calculation. We review
the district court's rulings on questions of law de novo and questions of fact
for clear error. See Max Trucking, LLC v. Liberty Mut. Ins. Corp., 802 F.3d 793,
803 (6th Cir. 2015). Mixed questions of law and fact are reviewed de novo.
Williams v. Mehra, 186 F.3d 685, 689 (6th Cir. 1999) (en banc). The parties
identify three issues pertaining to the district court's calculation of the
diminished value of the distributors' businesses: (1) whether the court's
calculation should have included the value of the distributors' assets that were
projected to be depleted during the time they attempted to acquire replacement
brands to distribute; (2) whether the district court miscalculated the discount
rate used to determine the value of the brands by averaging the capital
structures put forth by the two parties' experts; and (3) whether the district
court should have subtracted from the award the profits that the distributors
derived from continuing to distribute the brands after the date of valuation. A
The distributors argue that the district court miscalculated the diminished
value of their businesses because it failed to include the cash they were
projected to lose in net operating losses while attempting to acquire
replacement products. They claim to be entitled to those costs in addition to
the fair market value of the lost brands. The district court declined to award
these Case: 15-3710 Document: 41-2 Filed: 07/06/2016 Page: 11 Nos. 15-3710/3769
Tri County Wholesale Distributors, et al. v. Labatt USA Operating Co., et al.
Page 12 costs on the basis that they were already included in the court's
calculation of the lost brands' fair market value. The suppliers agree, arguing
that the distributors are essentially asking for a double recovery on a portion
of their lost profits. The distributors present no persuasive rebuttal to the
double-recovery argument. They first point to the testimony of witnesses
asserting that the depletion of their assets is a separate and independent loss
from the value of the lost brands. But witness testimony cannot resolve the
legal question of what constitutes "the diminished value of the distributor's
business that is directly related to the sale of the product or brand terminated
or not renewed by the successor manufacturer." Ohio Rev. Code ] 1333.85(D). The
distributors' second argument is that: [S]everal times throughout its decision,
the District Court unambiguously stated that the DCF valuation which formed the
basis for its diminished value award was not actually an award of Distributors'
projected profits on the NAB Brands. Rather the court used those projected
profits as a tool to calculate the value of NAB Brands as a distinct, intangible
asset. The problem with this argument is that the only reason the distributors
would be having net operating losses after losing the brands is that they are no
longer able to earn profits from them. But when the district court awarded the
distributors the value of the lost brands, they received a sum of money equal to
the discounted present-day value of the projected future profits from those
brands. The district court's award therefore compensates the distributors wholly
for the "diminished value" of their companies. Perhaps if the district court's
calculation of the value of the brands did not include lost profits, the
distributors would have a point. But here, the projected profits were included
in the district court's calculation. As the district court reasoned: [T]he
values of the terminated franchises are equal to an estimate of lost profits the
Distributors would have reaped from such contracts for some reasonable time into
the future. This number should, theoretically, fully compensate the Distributors
for the diminished value of their businesses, and put them in the place they
would have been, from a profit perspective, but for the termination of the
contracts. . . . It is for this reason that this Court declines to add onto the
value of the lost franchise contracts any depletion of assets . . . . Such
theoretical losses are better viewed as lost profits, for which Distributors
will be compensated fully through a DCF accounting of the Brands' values. Case:
15-3710 Document: 41-2 Filed: 07/06/2016 Page: 12 Nos. 15-3710/3769 Tri County
Wholesale Distributors, et al. v. Labatt USA Operating Co., et al. Page 13 The
district court was correct to deny the distributors additional money equal to
their projected net operating losses. B Both parties argue that the district
court used the wrong capital structure in calculating the discount rate used to
determine the diminished value of the distributors' businesses--that is to say,
the value of the lost brands. To calculate the value of the lost brands in this
case, the experts of both parties used discounted-cash-flow analysis. That
procedure measures the present-day value of an asset based on the income it is
expected to generate in the future, discounted to present-day value. Discounting
allows for the final valuation to take into account the time value of money
(money today is worth more than money tomorrow) and the uncertainty that exists
about whether the projected future cash flow will actually materialize. The
formula used by the district court to calculate the discount rate requires the
input of a capital structure. The parties dispute whether the appropriate
capital structure should be that of a typical buyer or that of the entire
industry over the long term. The distributors ask us to use the capital
structure of a typical buyer, which their expert Lamont Seckman testified was
35% equity and 65% debt. The suppliers ask us to use the long-term industry
capital structure, which their expert Samuel Kursh testified was 93.2% equity
and 6.8% debt. The district court below averaged the two experts' figures in
order to arrive at a capital structure of 64.1% equity and 35.9% debt. Upon
reviewing the parties' briefs, we conclude that their arguments raise issues of
fact, not law. This court reviews factual questions for clear error, and we must
affirm the district court's decision unless it leaves us with a "definite and
firm conviction that a mistake has been committed." Max Trucking, 802 F.3d at
808. The distributors raise two arguments for why the district court erred in
relying in part on Dr. Kursh's long-term industry capital structure. First, they
argue that Dr. Kursh "conceded that the usual valuation methodology does not
consider the capital structure of the seller." But that testimony from Dr. Kursh
must be read in context. The distributors' counsel asked Dr. Kursh whether it is
typical to consider the seller's capital structure in determining the discount
rate Case: 15-3710 Document: 41-2 Filed: 07/06/2016 Page: 13 Nos. 15-3710/3769
Tri County Wholesale Distributors, et al. v. Labatt USA Operating Co., et al.
Page 14 under "the classical definition of discount rate . . . [which is] the
rate necessary to attract . . . the buyer." Dr. Kursh acknowledged that, in
determining the rate necessary to attract a buyer, the seller's capital
structure was not relevant. However, Dr. Kursh also testified that he did not
use that approach to calculating the discount rate for a reason: "In the
diminished value scenario, because you're valuing the brands . . . in the place
that they reside, you would look at the seller." Thus, contrary to the
distributors' characterization, Dr. Kursh did not testify that his own
methodology was unsuitable for the task at hand. Rather, he acknowledged that
the distributors' counsel accurately described a different methodology, but
disputed whether that methodology was applicable to this case. Second, the
distributors argue that Dr. Kursh "conceded that there is actually no reported
'industry average' capital structure, and that he calculated his figures using
many assumptions for which there is no evidence in the record, and applying a
methodology that has never been published or peer-reviewed." Dr. Kursh did
acknowledge that his calculation of the long-term industry capital structure
required him to "interpre[t] the data" and "make some assumptions." But as the
district court noted, "[n]either expert presented the Court with foundational
data or evidence showing how they arrived at their respective capital
structures," and "both witnesses are qualified to produce estimations of the
average capital structure used in the beer distribution industry." The few
excerpts from Dr. Kursh's testimony cited by the distributors are hardly
sufficient for us to conclude that the court committed clear error when it
relied on Dr. Kursh's long-term industry capital structure. The suppliers argue
in their cross-appeal that the district court erred equally in relying in part
on the capital structure put forth by Seckman. Their primary criticism of
Seckman's capital structure is that it focuses on the typical buyer's capital
structure, when "the method of financing a purchase is irrelevant to the value
of the asset being purchased." The suppliers provide no citation to the record
to support this assertion. Furthermore, the suppliers seem to contradict this
argument in their reply brief: Appellants incorrectly state that Dr. Kursh's
long term industry capital structure was based on the seller's capital
structure. . . . The district court chose to use . . . the long term industry
average [which was] based on NWBA data for all market participants - it was not
limited to either buyers or sellers. Dr. Kursh's testimony, Case: 15-3710
Document: 41-2 Filed: 07/06/2016 Page: 14 Nos. 15-3710/3769 Tri County Wholesale
Distributors, et al. v. Labatt USA Operating Co., et al. Page 15 therefore, was
the only reliable evidence on which the District Court could rely to calculate
the WACC. By arguing in their reply brief in favor of considering both buyers'
and sellers' capital structures, the suppliers undercut their initial argument
against considering the typical buyer's capital structures. To avoid this
problem, the suppliers try to shift their argument in their reply brief by
emphasizing that the district court contradicted itself when it relied on
Seckman's buyer-focused capital structure while simultaneously finding that "the
appropriate discount rate is one that uses the average industry capital
structure." We decline to consider this argument because the "general rule is
that appellants cannot raise a new issue for the first time in their reply
briefs." Bendix Autolite Corp. v. Midwesco Enters., Inc., 820 F.2d 186 (6th Cir.
1987) (quoting Thompson v. C.I.R., 631 F.2d 642, 649 (9th Cir. 1980)). The
parties' factual arguments essentially relitigate the "battle of the experts"
that occurred at the trial court. After reviewing their arguments and the
record, we are not left with a definite and firm conviction that a mistake has
been committed. We affirm the district court's calculation of the discount rate.
C The suppliers argue in their cross-appeal that the district court should have
subtracted post-valuation-date profits from its calculation of the diminished
value of the distributors' businesses. While this litigation was pending in the
district court, the suppliers were not allowed to transfer the brands in
question to new distributors. Furthermore, after the court held the terminations
valid and calculated the value of the brands, it granted the distributors'
motion for a stay pending appeal, which again prevented the transfer of the
brands. The distributors have therefore been allowed to reap profits from the
brands throughout the course of this litigation. The suppliers claim that these
profits should be deducted from the court's calculation of the diminished value
of the distributors' businesses, because that calculation already includes
projected future profits. They argue that allowing the distributors to keep the
profits they earned would result in the distributors receiving a windfall. Case:
15-3710 Document: 41-2 Filed: 07/06/2016 Page: 15 Nos. 15-3710/3769 Tri County
Wholesale Distributors, et al. v. Labatt USA Operating Co., et al. Page 16 As an
initial matter, we address two arguments by the distributors that we find to be
unpersuasive. First, the distributors argue that the suppliers' position is at
odds with their prior argument at the preliminary-injunction stage, during which
they argued that a preliminary injunction was unnecessary because: [T]he
termination cannot effectively take place until [the suppliers] have compensated
the Distributors for the diminished value of their businesses caused by the
termination. . . . [A]bsent further order of this Court, the Distributors will
be able to continue distributing Labatt Brands and Genesee Brands without
interruption. In short, the Distributors face no harm that is either actual or
imminent. This passage does show that the suppliers previously said that the
distributors could continue to distribute the brands while the litigation was
pending. But that position is not inconsistent with the suppliers' claim in this
case. The suppliers were simply stating the distributors could continue to
distribute the brands until the court ruled on whether the termination was
valid, and if the distributors happened to win the case, they could keep the
profits. The above-quoted passage says nothing about whether the distributors
would get to keep the profits if they lost the case. The distributors also argue
that the suppliers forfeited their argument about postvaluation-date profits
because they did not appeal the district court's ruling on their motion for an
order allowing them to transfer the brands to a new distributor under ]
1333.851. The district court denied that motion because the procedures set forth
in ] 1333.851 are only available when it is clear that ] 1333.85(D) applies, and
in this case, the key question is whether ] 1333.85(D) applies. The distributors
claim that the suppliers' failure to appeal this decision by the district court
constitutes a forfeiture of their argument for deducting post-valuation-date
profits. That argument fails for the simple reason that this appeal concerns the
proper method for calculating the "diminished value" of the distributors'
businesses under ] 1333.85(D), which has nothing to do with the procedures set
forth in ] 1333.851. Having dispensed with these two arguments, we now turn to
the district court's analysis. The district court gave several reasons for why
it rejected the suppliers' argument for deducting post-valuation-date profits.
First, the court noted that nothing in the statute specifically calls for a
deduction of post-valuation-date profits. But it is unsurprising that no such
provision exists, Case: 15-3710 Document: 41-2 Filed: 07/06/2016 Page: 16 Nos.
15-3710/3769 Tri County Wholesale Distributors, et al. v. Labatt USA Operating
Co., et al. Page 17 because if a supplier successfully uses the statute to
terminate a franchise agreement, the distributor would obviously be unable to
earn additional profits after the termination. The absence of such an express
provision does not definitively answer the question raised by the suppliers,
which is whether refusing to deduct post-valuation-date profits is consistent
with the court's obligation to calculate the "diminished value" of the
distributors' businesses under ] 1333.85(D). The suppliers argue that when the
termination is delayed beyond the rightful date of termination, which in this
case corresponds with the valuation date, profits earned during that delay
cannot be a part of the "diminished" value of the distributors' businesses. The
court's second reason for rejecting the suppliers' argument was that "[a]lthough
the DCF method [of calculating the franchises' present-day value] is based
conceptually on future cash flows, it is not, in actuality, merely a
representation of future cash flows, but is, instead, an estimate of the total
value of the intangible asset." This position is at odds with the district
court's earlier holding regarding the distributors' net-operating-loss argument,
which was premised on the fact that the experts' calculations of the franchises'
present-day value already included projected future profits. If that is so, then
awarding the distributors the present-day value of the franchises in addition to
letting them keep post-valuation-date profits would give them a windfall. The
distributors would be profiting from the brands for several years beyond the
date on which the franchise agreements should have been terminated, and such
profits are already included in the experts' calculations of the "diminished
value" of the distributors' businesses. To be more specific, the suppliers
attempted to terminate the franchise agreements on March 7, 2013. As of the date
of this decision, it has been over three years since the suppliers should have
been able to terminate the agreements. The special masters' calculations show
that the first three years of projected profits after discounting make up
$976,834 of the $2,757,459 awarded to Tri County and $106,891 of the $302,720
awarded to Iron City--roughly 35% of the total awards. If we did not account for
the profits earned by the distributors during the pendency of this litigation,
the distributors would receive a major windfall through this litigation that
delayed the suppliers' lawful exercise of their termination rights. Case:
15-3710 Document: 41-2 Filed: 07/06/2016 Page: 17 Nos. 15-3710/3769 Tri County
Wholesale Distributors, et al. v. Labatt USA Operating Co., et al. Page 18 The
court's third reason for rejecting the suppliers' position was that the
suppliers themselves made a profit from their transactions with the
distributors. The court reasoned: "By Defendants' argument, if Plaintiffs are to
disgorge their profits, so should Defendants for the same period. What is more
apparent is that both parties have benefitted financially from the status quo
and such post-termination benefits should not enter into this Court's calculus."
However, the suppliers' profits are not relevant to the inquiry prescribed by
the statute, ] 1333.85(D), which states that the supplier must "compensate the
distributor for the diminished value of the distributor's business." The
statute's language focuses on the distributors' losses and says nothing about
the suppliers' profits. Therefore, granting the distributors an award that
reflects lost future profits from the terminated franchises while also allowing
them to earn profits from those franchises for several years gives them more
than they are entitled to under the statute. Furthermore, it is not entirely
fair to say that the suppliers benefited from the status quo. There is no
evidence that the suppliers' profits from the brands distributed by the
plaintiffs were meaningfully superior to the profits that they would have earned
from their desired distributors. While they may have made some profits from
their transactions with the distributors, they were harmed, perhaps even more,
by their inability to negotiate new franchise agreements with new distributors
that may have been more profitable. The court's final reason for rejecting the
suppliers' argument for post-valuation-date profits was that it "sensed
hypocrisy" in the suppliers' argument, because: On the one hand, they stand
firmly by the principle that this Court must assess the value of the NAB Brands
as of the date of termination. As such, this Court is prohibited from
considering post-termination conditions or events. On the other hand, by their
demand to deduct post-termination benefits, Defendants ask this Court to look to
post-termination events. Further, rather than estimating post-termination
profits based on the conditions of the businesses as of March 2013--which is the
date from which Defendants determine diminished value--Defendants ask this Court
to deduct actual profits from March 13 through January 2015. This inconsistency,
too, goes against deducting post-termination benefits. This analysis would be
fair if the suppliers had actually terminated the franchise agreements on March
7, 2013, and been allowed to negotiate new agreements while this litigation was
pending. But given that the distributors have been allowed to retain the brands
for over three years beyond Case: 15-3710 Document: 41-2 Filed: 07/06/2016 Page:
18 Nos. 15-3710/3769 Tri County Wholesale Distributors, et al. v. Labatt USA
Operating Co., et al. Page 19 the termination date, letting them keep the
profits derived from those brands while also awarding them a sum of money that
includes projected profits for that time period would give them more than the "
diminished value" of their businesses. The district court raised an important
point in criticizing the suppliers' proposed deduction of actual profits rather
than projected profits. The projected profits used in calculating the diminished
value of the distributors' businesses were discounted substantially in order to
arrive at their value in 2013. Subtracting the actual profits earned by the
distributors in 2014, 2015, and 2016 without discounting them would be unfair to
the distributors. We agree with the district court that it would be improper to
deduct actual profits. Therefore, we instead hold that the profits that the
distributors were projected to earn during the period of time leading up to the
final resolution of this litigation--that is to say, the date when the franchise
agreements are actually terminated--must be deducted from their award. V We
REVERSE the district court's calculation of the diminished value of the
distributors' businesses and REMAND with instructions to deduct the profits
projected to be earned by the distributors during the period of time leading up
to the date when the franchise agreements are finally terminated. We AFFIRM the
remainder of the district court's decision. Case: 15-3710 Document: 41-2 Filed:
07/06/2016 Page: 19



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              222 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                 THE AUSTRALIAN

                          September 9, 1998, Wednesday

US unions lose their clout

SOURCE: AFP

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 50

LENGTH: 441 words


AMERICANS celebrated the Labour Day holiday on Monday amid a more militant stand
by some high-profile unions but a generally diminished role for the labour
movement.

Recent high-profile strikes at General Motors and United Parcel Service and the
present job action at Northwest Airlines have indicated a bolder approach by
some big unions.

Still, by historical standards, labour unions in the US remain weak and unable
to attract many new workers as the economy shifts to a more concentrated service
sector and away from the factory floor.

Only 14 per cent of the US workforce is unionised, down from almost 50 per cent
in the 1950s.

The resulting diminished clout has helped keep a lid on wage increases,
according to Peter Nugent, associate professor of industrial relations at
Rockhurst College's school of management in Kansas City.

"Today, union power is vastly diminished and the (wage) contracts reflect this,"
he said.

That wage stagnation also comes at a time when the US unemployment rate in
August hit 4.5 per cent, a 28-year low, according to US labour figures released
on Friday.

The number of available US jobs has been growing by about 2.6 per cent a year
-yet the number of workers to fill those jobs is growing by only 1 per cent a
year, according to the statistics.

For many economists, controlling inflation means keeping a lid on wages.

And meagre or negative wage growth over the past years has left US workers with
few real gains, according to The State of Working America, an upcoming study by
the Economic Policy Institute, due out in January.

"The typical American family is probably worse off near the end of the 1990s
than it was at the end of the 1980s or the end of the 1970s, despite an increase
in the productive capacity of the overall economy," says EPI.

The think tank, whose founders include former labour secretaries Robert Reich
and Ray Marshall, says the 1990s economic boom has benefited those at the top
and left little for the workers.

The result is a growing gap in wealth distribution.

Between 1989 and 1997 "the share of wealth held by the top 1 per cent of
households grew from 37.4 per cent of the national total to 39.1 per cent",
according to the study.

"Over the same period, the share of all wealth held by families in the middle
fifth of the population fell from 4.8 per cent to 4.4 per cent."

One example of the wealth gap is in the earnings of the top US captains of
industry, the corporate chief executive officers. While in 1965 the typical CEO
made about 20 times more than the average production worker, in 1989 the ratio
had almost tripled to 56.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 1998 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              223 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                 THE AUSTRALIAN

                          September 9, 1998, Wednesday

Behind the militancy, US workers are toothless

SOURCE: AFP

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 50

LENGTH: 469 words


AMERICANS celebrated the Labour Day holiday on Monday amid a more militant stand
by some high-profile unions but a generally diminished role for the labour
movement.

Recent high-profile strikes at General Motors and United Parcel Service and the
present job action at Northwest Airlines have indicated a bolder approach by
some big unions.

Still, by historical standards, labour unions in the US remain weak and unable
to attract many new workers as the economy shifts to a more concentrated service
sector and away from the factory floor.

Only 14 per cent of the US workforce is unionised, down from almost 50 per cent
in the 1950s.

The resulting diminished clout has helped keep a lid on wage increases,
according to Peter Nugent, associate professor of industrial relations at
Rockhurst College's school of management in Kansas City.

"Today, union power is vastly diminished and the (wage) contracts reflect this,"
he said.

That wage stagnation also comes at a time when the US unemployment rate in
August hit 4.5 per cent, a 28-year low, according to US labour figures released
on Friday.

The number of available US jobs has been growing by about 2.6 per cent a year
-yet the number of workers to fill those jobs is growing by only 1 per cent a
year, according to the statistics.

Help wanted signs call from restaurant and retail store windows in every big US
city.

Skilled workers, especially with computer know-how, can virtually set their
salaries.

For many economists, controlling inflation means keeping a lid on wages.

And meagre or negative wage growth in recent years has left US workers with few
real gains, according to The State of Working America, a study by the Economic
Policy Institute, due out in January.

"The typical American family is probably worse off near the end of the 1990s
than it was at the end of the 1980s or the end of the 1970s, despite an increase
in the productive capacity of the overall economy," says EPI.

The think tank, whose founders include former labour secretaries Robert Reich
and Ray Marshall, says the 1990s economic boom has benefited those at the top
and left little for the workers.

The result is a growing gap in wealth distribution.

Between 1989 and 1997 "the share of wealth held by the top 1 per cent of
households grew from 37.4 per cent of the national total to 39.1 per cent",
according to the study.

"Over the same period, the share of all wealth held by families in the middle
fifth of the population fell from 4.8 per cent to 4.4 per cent."

One example of the wealth gap is in the earnings of the top US captains of
industry, the corporate chief executive officers. While in 1965 the typical CEO
made about 20 times more than the average production worker, in 1989 the ratio
had almost tripled to 56.

  *

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS

                   Copyright 1998 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              224 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                             January 3, 2016 Sunday

Sue Anderson: Roads less safe since legalization

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 218 words


One way to catch a pot-impaired driver is when he's dead, having killed himself
and possibly others in a fatal crash. There have been 521 such fatalities since
medical pot was first legalized in 2006. The low was 37 in 2006. That was 7
percent of all fatalities. After a steady increase, that number jumped from 71
in 2012 to 94 in 2014. That is 19 percent of all fatalities and the direct
result of legalization.

But since only about half the drivers are actually tested for pot in their
system, that number could easily be doubled. No question in my mind that road
safety has diminished.

 Since pot affects thought processing and reaction time long after the "feeling
high" sensation is gone, a person cannot determine his own fitness to drive.
When you hear the potheads talking about how they are better drivers after using
pot, realize that they are impaired -- possibly permanently.

 It is certain that road safety has diminished since we voters endorsed another
drug that impairs drivers. Let's stop pretending otherwise. All we are trying to
do now is figure out how to stop impaired drivers before people get killed.

 Source: The Legalization of Marijuana in Colorado, The Impact, volume 3. From
the Rocky Mountain High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area, Denver office (
rmhidta.org).

 Sue Anderson



 Boulder

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              225 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            April 10, 2013 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Pyongyang's man in US edged out into the cold

BYLINE: Colum Lynch

SECTION: NEWS; International News; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 974 words


New York | Han Song Ryol, the North Korean diplomat who serves as the principal
liaison between Washington and Pyongyang, has spent the better part of the past
two decades exploring the prospects for a normalised relationship between his
country and the United States.

From his perch at the North Korean mission to the United Nations on Manhattan's
East Side, Han oversees Pyongyang's end of the New York channel, a diplomatic
conduit that was established in the early 1990s and that, in a more hopeful era,
paved the way for the first visit by a high-ranking North Korean official to
Washington.

But the importance of the New York channel has been noticeably diminished over
the years, according to diplomats. Today, with the US and North Korea at a
standoff and the threat of a fourth nuclear test by the North looming, Han's
channel has been reduced to a diplomatic post office box that passes occasional
messages between capitals and arranges travel for VIP visits to Pyongyang.

The shift, diplomats and others say, underscores the radicalisation of North
Korea's foreign policy and a growing pessimism that relations can be improved.

"These people in New York are not authorised to say anything or do anything -
they don't have the authority to deviate from specific instructions," says Han
Park, a professor at the University of Georgia who has long-standing ties with
the North Korean government.

The diminished status of the New York channel also speaks to the waning
influence of the North Korean Foreign Ministry, which oversees the conduit, in
shaping the country's relationship with the US. For its part, the Obama
administration has shown little interest in cultivating the channel more
assiduously, on the grounds that Han and his colleagues have little influence
back home and little authority to advance relations, according to diplomats and
former US officials.

In the absence of a more substantive diplomatic channel, tensions between North
Korea and the US have mounted in recent weeks, with Pyongyang Â­issuing a series
of increasingly provocative threats.

To persuade North Korea to change course, the US has relied on economic
pressure, including new United Nations sanctions, and hopes that China can use
its leverage to convince Pyongyang that it should stand down.

Some North Korea watchers say the New York channel remains important,
particularly at a time when the North, which recently severed its few lines of
communication with the South, has moved to further isolate itself.

"It serves only as a communications channel, although messages can be and have
been sent between the highest levels of the two governments," says Kun A. "Tony"
Namkung, who maintains close contacts with the mission and who helped arrange
recent visits to Pyongyang by former New Mexico governor Bill Richardson and
Google chief executive Eric Schmidt.

"It remains wide open and is in good shape. Given the recent cutting off of the
military hotline at the DMZ, its importance has actually increased," he adds,
referring to the demilitarised zone between the two Koreas.

Han, who did not respond to requests for an interview, arrived in New York in
the early 1990s and served nearly five years as a young counsellor, initially as
an aide to the North Korean mission's top ambassador.

During the Clinton era, the New York channel served various functions, according
to Evans Revere, who was a senior State Department official at the time and
functioned as the Washington end of the New York channel. It was, Revere says, a
"sounding board and exploratory vehicle" for resolving differences between North
Korea and the United States; the "eyes and ears" of Pyongyang in the US; and
"the voice of the regime" for American audiences.

In 2002, after a hiatus, Han returned to New York, where he served two stints as
the envoy responsible for US relations.

The first ended after North Korea conducted its first nuclear test, in 2006.
Over the past few years, the New York channel's role, however, has been limited.

Revere says he wonders whether the channel has been able to report back frankly
on US developments and whether Pyongyang is actually Â­listening.

A portrait of Han emerges in the book Eating With the Enemy, by Robert Egan, a
New Jersey restaurant owner and POW advocate who befriended the North Korean
diplomat.Acting as an informal fixer, Egan took Han and his colleagues fishing
and pheasant hunting, and to sporting fixtures.

In Egan's telling, Han revealed himself as a former North Korean soldier who
admired billionaire developer Donald Trump, passed on a proposal through Egan to
sell North Korean nuclear weapons for billions in cash, and once tried to help
Egan negotiate the return of the USS Pueblo, the naval intelligence vessel
captured by the North Koreans in 1968. When the book was published, Han
exploded, telling Egan the revelations could serve as a "death sentence" back
home, the author recalls.

Since then, Egan said, he has had relatively little contact with the North
Korean mission.US officials and other North Korea watchers say Han has
maintained his position as Pyongyang's key link with American officials, but has
become far more cautious. Diplomats close to Han say his latest posting will end
soon and he is likely to depart New York with little to show for his efforts.

"I have found him and his colleagues to be lacking in ideas and ambitions, and I
think that is a reflection of their assessment of the overall state of affairs -
that things are not good and not going to get better anytime soon," says a
former senior State Department officialwho spoke on condition of anonymity
because he did not want to offend Han

"They are lacking a level of energy and enthusiasm that I have seen them
manifest in the past. They really are at the end of the trail here in New York,
and Pyongyang is a long way away."

Washington Post

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Action zone...clockwise from top: South Korean soldiers move a
barricade near the DMZ; a laden car drives along a road linking the two Koreas,
and a soldier from the South stands guard at a checkpoint at the Unification
Bridge. Action zone...clockwise from top: South Korean soldiers move a barricade
near the DMZ; a laden car drives along a road linking the two Koreas, and a
soldier from the South stands guard at a checkpoint at the Unification Bridge.
Action zone...clockwise from top: South Korean soldiers move a barricade near
the DMZ; a laden car drives along a road linking the two Koreas, and a soldier
from the South stands guard at a checkpoint at the Unification Bridge.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              226 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times Higher Education Supplement

                                  May 22, 2008

A game of haves and have-nots

SECTION: LEADER; Pg. 23 No. 1846

LENGTH: 369  words


Social engineers seem to infest universities but are curiously absent in public
schools. How strange.

Two national newspapers picked up our story last week on the University of
Manchester's frank assessment of the pressures placed on undergraduate teaching
by mushrooming student numbers and diminished resources. The vice-chancellor
conceded that despite the "noble" efforts of staff, "the rise of mass higher
education" and inexorable pressures "to do more for less" had had a deleterious
effect on teaching: "In the end gravely diminished per capita resourcing must
tell on educational quality." The internal reports also recommended that
Manchester should relax its entry grades to address its deficit in pupils from
state schools.

Both the Daily Mail and The Daily Telegraph reported the vice-chancellor's
comments and both inserted a phrase of their own, "social engineering", which
did not appear in the original reports. The Mail was particularly incensed by
the indulgence towards the poor and added the views of an independent
schoolmaster who warned the university that its cavalier attitude to entry
grades and its inferred prejudice against the deserving middle classes would
backfire.

Social engineering, one must remember, is a grotesque attempt by progressives to
undo years of advantage by reducing the handicaps of the underprivileged at the
moment when they may consider entering higher education. It limits opportunities
for those who have spent many years paying for the privilege of equipping their
children with a fine education. This process is termed giving one's child "a
good start in life", and differs from "social engineering" because the
initiative is the parents' not the state's, the cost is borne by the parents not
the state, and the effort expended usually endures for several years before
university as opposed to a post-school retro-fix consisting of a few remedial
classes.

But in the essentials it is the same as social engineering, which is sometimes
known by its alternative tag "too little, too late". Both processes display a
willingness to bend the rules to identify and augment any natural abilities a
student possesses. Social engineers rule-bend when students are 18 or older

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 TSL Education Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              227 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                  DVCHECK LLC

                             9716-B Rea Road # 130
                              Charlotte,  NC 28277
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (704) 464-2065
URL: www.dvcheck.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   DVcheck is uniquely qualified to assist you with your insurance claim for
diminished value. Our team consists of highly trained professionals who've
worked in the insurance industry and know firsthand how insurers minimize their
payouts.  Our lead appraiser brings to the table the following qualifications:
Auto damage appraiser for 15+ years working for 3 major carriers AIC
designation, Associate in Claims ASE Certified Damage Analysis Appraiser,
Automotive Service Excellence I-CAR trained Insurance company diminished value
specialist that handled thousands of diminished value claims.  DVcheck is
different than other diminished value appraisers. We get paid a flat fee of $150
for our custom report and demand letter, not a percentage of your insurance
payout, saving you hundreds, potentially thousands of dollars.  Our people have
been on the other side, working for insurance companies. We have insider
information. We understand how insurance companies think and what they're
looking for when evaluating a claim.  Using our firsthand experience, we create
quality reports that are difficult for insurance companies to dispute. These
reports don't just contain opinions, something insurers look for as an excuse to
deny claims. Instead, every statement we make is supported by facts and data.
Our findings are substantiated by credible sources that are hard to discredit.
We build a persuasive case that lets the insurer know you mean business.  Bottom
line - We know precisely what butt

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              228 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                           November 20, 2007 Tuesday

Earthquake chances 'diminished'

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 211 words


Representatives from the state Office of Emergency Services said today that the
likelihood of a larger earthquake following the Oct. 30 Alum Rock earthquake has
"naturally diminished."

Representatives from the state Earthquake Prediction Evaluation Council met
recently to reevaluate the seismic potential in the Bay Area since issuing an
advisory following the magnitude 5.4 Alum Rock earthquake.

The advisory council issued the following statement today:

"With the passage of time, the increased likelihood that the Alum Rock
earthquake is a foreshock of a larger event has naturally diminished. However,
recent earthquake history in California suggests that a small increase in the
likelihood of further activity on the Calaveras and/or Hayward faults remains.
The 1992 Landers earthquake was preceded by the Joshua Tree earthquake two
months earlier. The 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake was preceded by the Lake Elsman
earthquakes that occurred two months and 16 months earlier. Therefore, CEPEC
believes that the likelihood of damaging earthquake activity along the Hayward
or Calaveras fault will continue to be elevated, albeit at a lower level, over
the next year."

Additional information on earthquake preparedness is available on the OES home
page at www.oes.ca.gov.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              229 of 997 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                           October 14, 2009 Wednesday

Let's Bring Back Smithgall

BYLINE: Letters

SECTION: A; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


TO THE EDITORS:

Cheers to Charlie Smithgall for once again keeping the interest of Lancaster
city at heart.

As mayor, Smithgall fought hard to keep crime low and always valued the opinions
of fellow city residents. At recent campaign rallies, Charlie has remained firm
on these issues.

Mayor Rick Gray, on the other hand, has diminished the police department of
several officers and remained invisible when it comes to public concern.

Four years ago when Charlie was mayor, Lancaster was a safe and respectable
city. Now, four years after Rick Gray took office, robberies and murders are
increasing rapidly and city streets are polluted with various forms of litter.
Crime continues to grow out of hand, and Gray cuts the police force!

If we have learned anything over the past four years, it is the fact that Rick
Gray has diminished the integrity of the city that Smithgall fought so hard for
during his eight years as mayor.

The answer remains clear: Charlie Smithgall served the city for two wonderful
terms and I hope that city residents will give him the opportunity to do this
once again.

Erik Rosenberger

Lancaster

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              230 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             July 15, 2008 Tuesday

War diminishes moral reasoning in children

BYLINE: By Brian Maffly The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: EDUCATION; Local

LENGTH: 543 words


Children growing up in war zones tend to regard revenge as justification for
stealing and hurting others, according to a new study by the University of
Utah's department of psychology. More troubling was the finding, based on
interviews with 96 Colombian children, that war-affected kids expect others to
behave violently, regardless of the situation.

"That worries me. The first finding about revenge is worrisome, but not
surprising," said co-author Cecilia Wainryb, a U. professor of psychology whose
study was published today in the journal Child Development.

"With this other finding, it says when I'm not under pressure, when my survival
is not at stake, I'll steal if I get a chance. That speaks to a diminished sense
of moral agency, a diminished sense of trust in others."

The study's authors did find that most of these displaced children were
developing a moral framework that shunned violence and stealing, even in
survival situations. But that framework became flexible when the kids were asked
about retribution, and became even more pliable among older children.

"Overall, these findings unveil a reservoir of moral knowledge among
war-affected children. Even the impoverished environments of war and
displacement present youths with opportunities for reflecting on the intrinsic
features of actions that harm others," the study states. "But these findings
also point to potential vulnerabilities in these children's moral lives. It is
possible that contexts underscoring concerns with survival might compromise
children's ability to view themselves and others as moral agents, while contexts
underscoring revenge might give rise to cycles of violence."

The findings may prove helpful to humanitarian organizations working to address
the social costs of political upheaval. According to the United Nations, 50
countries are in armed conflict, displacing 23 million children. Over the past
decade, wars have injured 6 million children and claimed the lives of another 2
million.

For the U. study, researchers focused on the Bogota slum of Usme, "a vast warren
of concrete homes and plywood-and-aluminum shacks" featuring one of the largest
concentrations of people displaced by the Colombia's 50-year civil war. With a
homicide rate of 3.3 per 10,000 residents, the slum, population 230,000, endures
half as many killings as the entire state of Utah.

A local humanitarian group recruited the children and youths, who were
interviewed in Spanish by lead author Robert Posada, himself a Colombian who
recently completed his doctorate at the U. and has returned to his homeland to
pursue a university career. Almost half the children had seen a dead body and a
third witnessed someone being shot or shot at.

"We speculate that because these kids are exposed to so much violence and engage
in violence themselves they might not go through the same process that kids from
say, Salt Lake City, would go through," Wainryb said. "Research shows all kids
go through minor moral violations. Kids engage in moral dialogue on these
violations. This is the normal moral stuff we do day in and day out.

"For ]war-affected( kids, because they are in this environment of perpetual
lawlessness, there's no space for them to engage in moral conversation."

bmaffly@sltrib.com

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A new U. study on children's moral development focused on Usme, a
refugee-filled slum outside the Colombian capital of Bogota.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              231 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     January 14, 2016 Thursday 9:45 PM GMT

Top pick Jack Harrison heads to NYC FC - but is the MLS SuperDraft broken?;
Chicago trade No1 pick Jack Harrison to New York and bring in Brandon Vincent
from Stanford in a draft whose importance has diminished in recent years

BYLINE: Graham Parker

SECTION: FOOTBALL

LENGTH: 1073 words


With every iteration of the MLS SuperDraft, it becomes harder to identify who
might have done best out of the process. Never a wholly reliable predictor of
talent, the draft's importance has diminished in recent years with the evolution
of the game in the US, and in particular the emergence of the MLS club academies
as an alternate route to the traditional college system.

Related:  It's the Parkers! A complete review of the 2015 MLS season

And given the MLS rules and the "last shall be first" logic of the draft, it
feels a little strange to be considering the 2015 also-rans who dominate the top
of the draft order as anything like winners, but at least in the absence of
expansion teams there was a clearer chance to assess how Chicago, NYC FC and
Philadelphia Union might use their draft picks to kickstart needed rebuilds. All
three clubs have new head coaches or GMs - or in Chicago's case, both - and this
was the first chance to test their priorities. All three had their moments.

It was also a chance to see how the clubs acquitted themselves within the
micro-politics of the draft room itself - in this case a cavernous ballroom at
Baltimore Convention Center, packed with technical staff, media, hopeful players
and parents, and a healthy contingent of rowdy supporters.

It seems strange to talk of stable teams as losers. There were few surprise
moves from last season's top teams, which in itself is an indicator of the
diminished importance of the draft. Such "losers" as there were tended to be
teams who need very little tweaking, or see little value in doing that in this
context.

Winners

                     Chicago Fire:  New GM Nelson Rodriguez and head coach
Veljko Paunovic are an intriguing double act. Paunovic's pedigree working with
youngsters is impeccable given that he took Serbia to an under-20 World Cup win
last season. But MLS is a case apart, so the presence of the enthusiastic
Rodriguez, who spent several years as the vice-president of competition at the
league's office, may have proved vital in navigating a draft that the Fire held
the top pick in.

They selected Jack Harrison, a Bolton-born midfielder who spent seven years in
the Manchester United youth system, as the No1 overall pick, only to trade the
No4 slot with New York City FC in return for Harrison and allocation money.

Eyebrows were raised about the Fire selecting a midfielder when they are
chronically short in central defense, and, sure enough, the Fire used their new
pick for Stanford defender Brandon Vincent. Add in one of the most complicated
trade sequences ever executed later in the first round, which left Chicago
taking another defender, Jonathan Campbell, at No12, and the Fire can reflect on
a solid start to a big rebuild.

Philadelphia Union:  All eyes were on the Union coming into this draft,
particularly given the changes at senior management and the appointment of the
well-respected Earnie Stewart as technical director - a role he'd previously
filled with distinction at AZ Alkmaar. Stewart has a reputation for identifying
and nurturing young players, and the Union showed their new set of priorities
with a series of trades that left them picking second, third and sixth in the
first round, along with a high second-round pick. They picked up a pair of
Georgetown defenders in Joshua Yaro and Keegan Rosenberry, and traded with
Houston to take Fabian Herbers at No6.

The Union have a checkered history with the draft, but with Stewart directing
player personnel and coach Jim Curtin having more of a free coaching hand than
he did under Nick Sakiewicz, there's perhaps more cause for optimism about the
club's draft business than there's ever been.

New York City FC:  Before it was confirmed that Harrison was the "player to be
announced" when the Chicago Fire had acquired their fourth pick, NYC FC looked
to have made an underwhelming swap, in keeping with their first season emphasis
on marquee names above serviceable depth. But the move for Harrison was an
intriguing one - it semes some thought is being given to including greater
mobility to a midfield that includes Frank Lampard and Andrea Pirlo. It was the
only business of the day for New York City, and hardly indicates a wholesale
shift towards youth, but given that such symbolic importance as the draft still
retains tends to be loaded on the No1 pick, NYC FC trading to get that player
was a solid, and even humble, move.

Losers

                     Colorado Rapids:  It's probably unfair to label Colorado
losers given the key detail of what they acquired in the carousel of trades that
dominated the middle order of the first round - first place in the allocation
order for returning US internationals. If Tim Howard or Alejandro Bedoya should
decide to enter MLS in the future their option is currently Colorado's to lose.

And that's the rub for Colorado - not one of the glamor destinations in the
league. So for the deal to work they'll have to get one of those type of
signings over the line, or at least further leverage their elevated position in
another deal, as they did last year in acquiring Marcelo Sarvas from LA in
return for the No2 pick in the allocation order. Watch this space.

New York Red Bulls:  If there was an iconic image of this year's SuperDraft it
may have come before it started, when the Red Bulls displayed six of the seven
homegrown players they'd signed over the off-season. The Red Bulls didn't move
from their 18th pick in the first round, but on the evidence of that clutch of
young talent, why would they?

How many contribute as first-team players remains to be seen, and the chances
are most will be farmed to NYRB II for this season, but the fact is the Red
Bulls did nothing of note at the draft.That doesn't so much make them losers as
a team who didn't see the benefit of taking part. (See also LA Galaxy, whose
main business of the day was bringing back the veteran Mike Magee after trading
away their 12th pick in the first round).

The format itself: With so many top prospects bypassing the draft altogether in
favor of homegrown contracts, there is an expectation that MLS might move to
make the SuperDraft less focused on college prospects and more as a mechanism
for clubs to sign young talent from other countries. It's beginning to happen
slowly, but if the draft is staying with us (and it is), the emphasis needs to
shift.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              232 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                Intelligencer Journal (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                           September 21, 2007 Friday

Congress defaulted on its duty in run-up to Iraq war

BYLINE: Intelligencer Journal Staff

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 302  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


TO THE EDITOR:

Clearly war is a messy business. The religious, racial and political sectarian
disputes only increase the untidiness of the present military action.

Examine the pre-invasion history of Iraq to see the enmity and political
divisions drawn in the religious sand. Why did we ignore such a long history of
sectarian hostility?

In Federalist Paper #37 James Madison notes, "public measures are rarely
investigated with that spirit of moderation which is essential" and "this spirit
is more apt to be diminished than promoted, by those occasions which require an
unusual exercise of it."

War is such an "unusual exercise" requiring investigation with moderation. The
Constitution gives Congress exclusive authority to declare war.

Congress is where serious public policy decisions are supposed to be discussed,
investigated and considered. The behavior of Congress in 2002, as it relates to
the present war in Iraq, is a perfect illustration of Madison's "apt to be
diminished" principle.

Prior to passing the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq
Resolution of 2002, a motion was forwarded asking Congress to declare a state of
war between the United States and Iraq. Such a motion, if accepted and debated,
would have forced Congress to "investigate with moderation" the seriousness of
the Iraq Resolution.

This motion was rejected. It was easier to authorize the executive branch to
make the tough decision thereby allowing Congress to take a bow if the war was
successful or point fingers if it proceeded poorly.

As fingers point in 2007, everyone is willing to "investigate with moderation."
Too late.

Congress, through declaration or abdication, bears the responsibility for this
war. Seldom does Congress let a little thing like the Constitution get in the
way of politics.

Greg Wilhelm, Pequea

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: LETTERS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              233 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 6, 2015 Thursday

UPDATED: Sjodin's killer raises question of juror misconduct in death penalty
trial

BYLINE: Steve Wagner, Grand Forks Herald

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 583 words


Aug. 06--The man sentenced to death for the 2003 kidnapping and murder of Dru
Sjodin is claiming juror misconduct during his trial.

Next month, a federal judge is set to hear arguments related to a 2011 motion by
attorneys for Alfonso Rodriguez Jr. His lawyers filed a habeas corpus motion
outlining reasons the former Crookston man should not be executed and now appear
to claim juror misconduct during his trial.

Rodriguez, 62, remains on death row at a federal maximum security prison in
Terre Haute, Ind.

The court docket shows Rodriguez's attorneys are claiming juror misconduct, but
documents detailing the allegation, including prosecutors' response to it, are
sealed in advance of a Sept. 8 hearing before U.S. District Judge Ralph Erickson
in Fargo.

A single docket entry from June notes prosecutors responding to "alleged juror
misconduct." The paperwork responds to documents filed by defense attorneys in
March.

Attorneys for Rodriguez also are requesting "temporary and partial closure" of
the upcoming court hearing, which was set to address the pending habeas corpus
motion, considered a last resort appeal to overturn Rodriguez's death sentence.
The U.S. Supreme Court turned down his earlier appeals.

In the latest arguments, death penalty attorneys claim Rodriguez didn't receive
effective counsel at trial, was insane at the time of the crime and that he is
mentally diminished, making him ineligible for the death penalty.

Richard Ney, a death penalty expert, was among the defense attorneys appointed
to represent Rodriguez before and during the 2006 trial. Ney and West Fargo
attorney Robert Hoy, a former Cass County state's attorney, filed a litany of
motions prior to the trial, including claims Rodriguez was mentally diminished.

In 2003, Rodriguez stabbed and kidnapped Sjodin, a Pequot Lakes, Minn., native
attending UND, while she talked on a cellphone in a Grand Forks mall parking
lot. An extensive search ensued, and five months later she was found dead in a
rural ravine near Crookston.

A jury of seven women and five men unanimously convicted Rodriguez, a known sex
offender with a 32-year history of attacking women, and recommended he should be
put to death by lethal injection.

The trial marked the first-ever federal death penalty case in North Dakota,
which abolished the state's capital punishment law in 1973. The death sentence
also marked the first time in more than 90 years that a defendant had been
ordered to death in any case within the state.

The Rodriguez trial featured three phases: guilt, eligibility for the death
penalty and the sentence.

In the final phase, it took three votes for jurors to reach a unanimous verdict
to recommend the death penalty sentence, which Erickson later ordered to be done
in South Dakota.

Afterward, juror Arlys Carter said the first two votes came back 11-1 for death,
with one person being a "question mark." A third vote brought the unanimous
decision.

"I think he changed his mind on his own," Carter said at the time. "He wouldn't
have gone along with the group."

Assistant U.S. Attorney Keith Reisenauer said Thursday he could not comment
about the pending motion and claims.

"Until I know what's going on, I'm not going to comment," said Luke Lillehaugen,
one of the jurors for the trial. Attempts to reach nine of the other were
unsuccessful Thursday.

___ (c)2015 the Grand Forks Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit the Grand Forks
Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) at www.grandforksherald.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150806-GF-UPDATED-Sjodin-s-killer-raises-question-of-juror-misconduct-in-death
-penalty-trial-0806-20150806

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2015 Grand Forks Herald


                              234 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                          December 31, 2008 Wednesday

Carnegie library shaves 2 hours a week

BYLINE: Bill Zlatos

LENGTH: 417 words


The early bookworm no longer will catch the Carnegie Library in Oakland on
Fridays and Saturdays.

Officials at the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh announced Tuesday that,
effective this week, the system's main library will open on Fridays and
Saturdays at 10 a.m., one hour later than in 2008.

"We're trimming hours based upon our budget," said Carnegie Library spokeswoman
Suzanne Thinnes. "We're receiving level funding in 2009 from local revenues and
decreased funding from our state."

Nonprofit leaders say the reduced hours could be a sign of the times for
entities that depend on funding from the state, foundations, corporations and
individual donors.

"It is absolutely true that there has been a shiver go through the nonprofit
sector about the human demand and nonprofits' capacity to meet those demands
because of diminished revenue and diminished optimism going forward," said Peggy
M. Outon, executive director of the Bayer Center for Nonprofit Management at
Robert Morris University.

The Carnegie Library projects a 2009 budget of $23.3 million. The Allegheny
Regional Asset District, which provides most library funding in the county, is
giving Carnegie $16.7 million.

RAD gets its money from one-half of a 1 percent sales tax add-on in Allegheny
County for parks, stadiums, libraries and cultural groups.

RAD Executive Director David Donahoe said his board kept the library system's
funding at its 2008 level because of projections of flat or declining sales tax
revenue. In December, RAD collected $6.04 million from the sales tax, compared
to $6.33 million in December 2007. That's a decrease of 4.6 percent.

"It appears that the board's caution -- at least for now -- was appropriate,"
Donahoe said.

The cutback in hours comes as the Carnegie's popularity has been growing.

"We're reluctant to reduce hours," Thinnes said. "This is the time when people
need us the most. Traditionally, when the economy slows, more people will
gravitate toward the library."

They come to search the Internet for jobs and to borrow books, CDs and videos,
rather than buy or rent them.

The main library had 490,000 visitors in 2004, but 612,000 from January through
November of this year.

The main library's weekly schedule grew by three hours in 2008. The year before,
the Carnegie added 24 hours of operation a week at nine branches.

Still, the Oakland library was seven hours short of the state standard of 65 a
week for main libraries. Now, it will be nine hours shy.

"It puts us behind," Thinnes said.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2008 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              235 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Rating Changes

                            November 8, 2002, Friday

Compiled by Matthew Kreps



Dollar amounts represent the amount of bonds outstanding in the issue. Rating
changes that result from the purchase of the letters of credit or bond insurance


for issues in the secondary market are not included.

ISSUER   AMOUNT   CHANGE
BOND   (000S)   TO   FROM   NAME   COMMENTS

    Bernards Township, N.J., general obligation bonds   8,909   AAA   AA
S&P   Very high and rising wealth levels, affluent and growing
                   residential and commercial tax
base, consistently strong
                   financial position, easily
affordable debt burden.

    Bossier City (City), La., sales tax bonds   83,100   A2   A3
Moody   History of tax base growth, increasing sales tax revenues,
                   manageable debt position, well-
maintained financial operations.

    Cranston, R.I., general obligation bonds   46,975   B   BB   S&P
Failure to develop viable multiyear plan to restore ongoing fiscal
                   balance, use of large part of
pension assets to help balance
                   fiscal 2003 operating budget, weak
liquidity, extremely large
                   pension fund liability.

    Dearborn Economic Development Corp., Mich., hospital revenue bonds,
89,735   A   A-plus   S&P   Diminished liquidity, lower cash flow
(despite improving opera-   Series 1995A, and revenue refunding bonds,
Series 1994A (Oakwood               ting results), thin
debt-service coverage, high debt burden.
    Hospital Obligated Group)

    Guilford, Conn., general obligation bonds   28,900   AA-plus   AA
Fitch   Sustained improvement in financial margins since mid-1990s,
                   successful resolution of litigated
dispute over solid waste.

    Hamilton County Public Building Corp., Ind., unlimited tax general
30,757   AA   AA-minus   S&P   Diverse tax and employment base
participating in Indianapolis
    obligation bonds               area economy, high
wealth and income levels, strong financial
                   operations.

    Highlands Ranch Metropolitan District No. 1, Colo., general obligation
17,435   A   A-minus   S&P   Substantial build-out of district, improved
taxpayer diversity,
    refunding bonds, Series 1997
lower debt levels, diminished importance of developer fees in
                   revenue stream.

    Highlands Ranch Metropolitan District No. 4, Colo., general obligation
12,025   A   BBB-plus   S&P   Substantial build-out of district,
improved taxpayer diversity,
    refunding bonds, Series 1998
lower debt levels, diminished importance of developer fees in
                   revenue stream.

    Hodgkins, Ohio, revenue bonds (Metropolitan Biosolids Management LLC)
53,400   BBB   A-minus   S&P   Continuing construction delays.

    Johnson, R.I., issuer credit rating   n.a.   BBB-plus   BBB-minus
S&P   Substantially improved financial position, low direct debt burden,
                   mature local economy, gradually
expanding tax base.

    Kittery, Maine, general obligation bonds, Series 1997   1,730   AA
AA-minus   S&P   Significant tax base growth, consistently strong
reserves through
                   current economic downturn.

    Michigan Public Power Agency, revenue bonds (Belle River Project)
310,000   AA   AA-minus   S&P   Exceptionally strong cash reserves
and participants' commit-
ment to maintain them.

    Michigan State Hospital Finance Authority, hospital revenue bonds,
437,220   A   A-plus   S&P   Diminished liquidity, lower cash flow
(despite improving opera-   Series 1992, 1993A & 1998A, and revenue
refunding bonds, Series 1993A               ting
results), thin debt-service coverage, high debt burden.
    (Oakwood Hospital Obligated Group)

    Muscatine, Iowa, electric revenue bonds, Series 1986 & 1999, and
revenue   154,255   A-minus   A   S&P   Decreasing liquidity, plans to draw
on reserves to provide start-
    refunding bonds, Series 1998A & 2001             up
funding for communications enterprise.

    Ohio Higher Educational Facilities Commission, revenue bonds, Series
15,000   Ba1   Baa3   Moody   Continuing deterioration in liquidity and
financial resources,
    1996 & 1999 (University of Findlay)
persistent operating deficits, limited flexibility to increase net
                   tuition in short term.

    Oxford (City), Ohio, general obligation bonds   3,700   Aa3   A1
Moody   Strong financial position, stable local economy, favorable
                   debt position.

    Palm Beach County School Board, Fla., certificates of participation
868,000   A1   A2   Moody   District's strong motivation to appropriate
due to essential
                   nature and high degree of asset-
backed projects in master
                   lease, requirement to appropriate
for all or none of district's
                   COPs, ability to utilize portion of
separate two-mill capital
                   outlay levy to repay lease
obligations.

    Palm Beach County School Board, Fla., general obligation bonds
126,700   Aa3   A1   Moody   Good financial position, manageable debt
burden and capital
                   program, broad-based service-
oriented economy.

    Richmond (City), Va., general obligation bonds   547,200   Aa3   A1
Moody   Active tax base, economic stability provided by presence of
                   state capital and universities,
improved financial operations,
                   strengthened debt position.

    Ridge Parc Development Corp., Tex., GNMA-collateralized housing revenue
15,420   A-plus   AAA   S&P   Similar rating of Bank Austria
Creditanstalt AG, provider of
    bonds, Series 2001 (Ridge Park Apartments)
investment agreement.

    Shelton, Conn., general obligation bonds   8,500   AA-minus   A-
plus   S&P   Improved financial performance, rapid amortization of debt,
                   strong and diverse economic base,
continued property value
                   growth, above-average wealth
indicators, low debt burden.

    Smithfield, N.C., general obligation bonds   3,500   A   A-minus   S&P
Ongoing economic development, steady growth in assessed
                   valuation, strengthened financial
position, per capita incomes
                   on par with national averages, low
debt burden.

    St. Vrain Valley School District No. RE-1J, Colo., issuer credit rating
n.a.   A-minus   A   S&P   Recent deterioration in financial position
due, in part, to growth-
                   related operational pressures.

    Washington State Housing Finance Commission, multifamily housing
4,970   AAA/A-1+   A-plus   S&P   Substitution of FNMA direct-pay
credit enhancement facility for
    revenue bonds, Series 1996 A&B (Brittany Park LLC)
U.S. Bank letter of credit.

    Willis Independent School District, Tex., general obligation bonds
52,000   A3   Baa1   Moody   Tax base growth, well-maintained financial
operations, high debt
                   burden made more manageable by
state aid support.

    Dollar amounts represent the amount of bonds outstanding in the issue.
Rating changes that result from the purchase of letters of credit or bond
insurance for issues in the secondary market are not included.

Copyright c 2002 Thomson Media. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.bondbuyer.com

SECTION: Pg. 33

LENGTH: 1549 words

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2002 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                              236 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 14, 2014 Monday
                         The New York Times on the Web

Despite Frustrating Week, McIlroy Meets His Diminished Goal

BYLINE: By KAREN CROUSE

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Sports Desk; ON PAR; Pg.

LENGTH: 608 words


AUGUSTA, Ga. -- At the start of the week, nothing short of a Masters victory
would do for Rory McIlroy, the former world No. 1 from Northern Ireland. After a
five-over-par 77 in the second round, he revised his goals, lowering the bar to
try to clear the top 15. That would beat his career best here, a tie for 15th in
2011, when McIlroy entered the final round with the lead.

He accomplished his diminished mission, closing with a 69 to finish at par 288
and share eighth with a group that included the 55-year-old Bernhard Langer,
McIlroy's elder by 31 years.

''It's been a frustrating week because I felt like from tee to green I played as
good as the leaders,'' McIlroy said, adding, ''I just need to take some more
chances that I've given myself on the greens.''

McIlroy, 24, had 125 putts, nine more than Langer.

McIlroy said he figured out a problem when he was on the sixth hole Sunday.
''The putter was aiming a little left of where I thought it was,'' he said. ''So
I was missing a lot of left-to-rights.''

The greens beat up McIlroy, but he left with as much affection for the course as
ever.

''I love playing it,'' he said. ''And I know I can do well here. It's just a
matter of making the most of my chances because I gave myself plenty of chances
here this week.''

To win here, McIlroy will have to play the par-5 holes in better than even, as
he did last week.

''If I could have played the par 5s better, it could have been a different
story,'' he said.

LIKE OLD TIMES Bernhard Langer, a two-time champion, started with a birdie and
an eagle and played the front nine in 33 strokes on his way to a closing 69.
Only twice in 22 other Sunday rounds here has Langer gone lower, in 1985 and in
1997. It was only the second time since 2005 that he had played here on the
weekend.

''I've been playing some very good golf the last eight or 10 years,'' Langer
said. ''So it's not that; it's just putting four good rounds together.''

Langer posted the second-lowest finish, behind Miguel Ángel Jiménez, among the
six players over 50 who made the cut. He said he did not find that at all
amazing.

''I think the guys stay in better shape, and they know that there's a great tour
with the Champions Tour waiting for them,'' Langer said. ''In their late 40s,
they don't kind of quit and say, 'I'm done.' They're actually maybe working
harder at it knowing they're going to have five or 10 years, maybe more, on the
Champions Tour.''

AN ERRATIC BUT FUN ROUND Among the more interesting pairings was Rickie Fowler,
25, and Miguel Ángel Jiménez, who is twice Fowler's age. The two seemed to enjoy
each other's company, smiling, slapping hands and applauding the other's shots.
But the pairing did not produce great golf.

Fowler and Jiménez combined to make seven birdies, but they also made seven
bogeys. Jiménez finished the tournament at four under par, and Fowler was one
under.

Another golfer with an up-and-down day was John Senden, a brief contender for
the title on Friday, who made five birdies, four bogeys and a double bogey,
finishing at par. BILL PENNINGTON

A VETERAN FIZZLES For the last five years, Fred Couples has appeared ageless
while making a run at the lead of the Masters, especially in the opening two
rounds. Periodically, the charge lasts through Saturday and into Sunday. There
always appears to be an expiration point to Couples's magic at the Masters.

On Sunday, the air seemed to go out of the balloon as soon as Couples made the
turn for the back nine. He bogeyed the 10th hole and double-bogeyed the 11th. He
birdied the 14th, but he double-bogeyed the 15th and bogeyed the 17th. In the
end, Couples finished at two over par. BILL PENNINGTON

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/04/14/sports/golf/despite-frustrating-week-rory-mcil
roy-meets-diminished-masters-goal.html

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              237 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 18, 2015 Wednesday

US Patent granted to Cisco Technology, Inc. (California) on March 17 titled as
"Nonlinear power state transitioning"

LENGTH: 193  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,982,757, on
March 17, 2015, to Cisco Technology, Inc. (California), titled as "Nonlinear
power state transitioning"

Inventors:  Kulkarni; Ajay (San Jose, CA)
Assignee:  Cisco Technology, Inc. (San Jose, CA)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "In
nonlinear power state transitioning, temporal intervals of inactivity in network
traffic traversing a network node are determined from transport control data
carried in the network traffic. An interrupt is generated that compels a deepest
diminished power state from a plurality of power states in the network node. The
deepest diminished power state is the deepest power state from which recovery to
a completely powered state within a minimum one of the inactivity intervals is
assured. Electrical energy consumption in the network node is reduced in
response to the interrupt in accordance with a power management schedule."

The patent was filed on March 7, 2013 Application no. 13/787,947

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              238 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           October 24, 2009 Saturday

School funding formula needs adjustments

BYLINE: By Sandy Packard

SECTION: OPINION; Columnists

LENGTH: 389 words


I would like to propose a more logical cut in education funding than cutting
funding to charter schools: Stop paying schools for not teaching.

Here's how it works now: The state allots money to districts on the basis of the
number of students enrolled in those districts. If a student attends school
part-time, that funding is diminished proportionately.

That is the general rule. However, the administrative code makes a number of
exceptions to the general rule. For example, funding is not diminished for
students who are released part-time for religious instruction, concurrent
enrollment, or attendance at applied technology schools (Utah Administrative
Code R277-419-4E).

These exceptions do not make sense financially. When students are not enrolled
for part of the day, the schools do not need money to pay for teachers during
that part of the day.

These exceptions also do not make sense ethically. They result in discriminatory
funding: Some schools receive more money than others for the same amount of
teaching.

Here's who gets hurt: elementary and middle school students, since all the
exceptions apply only to students in grades 9-12; rural students who may have
less access to applied technology colleges or institutions of higher learning;
high schools with fewer students enrolled in LDS seminary.

The latter is perhaps the most discriminatory effect of this rule, because of
the large numbers of students enrolled in LDS seminary throughout Utah.

Randy Merrill, superintendent of Provo School District, made the following
statement in a board meeting: "I do think we need to be careful for lots of
reasons. One is that the LDS seminary program is our biggest class-size
reduction fund. I mean, literally eight or nine teachers in each of our big high
schools -- and so we're quite motivated to have religious instruction."

Add to this scenario the fact that membership in the LDS Church may be somewhat
correlated with socio-economic status in Utah and you get reduced funding to
high-poverty schools.

I encourage legislators to cut education funding where it makes sense -- by
abolishing the exceptions to the part-time funding formula.

Not only will doing so make it easier to balance the budget, that action will
also result in more equitable funding for Utah schools.

Sandy Packard is a former member of the Provo School Board.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              239 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                          September 26, 2015 Saturday
                               Australian Edition

Yellen puts her case for rate rises to return

BYLINE: JON HILSENRATH BEN LEUBSDORF

SECTION: WSJ; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 803  words


Federal Reserve chairwoman Janet Yellen argued the case for raising short-term
interest rates later this year, effectively lobbing a warning to skittish
financial markets that last week's decision to keep rates near zero wasn't a
shift towards an interminable delay of lift-off.

Ms Yellen, setting out to build a case like a prosecutor giving a closing
argument, presented a 40-page speech in a cavernous auditorium at the University
of Massachusetts in Amherst. The speech included 40 academic citations, 35
footnotes, an appendix and nine graphs projected to an audience of about 1800
students and professors on a large screen.

The presentation was momentarily overshadowed when the 69-year-old Fed leader
faltered near the end of the 52-minute presentation, pausing, stumbling over
some words and coughing.

The Fed blamed Ms Yellen's stumble on feeling dehydrated after a long day and
long speech under bright lights.

She was seen by local emergency medical personnel and resumed her schedule,
including a work-related dinner on campus, a Fed spokeswoman said.

Central to the argument she set out to establish was a belief that slack in the
economy had diminished to a point where inflation pressures should gradually
start to build.

Ms Yellen argued those pressures weren't asserting themselves yet because a
strong dollar and falling oil and import prices were placing temporary downward
pressure on consumer prices. As those headwinds diminished, she predicted,
inflation would rise.

The Fed needed to get in front of this, she said, and prevent speculative forces
in financial markets that could lead to "inappropriate risk-taking that might
undermine financial stability".

"It will likely be appropriate to raise the target range of the federal funds
rate sometime later this year and to continue boosting short-term rates at a
gradual pace thereafter as the labour market improves further and inflation
moves back to our 2 per cent objective," Ms Yellen said.

The central bank has been warning for months that it expects to start raising
interest rates this year as officials see more labour-market improvement and
become confident inflation will rise towards their 2 per cent target across
time. The Fed cut its benchmark short-term rate, known as the federal funds
rate, to near zero in December 2008 and has held it there since to support the
economy.

Investors, however, have come to doubt the timing, especially after the Fed
decided last week not to act after weeks of build-up for a possible rate
increase this month.

In futures markets before the speech, traders placed a 35 per cent probability
on a Fed rate increase before year-end, according to the Chicago Mercantile
Exchange. Uncertainty about the Fed's plans has led to volatility in financial
markets, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average down 3.2 per cent since last
week's meeting.

"She made the case for why rates should start moving up soon. She hadn't done
that yet, and I believe investors will welcome the additional clarity," said
Roberto Perli, an analyst at research firm Cornerstone Macro.

The Fed's delay last week has already reverberated around the world, leading
many central banks to take a turn towards easier interest-rate policies.

This week, central banks in Norway, Taiwan and Ukraine lowered interest rates.
The central bank of India appears on track to cut rates, too.

Meanwhile, investors have piled into European bonds, anticipating the European
Central Bank will launch a new bond-purchase program to boost the eurozone
economy and inflation.

"It is very hard for most other central banks to operate independently of the
Fed, especially in emerging markets," David Hensley, an economist at JPMorgan,
said before Ms Yellen's speech. "By delaying lift-off, the Fed perhaps
unwittingly opened the door to easier monetary policy around the world for a
while." Ms Yellen's comments may now alter that calculus.

At their meeting last week, Fed officials emphasised the role that a strong
dollar and economic slowdown in emerging markets played in causing uncertainty
about the economic outlook and delaying a rate increase.

Ms Yellen emphasised the domestic economy and sought to look past headwinds from
abroad.

"Some slack remains in labour markets, and the effects of this slack and the
influence of lower energy prices and past dollar appreciation have been
significant factors keeping inflation below our goal," she said. "But I expect
that inflation will return to 2 per cent over the next few years as the
temporary factors weighing on inflation wane." Fed policies affect the economy
with a lag - households and businesses take time to make decisions about taking
out new loans or issuing bonds even after the Fed starts adjusting rates on
loans.If it waits too long, Ms Yellen said, the Fed might end up having to raise
rates abruptly.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              240 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           The Edmond Sun (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 5, 2013 Tuesday

Ammo still scarce 3 months after Sandyhook

BYLINE: Mark Schlachtenhaufen, The Edmond Sun, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 695 words


March 05--EDMOND -- John Hoffman Jr. was shooting a .22-caliber Magnum at the
Heartland Outdoors range. He comes to the north Edmond range about once a week.
When it comes to buying more ammunition at area retailers, pickin's have been
pretty slim lately, he said.

Cleo Land, a retired Edmond Police officer who works in sales for Heartland
Outdoors, said the store would love to sell more ammunition but is at the mercy
of manufacturers and distributors. Firearms also have been in high demand.

A variety of issues have combined to continue strong demand for ammunition in
the U.S. They include the results of the presidential election, rumors about the
federal government stockpiling bullets, issues raised by mass shootings like the
tragedy at an elementary school in Connecticut, apocalypse preppers and
political rhetoric about gun control.

Land said after the mass shooting in Connecticut, Heartland Outdoors' business
spiked. The company did about a year's worth of business in firearms including
pistols, AR 15s and ammunition in a couple of months, Land said.

Supplies are still somewhat diminished and it likely will take some time to get
back to normal levels, Land said. Meanwhile, he urged current customers and
future customers who continue to come in at higher-than-usual levels to be
patient.

Hall said initially supplies diminished at H&H Shooting Sports. Product is still
coming in but not at a high enough pace to meet customer demand, he said.
Manufacturers are doing all they can to keep up, Hall said. He was not sure when
supply will meet demand again.

Hall said in recent years there have been three "waves," periods of increased
customer traffic. The first two were in 1989 and 2010. The third began in August
2011, when customers wanted to protect their families and shoot recreationally.
Since the shooting at Sandyhook Elementary, this wave of demand has dwarfed the
other two and remains intense, Hall said.

Customer transactions continue to be more than double the normal rate, Hall
said.

Ken McNair, executive director of the Oklahoma Sheriff's Association, which
maintains an Edmond office, said the ammunition shortage is making it harder for
sheriffs who need to train for recertification.

Edmond resident Miles Hall, owner of H&H Shooting Sports at 400 S. Vermont Ave.
in Oklahoma City, said he could sell more ammunition if it were available.

Jenny Monroe, spokeswoman for the Edmond Police Department, said there have been
no issues to this point in obtaining enough ammunition for the agency's needs.
It is supplied by GT Distributors, Monroe said.

In January, CNNMoney reported Walmart was limiting ammunition sales to three
boxes per customer per day.

"Right now we're monitoring supply issues daily, since supply is limited at this
time," Walmart spokeswoman Ashley Hardie told CNN. "We're trying to take care of
as many customers as possible and we're working with suppliers to put products
back on shelves."

In February, President Barack Obama delivered the annual State of the Union
address to Congress. After speaking about issues including the economy, deficit
reduction, health care costs, reforming the tax code, job creation and education
the president turned to the topic of gun control.

Senators in both parties are working on tough new laws to prevent anyone from
buying guns to resale to criminals, Obama said. Obama mentioned the string of
recent shootings including those in Newtown, Conn., and Aurora, Colo., and said
victims' families deserve a vote.

In his response to the president's speech, National Rifle Association Executive
Vice President Wayne LaPierre said a year ago he began to warn America's gun
owners that if re-elected the president would begin dismantling the Second
Amendment.

"It's not about keeping our kids safe at school," LaPierre said. "That wasn't
even mentioned in the president's speech. They only care about their decades-old
gun control agenda -- ban every gun they can, tax every gun sold and register
every gun owner."

marks@edmondsun.com -- 341-2121, ext. 108

___ (c)2013 The Edmond Sun (Edmond, Okla.) Visit The Edmond Sun (Edmond, Okla.)
at www.edmondsun.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130305-EO-Ammo-still-scarce-3-months-after-Sandyhook-0305-20130305

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EO


                         Copyright 2013 The Edmond Sun


                              241 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               November 25, 1990, SUNDAY, LATE FIVE STAR Edition

WOMEN'S ROLE IS MORE THAN INCUBATOR

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 1080 words


Harriette Lane Baggett did a fantastic job of insulting all pre-1973 mothers in
her Nov. 18 Commentary article, ''A Place For Pragmatism.'' In her opinion,
mature women are seen as sub-human in a society that outlaws abortion and that
these women are essentially incubators that have been dehumanized by men.  My
wonderful ''incubator,'' whom I love and appreciate, taught me the beauty of
being a mother. As a mom of the '80s, I have felt awed to know that I have
played a part in creating and nurturing another human being. Ms.  Baggett, let's
stop spouting this worn-out, women's lib rhetoric and get back to the issue - an
abortion kills a living human being.  Donna Dwyer Columbia, Mo.  In Harriette
Lane Baggett's Nov. 18 Commentary article, she misstated the nature of the
teachings of the Catholic Church. Because she referred to me in her statement, I
would like to set the record straight.  The Catholic Church teaches the truth in
two different ways. First of all it proposes for belief truths that cannot be
grasped by human reason. These are called revealed or defined truths. In this
manner, the Catholic Church teaches that Jesus Christ is Lord and Savior of all.
Second, the Catholic Church proposes for belief truths that can be grasped by
human reason. These are called moral or pastoral truths. In this manner, the
Church teaches that rape, murder and abortion, when directly intended, are
morally wrong because they violate basic human goods. When the bishops of the
church consistently propose something for belief through this latter form of
teaching, they rightfully state that all who profess to be Catholic should
accept this teaching with ''submission of mind and heart.'' True, an act of
rape, murder or abortion may be performed without sufficient knowledge of its
evil nature or without sufficient freedom. In such cases, the moral
responsibility of the agent may be diminished. For this reason, the moral guilt
of others should not be judged because we do not know what transpires in their
minds. But the fact that moral responsibility is diminished does not imply that
the act in question is morally good. The act itself remains evil.  Moreover, an
act of diminished responsibility remains seriously harmful to the person upon
whom the act is inflicted.  Actions such as rape, murder and abortion are social
evils as well as personal evils. Hence, an effort should be made by people who
accept the teaching of the church to limit and eliminate these social evils
through public policy.  What strategy to follow when combating these social
evils by means of public policy is open to discussion. But when combating these
evils, the followers of Christ must never violate charity, which is the supreme
law of committed Christians.  The Rev. Kevin O'Rourke Director Center for Health
Care Ethics St. Louis University Medical Center St. Louis It was with both
sadness and disgust that I read Harriette Lane Baggett's Nov. 18 Commentary
article. Another Commentary article that day by Edward O'Donnell was a factual
appraisal of a difficult situation in which he acknowledges deep conviction on
both sides of the abortion issue. Baggett's article begins, by way of contrast,
with a diatribic reference to murky, seductive, anti-choice logic, and takes off
in bitterness and angry denunciation from there.  Not only does Baggett proceed
to blame men, society and church for all of women's ills, everything from
non-ordination to the priesthood to resentment to being considered an incubator
rather than a thinker and chooser to being seduced by twisted moral values of
long standing in the Catholic Church, but she also presents obvious
contradiction of facts, such as her statement that the more intolerant of
abortion a society is, the more abortions are performed, legally or illegally,
which is false, as the rise by the millions of abortions in this country since
legalization will attest.  Baggett and her ilk add only bitterness and division
in an area where cool mature heads must prevail.  Jacqueline Dougherty St.
Charles

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              242 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           September 18, 2001 Tuesday
                                  Late Edition

The spymasters' dilemma;
INTELLIGENCE

BYLINE: NATHAN COCHRANE

SECTION: COMPUTERS; It Professional; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 999 words


THE attacks on the United States World Trade Centre and the Pentagon tragically
illustrate the importance of knowing your enemy's next move.

Not even the National Security Agency's $14 billion annual budget, which dwarfs
that of its better-known cousin the CIA, was enough to predict the catastrophe.

The NSA headquarters, known as "Crypto City", located in the US state of
Maryland just outside Washington DC, houses the premier intelligence gathering
and code-breaking operation in the world. It is so secret that insiders say NSA
means "No Such Agency" or "Never Say Anything". Its duty is to uncover terrorist
plots by intercepting their transmissions and breaking the codes they use to
scramble them.

Each day 38,000 mathematicians, linguists, code breakers and computer
specialists form a geek conga line to the NSA complex, hidden behind cement
barriers and barbed wire, protected by armed commandos known as the "men in
black".

A new book by US journalist James Bamford, Body of Secrets, dissects the NSA and
offers an insight into its role in identifying terrorist risks.

In the book, Bamford writes that technology has outpaced the NSA's ability to
corral, transfer, store and analyse information, leaving the US vulnerable.

While signals intelligence - remote eavesdropping of communications, known as
"sigint" - has grown in stature, human intelligence, or "humint", as practised
by the CIA and personified by the fictional character of James Bond, has
diminished.

Today the CIA is diminished in its ability to collect humint, Bamford writes. In
the hours following the attacks in New York and Washington, policy makers and
former CIA spymasters urged greater emphasis on this neglected field.

"The agency that once blazed the trail in computer science, going where the
private sector feared to go or could not afford to go, was now holding on to
technology's tail for dear life," Bamford writes.

He quotes 13-year CIA veteran John Millis, who died last year, as saying:
"Signals intelligence (sigint) is in a crisis."

He adds: "Sigint has been and continues to be the `int' of choice for the policy
maker and the military commander.

"They spend about four or five times as much on it as they do on clandestine
collection.

"In the past, technology has been the friend of NSA, but in the last four or
five years technology has moved from being the friend to being the enemy of
sigint."

The possibility exists that terrorist communications were intercepted in the
lead-up to the assault and even now lie in the bowels of the NSA's computer
centre awaiting analysis.

Australia, along with Britain and New Zealand, contributes resources to Echelon,
a global eavesdropping effort that was the subject of a report published by the
European Parliament last week.

Pine Gap, in the Northern Territory, and Geraldton, on the North-West coast of
Western Australia, provide intercepted intelligence to the West's security
forces, some of which passes through the Australian Army's Defence Signals
Directorate (DSD) at Victoria Barracks in Melbourne's St Kilda Road, Bamford
writes.

This information is distributed to the NSA's world-wide "customers" via a secure
intranet modelled on the Internet, called Intelink.

"(The) NSA's near-bottomless computer storage system, capable of storing
fivetrillion pages of text, (would be) a stack of paper 150 miles high," Bamford
writes.

But even if the NSA has the intercepted communications, it can now only offer
information to the US armed forces. And even then it may be some time before
they are analysed.

"Even if the avalanche of signals could successfully be diverted back to Fort
Meade, there would never be enough people to process it," Bamford writes.

"Our tools are coming along OK to help process and reduce the backlog, but
there's still a huge requirement for human beings at the end of the day to
figure out what's important, and that boils down to language work and IA
(intelligence analysis) work," Bamford quotes NSA senior official Terry Thompson
as saying.

"The answer is using powerful computers to filter as much intercepted
information as possible at... the point of interception."

The NSA has invested heavily in new search engines using a technique called
"semantic forests", which enables an analyst to simultaneously see the "wood and
the trees". It creates a weighted "tree" of meanings from each telephone
conversation, e-mail or fax, sifting for desired search criteria more
accurately. The NSA is also improving machine translation and speech recognition
to speed up the process, freeing analysts to do other work.

The NSA suspects that communications that were once carried through the air - by
radio, microwave and satellite - are now travelling on scrambled broadband
optical fibre cables under the ground and at the bottom of the sea. Bamford
writes that a $US887million ($A1.7billion) spy submarine specially equipped to
tap these cables, the USS Jimmy Carter, won't be completed before 2004.

The computers, or routers, that shift information around the Internet, are a
special concern to the NSA.

Bamford writes that the NSA hired a senior engineer from one of the leading
network equipment makers, Cisco Systems, so it could better understand how to
tap these devices.

A clear indication of who the NSA would blame for the attack on the World Trade
Centre and the Pentagon comes on page 410 of the book.

"According to information obtained for Body of Secrets, NSA regularly listens to
unencrypted calls from suspected terrorist Osama bin Laden, in hiding in
Afghanistan," Bamford writes.

"Bin Laden uses a portable INMARSAT (satellite) phone that transmits and
receives calls over spacecraft owned by the International Maritime Satellite
Organisation.

"According to intelligence officials, bin Laden is aware that the United States
can eavesdrop on his international communications but he does not seem to care.
To impress cleared visitors, NSA analysts occasionally play audiotapes of bin
Laden talking to his mother over an INMARSAT connection."

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Two photos: Safe crackers: Victoria Barracks in St Kilda Road, left,
and the book that takes a long look at the National Security Agency, below.
Pictures: JOHN WOUDSTRA and KYLIE HOLMES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2001 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              243 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                           October 7, 2009 Wednesday

For Torre, different setting but familiar result;
Baseball

BYLINE: BILLY WITZ

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 801 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


Adjacent to a clubhouse where Bob Marley's ''Redemption Song'' pulsated and
grown men in ski goggles, swim goggles and scuba masks drank and doused one
another with beer and Champagne, a more serene acknowledgment of the Dodgers'
National League West Division championship took place.

Inside the office of the manager, Joe Torre, which is large enough for a desk, a
sofa and a few friends and family members, the host poured Champagne into glass
flutes that had been passed around the crowded room. They celebrated with a
toast and firm embraces.

It was the celebration of someone who had been there before, which, of course,
Torre had, many times. After taking the New York Yankees to the playoffs in each
of his 12 seasons as their manager, he has led the Dodgers to the postseason in
his two years in Los Angeles. The 14 consecutive playoff appearances equal the
record set by Atlanta's manager, Bobby Cox. Just as impressive is that only two
of those 14 Torre clubs made it to the postseason as a wild card.

For Torre, there was a connoisseur's appreciation of a six-month grind and a
grueling final week in which the Dodgers, who were assured of a playoff berth,
needed seven days to win the game that clinched the division title.

If Torre's work was ultimately taken for granted in New York, or diminished
because he did not win a World Series in his final seven seasons, that has not
happened in Los Angeles, where the team's $100 million payroll to start the
season was baseball's ninth highest, or less than half of the Yankees'.

The Dodgers led the division from April 15, but they had to make do with a
suspended, then diminished, Manny Ramirez; endured three injuries to their
opening-day starter, Hiroki Kuroda; coped with an inconsistent offense; and had
to repel late-season charges by the San Francisco Giants and the Colorado
Rockies.

''They're the familiar fingerprints of being very, very steady,'' Frank McCourt,
the Dodgers' owner, said of Torre's influence. ''For us, this was a very
up-and-down season, and Joe provides a certain leveling ingredient that prevents
the team from getting too carried away in one direction or the other.''

The Dodgers, who do not have as strong a veteran presence in the clubhouse as
Torre's Yankees did, have many more meetings than Torre called in New York. But
he has kept the atmosphere light enough for young players like outfielders Matt
Kemp and Andre Ethier to develop into budding stars.

''The one thing that separates Joe from everybody else is he knows how to defuse
a bomb before it goes off,'' said Doug Mientkiewicz, a backup Dodgers first
baseman who played with the Yankees in 2007. ''Whenever you see a team not
playing well, or he sees something happen that he doesn't like, he gets it right
there before it gets out of hand.

''You know when he's not happy.''

There was no sign of unhappiness late Saturday night when Ethier collected the
final out of the Dodgers' division-clinching win as they defeated Colorado, 5-0,
at Dodger Stadium. The Dodgers dashed toward the center of the diamond to
celebrate, but Torre did not stay long. In his familiar deliberate gait, he made
his way toward the seats behind home plate, striding no more rapidly than if he
were heading out to make a pitching change.

Torre leaned over the railing to hug his wife, Ali, and place a cap on his
daughter Andrea's head. It was a touching moment, but also one that gave some
dimension to Torre's streak. Andrea is 13, meaning her father's participation in
the playoffs is as perfunctory a part of autumn to her as dressing up for
Halloween.

Setting the cap, which commemorated the division title, on her head was a
gesture of affection from Torre, who said moving to Los Angeles has been
difficult for his daughter. Last season she wore Yankees caps and shirts to the
games.

''I never stopped her because she's very resentful of the fact that we left New
York, which was the only home she'd ever known,'' Torre said.

''I think this summer she came to most of the home games. She's wearing an Andre
Ethier shirt. She's a big fan now. She's at an age where she really understands
it and all the pressure that goes with it.''

That did not mean his daughter was any more comforting than the friends who
phoned and texted Torre over the last week wanting to know when his team would
clinch.

After beating Pittsburgh the previous Saturday to nail down a playoff berth, the
Dodgers lost five in a row while the Rockies won five in a row, leaving open the
possibility that Colorado would snatch the title and leave the Dodgers to open
the playoffs on the road as the wild-card team.

When Torre phoned Andrea from the road, where the Dodgers struggled to beat
Pittsburgh and San Diego, he told her maybe the team was just waiting to clinch
at home.

''She said, 'I hope not,''' Torre said.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              244 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                           October 7, 2009 Wednesday

For Torre, different setting but familiar result;
Baseball

BYLINE: BILLY WITZ

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 801 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


Adjacent to a clubhouse where Bob Marley's ''Redemption Song'' pulsated and
grown men in ski goggles, swim goggles and scuba masks drank and doused one
another with beer and Champagne, a more serene acknowledgment of the Dodgers'
National League West Division championship took place.

Inside the office of the manager, Joe Torre, which is large enough for a desk, a
sofa and a few friends and family members, the host poured Champagne into glass
flutes that had been passed around the crowded room. They celebrated with a
toast and firm embraces.

It was the celebration of someone who had been there before, which, of course,
Torre had, many times. After taking the New York Yankees to the playoffs in each
of his 12 seasons as their manager, he has led the Dodgers to the postseason in
his two years in Los Angeles. The 14 consecutive playoff appearances equal the
record set by Atlanta's manager, Bobby Cox. Just as impressive is that only two
of those 14 Torre clubs made it to the postseason as a wild card.

For Torre, there was a connoisseur's appreciation of a six-month grind and a
grueling final week in which the Dodgers, who were assured of a playoff berth,
needed seven days to win the game that clinched the division title.

If Torre's work was ultimately taken for granted in New York, or diminished
because he did not win a World Series in his final seven seasons, that has not
happened in Los Angeles, where the team's $100 million payroll to start the
season was baseball's ninth highest, or less than half of the Yankees'.

The Dodgers led the division from April 15, but they had to make do with a
suspended, then diminished, Manny Ramirez; endured three injuries to their
opening-day starter, Hiroki Kuroda; coped with an inconsistent offense; and had
to repel late-season charges by the San Francisco Giants and the Colorado
Rockies.

''They're the familiar fingerprints of being very, very steady,'' Frank McCourt,
the Dodgers' owner, said of Torre's influence. ''For us, this was a very
up-and-down season, and Joe provides a certain leveling ingredient that prevents
the team from getting too carried away in one direction or the other.''

The Dodgers, who do not have as strong a veteran presence in the clubhouse as
Torre's Yankees did, have many more meetings than Torre called in New York. But
he has kept the atmosphere light enough for young players like outfielders Matt
Kemp and Andre Ethier to develop into budding stars.

''The one thing that separates Joe from everybody else is he knows how to defuse
a bomb before it goes off,'' said Doug Mientkiewicz, a backup Dodgers first
baseman who played with the Yankees in 2007. ''Whenever you see a team not
playing well, or he sees something happen that he doesn't like, he gets it right
there before it gets out of hand.

''You know when he's not happy.''

There was no sign of unhappiness late Saturday night when Ethier collected the
final out of the Dodgers' division-clinching win as they defeated Colorado, 5-0,
at Dodger Stadium. The Dodgers dashed toward the center of the diamond to
celebrate, but Torre did not stay long. In his familiar deliberate gait, he made
his way toward the seats behind home plate, striding no more rapidly than if he
were heading out to make a pitching change.

Torre leaned over the railing to hug his wife, Ali, and place a cap on his
daughter Andrea's head. It was a touching moment, but also one that gave some
dimension to Torre's streak. Andrea is 13, meaning her father's participation in
the playoffs is as perfunctory a part of autumn to her as dressing up for
Halloween.

Setting the cap, which commemorated the division title, on her head was a
gesture of affection from Torre, who said moving to Los Angeles has been
difficult for his daughter. Last season she wore Yankees caps and shirts to the
games.

''I never stopped her because she's very resentful of the fact that we left New
York, which was the only home she'd ever known,'' Torre said.

''I think this summer she came to most of the home games. She's wearing an Andre
Ethier shirt. She's a big fan now. She's at an age where she really understands
it and all the pressure that goes with it.''

That did not mean his daughter was any more comforting than the friends who
phoned and texted Torre over the last week wanting to know when his team would
clinch.

After beating Pittsburgh the previous Saturday to nail down a playoff berth, the
Dodgers lost five in a row while the Rockies won five in a row, leaving open the
possibility that Colorado would snatch the title and leave the Dodgers to open
the playoffs on the road as the wild-card team.

When Torre phoned Andrea from the road, where the Dodgers struggled to beat
Pittsburgh and San Diego, he told her maybe the team was just waiting to clinch
at home.

''She said, 'I hope not,''' Torre said.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              245 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             August 12, 2007 Sunday
                    F1 Edition; F2 Edition; McHenry Edition

17 years later, red lights still flashing over same sad story

BYLINE: Chris Bailey

SECTION: NEWS; Fox Valley columnist; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 579 words


We spent the final moments of my husband's 40th birthday party sitting on our
back deck, watching red police and ambulance lights flash in Lords Park a
half-block away. A 17-year old was dying, shot by a 16-year-old in a gang
dispute.

Seventeen years later, gang problems in Elgin now are nothing like they were
back then. After a decade of effort, the power of gangs was diminished. Never
broken entirely, mind you, but significantly diminished. We still live in the
same house near Lords Park. Crime in the city is way down from those days and
trouble in the park is rare. Until last week, Elgin hadn't recorded a murder at
all this year. Amazing.

And yet I felt a sense of deja vu last week, a sense that this is a war we never
really win, but one that moves in endless waves, engulfing us every now and
then.

The Lords Park victim was Rogelio Martinez Jr. I had thought I'd never forget
his name. But I had to visit the library's microfilm section in order to recall
it, and the details of the dispute. It involved a tire iron, self-defense and
payback between rival gangs. But the stories have been so many and so similar
over the years that the names run together now.

Young men continue to kill other young men over the tilt of their cap and the
color of their clothes. It appears they've done so twice again, in Elgin and in
Carpentersville.

Police are still searching for suspects in the deaths of Julian Muscote, 18, and
Francisco Franco, 21, who were gunned down in the city's original historic
district and just blocks from Elgin Academy and the Old Main historical museum.
Police say the shootings are gang-related. In Carpentersville, 17-year-old Henry
L. Black faces first-degree murder charges in the fatal shooting of Aaron Razo,
also 17, near Golfview School. Police say the shooting was payback for a dispute
between their rival gangs earlier in the day.

Three young men are dead. Three funerals. Three others injured. Another life
likely lost to incarceration. Shooters still on the loose.

And still the tales of how we come to these bloody ends never change much. Only
the names change. Relatives tell us the dead kids or the shooters are good kids
with dreams of their own. Razo, his family said, loved the White Sox and wanted
to be a graphic designer/car detailer.

Often relatives deny the young people were or are involved with gangs - all the
way to their funerals. Razo's stepmother, Patricia, said the family moved from
Chicago and another suburb to get away from gangs. I've heard similar stories
related by relatives of dead or arrested gang members ever since I came to Elgin
more than two decades ago.

What they did, of course, was to bring street gangs to the suburbs. Many
youngsters never gave up the gang life when they moved, they just established
suburban versions of those gangs or became the newest recruits. And their
families too often believed the move solved everything, that their attention to
the matter was no longer required. After the bodies are removed, they often beg
somebody, anybody to do something.

"The community needs to get together and clean this up," said Razo. "This gang
stuff is just so much nonsense."

But there she's wrong. This gang stuff is absolutely lethal.

"I lost my son," said Razo. "The mother of the guy in custody lost her son. Both
lives are wasted for absolutely nothing."

But red lights continue to flash and different mothers cry. Always after the
fact.

And the wave of death moves on.

Cbailey@dailyherald.com

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              246 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           August 28, 2002 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Baseball Boxing Itself Into Oblivion

BYLINE: Michael Wilbon

SECTION: SPORTS; MICHAEL WILBON; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 963 words


My two professional idols, the late Shirley Povich and Sam Lacy, spent the first
40 years of their sportswriting careers covering baseball, boxing and horse
racing more than anything else. Those were the big three American sports for the
first 60 years of the 20th century. Of course, horse racing and boxing are
terribly diminished at the start of a new century; each commands national
interest only for three or four weekends each year. It's unfathomable that major
league baseball, once the national sporting obsession, could by its own hand
descend into diminished capacity as well. But the owners and players are doing
their best to make it so, aren't they?

Once again, they're playing a treacherous game of chicken. Although neither side
appears to have the stomach for it, they're apparently prepared to play through,
nonetheless. Todd Pratt, the journeyman catcher for the Philadelphia Phillies
who makes approximately $ 600,000 a year and has made some $ 3 million over his
career as mostly a backup, told the Philadelphia Inquirer, "I'm just sick to my
stomach about this. . . . I can't believe that both sides can't figure this
thing out. It's a joke."

But the consequences may not be. Baseball still operates as if it were the Big
Dog on the sporting landscape, as if it were the national pastime when anybody
with competent vision sees that pro football is the sport that grips America.
Baseball is two days from yet another work stoppage at a time when college
football is just beginning, when the NFL is preparing to open its season, when
NHL and NBA preseasons aren't far off, when something Povich and Lacy couldn't
have dreamed of called the X Games draw more interest from 18-year-old males
than baseball.

This whole season has been played under the cloud of negotiations and the threat
of a strike. At a time when Randy Johnson and Curt Schilling are having perhaps
the greatest tag-team season ever, when the single-season home run champion is
threatening to win the batting title, when there is a thrilling playoff race
between Anaheim, Oakland and Seattle, 90 percent of the attention surrounding
baseball is off the field.

In 1994, when baseball's last work stoppage forced cancellation of the World
Series, folks were angry at the game, which at least confirmed they still cared.
Folks said they wouldn't come back, but of course, they eventually did. This
time, I sense people will be disgusted with baseball, somewhat ashamed they
crawled back to it in the mid-1990s. My feeling is another long work stoppage,
particularly one that might cancel postseason play again, would anger two
entities that matter more than the fans: television and corporate sponsorship.
The Post's Leonard Shapiro reported yesterday that Fox will receive a $ 300
million rebate if the postseason is wiped out. Suppose Fox, and the other
competing networks, decide to take a pass on baseball in the next round of TV
contract negotiations because it simply isn't the product it once was or
promised to be. Think that's so far-fetched? In Italy, the start of the beloved
professional soccer season has been pushed back by two weeks because the
national TV networks are struggling mightily to stay out of bankruptcy and
simply won't, or can't, guarantee their lucrative deals with the country's
league.

Personally, I grew disgusted with baseball in '94. I became a sportswriter so
that I could cover baseball, but now I go once a year, if that, a luxury I can
get away with living in metropolitan Washington. My colleagues laugh because on
virtually every reference to the game, I refer to it as "stupid baseball." It's
the only game whose caretakers over the last 20 years have been so dumb as to
leave the most lucrative available market, D.C., untapped. It's really the
owners who behave stupidly while the players, collectively, are simply arrogant
and oblivious when it comes to compensation and what constitutes being
handsomely rewarded. If it weren't for the concessionaires and vendors and
mid-level professionals who stand to lose significant chunks of their salaries,
if not their jobs, if only the owners and players stood to be hurt, I swear I
wish they'd shut the game down and come back in a year to find eight bankrupt
franchises and former TV partners who'd gone on to other programming.

It could come to that. If the players indeed walk, the small majority of hawkish
owners will make gains with the moderates among the owners and they all (except
George Steinbrenner) may get to be in a fighting mood. In '94, when the owners
felt negotiations had reached an impasse and took their case to a National Labor
Relations Board controlled by Democratic appointees, they lost a 3-2 decision.
This time around, owners may be emboldened by their close loss in '94 and the
fact that the board now is dominated by Republican appointees.

But I can't see it going that far. If the players do walk, it should be a short
strike. There appear to be too many players like Pratt who have no stomach for a
long strike. And if they settle in a week or less, Commissioner Bud Selig can
claim, legitimately, that the owners all along wanted four things and got them:
steroid testing, a worldwide draft, increased revenue sharing and some form of a
luxury tax. The question then would be whether the billionaires and millionaires
could live with that and each other.

It's a busier, more crammed world of sports and entertainment today than the one
baseball held captive for more than 60 years. The other players, from sports
leagues to the movies and music industries, have come to understand that and do
whatever is necessary to hold onto their shrinking piece of the pie. Baseball,
its chest puffed out and nose in the air, seems not to notice that nothing lasts
forever.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                              247 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            April 16, 2015 Thursday

Oil price jumps nearly 6 percent Wednesday

BYLINE: By Adam Wilmoth Energy Editor

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 525 words


The price of oil surged more than $3, or about 6 percent, on Wednesday, led by
slowing production and a report that the country's storage levels filled more
slowly than expected this week.Local oil industry leaders praised the rising oil
price, but didn't put too much stock in the bullish growth."These markets are
pretty volatile," said Chad Warmington, president of the Oklahoma Oil and Gas
Association. "You get an inventory report one day, and that's offset by another
report the next day. That's just the point in time we're in now where there will
be a lot of volatility."Uncertainty is never good for business, he said."Until
the volatility settles out, I think you'll continue to see hesitancy and a
restriction on new wells and the expansion of capital dollars in Oklahoma,"
Warmington said.Price remains downDespite gains over the past two weeks, the
price of oil still is just more than half of where it was one year ago."The key
is that the oil and gas renaissance we've seen over the past four to five years
has changed how the oil and gas business is done," said Cody Bannister,
spokesman for the Oklahoma Independent Petroleum Association.

"These are large, capital-intensive resource plays where wells can cost $8
million to $10 million. At today's market prices, it doesn't make a lot of those
wells economically feasible. But if prices continue to incrementally increase
like we've seen over the past couple of weeks, you could see some companies in
resource plays start examining where the sweet spot is, where they can realize
the best profit margin. You may see some activity begin there."Domestic
benchmark West Texas Intermediate crude - which is priced in Cushing - gained
$3.10, or 5.8 percent, Wednesday to close at $56.39 a barrel. The price has
increased for five straight days and is at its highest level since Dec. 23,
2014.Wednesday's price jump followed a report from the U.S. Energy Information
Administration that showed the country's storage facilities filling by 1.3
million barrels for the week ending April 10. The storage gain was smaller than
analyst expectations of about 3.5 million barrels and much lower than the 10.9
million added in the previous week and the 4.8 million in the shortened Easter
week.The storage gain was smaller than expected both because refinery input
increased and because domestic oil production grew slower than in previous
weeks.Slowing production is not particularly good news for Oklahoma or its
producers, Warmington said."There seems to be an abatement of concern of how
much capacity is left. Unfortunately, I think that is due to declining
production," he said. "When capital is restricted in oil and gas drilling, it
touches all parts of the economy - production taxes are diminished, sales taxes
are diminished and payroll taxes are diminished."Growing demand, however, could
help both consumers and producers, Bannister said."Lower gasoline prices for
consumers are going to encourage increased use of gasoline," he said. "Maybe
families will take driving trips they didn't before. We will see increased
demand because of that. That will help take down those stockpiles."

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              248 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            April 15, 2015 Wednesday

Oil price jumps nearly 6 percent Wednesday

BYLINE: By Adam Wilmoth, Energy Editor

SECTION:

LENGTH: 525 words


The price of oil surged more than $3, or about 6 percent, on Wednesday, led by
slowing production and a report that the country's storage levels filled more
slowly than expected this week.Local oil industry leaders praised the rising oil
price, but didn't put too much stock in the bullish growth."These markets are
pretty volatile," said Chad Warmington, president of the Oklahoma Oil and Gas
Association. "You get an inventory report one day, and that's offset by another
report the next day. That's just the point in time we're in now where there will
be a lot of volatility."Uncertainty is never good for business, he said."Until
the volatility settles out, I think you'll continue to see hesitancy and a
restriction on new wells and the expansion of capital dollars in Oklahoma,"
Warmington said.Price remains downDespite gains over the past two weeks, the
price of oil still is just more than half of where it was one year ago."The key
is that the oil and gas renaissance we've seen over the past four to five years
has changed how the oil and gas business is done," said Cody Bannister,
spokesman for the Oklahoma Independent Petroleum Association.

"These are large, capital-intensive resource plays where wells can cost $8
million to $10 million. At today's market prices, it doesn't make a lot of those
wells economically feasible. But if prices continue to incrementally increase
like we've seen over the past couple of weeks, you could see some companies in
resource plays start examining where the sweet spot is, where they can realize
the best profit margin. You may see some activity begin there."Domestic
benchmark West Texas Intermediate crude - which is priced in Cushing - gained
$3.10, or 5.8 percent, Wednesday to close at $56.39 a barrel. The price has
increased for five straight days and is at its highest level since Dec. 23,
2014.Wednesday's price jump followed a report from the U.S. Energy Information
Administration that showed the country's storage facilities filling by 1.3
million barrels for the week ending April 10. The storage gain was smaller than
analyst expectations of about 3.5 million barrels and much lower than the 10.9
million added in the previous week and the 4.8 million in the shortened Easter
week.The storage gain was smaller than expected both because refinery input
increased and because domestic oil production grew slower than in previous
weeks.Slowing production is not particularly good news for Oklahoma or its
producers, Warmington said."There seems to be an abatement of concern of how
much capacity is left. Unfortunately, I think that is due to declining
production," he said. "When capital is restricted in oil and gas drilling, it
touches all parts of the economy - production taxes are diminished, sales taxes
are diminished and payroll taxes are diminished."Growing demand, however, could
help both consumers and producers, Bannister said."Lower gasoline prices for
consumers are going to encourage increased use of gasoline," he said. "Maybe
families will take driving trips they didn't before. We will see increased
demand because of that. That will help take down those stockpiles."

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              249 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            April 15, 2015 Wednesday

Oil price jumps nearly 6 percent Wednesday

BYLINE: By Adam Wilmoth, Energy Editor

SECTION:

LENGTH: 525 words


The price of oil surged more than $3, or about 6 percent, on Wednesday, led by
slowing production and a report that the country's storage levels filled more
slowly than expected this week.Local oil industry leaders praised the rising oil
price, but didn't put too much stock in the bullish growth."These markets are
pretty volatile," said Chad Warmington, president of the Oklahoma Oil and Gas
Association. "You get an inventory report one day, and that's offset by another
report the next day. That's just the point in time we're in now where there will
be a lot of volatility."Uncertainty is never good for business, he said."Until
the volatility settles out, I think you'll continue to see hesitancy and a
restriction on new wells and the expansion of capital dollars in Oklahoma,"
Warmington said.Price remains downDespite gains over the past two weeks, the
price of oil still is just more than half of where it was one year ago."The key
is that the oil and gas renaissance we've seen over the past four to five years
has changed how the oil and gas business is done," said Cody Bannister,
spokesman for the Oklahoma Independent Petroleum Association.

"These are large, capital-intensive resource plays where wells can cost $8
million to $10 million. At today's market prices, it doesn't make a lot of those
wells economically feasible. But if prices continue to incrementally increase
like we've seen over the past couple of weeks, you could see some companies in
resource plays start examining where the sweet spot is, where they can realize
the best profit margin. You may see some activity begin there."Domestic
benchmark West Texas Intermediate crude - which is priced in Cushing - gained
$3.10, or 5.8 percent, Wednesday to close at $56.39 a barrel. The price has
increased for five straight days and is at its highest level since Dec. 23,
2014.Wednesday's price jump followed a report from the U.S. Energy Information
Administration that showed the country's storage facilities filling by 1.3
million barrels for the week ending April 10. The storage gain was smaller than
analyst expectations of about 3.5 million barrels and much lower than the 10.9
million added in the previous week and the 4.8 million in the shortened Easter
week.The storage gain was smaller than expected both because refinery input
increased and because domestic oil production grew slower than in previous
weeks.Slowing production is not particularly good news for Oklahoma or its
producers, Warmington said."There seems to be an abatement of concern of how
much capacity is left. Unfortunately, I think that is due to declining
production," he said. "When capital is restricted in oil and gas drilling, it
touches all parts of the economy - production taxes are diminished, sales taxes
are diminished and payroll taxes are diminished."Growing demand, however, could
help both consumers and producers, Bannister said."Lower gasoline prices for
consumers are going to encourage increased use of gasoline," he said. "Maybe
families will take driving trips they didn't before. We will see increased
demand because of that. That will help take down those stockpiles."

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              250 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 9, 2013 Tuesday
                                Suburban Edition

Diplomatic channel seen as losing luster

BYLINE: Colum Lynch

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A08

LENGTH: 1030 words

DATELINE: UNITED NATIONS


UNITED NATIONS - Han Song Ryol, the North Korean diplomat who serves as the
principal liaison between Washington and Pyongyang, has spent the better part of
the past two decades exploring the prospects for a normalized relationship
between his country and the United States.

From his perch at the North Korean mission to the United Nations on Manhattan's
East Side, Han oversees Pyongyang's end of the New York channel, a diplomatic
conduit that was established in the early 1990s and that, in a more hopeful era,
paved the way for the first visit by a high-ranking North Korean official to
Washington.

But the importance of the New York channel has been noticeably diminished over
the years, according to diplomats. Today, with the United States and North Korea
at a standoff and the threat of a fourth nuclear test by the North looming,
Han's channel has been reduced to a diplomatic P.O. box that passes occasional
messages between capitals and arranges travel for VIP visits to Pyongyang.

The shift, diplomats and others say, underscores the radicalization of North
Korea's foreign policy and a growing pessimism that relations can be improved.

"These people in New York are not authorized to say anything or do anything -
they don't have the authority to deviate from specific instructions," said Han
Park, a professor at the University of Georgia with long-standing ties to the
North Korean government.

The diminished status of the New York channel also speaks to the waning
influence of the North Korean Foreign Ministry, which oversees the conduit, in
shaping the country's relationship with the United States. For its part, the
Obama administration has shown little interest in cultivating the channel more
assiduously, on the grounds that Han Song Ryol and his colleagues have little
influence back home and little authority to advance relations, diplomats and
former U.S. officials said.

In the absence of a more substantive diplomatic channel, tensions between North
Korea and the United States have mounted in recent weeks, with Pyongyang issuing
a series of increasingly provocative threats. To persuade North Korea to change
course, the United States has relied on economic pressure, including a new round
of U.N. sanctions, and hopes China can use its leverage to convince Pyongyang
that it should stand down.

Some North Korea watchers say the New York channel remains important,
particularly at a time when the North, which recently severed its few lines of
communication with the South, has moved to further isolate itself.

"It serves only as a communications channel, although messages can be and have
been sent between the highest levels of the two governments," said Kun A. "Tony"
Namkung, who maintains close contacts with the mission and who helped arrange
recent visits to Pyongyang by former New Mexico governor Bill Richardson and
Google chief executive Eric Schmidt.

"It remains wide open and is in good shape. Given the recent cutting off of the
military hotline at the DMZ, its importance has actually increased," he added,
referring to the demilitarized zone between the two Koreas.

Han, who did not respond to requests for an interview, first arrived in New York
in the early 1990s and served nearly five years as a young counselor, initially
as an aide to the North Korean mission's top ambassador.

During the Clinton era, the New York channel served various functions, according
to Evans Revere, who was a senior State Department official at the time and
functioned as the Washington end of the New York channel. It was, Revere said, a
"sounding board and exploratory vehicle" for resolving differences between North
Korea and the United States; the "eyes and ears" of Pyongyang in the United
States; and "the voice of the regime" for American audiences.

In 2002, after a hiatus from the mission, Han returned to New York, where he
served two stints as the envoy responsible for U.S. relations, the first of
which ended after North Korea conducted its first nuclear test, in 2006. Over
the past few years, the New York channel's role, however, has been limited.

"One has to wonder whether and to what degree the channel is able to report back
fully and frankly on developments in the United States, and also the extent to
which the leadership in Pyongyang is actually listening to what the channel is
reporting," Revere said.

A portrait of Han emerges in the book "Eating With the Enemy," by Robert Egan, a
New Jersey restaurant owner and POW advocate who befriended the North Korean
diplomat. Acting as an informal fixer, Egan took Han and his colleagues fishing
and pheasant hunting, and to New York Giants and New Jersey Nets games.

In Egan's telling, Han revealed himself as a former North Korean soldier who
professed admiration for billionaire developer Donald Trump, passed on a
proposal through Egan to sell North Korean nuclear weapons for billions in cash,
and once tried to help Egan negotiate the return of the USS Pueblo, a U.S. naval
intelligence vessel captured by the North Koreans in 1968. When the book was
published, Han exploded with anger, telling Egan that the revelations could
serve as a "death sentence" back home, the author recalled in an interview.

Since then, Egan said, he has had relatively little contact with the North
Korean mission. As for Han, U.S. officials and other North Korea watchers say he
has maintained his position as Pyongyang's key link with American officials but
has become far more cautious.

Diplomats close to Han say that his latest posting will end soon and that he is
likely to depart New York in the summer, with little to show for his efforts.

"I have found him and his colleagues to be lacking in ideas and ambitions, and I
think that is a reflection of their assessment of the overall state of affairs -
that things are not good and not going to get better anytime soon," said a
former senior State Department official who spoke on the condition of anonymity
because he did not want to offend Han. "They are lacking a level of energy and
enthusiasm that I have seen them manifest in the past. They really are at the
end of the trail here in New York, and Pyongyang is a long way away."

lynchc@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              251 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Clinton Herald (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 24, 2012 Friday

Continuance granted in attempted murder trial

BYLINE: Katie Dahlstrom, Clinton Herald, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 372 words


Aug. 24--CLINTON -- A Camanche man facing attempted murder charges received a
continuance Thursday for a pre-trial conference in order to obtain an evaluation
to consider or claim possible defense of diminished responsibility.

Arthur Walker, 52, 4102 Ninth St., Camanche, was charged with attempted murder,
second degree sexual abuse and first-degree kidnapping following an incident in
which he held his wife hostage with a knife for several hours July 7 at his
home.

Diminished responsibility is a potential defense that would allow Walker to be
absolved of part of the liability for his alleged criminal actions because of an
impaired, or "diminished," state of mind.

A court affidavit filed by Camanche police states the victim -- who had
allegedly sustained severe lacerations to her head, throat and fingers -- told
police that her husband had been drinking at one of the bars in Camanche earlier
that day, was cut off from having more alcohol there, went home and began
punching her.

She stated that her husband grabbed a knife and held it against her neck. She
said that for the next two hours, he held the knife to her neck while she was
sexually abused by him.

The victim was able to escape to a neighbor's house shortly before 4 p.m. Police
state that Walker went into the neighbor's home and physically removed the
victim from the home while armed with the knife and dragged her back into the
couple's residence.

According to the Camanche Police Department, officers were dispatched at 3:52
p.m. The victim was released from the residence shortly after officers arrived.

As more officers arrived, Walker barricaded himself inside the residence. A long
stand-off ensued before officers deployed a Taser and took Walker into custody
around 6:45 p.m.

Walker is being held without bond at the Clinton County jail.

The kidnapping charge is a Class A felony, which carries a life sentence upon
conviction. Second-degree sexual abuse and attempted murder are both Class B
felonies that each carry a possible 25-year prison sentence.

The pre-trial hearing was rescheduled for 9 a.m. Oct. 18.

___ (c)2012 the Clinton Herald (Clinton, Iowa) Visit the Clinton Herald
(Clinton, Iowa) at clintonherald.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120824-XI-Continuance-granted-in-attempted-murder-trial-0824-20120824

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XI


                         Copyright 2012 Clinton Herald


                              252 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            August 5, 2015 Wednesday

Dru Sjodin's killer questions juror conduct in death penalty sentencing

BYLINE: By Steve Wagner Forum News Service

SECTION: CRIME AND COURT STORIES; Minnesota-Twin Cities; State

LENGTH: 561 words


FARGO, N.D. -- The man sentenced to death for the 2003 kidnapping and murder of
Dru Sjodin is claiming juror misconduct during his trial.

Next month, a federal judge is set to hear arguments related to a 2011 motion by
attorneys for Alfonso Rodriguez Jr. His lawyers filed a habeas corpus motion
outlining reasons the former Crookston, Minn., man should not be executed and
now appear to claim juror misconduct during his trial.

Rodriguez, 62, remains on death row at a federal maximum security prison in
Terre Haute, Ind.

The court docket shows Rodriguez's attorneys are claiming juror misconduct, but
documents detailing the allegation, including prosecutors' response to it, are
sealed in advance of a Sept. 8 hearing before U.S. District Judge Ralph Erickson
in Fargo.

A single docket entry from June notes prosecutors responding to "alleged juror
misconduct." The paperwork responds to documents filed by defense attorneys in
March.

Attorneys for Rodriguez also are requesting "temporary and partial closure" of
the upcoming court hearing, which was set to address the pending habeas corpus
motion, considered a last resort appeal to overturn Rodriguez's death sentence.
The U.S. Supreme Court turned down his earlier appeals.

In the latest arguments, death penalty attorneys claim Rodriguez didn't receive
effective counsel at trial, was insane at the time of the crime and that he is
mentally diminished, making him ineligible for the death penalty.

Richard Ney, a death penalty expert, was among the defense attorneys appointed
to represent Rodriguez before and during the 2006 trial. Ney and West Fargo
attorney Robert Hoy, a former Cass County state's attorney, filed a litany of
motions prior to the trial, including claims Rodriguez was mentally diminished.

In 2003, Rodriguez stabbed and kidnapped Sjodin, a Pequot Lakes, Minn., native
attending the University of North Dakota, while she talked on a cellphone in a
Grand Forks mall parking lot. An extensive search ensued, and five months later
she was found dead in a rural ravine near Crookston.

A jury of seven women and five men unanimously convicted Rodriguez, a known sex
offender with a 32-year history of attacking women, and recommended he should be
put to death by lethal injection.

The trial marked the first-ever federal death penalty case in North Dakota,
which abolished the state's capital punishment law in 1973. The death sentence
also marked the first time in more than 90 years that a defendant had been
ordered to death in any case within the state.

The Rodriguez trial featured three phases: guilt, eligibility for the death
penalty and the sentence.

In the final phase, it took three votes for jurors to reach a unanimous verdict
to recommend the death penalty sentence, which Erickson later ordered to be done
in South Dakota.

Afterward, juror Arlys Carter said the first two votes came back 11-1 for death,
with one person being a "question mark." A third vote brought the unanimous
decision.

"I think he changed his mind on his own," Carter said at the time. "He wouldn't
have gone along with the group."

Assistant U.S. Attorney Keith Reisenauer said Thursday he could not comment
about the pending motion and claims.

"Until I know what's going on, I'm not going to comment," said Luke Lillehaugen,
one of the jurors for the trial. Attempts to reach nine of the other were
unsuccessful Thursday.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: An undated photo from Dru Sjodin's family shows the young woman slain
by Alfonso Rodriguez Jr. (AP Photo/Family photo, File)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              253 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Bolton News

                          September 11, 2008 Thursday

Man admits killing housemate

SECTION: BOLTON NEWS (BOLTON NEWS)

LENGTH: 201 words


A MAN is facing a prison sentence after he pleaded guilty to killing a
32-year-old housemate.

Mark Hughes, aged 41, of Grove Street, Halliwell, appeared at Manchester Crown
Court yesterday, where he denied murdering Steven Bostock, but admitted
manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility.

Neighbours found Mr Bostock collapsed near his home in Grove Street shortly
before 7pm on March 21, this year.

Mr Bostock sustained serious head wounds and was taken to the Royal Bolton
Hospital, where he later died.

In court, Hughes said: "I plead not guilty to the murder of Steven Bostock, but
I do plead guilty to the count of manslaughter on the basis of diminished
responsibility."

The court heard that two psychiatrists had assessed Hughes and diagnosed him as
suffering from Alcoholic Dependency Syndrome (ADS), and that he was suffering
from this at the time of the attack.

It is understood that Hughes, who lived at the same address with Mr Bostock, had
fallen out with him that night.

The case was adjourned while reports were prepared, specifically on the issue of
whether Hughes presented a danger to the public.

Hughes, who was remanded in custody, will return to court on October 1 to be
sentenced.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              254 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                 Colusa County Sun-Herald (Colousa, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 10, 2011 Tuesday

No solar power for plant

BYLINE: Susan Meeker, Colusa County Sun-Herald, Colousa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 388 words


May 10--The plan for a solar energy project at the new Williams wastewater
treatment plant may find itself sitting on a shelf, now that the state has
temporarily nuked incentives to go green.

City officials said the hundreds of small scale renewable projects popping up
all over the state to help cities reduce their energy costs have exhausted most
of the funding available.

City Administrator Chuck Bergson said the state has augmented the federal tax
credits for solar projects by requiring Pacific Gas and Electric to provide
addition funding, but due to the popularity of the program, the PG&E
contribution has been exhausted and the state incentive to investors has
diminished.

"That means the overall financial attractiveness of the project has also
diminished," Bergson said.

The Williams City Council recently selected BCM of Chico to build a minimum 700
kilowatt plant at no cost to the city on property near the wastewater treatment
plant.

In exchange, the city hoped to realize at least a one-third reduction on the
cost to operate the new plant, once it's up and running, for the next 20 years.

Bergson said without the additional funding, the solar project would not be
profitable.

"The federal tax credit is not sufficient for the project to be built," Bergson
said.

BCM, which built a 384 kilowatt plant for Santa Barbara, was one of three
companies to submit a proposal. Bergson said since the company believes the
state is expected to eventually renew the requirement for PG&E, BCM will go
ahead with the preliminary design and permitting work, which can be prepared in
advance of the state renewal.

"This would put the city in a good position to proceed with the solar plant once
the state incentive is renewed," he said.

If the state incentive is renewed, Bergson said the planing phase should take
approximately three months, and the project operational about six months after
construction begins.

CONTACT Susan Meeker at 458-2121 or smeeker@tcnpress.com

To see more of the Colusa County Sun-Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to www.colusa-sun-herald.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Colusa County Sun-Herald,
Colousa, Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110510-YE-No-solar-power-for-plant-0510-20110510

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YE


                    Copyright 2011 Colusa County Sun-Herald


                              255 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Waterloo Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          November 11, 2009 Wednesday

Convicted kidnapper seeks new trial

BYLINE: Jeff Reinitz, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 442 words


Nov. 11--WATERLOO -- A Waterloo man serving life in a 2001 robbery and
kidnapping is seeking a new trial.

Attorney James Peters said David Wayne Penwell's trial lawyer was ineffective
because he failed to present evidence to back the defense claim that Penwell was
insane or suffered from diminished capacity at the time of the crime.

Assistant Black Hawk County Attorney Kim Griffith argued there wasn't any
evidence presented because there wasn't any evidence to back the claim.

"Counsel wasn't ineffective. Counsel just didn't have anything to work with,"
Griffith said during a hearing Monday.

Penwell, now 50, wasn't present in the courthouse for the hearing but listened
by telephone from the Iowa State Penitentiary in Fort Madison.

Judge George Stigler will rule on the matter in the near future.

Authorities said Penwell robbed a New Hartford convenience store March 13, 2001.
He kidnapped the female clerk and tried to break in to a home in rural Grundy
County. When that failed, he sexually abused the clerk, who then escaped near
Hudson.

His crime spree finally ended when Waterloo police cornered him at the Goose
Creek truck stop.

While preparing for trial, the defense planned to call Dr. William Logan, a
psychiatrist who examined Penwell and determined he had diminished capacity and
couldn't tell the difference between right and wrong at the time of the crime,
Peters said.

But a week before trial, Logan changed his position about Penwell's mental
status and said there was no evidence to support his earlier conclusion.

The trial attorney ended up calling the jail's psychiatrist to the stand. The
jail psychiatrist told jurors Penwell was suffering from bi-polar disorder with
psychotic features about 20 days after the incident.

But there was no evidence presented about his mental status at the time of the
crime, and the trial judge didn't allow insanity and diminished capacity
instructions to go to the jury.

Now Peters said he would like to have another mental health professional look
over the Logan's notes from his interview with Penwell.

Griffith noted that a third psychiatrist had examined Penwell and found there
was no evidence of insanity or diminished capacity at the time of the incident.

To see more of the Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.wcfcourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Waterloo-Cedar
Falls Courier, Iowa Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091111-OO-Convicted-kidnapper-seeks-new-trial-1111

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OO


                        Copyright 2009 Waterloo Courier


                              256 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Santa Cruz Sentinel (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 29, 2010 Thursday

Santa Cruz County's diminished real estate values mean more pain for cities,
schools

BYLINE: Kurtis Alexander, Santa Cruz Sentinel, Calif.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 649 words


July 29--Property taxes, a key source of income for cities and schools and a
bellweather of the local economy, are on the decline in Santa Cruz County for a
second straight year.

The county Assessor's Office, meeting an Aug. 1 deadline, closed the books this
week on the value of homes, offices and shopping centers countywide, recording a
0.6 percent drop in total property value over the year before.

While the new figure means hundreds of property owners will owe less tax when
October bills arrive, the lower roll also means struggling city and county
governments, schools and dozens of special districts providing fire, water and
sewer services will see another year of diminished revenue.

"It's not great news," said Mary Jo Walker, the county auditor-controller.
"Public services are still having to be reduced and positions cut."

The city of Watsonville, which saw unprecedented gains in property taxes during
last decade's housing boom, is seeing the biggest losses now. The city's
property tax revenue, based on the new assessments, will fall 2.5 percent this
fiscal year, reflected in tax bills due Dec. 10 and April 10.

Last fiscal year, Watsonville saw property tax revenues slide 11.1 percent.

"I don't know that we can continue doing this," said Marcela Tavantzis,
Watsonville's assistant city manager.

Watsonville's 2010-11 budget already accommodates the dip in property tax
revenues, with city leaders anticipating the drop earlier this

year and cutting municipal operations like road upkeep and park maintenance and
trimming employee hours and pay.

"That is what has helped us balance the budget, but it's not a sustainable way
to balance the budget," Tavantzis said.

City and county governments in Santa Cruz County typically get between 10 and 15
percent of their revenue from property taxes. Heightening the importance of this
funding source, property taxes, unlike most income, are not earmarked for
specific functions, meaning local leaders can spend them where the need is
greatest. Police are commonly the biggest recipient.

This year's slip in property taxes comes alongside similar drops in sales and
transient occupancy taxes, triggering one of the worst fiscal situations for
local governments, not just in Santa Cruz County but statewide, in decades.

Reflective of more stable real estate markets, the cities of Santa Cruz and
Capitola bucked the general tax trend, showing slight upticks in property tax
revenues. Santa Cruz was up 0.7 percent and Capitola 0.8 percent.

Meanwhile, Scotts Valley was down 1.8 percent. The unincorporated areas, taken
together, were down 0.8 percent.

Despite the slip, the numbers contain some good news, say government
administrators.

"Property values continue to fall but not at the rate we saw the prior year,"
said Assessor-Recorder Sean Saldavia, noting last year's 3.3 percent countywide
drop.

While stopping short of predicting recovery, Saldavia said the trend is heading
in a positive direction.

Diminished real estate values during the past two years have had roughly 18,000
Santa Cruz County residents paying less property tax.

How many more will pay less tax this year has not yet been computed, but
Saldavia expects it to be "several hundred." Many of the 18,000 who have already
received lower tax bills will see the amount they owe drop even lower.

The total tax roll, which includes about 96,000 properties, is estimated to be
$33.2 billion, not including special assessments.

To see more of The Santa Cruz Sentinel or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.santacruzsentinel.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Santa Cruz Sentinel,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100729-QC-Santa-Cruz-County-s-diminished
-real-estate-values-mean-more-pain-for-cities-schools-20100729

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QC


                       Copyright 2010 Santa Cruz Sentinel


                              257 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           September 30, 2016 Friday

Lawyer: Officer experienced 'auditory exclusion'

BYLINE: SEAN MURPHY Associated Press

SECTION: A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 764 words


OKLAHOMA CITY - A lawyer for a white Oklahoma police officer accused of
manslaughter in an unarmed black man's death says she was so hyper-focused on
the situation that she didn't hear other officers arrive on the scene or even
the deadly gunshot she fired from her handgun.

Tulsa officer Betty Shelby, who is expected to plead not guilty to first-degree
manslaughter at her arraignment on Friday, was experiencing what is commonly
called "auditory exclusion," a condition in which people in high-stress
situations often don't hear sounds around them, said her attorney, Scott Wood.

"She didn't hear the gunshot, didn't hear the sirens coming up behind her just
prior to the shot," Wood said Thursday. "And it's not only a common phenomenon
described in literature, but it's the No. 1 perceptual distortion by people I
have represented who have been involved in shootings - diminished sound or
complete auditory exclusion."

He said that while Shelby's defense won't hinge on whether she was aware of
other officers on the scene when she shot 40-year-old Terence Crutcher on Sept.
16, it would be something important for jurors to know.

"It's just one of the many facts that have happened, and I don't think our
defense turns on whether or not she knew they were there," Wood said.

Wood's theory that Shelby was so focused on Crutcher she didn't know other
officers had arrived and didn't hear her own gunshot is commonly reported by
officers who fire their weapons, said David Klinger, a professor of criminology
and criminal justice at the University of Missouri-St. Louis.

Klinger, a former Los Angeles police officer who shot and killed a suspect just
four months into the job, interviewed 80 law enforcement officers involved in
113 separate cases where they shot citizens. The single most commonly reported
perceptual distortion that officers experienced was diminished sound, which was
reported in 82 percent of the cases, either before or after the shooting, or in
some cases both, his study shows.

"This is something that has been documented in officer-involved shootings by me
and by other researchers," Klinger said, "and other researchers have documented
the phenomenon of muted sound or full auditory exclusion where you don't hear
anything in a variety of circumstances outside of policing."

Other distortions include experiences such as tunnel vision and altered
perception of time, in which situations are experienced in slow motion.

Prosecutors allege in court documents that Shelby "reacted unreasonably" by
escalating the situation with Crutcher, who she encountered after coming across
his vehicle abandoned in the middle of a north Tulsa street. Videos from a
police helicopter and a dashboard camera of the shooting and its aftermath
showed Crutcher, who was unarmed, walking away from Shelby with his arms in the
air, but the footage does not offer a clear view of when Shelby fired the single
shot.

Shelby told investigators Crutcher refused repeated requests to stop and get on
his knees and that she feared for her life and thought Crutcher was going to
kill her, according to an affidavit filed with the manslaughter charge.

Another officer, who arrived on the scene after Shelby had already drawn her
firearm, used a stun gun on Crutcher, but Wood said Shelby never even realized
that officer was there until after she fired the deadly shot.

Despite the research, Lori Brown, a professor of sociology at Meredith College
in Raleigh, North Carolina, said she believes it's dangerous to think a police
officer would use auditory exclusion as a possible explanation for killing a man
who was not doing anything aggressive.

"My response would be to focus on the research on implicit bias that, sadly,
most of us have, even African-Americans, about black men, especially a larger
black man and the fact that we tend to see them as threatening even when their
behavior is in no way aggressive," Brown said. "This may be why the same
behaviors in white men often end peacefully but can result in the death of a
black male."

Shelby, 42, faces between four years and life in prison if convicted. She
surrendered to authorities after being charged last week and is currently free
on $50,000 bond. Wood said he expects to enter a not-guilty plea at her
arraignment, at which time a date will be set for a preliminary hearing to
determine if there is enough evidence to proceed to trial.

Wood had sought to expedite the arraignment, citing concerns for the officer's
safety amid an expected "onslaught of attendance" at her hearing on Friday, but
a judge on Thursday denied that request.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2016 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              258 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 2, 2014 Tuesday

Rhode Island: PR 14-32 Desaulniers v. Woonsocket Superintendent's Office and
Clarke v. Woonsocket Superintendent's Office - Violation

LENGTH: 179  words

DATELINE: Providence


Office of the Attorney General, The State of Rhode Island has issued the
following news release:

Complainants submitted APRA requests to the Superintendent's Office for a copy
of the Superintendent's evaluation. The Superintendent's Office denied the
requests under the personal privacy exemption, i.e., pursuant to R.I. Gen. Laws
§ 38-2-2(4)(A)(I)(b). Due to the fact that the evaluation at issue in Clarke was
ordered to be disclosed in accordance with Boss v. Woonsocket Superintendent's
Office, PR 14-31, the Department concluded that any privacy interest in the
evaluation was diminished. As such, when we weighed the diminished privacy
interest against the public's interest, the scales tipped in favor of the
public's interest in disclosure. Therefore, by virtue of our holding in Boss v.
Woonsocket Superintendent's Office, PR 14-31, we found that the Superintendent's
Office violated the APRA when it denied access to the Superintendent's
evaluation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              259 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                           November 23, 2010 Tuesday
                                 FINAL Edition

City facingaid squeeze

BYLINE: By WILL BUNCH; bunchw@phillynews.com 215-854-2957

SECTION: LOCAL; P-com Biggie News Update; Pg. 02

LENGTH: 1288 words


THE AGING and well-worn City Hall SEPTA station, where Philadelphia's two major
subway lines intersect, hasn't been overhauled since it opened to passengers in
1928 - during the presidency of Calvin Coolidge and a year before Wall Street's
Black Friday.

Now, 82 years later, SEPTA has a $100 million plan to build an entrance to the
station from Dilworth Plaza, on the west side of City Hall; to make the station
more accessible to the handicapped; to widen narrow passageways, and to add art
and architectural flourishes.

But agency officials worry the City Hall project will fall victim to a new age
of austerity. In the wake of this month's midterm elections, Republicans who had
promised steep budget cuts are positioned to take control of Harrisburg and to
wield more federal clout in a GOP-led U.S. House.

Experts and top officials in Philadelphia - heavily dependent on federal and
state dollars for mass transit and other infrastructure projects, for its safety
net of health and welfare services, and for much of its schools budget - are
worried that lawmakers will place a heavy burden on cities, and especially on
the City of Brotherly Love.

"The dominant discussion, as of today, is that the United States needs to
tighten its belt and go on a diet," said Bruce Katz, founder of the Metropolitan
Policy Program at the Brookings Institution think-tank in Washington.

He said the ramifications for Philadelphia could be many - from fewer federal
research grants for the city's major universities to growing talk of eliminating
the mortgage deduction as part of a long-term deficit-reduction plan.

As 2011 looms, much has been made of Philadelphia's diminished clout as the
city's political lions, Gov. Rendell and his longtime neighbor Sen. Arlen
Specter, prepare to leave office - while a power shake-up in Harrisburg has
stripped state Rep. Dwight Evans of his leadership role, in which he steered
millions of dollars here.

But the real damage may not come from the loss of clout - but the loss of cash.

Philadelphia's diminished influence could not come at a worse time - just as
lawmakers from a resurgent Republican Party are looking for ways to make good on
their 2010 campaign promises to seek balanced budgets through steep spending
cuts without raising taxes.

The Republicans preparing to take office or take a lead role in the 2011 budget
process say that their goal is not to cause pain but that steep reductions to
many programs are necessary to rein in out-of-control government spending. In
Pennsylvania, Gov.-elect Tom Corbett made budget cuts the main message of his
campaign, and he won handily.

"Because of the economic challenges that we have right now, we probably have the
greatest opportunity since the '80s to get [spending] under control," Corbett
told reporters outside a Republican Governors Association meeting last week. "We
have to be responsible again."

In Washington, Republicans, who take control of the House and gain six Senate
seats in January, have said they will return discretionary federal

spending to 2008 levels, which is an immediate $100 billion reduction, and have
talked - without offering specifics - of further cuts.

In Harrisburg, Corbett, who signed a campaign pledge not to increase any taxes,
faces a budget gap next year estimated as high as $5 billion - which is more
than he could get back in his plan to sell the state's liquor stores to a
private entity.

In Philadelphia, officials are bracing for a hard impact.

Many local officials fear another period much like the Reagan era of the 1980s,
when spending on urban aid was cut dramatically - one of several factors that
pushed Philadelphia toward the brink of bankruptcy by the end of that decade.

"The big question will be the battle within the Republican Party," said Nutter
administration aide Terry Gillen, who recently took over federal lobbying
efforts. "The tea parties are focused on the deficit, but they will clash with
the classic Republicans wanting to cut taxes."

Whatever the outcome of the political wars, the reversal of government policy
may seem even worse in Philadelphia because over the past two years, the city
has done so well in receiving money from the roughly $800 billion stimulus
package approved at the beginning of Obama's presidency and in spending those
dollars in a timely way.

Overall, city and local authorities have received or signed contracts for much
of about $1 billion that was slated to come here through the federal program.

For example, the Philadelphia Housing Authority, which officials say has
received as much as $127 million in federal dollars, is building or renovating
about 1,200 units.

Philadelphia has spent so much of the promised federal money that officials
seemed unconcerned about proposals by some Republicans for the new Congress to
kill the rest of the program and reclaim any unspent dollars.

But the future of economic-stimulus dollars is just one area in which the new
environment is worrisome to officials. Others include:

* Social services: Donald Schwarz, the city's health commissioner and deputy
mayor for health and opportunity, estimated that as much as $2 billion of the
$2.6 billion annual portfolio he oversees in health, human services and programs
for the homeless is through either state or federal dollars. A number of these
programs are mandated, but some - especially in areas such as child-health
services - are discretionary and will likely face cuts with the state budget
gap.

"I'm worried that if many of these programs go away, we'll see more people on
the streets, more children on the streets - which we don't see right now - and
more people in jail because there are no alternatives," Schwarz said.

* Transportation: SEPTA officials said that as many as 22 major capital projects
- such as the one underneath City Hall and major work at the Wayne Junction
overpass - could be in limbo while the austerity-minded Congress debates a new
transportation bill, with the current program expiring next month.

SEPTA officials said they are already anticipating reductions of $110 million in
funding for large projects and fear an additional $16 million to $20 million in
cuts under the GOP plan to return federal spending to 2008 levels.

Bob Borski, the former Democratic congressman from Northeast Philadelphia who is
now paid to lobby for the city, is glum about the debate over a new federal
transportation bill, which would also fund urban highway projects.

"Clearly the only way to get a bill is some increase in taxes," Borski said -
something Republicans have pledged not to do.

* Education: The Philadelphia School District will be watching budget
developments closely in Harrisburg - the source of roughly 55 percent of its
$3.2 billion annual budget - and in Washington, where a fight looms over
reauthorizing the No Child Left Behind program that has funneled millions of
dollars to Philadelphia and other urban school districts since its launch in
2001.

Donna Cooper, who's worked as a top aide in City Hall and to Gov. Rendell in
Harrisburg and who just started work as a senior fellow with the Center for
American Progress think-tank, notes that there are other threats to Philadelphia
- especially if GOP lawmakers move to cut off the Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
housing corporations. She said that the two quasi-governmental programs support
about 40 percent of mortgages here, and that home construction remains a big
driver of jobs here.

But Cooper also said that any steep cuts to health care on a state level could
unite Philadelphia legislators with rural counterparts who are also dependent on
such programs. Said Cooper: "The cuts to rural Pennsylvania are even more
direct, and so there's a natural alliance [with Philadelphia] there."

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              260 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly

                           February 23, 2012 Thursday

Commentary: Play about Milk assassin's trial well 'executed'

BYLINE: Noah Schaffer

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 289  words


The concept of the "Twinkie defense" is now widely derided. But in 1979 the "
diminished capacity" argument convinced a California jury that Dan White, a
former city supervisor, only deserved a voluntary manslaughter conviction after
he shot and killed San Francisco Mayor George Moscone and fellow supervisor and
gay rights icon Harvey Milk.

That trial is the subject of Emily Mann's "Execution of Justice," which is being
presented by Boston University's School of Theatre at the Boston Center for the
Arts this weekend.

Heavily sourced from trial transcripts, Mann puts the audience in the jury box
as she explores in detail whether White's deteriorating mental state - displayed
by the former health nut's switch to a junk food and soda diet - meant that his
act was something other than premeditated murder.

Kate Hamilton is especially effective in her portrayal of Douglas Schmidt,
White's defense attorney. Rather than asking the jury for sympathy, Schmidt
prevailed by parading a team of psychiatrists in front of the court and by
raising doubts about White's motivation for the shooting.

Another strong cast member is Edmund Donovan, who portrays District Attorney
Joseph Freitas, Jr. Already grieving for his murdered friends, Freitas then
finds his political career ruined by the public outcry over the verdict. (A year
later the California Penal Code was amended to exclude the "diminished capacity"
defense.)

"Execution of Justice" seeks to capture both the mechanics of the weeks-long
trial and the community's response to it. That's an ambitious goal that results
in an overly long 150 minute play. But audiences who sit through it are rewarded
with the chance to see a controversial part of legal history through multiple
lenses.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              261 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                            August 27, 2009 Thursday

THE PAST 100 YEARS

SECTION: EDITORIALS; Pg. A-11

LENGTH: 326 words


From The Santa Fe New Mexican

August 27, 1909: Attorney Julius Staab of Albuquerque is a guest at the home of
his father, A. Staab, on East Palace Avenue. He is a member of the New Mexico
Board of Bar Examiners.

Two days ago the doors of the Capital City Bank were thrown open for business,
making the third banking institution in Santa Fe. James W. Norment is president,
A.F. Green vice president and C.L. Bowlds cashier. The location is that formerly
occupied by The Smoker.

L.M. Ortiz of Chimayó, who has been attending the normal institute during this
month and who has made a good record as teacher and has won the esteem of the
people, will return home next Saturday in company with V. Cruz and J.T. Ortega,
also of Chimayó. Mr. Ortiz is considered a leader in educational matters in
northern Santa Fe County.

August 27, 1959: Radiation in the air over Santa Fe has diminished sharply since
nuclear testing was discontinued late last year, records at State Health Dept.
show. Carl Jensen, who handles a daily radiation check for the department, said
the radiation level appears to have diminished to approximately normal
'background radiation' in the 10 months period since the tests were
discontinued. Jensen pointed out that even when fallout here reached a peak of
more than 150 micromicrocurries, 'it wasn't anything to be alarmed about.' The
Los Alamos Laboratory reports that ten years of exposure at that level would be
equivalent to receiving a chest X-ray.

August 27, 1984: There is no easy answer to whether traffic should be allowed
around the Plaza, Santa Fe city officers learned Sunday. About 50 residents,
including Plaza merchants and local business leaders, attended a forum at City
Hall to air one of the city's hottest controversies. There was little consensus
on whether traffic should remain banned from two sides or the historic square.
With the plaza closed, fewer local people frequent the businesses on the plaza
say the merchants.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The New Mexican


                              262 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              June 21, 2010 Monday

Warriors make draft deal with Blazers

BYLINE: By Marcus Thompson II mthomps2@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BASKETBALL; Sports; Breaking; News

LENGTH: 575 words


Officially, the Warriors traded their second-round pick   No. 34 overall   to
the Portland Trail Blazers for the No. 44 pick and cash, the team announced
Monday.

Unofficially, the Warriors got their second-round pick back in January. Two of
them.

The success of swingman Reggie Williams and forward Anthony Tolliver, both NBA
Development League call-ups from last season, has diminished the Warriors' need
for a second-round pick. Golden State, which has a roster filled with young
players, including the one it will take with the No. 6 pick in Thursday's draft,
isn't expecting to find a player in the second-round who is better than the
young talent it has.

"I think you can get as good a player in the D-League as you can most
second-round picks," Warriors coach Don Nelson said. "There are some exceptions
to the rule. But generally speaking, in the D-League there are second-rounders
that have developed."

When Warriors general manager Larry Riley met with the media on Monday, he said
he had at least a dozen players on his wish list for the second-round selection
when he held the No. 34 overall pick. The likelihood is that one of those
players will be available at No. 44.

So why not move down, decrease the choices and save some cash? The Warriors
received in the ballpark of $2 million in financial compensation from the Trail
Blazers, two sources said.

So whom will the Warriors take at No. 44? That depends on what happens at No. 6,
but certainly the options have diminished with Monday's trade.

Riley said because of the Warriors' current depth, it's unlikely he would draft
a player at the same position in both rounds. Riley has identified one of the
top priorities as a small forward, especially one with size who can handle the
ball and create shots for himself and others.

The most likely options at No. 6 are a center or power forward, whether it's
Georgetown's Greg Monroe, Kentucky's DeMarcus Cousins or Wake Forest's Al-Farouq
Aminu. That means the odds are Golden State will go for a small forward in the
second round.

Moving down 10 spots in the second round keeps the Warriors from being able to
jump on a first-rounder who falls, as guard Monta Ellis (No. 32) did back in
2005. It probably takes some of the higher-touted small forwards out of the
Warriors' reach as well. Texas' Damion James, West Virginia's Devin Ebanks,
Washington's Quincy Pondexter and Connecticut's Stanley Robinson are expected to
go late in the first round or early in the second.

Still, the Warriors figure to be in play for others, such as New Mexico's
Darington Hobson or Stanford's Landry Fields, who one source said impressed the
Warriors at his workout. Golden State even could make a high-risk, high-reward
pick and select West Virginia small forward Da'Sean Butler or Serbian forward
Nemanja Bjelica.

Butler was a sure-fire first-rounder before he tore his ACL in the Final Four.
Since the Warriors won't need him to play right away, they can draft him and
give him time to heal. Bjelica is a point-forward type with the perimeter skills
that fit the Warriors offense. But he's a project the Warriors can afford to
stash in Europe.

With the No. 34 pick comes some expectations   to make the team, sign a
multiyear contract and maybe even see some action as a rookie. At No. 44, those
expectations are diminished and little harm is done if the pick doesn't even
make the team.

And if that happens, the Warriors clearly have no problem scouring the D-League.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Phoenix Suns' Jason Richardson, center, vies for a rebound with Golden
State Warriors' Anthony Tolliver during the second quarter Monday, March 22,
2010 at Oracle Arena in Oakland, Calif. (D. Ross Cameron/Staff)
Warriors' Reggie Williams dunks during the first quarter of a game against the
Utah Jazz at the Oracle Arena in Oakland, Calif. on Tuesday, April 13, 2010.
(Jane Tyska/Staff)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              263 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              June 21, 2010 Monday

Golden State Warriors trade 34th overall pick in second round to Portland Trail
Blazers for 44th pick and cash

BYLINE: By Marcus Thompson II Oakland Tribune

SECTION: BASKETBALL; Sports; Warriors

LENGTH: 623 words


Officially, the Warriors traded their second-round pick   No. 34 overall   to
the Portland Trail Blazers for the No. 44 pick and cash, the team announced
Monday.

Unofficially, the Warriors got their second-round pick back in January. Two of
them.

The success of swingman Reggie Williams and forward Anthony Tolliver, both NBA
Development League call-ups from last season, has diminished the Warriors' need
for a second-round pick. Golden State, which has a roster filled with young
players, including the one it will take with the No. 6 pick in Thursday's draft,
isn't expecting to find a player in the second-round who is better than the
young talent it has.

"I think you can get as good a player in the D-League as you can most
second-round picks," Warriors coach Don Nelson said. "There are some exceptions
to the rule. But generally speaking, in the D-League there are second-rounders
that have developed."

When Warriors general manager Larry Riley met with the media on Monday, he said
he had at least a dozen players on his wish list for the second-round selection
when he held the No. 34 overall pick. The likelihood is that one of those
players will be available at No. 44.

So why not move down, decrease the choices and save some cash? The Warriors
received in the ballpark of $2 million in financial compensation from the Trail
Blazers, two sources said.

So whom will the Warriors take at No. 44? That depends on what happens at No. 6,
but certainly the options have diminished with Monday's trade.

Riley said because of the Warriors' current depth, it's unlikely he would draft
a player at the same position in both rounds. Riley has identified one of the
top priorities as a small forward, especially one with size who can handle the
ball and create shots for himself and others.

The most likely options at No. 6 are a center or power forward, whether it's
Georgetown's Greg Monroe, Kentucky's DeMarcus Cousins or Wake Forest's Al-Farouq
Aminu. That means the odds are Golden State will go for a small forward in the
second round.

Moving down 10 spots in the second round keeps the Warriors from being able to
jump on a first-rounder who falls, as guard Monta Ellis (No. 32) did back in
2005. It probably takes some of the higher-touted small forwards out of the
Warriors' reach as well. Texas' Damion James, West Virginia's Devin Ebanks,
Washington's Quincy Pondexter and Connecticut's Stanley Robinson are expected to
go late in the first round or early in the second.

Still, the Warriors figure to be in play for others, such as New Mexico's
Darington Hobson or Stanford's Landry Fields, who one source said impressed the
Warriors at his workout. Golden State even could make a high-risk, high-reward
pick and select West Virginia small forward Da'Sean Butler or Serbian forward
Nemanja Bjelica.

Butler was a sure-fire first-rounder before he tore his ACL in the Final Four.
Since the Warriors won't need him to play right away, they can draft him and
give him time to heal. Bjelica is a point-forward type with the perimeter skills
that fit the Warriors offense. But he's a project the Warriors can afford to
stash in Europe.

With the No. 34 pick comes some expectations   to make the team, sign a
multiyear contract and maybe even see some action as a rookie. At No. 44, those
expectations are diminished and little harm is done if the pick doesn't even
make the team.

And if that happens, the Warriors clearly have no problem scouring the
D-League.2010 NBA Draft
When: Thursday, 4 p.m.
TV: ESPN
Where: Madison Square Garden Theater, New York City
What: Two rounds, 30 players selected in each round
No. 1 overall pick: Wizards
Warriors picks: First round, No. 6; second round, No. 44
inside

     ·    Five possible options for Warriors at No. 44. Page 2


LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Warriors' Reggie Williams dunks during the first quarter of a game
against the Utah Jazz at the Oracle Arena in Oakland, Calif. on Tuesday, April
13, 2010. (Jane Tyska/Staff)
Phoenix Suns' Jason Richardson, center, vies for a rebound with Golden State
Warriors' Anthony Tolliver during the second quarter Monday, March 22, 2010 at
Oracle Arena in Oakland, Calif. (D. Ross Cameron/Staff)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              264 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              KTLA-TV, Los Angeles

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 7, 2010 Tuesday

91-year-old Man Dies After Another Nursing Home Attack

BYLINE: KTLA-TV, Los Angeles

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 266 words


Dec. 07--POMONA -- In yet another act of violence at a Southern California
nursing home, a 91 year old man died of injuries he received when he was
attacked by another patient, it was reported Tuesday.

John Lazzaro's injuries were so severe, he had to have his arm amputated. He
also suffered facial wounds when he was attacked Nov. 23 at the Chino Valley
Health Care Center, allegedly by a fellow patient with diminished mental
capacity.

Lazzaro died Dec. 4, said Sgt. Jaime Gutierrez of the Pomona Police Department.

47 year old Matthew Harvey was found inside the room after the attack, according
to investigators.

Gutierrez said Harvey used bodily force to inflict severe trauma on Lazzaro.
Because of his diminished mental capacity, Harvey was not arrested but was taken
to a lockdown facility for his safety and that of other patients, Gutierrez
said.

Chino Valley Health Care Center is 102-bed nursing facility.

Gutierrez said detectives will present the case to the L.A. County District
Attorney's office for review.

This is the third violent act at a Southern California nursing home in less than
two months.

Tuesday, a man and his wife died in a murder-suicide at an Orange County
retirement community. Last month, a man shot his wife at a Seal Beach nursing
home in what family members called a "mercy killing."

To see more of KTLA-TV, go to http://www.ktla.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, KTLA-TV,
Los Angeles Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20101207-5LA-91-year-old-Man-Dies-After-Another-Nursing-Home-Attack-1207-2010120
7

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5LA


                                 Copyright 2010


                              265 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           August 15, 2007 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

'82 BREWERS LIVED AN UNEASY PENNANT RACE

BYLINE: Tom Oates

SECTION: SPORTS; TOM OATES; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 752 words

DATELINE: MILWAUKEE


He won two Most Valuable Player awards and first-ballot election to the Hall of
Fame, but Robin Yount never had a more memorable time playing baseball than he
did in the summer of 1982.

Twenty-five years later, Yount still swears by the only Milwaukee Brewers team
to reach the World Series.

"It was a great package," he said Tuesday at Miller Park as the team celebrated
its silver anniversary. "When you have talent and chemistry, you normally have a
great team. And that was a great team." Time hasn't diminished the belief that
the Brewers, who lost the World Series to St. Louis in seven games, were
special. Their combination of brawny sluggers, bulldog pitchers and colorful
characters delivered the greatest moment in the franchise's first 37 seasons.

What time has diminished, however, is the accuracy of the memories created by
that team. Looking back through the haze of a quarter-century, it would appear
to many that the Brewers had a nice, easy run to the American League pennant. In
fact, nothing could be further from the truth.

"It wasn't a cakewalk," said Hall of Fame pitcher Don Sutton, who was acquired
in a late-season trade. "They were grinding it before I got here and we were
grinding it after that." Indeed, despite the wealth of talent and experience on
the Brewers roster, it was a struggle right up until Sutton pitched the AL East
clincher on the season's final day in Baltimore. It makes sense, then, that the
'82 Brewers have a good perspective on what the current Brewers are going
through.

Milwaukee once held a comfortable 8 1 2 -game lead in the National League
Central but now finds itself in a dogfight. Meanwhile, fans unfamiliar with the
highs and lows of a pennant race are fretting over the team's every failure,
often blaming manager Ned Yost.

"If they're getting a little antsy with the lead slipping away right now,"
Sutton said, "they must have been having cardiac arrest back in '82."
Unfortunately, many Brewers followers either have forgotten or aren't old enough
to remember the lessons of '82.

Those Brewers lost 11 of 15 games in late May, prompting general manager Harry
Dalton to replace overbearing manager Buck Rodgers with easy-going Harvey Kuenn.
They still trailed the leader in the AL East race by 8 1 2 games on June 9. On
Labor Day, closer Rollie Fingers blew out his elbow and was lost for the season.

Even when they had a four-game lead with five to play, the Brewers lost four
straight games, leaving them tied with Baltimore in the final day. With Yount
hitting two home runs, they beat the Orioles 10-2 to win the division. Then they
went down 0-2 in their best-of-five AL Championship Series with California
before rallying to reach the World Series.

"It's never easy," Yount said. "We had a 5 1 2 -game lead (at this point in
1982) and went to the last day of the season. It's part of the game. Hitting is
a roller-coaster ride. Winning and losing in this game is a roller-coaster ride.
When you play every single day, it's part of it. Right now, they're a game and a
half in front. The last time I looked, that's a pretty good position to be in."
As expected, the '82 Brewers strongly support Yost, who was a backup catcher on
that team. Mostly, though, they would like to remind everyone that they also
experienced successes and failures during the '82 pennant race.

"I think it's easy to lose track of that, especially over time, because we had
our struggles," Hall of Fame infielder Paul Molitor said. "I mean, we did get on
quite a roll there for a while after Harvey took over. But to go down to the
last game of the season after squandering a four-game lead in the last week of
the season and then in the playoffs digging ourselves an 0-2 hole, it wasn't
like we just meandered our way into the World Series. There was a lot of
grinding and a lot of games with our backs to the wall. That's how it is." The
current Brewers have learned that lesson after leading their division almost
from the start. Molitor said going wire-to-wire was a big challenge but is
encouraged by the way Milwaukee is handling it.

"They had a fairly sizable lead and it was a little bit unimaginable that they
were going to keep it all year being as young as they are," Molitor said. "So as
it gets closer, fans are going to react, the media's going to react and there's
going to be some heat. But so far as I know, they're still in first place." That
comes from someone who knows what it's like to be in first place.

Contact Tom Oates at toates@madison.com or 608-252-6172.

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MORRY GASH Associated Press Hall of Famer Robin Yount was among those
from the Brewers' 1982 AL championship team honored before Tuesday night's game
at Miller Park.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              266 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            August 22, 2009 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

BRIEFS

BYLINE: A Tribune staff, wire report

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 507 words


Forest Hills wins U.S. championship

Kyle Tucker drove home Jason Heinrich, and Jonathan Diaz followed with a solo
home run as Forest Hills won the U.S. championship at the Cal Ripken World
Series in Aberdeen, Md., with a 4-2 victory against Upper Montgomery, Md., on
Friday.

With the game tied at 2 in the bottom of the fifth, Heinrich singled with one
out and stole second. Tucker then singled into right-center field, bringing home
Heinrich.

Tucker was caught stealing second for the second out, but Diaz homered to center
for a two-run cushion.

Heinrich also earned the victory, throwing three shutout innings after entering
in the fourth. Heinrich held Upper Montgomery hitless, pitching around two walks
and a hit batter.

Forest Hills now will face Mexico, which won the International championship with
a 1-0 win against Japan, in the World Championship game today at 3 p.m. The game
can be seen on MLB Network.


JUNIOR SOFTBALL: Elyria East had one big inning, and it ended South Tampa's
hopes of a title, as the Ohio champion won 10-0 to advance to the final of the
Little League Junior Softball World Series in Kirkland, Wash.

The game entered the sixth inning scoreless, but Elyria's bats came alive. South
Tampa was unable to respond in the bottom of the inning, ending the game.

COLLEGES

Mercer reinstated to USF hoops team

USF coach Stan Heath announced the reinstatement of guard Mike Mercer to the
men's basketball team. Mercer graduated from USF with a bachelor's degree in
August and will have one season of eligibility remaining.

TRACK & FIELD

Americans DQ'd from 400 relay

No fumbling of the baton this time. No final, either.

Soon after turning in the fastest time in the men's 400-meter relay Friday, the
Americans were disqualified at the world championships in Berlin for passing the
baton outside of the designated zone at Olympic Stadium.

The Americans appealed, citing inconclusive video footage, but it was rejected.

The latest miscue comes after a botched exchange at the Beijing Olympics last
summer, and the big mistake overshadowed two big wins.

Allyson Felix broke the Jamaicans' stronghold on the sprints, holding off
Olympic champion Veronica Campbell-Brown to win the 200. Moments later, LaShawn
Merritt breezed to a win in the 400, cruising past rival and defending champion
Jeremy Wariner.

NHL

Heatley still wants trade from Senators

Ottawa winger Dany Heatley reiterated his desire for a trade Friday, saying he's
unhappy with his diminished role.

Heatley spoke during a conference call, the first time he's commented publicly
since he asked for a trade in the spring.

"When I signed in Ottawa two years ago, I felt it was to be an integral part of
the team," Heatley said. "Over the last two years and more recently over the
past year, I feel my role was diminished. This past season, it diminished a lot
more."

Heatley signed a $45-million, six-year contract extension less than two years
ago.

A Tribune staff, wire report

Copyright © 2009, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2009 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              267 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Telegraph (Australia)

                            August 30, 2011 Tuesday
                               1 - State Edition

US relieved to see back of storm front - Hurricane Irene -

BYLINE: Sebastian Smith

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 359  words


HURRICANE Irene stormed across a shuttered New York City and charged into the
northern New England region yesterday as it weakened to a tropical storm.

It left behind a stunned US east coast -- at least 18 people died, flooding was
widespread and four million homes and businesses lost power.

As waves continued to pound the shores east and north of America's biggest city,
New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg lifted the evacuation order for 370,000
people in low-lying areas.

Irene sent seawater surging into lower Manhattan's streets, but the city
appeared to have escaped the worst fears of urban disaster.

There was no immediate indication when New York might start its subways again,
but the New York Stock Exchange was ready to open for trading today.

New England residents were last night feeling the brunt of the diminished but
still dangerous storm, which caused flooding and toppled many towering trees
anchored in soil already saturated by earlier heavy rains.

The storm was expected to move over eastern Canada by late last night.

Canadian Hurricane Centre director Chris Fogarty said Irene was expected to push
into the Maritime provinces and eastern Quebec and warned the storm would still
have the potential to cause flooding and wind damage.

He said the heaviest rainfall was expected in Quebec while high winds and
pounding surf were a concern in Nova Scotia and New Brunswick.

Forecasters said Irene, while diminished, was still massive and powerful, with
winds extending hundreds of kilometres from the centre.

Before Irene hit New York City, its winds weakened to 104km/h after its long
journey up the east coast, where it dropped 30cm of rain on North Carolina and
Virginia.

The National Hurricane Centre downgraded the storm after its winds fell below
119km/h, the threshold for a hurricane. By yesterday the storm had weakened to
winds of 80km/h as it neared northern New England.

The system was still massive and powerful, covering the American northeast. It
was moving twice as fast as the day before.

President Barack Obama said the public was still at risk of flooding and power
outages and urged vigilance: ``This is not over,'' he said.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTM


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              268 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                             March 17, 2013 Sunday

The Way Forward on Pensions;
Business Groups Make a Major Error Opposing Senate Bill 1

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 973 words


The key scene described in Senate legal counsel Eric Madiar's analysis of the
Illinois Constitution's pension protection clause took place in July 1970 on the
floor of the state constitutional convention as delegates debated the clause's
language.

The clause, familiar to most Illinois public employees by now, says: "Membership
in any pension or retirement system of the State, any unit of local government
or school district, or any agency or instrumentality thereof, shall be an
enforceable contractual relationship, the benefits of which shall not be
diminished or impaired."

After some debate on what the clause meant, the chief sponsor of the pension
protection clause, Del. Helen Kinney, made it clear what she and Del. Henry
Green, the other chief sponsor, had in mind.

"Benefits not being diminished really refers to this situation: If a police
officer accepted employment under a provision where he was entitled to retire at
two-thirds of his salary after 20 years of service, that could not be
subsequently changed to say he was entitled to one-third of his salary after 30
years of service, or perhaps entitled to nothing," Kinney said.

The justices of the Illinois Supreme Court will read about this scene when and
if they decide the constitutionality of pension restructuring legislation.
Unless they ignore what Kinney and Green said, the intent of the pension
protection clause is crystal clear.

There are people in Illinois' business community who hope that happens if the
legislature sends the court legislation that unilaterally reduces pension
benefits. The constitution isn't a fiscal suicide pact, they say, relying on a
legal idea known as the "police powers" theory. Its proposition is that because
Illinois has a dire fiscal emergency, the state can ignore the pension
protection clause.

Business leaders, including the heads of the Illinois Chamber of Commerce, the
Illinois Manufacturers Association and the Civic Committee of the Commercial
Club of Chicago, set out last week to kill Senate Bill 1, the two-part pension
compromise proposal pushed by Senate President John Cullerton, D-Chicago.

That proposal offers a version of legislation pushed by Rep. Elaine Nekritz,
D-Northbrook, House Minority Leader Tom Cross, ROswego, and Sen. Daniel Biss,
D-Evanston, as a sort of first bite at the apple.

Nekritz-Cross-Biss is well crafted and a classic product of the legislative
process. It unilaterally cuts the cost-of-living increase, increases employee
contributions and some employees' retirement age, offers an optional cash
balance plan - a sort of hybrid between defined contribution and defined benefit
retirement - and guarantees the state cannot skip future payments. It offers
something to everyone without satisfying anyone.

But we don't believe Nekritz-Cross-Biss satisfies its most important
constituent: The Illinois Supreme Court. Neither does Cullerton. That's why he's
attached a second part to SB1, a backup provision that goes into effect if the
justices toss Nekritz-Cross-Biss.

Cullerton proposes a choice: Employees and retirees can keep what they have or
they can choose to reduce their COLA. If they do, they are given consideration
for that choice: They will have access to state-provided health care upon their
retirement, and their future raises will be counted toward their pension - both
items Culler-ton believes aren't constitutionally protected.

Cullerton's idea also might be unconstitutional. It doesn't save as much. It
satisfies almost no one. But Cullerton and Madiar have spent the most time
examining how to get a solution through the Supreme Court, instead of relying on
a highly dubious legal theory. Hope is not a plan.

Cross, Biss, Nekritz and the business groups' main complaint is that Cullerton's
idea doesn't save enough money (i.e. throttle public employees enough).
Nekritz-Cross-Biss will slash roughly $147 billion off of the state's $381
billion in pension obligations over the next three decades. Cullerton's bill
cuts $39 billion.

The problem with shoehorning two bills into one, they add, is that the police
powers legal theory depends upon convincing the justices that Nekritz-Cross-Biss
is the only viable solution to the problem. By attaching Cullerton's plan to the
bill, it shows the court another potential solution.

That concern exposes how weak their legal theory is. Do they think the justices
haven't read about other potential solutions, including those being discussed by
academics and others outside the legislature? Do they think that the unions will
just forget to file briefs detailing them?

If Cross, Nekritz and Biss don't want Cullerton's bill attached to theirs, we
wonder if there is not another way to achieve the backup procedure Cullerton
seeks, provided lawmakers act now. He provided the framework himself when he
used a parliamentary procedure to prevent a gambling expansion bill passed in
2011 from going to Quinn's desk until January.

The same could be done on pensions. Both houses would pass Nekritz-Cross-Biss
and Cullerton's legislation, but in separate bills. Nekritz-Cross-Biss would be
sent to the governor for his signature. Cullerton's bill would be held in the
legislature on a motion to reconsider, while Nekritz-Cross-Biss winds its way to
the Supreme Court. If the court strikes it down, Quinn would sign Cullerton's
bill.

The Chamber of Commerce, the Illinois Manufacturers Association, the Civic
Committee of the Commercial Club of Chicago and others made a grave error by
trying to kill Senate Bill 1. If their concern truly is about state finances and
not pursuing an ideological war against public employees and defined-benefit
pensions, they should get behind it. It is the best hope for getting pension
legislation to the governor this year and ensuring education, public safety and
health care are better funded.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illinois constitutional convention delegates meet in seminar at the Old
State Capitol, Dec. 8, 1969. FILE/THE STATE JOURNAL-REGISTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              269 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 30, 2016 Tuesday

Regulatory update: The Public Utilities Commission of Ohio; Columbia Gas of
Ohio, Inc, has submitted (16-1309-GA-UNC) Reply Comments electronically filed by
Mr. Christopher J. Allwein on behalf of Mid-Ohio Regional Planning Commission

LENGTH: 969  words

DATELINE: New York



 Columbus: The Public Utilities Commission of Ohio has issued the following
document:





 2

 I. MORPC Disagrees with the Recommendation that Non-Low-Income Programs be

 diminished or Discontinued Because Parts of Columbia's Service Territory will

 Experience Significant Growth.



 MORPC is working with utility partners, including Columbia Gas, to expand
demand side

 management programs to coincide with predicted, regional growth. MORPC
disagrees with the

 recommendation of Ohio Consumers' Counsel ("OCC") and Northwest Ohio
Aggregation

 Coalition ("NOAC") that non-low-income efficiency efforts be diminished or
discontinued.1

 MORPC is a voluntary association of more than 60 local governments and regional
organizations

 that is representative of the rural, urban and suburban communities in a 15
county area2 and will

 be working with Columbia and other utilities to deploy energy efficiency
education and

 implementation across the region. The 15 counties include Franklin, Delaware,
Union, Logan,

 Marion, Morrow, Knox, Licking, Fairfield, Perry, Hocking, Pickaway, Ross,
Fayette, and

 Madison.

 Many local government leaders understand that energy efficiency is an important
part of a

 path towards the success of their communities in terms of environmental health
and economic

 growth. The marketplace for energy is being transformed with new end-user
technologies that is

 increasingly empowering consumers to become more sophisticated with managing
their energy

 use. However, barriers still remain preventing the full adoption of all
cost-effective energy

 efficiency.

 1 See OCC Comments at page 26: "The PUCO should order a phase-out of consumer
subsidies for

 Columbia's non-low-income programs." See NOAC Comments at page 1: "In this
instance, we believe the right thing

 is for the Commission to reject [Columbia's] proposed DSM programs begun in
2008." (Both sets of Comments were

 filed August 15, 2016).

 2 http://www.morpc.org/about-morpc/index

 3

 Much more than can be achieved in Central Ohio in terms of energy efficiency
education

 and energy usage management. The DSM programs, such as the Online Energy Audit
and

 ENERGY STAR Portfolio Manager, are critical tools in the education and adoption
of energy

 efficiency by consumers to provide the opportunity to measure and track energy
usage. Thereby,

 the consumer can begin to understand, manage and take action to reduce energy
use through

 behavioral change or technology upgrades. These achievements will assist in the
reduction of

 above-average energy usage and stabilize the significant, predicted growth in
the region.

 The region currently is at a disadvantage because it has a higher per capita
energy use than

 the rest of Ohio and the United States by 3% and 8%, respectively. This fact
was identified as part

 of the Regional Energy Action Plan released in 2014 by MORPC and the National
Association of

 Regional Councils (NARC).3 This report also featured a set of recommendations
including

 proactive energy planning to achieve a shared vision through uniting resources
and strategic

 partners.4

 Meanwhile, the MORPC region has tremendous opportunities with the growth of at
least

 25% in population over the next several decades. This growth will also result
in a change in

 demographics, which challenges the local planning efforts of MORPC's member
governments.

 The region will add more than 500,000 people by 2050 and currently on a faster
paced trajectory

 to increase by 1 million.5 Local planners are learning how best to accommodate
this growth, which

 will include the redevelopment of 1 billion square feet of building space.
During this critical

 3 Please See Regional Energy Action Plan for the Columbus Region (July 10,
2014) Executive Summary at page 2

 (http://www.morpc.org/pdf/2014RegionalEnergyActionReport_ExecSum.pdf).

 4 Id., Introduction at pp 4-6
(http://www.morpc.org/pdf/2014RegionalEnergyActionReport_Intro.pdf).

 5 See the charted growth at http://getinsight2050.org/.

 4

 planning and development period, there is the opportunity to present and deploy
energy efficiency

 retrofits and demand-side management programs during these transformations to
manage growth

 and an already above-average energy usage.

 Local leaders are stepping up to meet this challenge in terms of energy. For
example, the

 Franklin County Board of Commissioners are pursuing an energy strategy that
will align regional

 initiatives and develop an energy baseline, goals, and metrics. This work will
implement actionable

 priorities that aim at driving a reduction of the per capita energy consumption
and increase the use

 of clean energy technologies throughout the County. It will also support the
county's "Smart

 Works in Franklin County" initiative6 that has invested in energy as a top
strategy to improve the

 opportunity of economic development by investing in a regional energy fund to
finance

 commercial energy building improvements. If effectively leveraged, this type of
work can provide

 the platform for Columbia and other utilities to support energy education and
market their energy

 efficiency programs for increased cost-sharing of retrofits.

 II. MORPC Will Work with Columbia Gas and Other Utilities to Increase DSM

 Program Visibility and Participation.

 Columbia Gas will form a partnership with local governments. Similar to those
in other

 regional government associations, the MORPC member governments are best
positioned to

 become local ambassadors for their constituents, totaling 2 million residents
in the Central Ohio

 region, to participate in energy efficiency programs. Existing networks of
local groups and

 municipal services can be tapped for reaching residents and businesses.

 6 See: https://www.franklincountyohio.gov/smartworks/.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              270 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                              May 16, 2010 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

Lambeau event to promote militarism

BYLINE: Nine members of Madison chapter of Veterans for Peace

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. WEB

LENGTH: 564 words


A large-scale event titled LZ Lambeau has been organized for May 21-23 in Green
Bay, ostensibly to honor veterans who served in Vietnam. Up to 100,000 people
are expected.

The event is being sponsored by the Wisconsin Historical Society, the state
Department of Veterans Affairs, Wisconsin Public Television, and several
veterans organizations

Why now, after almost 40 years? Post 9/11 hysteria has diminished and the
American people are finally losing patience with yet another seemingly endless
war.

We no longer have the industrial base to manufacture our way out of economic
hardship as we did during World War II. The "sucking sound" Ross Perot warned us
about has come to pass, as corporations export good-paying jobs and avoid taxes
by locating over seas.

The free fall in the value of our homes has also drastically diminished the tax
base of all levels of government. Yet our federal government continues to spend
an average of $1.1 million a year for each soldier we send to Iraq and
Afghanistan. We do this as our infrastructure deteriorates, our education system
is no longer competitive, and other basic government functions can no longer be
properly funded. Even our food and water are no longer reliably inspected due to
budget cuts.

Unsustainable levels of spending on this endless war on terror is economic
suicide.

More than 80 percent of the causalities in the war on terror are civilians, most
innocent bystanders or "collateral damage," to use the current euphemism. There
have been hundreds of thousands of such casualties in Iraq, Afghanistan and
Pakistan during the last nine years. Each injury or death may radicalize the
family, friends, neighbors and countrymen to take up arms against our country.
The war on terror is disastrously counterproductive.

The events at LZ Lambeau (LZ stands for Landing Zone) seem more intended to
promote militarism, support for the war on terror, and to boost military
recruitment than to honor Vietnam veterans.

The military equipment on display will be current as well as of Vietnam vintage,
and clearly is intended to impress the many high school students who will be
taken to this event on May 21. The display of pride and camaraderie by aging
Vietnam veterans is also ripe for exploitation by military recruiters to impress
impressionable young people to join the military.

At 2 p.m. students will be on hand to view a thousand or more veteran and
nonveteran motorcyclists, with helicopter escorts, come rumbling along a parade
route up to the Moving Wall with the names of Americans who died in Vietnam.

The use of the voice and image of well-known Madison peace activist and Veterans
for Peace member Will Williams to promote this event is a classic bait and
switch. Will Williams agreed to help promote the event to provide balance to an
otherwise pro-war event. So far he is being denied the opportunity to be an
integral part of the event at Lambeau field and speak on behalf of peace. As
veterans, people of conscience and members of Veterans for Peace, we strongly
object.

This column was submitted by nine members of Veterans for Peace, Clarence Kailin
Chapter 25, Madison. They are Army veterans Will Williams, Donald F. McKeating
Jr., Buzz Davis, Elton Tylenda, Paul McMahon and Dick Grum, and Navy veterans
Craig Fabian, Dennis Coyier, and Todd E. Dennis.

Posted in Column on Sunday, May 16, 2010 4:55 am Updated: 9:22 am

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              271 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             August 7, 2015 Friday

Sjodin's killer questions juror conduct in death penalty sentencing

BYLINE: STEVE WAGNER Forum News Service

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 560 words


FARGO - The man sentenced to death for the 2003 kidnapping and murder of Dru
Sjodin is claiming juror misconduct during his trial.

Next month, a federal judge is set to hear arguments related to a 2011 motion by
attorneys for Alfonso Rodriguez Jr. His lawyers filed a habeas corpus motion
outlining reasons the former Crookston, Minn., man should not be executed and
now appear to claim juror misconduct during his trial.

Rodriguez, 62, remains on death row at a federal maximum security prison in
Terre Haute, Ind.

The court docket shows Rodriguez's attorneys are claiming juror misconduct, but
documents detailing the allegation, including prosecutors' response to it, are
sealed in advance of a Sept. 8 hearing before U.S. District Judge Ralph Erickson
in Fargo.

A single docket entry from June notes prosecutors responding to "alleged juror
misconduct." The paperwork responds to documents filed by defense attorneys in
March.

Attorneys for Rodriguez also are requesting "temporary and partial closure" of
the upcoming court hearing, which was set to address the pending habeas corpus
motion, considered a last resort appeal to overturn Rodriguez's death sentence.
The U.S. Supreme Court turned down his earlier appeals.

In the latest arguments, death penalty attorneys claim Rodriguez didn't receive
effective counsel at trial, was insane at the time of the crime and that he is
mentally diminished, making him ineligible for the death penalty.

Richard Ney, a death penalty expert, was among the defense attorneys appointed
to represent Rodriguez before and during the 2006 trial. Ney and West Fargo
attorney Robert Hoy, a former Cass County state's attorney, filed a litany of
motions prior to the trial, including claims Rodriguez was mentally diminished.

In 2003, Rodriguez stabbed and kidnapped Sjodin, a Pequot Lakes, Minn., native
attending the University of North Dakota, while she talked on a cellphone in a
Grand Forks mall parking lot. An extensive search ensued, and five months later
she was found dead in a rural ravine near Crookston.

A jury of seven women and five men unanimously convicted Rodriguez, a known sex
offender with a 32-year history of attacking women, and recommended he should be
put to death by lethal injection.

The trial marked the first-ever federal death penalty case in North Dakota,
which abolished the state's capital punishment law in 1973. The death sentence
also marked the first time in more than 90 years that a defendant had been
ordered to death in any case within the state.

The Rodriguez trial featured three phases: guilt, eligibility for the death
penalty and the sentence.

In the final phase, it took three votes for jurors to reach a unanimous verdict
to recommend the death penalty sentence, which Erickson later ordered to be done
in South Dakota.

Afterward, juror Arlys Carter said the first two votes came back 11-1 for death,
with one person being a "question mark." A third vote brought the unanimous
decision.

"I think he changed his mind on his own," Carter said at the time. "He wouldn't
have gone along with the group."

Assistant U.S. Attorney Keith Reisenauer said Thursday he could not comment
about the pending motion and claims.

"Until I know what's going on, I'm not going to comment," said Luke Lillehaugen,
one of the jurors for the trial. Attempts to reach nine of the other were
unsuccessful Thursday.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2015 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              272 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                          December 23, 1992 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

CLINTON LOSES HIS COOL WITH FEMINIST 'BEAN COUNTERS'

BYLINE: PILITA CLARK Herald Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 560 words


WASHINGTON, Tuesday: A testy President-elect, Mr Bill Clinton, yesterday berated
feminist "bean counters" who were attacking him for not appointing more women to
his 14-member Cabinet.

At a press conference in Little Rock, Arkansas, where he announced his second
female Cabinet nominee, Mr Clinton came close to losing his infamous temper as
reporters questioned him about the campaign by women's groups to force him to
appoint more

women.

Until yesterday, he had appointed only one woman to his Cabinet - Ms Donna
Shalala as the Health and Human Services Secretary.

Two sub-Cabinet positions have gone to Ms Laura Tyson, the chairwoman of the
Council of Economic Advisers, and Ms Carol Browner, the Environmental Protection
Agency administrator.

Yesterday, Mr Clinton named a black lawyer, Ms Hazel O'Leary, as Energy
Secretary, taking the number of blacks in his Cabinet to a record three. The
Mississippi congressman, Mr Mike Espy, may become the fourth black member if Mr
Clinton appoints him Agriculture Secretary, as is rumoured.

But some Hispanic groups and women's representatives are demanding more from the
man who spent a good part of his election campaign promising a Cabinet that
would "look more like America".

Asked about another meeting feminist representatives held yesterday with his
transition chairman, Mr Vernon Jordan, to discuss the preponderance of white men
in the Cabinet so far, Mr Clinton snapped: "I must say, I think it is amazing
that some representatives of some groups have diminished the appointments of
Carol Browner and Laura Tyson.

"They're playing quota games and math games and they have diminished the
chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers and the director of the
Environmental Protection Agency. And they would have been counting those
positions against our administration, those bean counters who are doing that, if
I had appointed white men to those positions. And you know that's true.

"The people who are doing this talking are, by and large, are talking about
quotas. I don't believe in quotas. And they're checking on numbers.

"And let me just tell you, let's talk about Hazel O'Leary. I did not receive her
name from a single women's group or a single minority group. I got her name from
a friend of mine in the energy business."

When reporters tried to question him further, saying women's groups simply
wanted him to do better than Presidents Bush and Reagan, who had three women in
their Cabinets, Mr Clinton became red-faced and highly irritable and did not
want to say anything more about the issue.

He later calmed down and said he hoped to have more than three women in his
Cabinet.

He suggested that minority groups and feminists should appreciate that his
appointees would have more influence than those in Republican Cabinets because
they were there for their qualifications rather than their gender or ethnic
backgrounds.

The head of the National Organisation for Women, Ms Patricia Ireland, said
yesterday that women's demands were not unreasonable. "Women are looking for a
promise made to be a promise kept," she said.

Women's groups had hoped Mr Clinton's feminist wife, Hillary, would have had
more of an effect on his Cabinet choices, which are expected to be nearly
completed by Christmas.

Mr Clinton also announced the former South Carolina Governor, Mr Richard Riley,
as his choice for Education Secretary.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1992 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              273 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            September 5, 2010 Sunday
                         The New York Times on the Web

With Eye Offshore, Storm Diminishes

BYLINE: By ABBY GOODNOUGH and JOSEPH BERGER; Reporting was contributed by James
Barron from East Hampton, N.Y.; Abby Goodnough from Chatham, Mass.; Nate
Schweber from Montauk, N.Y.; and Katie Zezima from Nantucket, Mass.

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg.

LENGTH: 1037 words


CHATHAM, Mass. -- A diminished Tropical Storm Earl slapped at Nantucket and the
outer reaches of Cape Cod early Saturday but left barely a hint of damage,
allowing coastal homeowners and vacationers to exhale as the Labor Day weekend
got underway.

A hobbled version of the fearsome Category 4 hurricane it had been days earlier,
the storm caused high surf, minor street flooding and scattered power outages as
it passed about 90 miles southeast of Nantucket overnight. By dawn, it was
headed toward Nova Scotia as a still-weakening tropical storm and towns along
the Cape were assessing how soon they could reopen beaches for swimming.

''At this point it's almost business as usual,'' said Scott MacLeod, a spokesman
for the Massachusetts Emergency Management Agency. ''The biggest issue we had
was some very localized flooding, and at this point even that has been
resolved.''

In the end, Nantucket, which had expected the worst of the storm, got only about
two inches of rain and did not even appear to have downed trees.

The fact that it did not produce the expected clout did not mean that Earl had
no impact. In Kill Devil Hills, on North Carolina's Outer Banks, it deluged the
streets enough to allow Kellie Maier to paddle her kayak among the cars. It shut
beaches in East Hampton on Long Island, where officials blocked access with
yellow ropes and ominous black and orange signs warning ''No swimming.''

Still, the wet weather didn't deter people from enjoying their Friday evenings.
While most businesses in Nantucket closed early, some bars and restaurants
stayed open as long as possible, with some even hosting ''hurricane parties.''
Many revelers there taunted the hurricane with signs including, ''Dear Earl,
please come in and have a drink,'' and ''Earl, we are open.''Across the eastern
seaboard, Earl played havoc with Labor Day travel, prompting a suspension of
Amtrak train service between New York and Boston until Saturday morning and
leading Continental Airlines alone to cancel 60 flights. It shut boat harbors
and the airport on Nantucket, leaving the island without a direct connection to
the Massachusetts mainland.

Still, at a Friday briefing, emergency officials in the town of Chatham, Mass.,
on Cape Cod, said the diminished storm would likely leave only scattered power
failures and downed trees.

''Basically, we're considering it a major northeaster,'' and we're used to
that,'' said Michael Ambriscoe, the fire chief in Chatham. ''We just want the
tourists to stay inside and not go running down to the beach.''

Mostly, as it skimmed over the ocean close to the Eastern Seaboard, it put a lot
of people from the Carolinas to Cape Cod through time-consuming exercises they
might have traded for more pleasurable activities. By nightfall, some had made
the trade.

In Montauk, on eastern Long Island, rain fell and a steady wind blew between 8
and 10 p.m., when meteorologists had predicted that Earl would pass closest to
New York State. By 11 p.m. Friday, the National Hurricane Center had downgraded
Earl to a tropical storm with winds of 70 miles per hour, and had altered or
lifted warnings in several parts of New England.

After scraping Long Island, Earl moved farther up the Atlantic in a northeast
direction, pulling away from the coast as it dropped heavy rains on Nantucket
and other parts of Massachusetts just before midnight.

On Nantucket, some revelers determined to brave the storm ran through the
streets screaming, including one man in red pajamas and a black belt. Others ran
with parkas on, splashing in the deepening puddles trying to get home.

Ben Barry, 29, Jen Early, 25, and Meghan Chadsey, 27, were making a hurricane
pub crawl.

''Everyone's so worried about the hurricane that no one's going to enjoy it,''
Mr. Barry said. ''And there's nothing else to celebrate right now.''

As a heavy rain fell, patrons at the Boarding House danced to Jay-Z, seemingly
oblivious to the worsening storm outside.

Kevin Murphy, 48, came from Manhattan to Nantucket just to ride out the storm.

''I'm really excited,'' he said. ''You have to live for the moment.''

Back on Long Island, Bart Schwarz, 27, a surf instructor and bartender in
Montauk, was out drinking beer with friends on Friday evening at one of several
hurricane parties in town. Mr. Schwarz said there were fewer people in Montauk
than on a customary Labor Day weekend, but that those who were there were just
as festive.

''It seems like another normal party weekend,'' he said. ''I'm sure a lot of
people didn't come out, but I think the worst of it is over.''

Earlier, as torrential rain fell in Brookhaven and swells rose to 16 feet off
Smith Point on Fire Island, mariners spent the day lashing their boats to docks
or removing them from the water. Carl Darenberg, 60, the owner of Montauk
Maritime Basin, hauled out 50 of the 150 boats moored there, which he said was
typical a normal number for a big summer storm.

''You never know where a hurricane is going,'' he said. ''It could go 100 miles
to the west and be devastating, or it could go 100 miles to the east and give us
nothing.''

Andrew Derr, 37, a fishing guide who lives in Greenport, placed his 23-foot boat
on a homebound trailer.

''I pulled it so I could sleep at night and not have to think about the storm
surge,'' he said. ''Now I just need to not have a tree fall on it.''

In a more delicate exercise, Jennifer Brooke, 47, a filmmaker who lives in Sag
Harbor, took the precaution of wrapping bedsheets around her tomato plants.

''The thing I'm most worried about in this storm is my garden,'' she said.

Patrick Doherty, whose family owns the Ben Franklin variety store on Main Street
in Chatham, said he covered its plate-glass windows with boards for the first
time in 10 years.

''They were sitting in the basement collecting dust,'' he said. ''I figured I
might as well put them up for once.''

Outside, Sally McNicholas of Newton, Mass., was snapping pictures of her
children, with the store as a backdrop in front of the boarded windows. The
family decided to ride out the storm at its summer home in South Yarmouth after
hearing it had weakened.

''This way we can experience a hurricane without being in danger,'' Ms.
McNicholas said. ''Do you think I'm a bad mother?''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                              274 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            September 5, 2010 Sunday
                         The New York Times on the Web

With Eye Offshore, Storm Diminishes

BYLINE: By ABBY GOODNOUGH and JOSEPH BERGER; Reporting was contributed by James
Barron from East Hampton, N.Y.; Abby Goodnough from Chatham, Mass.; Nate
Schweber from Montauk, N.Y.; and Katie Zezima from Nantucket, Mass.

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg.

LENGTH: 1037 words


CHATHAM, Mass. -- A diminished Tropical Storm Earl slapped at Nantucket and the
outer reaches of Cape Cod early Saturday but left barely a hint of damage,
allowing coastal homeowners and vacationers to exhale as the Labor Day weekend
got underway.

A hobbled version of the fearsome Category 4 hurricane it had been days earlier,
the storm caused high surf, minor street flooding and scattered power outages as
it passed about 90 miles southeast of Nantucket overnight. By dawn, it was
headed toward Nova Scotia as a still-weakening tropical storm and towns along
the Cape were assessing how soon they could reopen beaches for swimming.

''At this point it's almost business as usual,'' said Scott MacLeod, a spokesman
for the Massachusetts Emergency Management Agency. ''The biggest issue we had
was some very localized flooding, and at this point even that has been
resolved.''

In the end, Nantucket, which had expected the worst of the storm, got only about
two inches of rain and did not even appear to have downed trees.

The fact that it did not produce the expected clout did not mean that Earl had
no impact. In Kill Devil Hills, on North Carolina's Outer Banks, it deluged the
streets enough to allow Kellie Maier to paddle her kayak among the cars. It shut
beaches in East Hampton on Long Island, where officials blocked access with
yellow ropes and ominous black and orange signs warning ''No swimming.''

Still, the wet weather didn't deter people from enjoying their Friday evenings.
While most businesses in Nantucket closed early, some bars and restaurants
stayed open as long as possible, with some even hosting ''hurricane parties.''
Many revelers there taunted the hurricane with signs including, ''Dear Earl,
please come in and have a drink,'' and ''Earl, we are open.''Across the eastern
seaboard, Earl played havoc with Labor Day travel, prompting a suspension of
Amtrak train service between New York and Boston until Saturday morning and
leading Continental Airlines alone to cancel 60 flights. It shut boat harbors
and the airport on Nantucket, leaving the island without a direct connection to
the Massachusetts mainland.

Still, at a Friday briefing, emergency officials in the town of Chatham, Mass.,
on Cape Cod, said the diminished storm would likely leave only scattered power
failures and downed trees.

''Basically, we're considering it a major northeaster,'' and we're used to
that,'' said Michael Ambriscoe, the fire chief in Chatham. ''We just want the
tourists to stay inside and not go running down to the beach.''

Mostly, as it skimmed over the ocean close to the Eastern Seaboard, it put a lot
of people from the Carolinas to Cape Cod through time-consuming exercises they
might have traded for more pleasurable activities. By nightfall, some had made
the trade.

In Montauk, on eastern Long Island, rain fell and a steady wind blew between 8
and 10 p.m., when meteorologists had predicted that Earl would pass closest to
New York State. By 11 p.m. Friday, the National Hurricane Center had downgraded
Earl to a tropical storm with winds of 70 miles per hour, and had altered or
lifted warnings in several parts of New England.

After scraping Long Island, Earl moved farther up the Atlantic in a northeast
direction, pulling away from the coast as it dropped heavy rains on Nantucket
and other parts of Massachusetts just before midnight.

On Nantucket, some revelers determined to brave the storm ran through the
streets screaming, including one man in red pajamas and a black belt. Others ran
with parkas on, splashing in the deepening puddles trying to get home.

Ben Barry, 29, Jen Early, 25, and Meghan Chadsey, 27, were making a hurricane
pub crawl.

''Everyone's so worried about the hurricane that no one's going to enjoy it,''
Mr. Barry said. ''And there's nothing else to celebrate right now.''

As a heavy rain fell, patrons at the Boarding House danced to Jay-Z, seemingly
oblivious to the worsening storm outside.

Kevin Murphy, 48, came from Manhattan to Nantucket just to ride out the storm.

''I'm really excited,'' he said. ''You have to live for the moment.''

Back on Long Island, Bart Schwarz, 27, a surf instructor and bartender in
Montauk, was out drinking beer with friends on Friday evening at one of several
hurricane parties in town. Mr. Schwarz said there were fewer people in Montauk
than on a customary Labor Day weekend, but that those who were there were just
as festive.

''It seems like another normal party weekend,'' he said. ''I'm sure a lot of
people didn't come out, but I think the worst of it is over.''

Earlier, as torrential rain fell in Brookhaven and swells rose to 16 feet off
Smith Point on Fire Island, mariners spent the day lashing their boats to docks
or removing them from the water. Carl Darenberg, 60, the owner of Montauk
Maritime Basin, hauled out 50 of the 150 boats moored there, which he said was
typical a normal number for a big summer storm.

''You never know where a hurricane is going,'' he said. ''It could go 100 miles
to the west and be devastating, or it could go 100 miles to the east and give us
nothing.''

Andrew Derr, 37, a fishing guide who lives in Greenport, placed his 23-foot boat
on a homebound trailer.

''I pulled it so I could sleep at night and not have to think about the storm
surge,'' he said. ''Now I just need to not have a tree fall on it.''

In a more delicate exercise, Jennifer Brooke, 47, a filmmaker who lives in Sag
Harbor, took the precaution of wrapping bedsheets around her tomato plants.

''The thing I'm most worried about in this storm is my garden,'' she said.

Patrick Doherty, whose family owns the Ben Franklin variety store on Main Street
in Chatham, said he covered its plate-glass windows with boards for the first
time in 10 years.

''They were sitting in the basement collecting dust,'' he said. ''I figured I
might as well put them up for once.''

Outside, Sally McNicholas of Newton, Mass., was snapping pictures of her
children, with the store as a backdrop in front of the boarded windows. The
family decided to ride out the storm at its summer home in South Yarmouth after
hearing it had weakened.

''This way we can experience a hurricane without being in danger,'' Ms.
McNicholas said. ''Do you think I'm a bad mother?''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                              275 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Sunday News (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                              March 8, 2009 Sunday

Probing The Age Of Increasing Depression

BYLINE: Steve Cornell; Matters Of Faith

SECTION: P; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 671  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Feeling depressed? You're not alone. It could be a case of winter blues, or
maybe something worse. Estimates indicate that depression afflicts about 20
million Americans.

Depression is real and, as a recent commercial suggests, it hurts everyone.
Depression must be approached with care and sensitivity. But it is fair to ask
why there has been such a significant and relatively recent growth of
depression. Is it possible that our expectations for happiness are unrealistic?
A recent book suggests that this is the case and offers the additional concern
that we are misdiagnosing normal sadness as depressive disorder because we do
not understand the difference between the two.

In "The Loss of Sadness: How Psychiatry Transformed Normal Sadness Into
Depressive Disorder'' (Oxford University Press, 2007), Alan V. Horwitz and
Jerome C. Wakefield offer a perceptive analysis of what has been called the age
of depression. They suggest that the standard criteria for diagnosing depressive
disorder do not adequately distinguish intense normal sadness from biologically
disordered sadness. They offer a sensible critique of the "over-expansive
psychiatric definitions of disorder." They present extensive insight for
distinguishing "sadness due to internal dysfunction" from "sadness that is a
biologically designed response to external events."

When helping people evaluate whether they have major depressive episode, most
doctors use the accepted criteria of the "Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of
Mental Disorders," which is published by the American Psychiatric Association.
The manual requires that five symptoms out of the following nine be present
during a two-week period and must include one of the first two: depressed mood;
diminished interest or pleasure in activities; weight gain or loss or change in
appetite; insomnia or excessive sleep; psychomotor agitation or retardation
(slowing down); fatigue or loss of energy; feelings of worthlessness or
excessive or inappropriate guilt; diminished ability to think or concentrate or
indecisiveness; and recurrent thoughts of death or suicidal ideation or a
suicide attempt

The crossover of symptoms between normal and disordered sadness complicate the
use of the criteria. Primary care physicians often do not have the time to
adequately assess this distinction. This means that prescriptions are sometimes
written without thorough and balanced investigation of the sources of the
symptoms.

The authors argue that, "the recent explosion of putative depressive disorder,
in fact, does not stem primarily from a real rise in this condition. Instead, it
is largely a product of conflating the two conceptually distinct categories of
normal sadness and mental disorders. The current 'epidemic,' although the result
of many social factors, has been made possible by changed psychiatric definition
of depressive disorder that allows the classification of sadness as disease,
even when it is not."

Their chapters on the anatomy of normal sadness and the failure of the social
sciences to distinguish it from depressive disorder should be required reading
for all medical and psychiatric professionals. Although distinctions between
normal and disordered sadness are not always easily discernable, efforts to make
them should lead to more holistic care.

To avoid misunderstanding, I strongly believe, as do the authors, that many
people have been greatly helped with antidepressant medications. Those who
choose the medicinal track to overcome depression should not feel any
embarrassment or shame. But medication alone is not enough. We are more than
physical beings with neurological needs.

Treatment must be multidimensional because God created us as physical beings
with bodily needs, social beings with community needs, and spiritual beings in
need of a relationship with our creator.

Treatment that is holistic must look at each dimension in relation to the
others.

Steven W. Cornell is senior pastor at Millersville Bible Church. E-mail him at
s.cornell@millersvillebiblechurch.org

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Steve Cornell Matters Of Faith

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              276 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       May 14, 2015 Thursday 11:21 AM GMT

Long-term depression in over-50s could double stroke risk, study finds;
US study of more than 16,000 people suggests damage is done by depressive
symptoms accumulating over time

BYLINE: Haroon Siddique

SECTION: SCIENCE

LENGTH: 720 words


Long-term depression in people over 50 could more than double their risk of
suffering a stroke, with the risk remaining significantly higher even after the
depression allays, research suggests.

The US study of more than 16,000 people, which documented 1,192 strokes, found
that onset of recent depression was not associated with higher stroke risk,
suggesting the damage is done by depressive symptoms accumulating over time.

The study's lead author, Paola Gilsanz, from Harvard University's TH Chan School
of Public Health, said: "Our findings suggest that depression may increase
stroke risk over the long term. Looking at how changes in depressive symptoms
over time may be associated with strokes allowed us to see if the risk of stroke
increases after elevated depressive symptoms start or if risk goes away when
depressive symptoms do. We were surprised that changes in depressive symptoms
seem to take more than two years to protect against or elevate stroke risk."

The research, published on Wednesday in the Journal of the American Heart
Association, used data from between 1998 and 2010 from the Health and Retirement
Study, which interviews a panel of representative Americans aged over 50 every
two years, on their depressive symptoms, history of stroke, and stroke risk
factors.

Gilsanz, with colleagues from universities in Washington, California and
Minnesota, and Bronx Partners for Healthy Communities, found that people with
high depressive symptoms at two consecutive interviews had a 114% higher risk of
suffering a first stroke, compared with people without depression at either
interview. Those who had depressive symptoms at one interview but not at the
next had a 66% higher risk.

The researchers did not evaluate whether depressive symptoms diminished because
of treatment but their findings suggest that even if treatment is effective, it
may not have immediate benefits for stroke risk. They found that diminished
depression may have a stronger effect on stroke risk in women than in men. The
authors say that their work, together with previous research, point to a need
for clinicians to treat depressive symptoms as early as possible.

Study senior author Maria Glymour, from the University of California San
Francisco School of Medicine, said: "Although we now know that depression
strongly predicts stroke on par with many other major stroke risk factors, we
still need research to understand exactly why this link occurs and whether we
can potentially reduce stroke risk by treating depression."

Previous research has shown that depression is associated with an increased risk
of high blood pressure, abnormalities of the autonomic nervous system and
increased inflammatory responses. It might trigger underlying vascular problems,
including infection or atrial fibrillation, and depressed people are also more
likely to smoke and be less physically active.

Dr Shamim Quadir, research communications manager at UK charity the Stroke
Association, said: "The links between depression and stroke are still unclear,
but this latest study suggests that over the long term, depression could lead to
damage within the body's cardiovascular system.

"Anyone feeling depressed or concerned about their risk of stroke should speak
to their GP."

A separate study, which followed almost 140,000 adults in 17 countries, has
found that testing hand-grip strength could be a cheap and easy way to predict
stroke and heart attack risk.

The research, published in the Lancet on Thursday, found that every 5kg decline
in grip strength, measured using a handgrip dynamometer, was associated with a
9% increase in the risk of having a stroke and 7% rise in the risk of having a
heart attack.

Each 5kg decline was also associated with a 17% greater risk of cardiovascular
death and mortality, an identical increased risk of non-cardiovascular mortality
and a 16% greater risk of death from any cause.

Lead author Dr Darryl Leong, from the Population Health Research Institute,
Hamilton Health Sciences and McMaster University, in Canada, said: "Grip
strength could be an easy and inexpensive test to assess an individual's risk of
death and cardiovascular disease.

"Further research is needed to establish whether efforts to improve muscle
strength are likely to reduce an individual's risk of death and cardiovascular
disease."

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              277 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           September 10, 2013 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

What to watch;
Has 'wall of worry' lost a brick or two?

BYLINE: Adam Shell, @adamshell, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 238 words


Just like that, optimism made a comeback on Wall Street, pushing pessimism to
the curb.

The Dow Jones industrial average, which had slid as much as 5.6% since its Aug.
2 record high amid fears about rising interest rates, a change in Federal
Reserve policy and angst about a U.S. military strike against Syria, has risen
in six of the past eight trading sessions. The Dow gained 141 points Monday.

What changed? The odds of many of the big worries hitting home soon appear to
have diminished.

The scary interest-rate spike, for example, has eased. The yield on the 10-year
Treasury note last week briefly eclipsed the key 3% level for the first time
since July 2011. But it has backed off the past two sessions, thanks to a
weaker-than-expected August jobs report released Friday. That raised hopes that
the Fed might delay dialing back its market-friendly bond-buying program. The
10-year yield closed at 2.91% Monday.

Similarly, market jitters about whether President Obama will strike the Syrian
regime of Bashar Assad have also diminished. The odds of a strike have dipped in
recent days. The president announced over the Labor Day weekend that he would
seek congressional authorization for a strike.

And on Monday, Russia proposed that Syria hand over its chemical weapons so that
they can be destroyed. That new development helped quiet a highly volatile
situation and raised hopes for a political, rather than a military solution.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2013 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              278 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Telegraph (Australia)

                            July 11, 2012 Wednesday
                               1 - State Edition

Killer happy to watch soapie

BYLINE: PAMELA OWEN

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 418  words


A MAN who killed a student in a random attack has told a court he likes prison
because he gets to watch hit soapie Coronation Street.

Kiaran Stapleton, who earlier told the court he wanted to be called ``Pyscho''
throughout his trial, denies a charge of murder but admits gunning down Indian
student Anuj Bidve -- on the grounds of diminished responsibility.

Stapleton walked up to the 23-year-old and his friends in suburban Manchester
and asked them for the time. Without warning, he fired one shot to his victim's
head.

Brian Cummings QC asked him during cross examination if he had hoped the
psychiatric reports considering the issue of diminished responsibility would be
in his favour.

``To be honest, I'm not bothered,'' he said. ``I love prison. I watch Coronation
Street. I have got a fat canteen. Lock me up for 65 years.''

Looking to the jury from the witness box, he added: ``Does this face look
bothered? I have even got a new rug and bedding coming for my cell. I'm not
bothered.''

Earlier he had been accused of mocking his trial with a remark about his
goldfish.

Stapleton claims a ``killer'' teardrop tattoo he had inked on his face was not
referring to the Boxing Day shooting but the death of his fish.

Yesterday he told a jury at Manchester Crown Court that he did not want to
discuss the goldfish because he might receive letters about ``animal cruelty''
in prison.

Mr Cummings asked him why he decided to get the tattoo two days after the
killing.

Stapleton explained to the court that he knew that it had several meanings,
including signifying it meant the wearer had killed someone. He claims he told
staff at the tattoo shop that he had killed his goldfish.

``I don't wish to discuss that,'' he said. ``I might have animal cruelty sending
letters to me at HMP Manchester.''

Stapleton also admitted he told a prosecution psychiatrist there was ``no light
at the end of the tunnel'' if he were to be convicted of murder.

But a manslaughter verdict would get him help with his diagnosed dangerous
personality disorder, he said.

Stapleton said he told experts he could not explain why he had shot Mr Bidve.

The jury was also played an audio recording of a prison phone conversation
between the defendant and his brother Kyle last week.

During the call, Stapleton said he failed to understand why it was said in court
that his mother could not afford to buy a $50 cardigan.

``What they on about? We have cannabis farms all over and have more guns than
the police,'' he said to his brother.

The trial continues.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTM


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              279 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 2, 2012 Sunday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Hoyas, other holdovers prepare for a new Big East

BYLINE: Liz Clarke

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D07

LENGTH: 848 words


For all the hits the Big East has taken in the past year, John Thompson Jr. has
no doubt that Hoyas basketball remains strong.

And should other conference members follow Syracuse, Pittsburgh, Louisville and
others out the door, the Hall of Fame coach who spent nearly 27 seasons on the
Hilltop insists that Georgetown's stature and brand will remain unscathed, even
if the league dissolves entirely.

"Georgetown was good before the Big East, and we'll be good if there's no Big
East!" Thompson declared during a brief interview following Friday night's game
between the Hoyas, now led by his son, and Tennessee. "We hope there is a Big
East; we certainly do hope. But we're not sitting here crying and worrying and
wondering whether this is going to be a good program because of the Big East."

Still, Georgetown and the other basketball-centric founding members of the Big
East weren't calling the shots in the scramble to replace the teams that are
bolting for the ACC, Big Ten and Big 12. Last week, Louisville became the
seventh Big East in the past year-plus to announce its departure, saying it
would join the ACC in 2014.

And the consensus is that the exodus isn't over. Connecticut and Cincinnati have
their bags packed, just waiting for another conference to take them in.

On one hand, the cherry-picking of the Big East schools with high-level football
programs shouldn't concern Georgetown. The Big East apportions its revenue from
two pots; basketball-only schools have never shared in the league's football
revenue.

But on the other hand, it is a concern when the defecting football schools
happen to be basketball powers, as well - as is the case of Syracuse, Louisville
and Pittsburgh, in particular. They're not only taking their football revenue
and prime TV markets from the Big East, they're also stripping the league of
much of its basketball luster.

And for all of Georgetown's achievements - Thompson's 1984 NCAA championship
chief among them - Hoya basketball is no doubt diminished when the caliber of
its Big East peer group is diminished.

Consider the basketball credentials of the outgoing Big East members.

Louisville, Notre Dame, Pittsburgh, Rutgers, Syracuse and West Virginia have won
three NCAA championships and appeared in 18 NCAA Final Fours. Five of those
Final Four appearances have come in the past 20 years.

Compare that with the credentials of the schools taking their place - Central
Florida, Houston, Memphis, Southern Methodist, Temple and Tulane. They have won
zero NCAA championships and appeared in 11 NCAA Final Fours. Only one of those
Final Four appearances has come in the past 20 years (Memphis, 2008), and that
was vacated because of NCAA violations.

"There is no way that league is going to be viewed as having the same strength,"
ESPN analyst Jay Bilas said. "Losing Syracuse, Louisville, Pitt - some of the
top-earning brands - and replacing them with Tulane, East Carolina [which will
compete in football only] and Temple? That doesn't pass the straight-face test."

So what should Georgetown do?

Former Seton Hall coach Bill Raftery, now an analyst for CBS and ESPN, believes
Georgetown should stand pat and make the best of the new Big East.

"It may not be not as glamorous in their eyes, but there will still be a number
of these very fine schools that are really good in basketball that will still be
invited to the NCAA tournament," Raftery said. The Big East "will never get 11
[teams in the NCAA tournament] again or even eight, but maybe four or five.

"Can it slowly get back the image or notoriety that they once had? It can't
happen right away. But I think there are enough solid schools philosophically
that can weather this storm. I always say, 'You take the hit and keep doing what
you're doing.' "

Syracuse Coach Jim Boeheim notes that the reformulated Big East will still have
several good basketball teams, such as Georgetown, Marquette, Villanova and
Memphis.

"All those teams have had success," Boeheim said. "It's just a completely
different league. It's no longer the Big East; it's
whatever-you-want-to-call-it."

Asked whether he felt the basketball-only schools would be better served by
forming their own league, Boeheim cautioned that he was "not smart enough" to
figure it out. But it's a plausible scenario, he added.

"There's no reason that there couldn't be a viable basketball conference - a
very good basketball conference." Boeheim said. "I don't know if they'll go that
way or not."

As Bilas sees it, the Big East's basketball schools have little leverage in
decisions about their future in a college sports world that's predicated on the
money generated by big-time football. "I think they're in a bad spot," he said.
"The ground underneath them has shifted."

The only bad option, he said, is pining for the past.

"These aren't leagues anymore; they are loose associations," Bilas said. "They
are consortia that have very little in common except for their common pursuit of
revenue."

clarkel@washpost.com

More on the Hoyas:

Georgetown escapes with win over Tennessee

Friday's box: Georgetown 37, Tennessee 36

Big East standings

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              280 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 16, 2014 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Denominations Downsizing and Selling Assets in More Secular Era

BYLINE: By MICHAEL PAULSON

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 1270 words


BOSTON -- The American Unitarian Association, peopled and powered by this city's
Brahmin elite, announced its presence here in 1886 with a grand and stately
headquarters at the very top of Beacon Hill, right next door to the Statehouse.

If anyone doubted the denomination's might, its next move made it clear: In
1927, strapped for space, the Unitarians finished building a new home next to
the capitol on the other side, even persuading the legislature to change the
street's numbering so they could take their address with them.

But the Unitarian Universalist Association, as the denomination is now known, is
selling its headquarters building, as well as two grand homes and an office
building it owns in the same neighborhood. It is leaving behind the red brick
sidewalks, gas streetlamps and superrich neighbors for a section of South Boston
the city has designated an ''innovation district,'' home to up-and-coming
technology and arts businesses.

The move -- expected to bring tens of millions of dollars to the denomination --
puts the Unitarians in increasingly familiar company. Multiple religious
denominations, citing everything from diminished financial resources to a need
for more contemporary office space, are simultaneously downsizing and raising
money by selling longtime headquarters in expensive neighborhoods. The moves
come at a time when increasing secularization in the United States is taking a
toll on many religious institutions, although most say the reasons for their
relocations are not solely financial.

The Jehovah's Witnesses, based in Brooklyn since 1909, have been selling their
34 buildings in the sought-after neighborhoods of Brooklyn Heights and Dumbo,
saying they need more modern facilities. The denomination is building a modern
world headquarters on a 253-acre property in the Hudson Valley town of Warwick
and plans to move in 2017.

The United Methodists, based in Nashville, are selling their publishing house
properties in downtown Nashville, noting a reduced need for space because of
changes in the publishing industry. They also have a financial opportunity: The
nearby construction of the Music City convention center greatly increased the
value of the Methodist real estate; the publishing house, best known as
Cokesbury, plans to move within Nashville.

The American Baptist Churches, whose workers once filled all three floors of an
office building in King of Prussia, Pa., have long since acknowledged the
denomination's diminished space needs by renting part of the building to a
seminary and several companies; now, after a casino opened across the street,
the denomination has begun exploring the sale of the property that has been its
headquarters for half a century; if the denomination moves, it plans to stay in
the Philadelphia area.

And the Reform Jewish movement, which in 1999 sold its longtime headquarters on
Fifth Avenue in Manhattan, is downsizing again, selling one of the two floors it
occupies in Midtown. The denomination said enough staff members were working
remotely that it needed less space; some employees are being moved to the
movement's seminary campus in Lower Manhattan, and a portion of the sale
proceeds is being used to help reinvigorate a youth outreach program.

The actions follow a period of relative stability. Churches moved frequently
from the Colonial era through the 19th century, but less often in the 20th
century, as they became wealthier and acquired better holdings, according to
James Hudnut-Beumler, a professor of American religious history at Vanderbilt
University. But now denominations are pondering whether some properties ''have
outlived their usefulness.''

''They're finding themselves pressed for finances, and making some hard choices
about property, and so we're seeing more sales in the last decade than we had
for the last century,'' Professor Hudnut-Beumler said. ''The first things to go
were camps and conference centers, and now there is some downsizing of
prime-location land, churches and facilities.''

Some denominations are trying to keep their headquarters in place by finding
ways to generate revenue from underused space. The Episcopal Church, based in
Manhattan, has rebuffed periodic calls for a move to someplace less expensive,
and instead rents out excess space in its headquarters building to the Haitian
Consulate, a French-American school and the Ad Council. And Christian Science,
based in Boston, has leased much of its headquarters property to Northeastern
University and several technology companies, and has agreed to sell two
adjoining parcels for high-rise development.

''One of the qualities that God gives us is intelligence,'' said Harley Gates,
the senior manager of real estate, planning and operations for the First Church
of Christ, Scientist, as the Christian Scientists are formally known. ''It's
smart to use your assets wisely, and that's what this was to us.''

Catholic dioceses have been systematically unloading real estate for years, in
part because of the financial toll of the clergy sexual abuse crisis. In Boston,
the Catholic archdiocese sold its leafy campus, with a three-story home for the
archbishop, a tomb for one of his predecessors and a chancery for the staff, in
2004; the church moved its headquarters to a suburban office park near a highway
interchange. In the years since, multiple other dioceses have sold or said they
intended to sell their chanceries, including Brooklyn; Charleston, S.C.;
Detroit; Green Bay, Wis.; Los Angeles; Orange County, Calif.; and Spokane, Wash.
In most cases the reason was financial issues, but in some cases it was diocesan
growth or a need for office modernization.

The Unitarian Universalists' sale stands out because of that denomination's long
and close association with Boston. The move is also striking because the
denomination's membership numbers are not falling -- the official membership is
low, about 160,000, but has remained flat as mainline Protestant rolls have
dwindled -- and denominational officials say their finances are reasonably
healthy. Instead, they say they are moving because their buildings (including
the offices of their publishing house, Beacon Press, and the two residences,
used for visiting clergy members) would require millions of dollars to upgrade.

On Thursday, the denomination plans to close on the sale of its headquarters and
the two guesthouses to a developer who would most likely convert the buildings
to high-end condominiums; the office building remains on the market. Real estate
experts have estimated that the denomination could raise $30 million to $50
million from the sales, and the denomination has not disputed those figures.

The denomination's president, the Rev. Peter Morales, noted that the Beacon Hill
location, while rich with history, ''also symbolizes a kind of elitism that
we're moving away from.'' In the new location, a gutted 19th-century warehouse,
workers, accustomed to private offices, will find clusters of cubicles separated
by felt drapes. Denominational officials, who now cherish the golden light of
the sunset reflected off the Statehouse dome, will instead look out at a parking
garage. And visitors, accustomed to staying in colonial brownstones, will now be
offered discounted rooms at a Club Quarters.

Mr. Morales called the existing headquarters -- including an archival vault,
whose treasures include a lock of a prominent early Unitarian's hair -- ''a
building that was really designed for another organization in another era.''

''Given the changes that are happening in religion today,'' he said, ''we all
have to move to the innovation district.''

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/03/16/us/denominations-downsizing-and-selling-assets
-in-more-secular-era.html

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: The Unitarian Universalist Association is selling its Boston
headquarters, top. Above right, work continued last month on the association's
new headquarters in an ''innovation district'' in South Boston. Above left,
properties in Brooklyn were recently sold by the Jehovah's Witnesses.
(PHOTOGRAPHS BY GRETCHEN ERTL FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES
 SPENCER PLATT/GETTY IMAGES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              281 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 30, 2014 Tuesday

Political Wake or Wake-Up? House Democrats to Mull 2016 Strategy

LENGTH: 1183  words

DATELINE: New Jersey


Global Association of Risk Professionals has issued the following news release:

Amid fretting over their diminished numbers and relevance, U.S. House Democrats
will head to Philadelphia to analyze their November election losses and plot a
comeback strategy.

This wound-licking after Congress convenes Jan. 6 won't be limited to the Nancy
Pelosi-led conference for 188 returning and new House Democrats Jan. 28-30. The
following week, a subgroup of about 60 members called the Congressional
Progressive Caucus will return to Philadelphia for another retreat, where
Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts is invited to speak.

"We've got to get ready for an alley fight" with House Republicans, said
Representative Raul Grijalva, an Arizona Democrat and progressive caucus
co-chairman with Representative Keith Ellison of Minnesota.

The question is what agenda House Democrats will push heading toward the 2016
presidential election year after losing 13 seats in the Nov. 4 election. The
247-188 House majority won by Republicans will be their largest since the
Congress elected in 1928. Democrats lost the majority to Republicans in 2010.

House Republicans, also buoyed by their party's takeover of the Senate, plan a
joint getaway with Senate Republicans on Jan. 15-16 in Hershey, Pennsylvania, to
plot legislative and political strategies.

Ross Baker, a political science professor at Rutgers University in New
Brunswick, New Jersey, said the Democratic retreats may turn out to be
therapeutic party soul-searching with a dash of hopeful cheerleading. He
predicted little of substance will emerge.

'Wholesale Turnover'

"In any organization other than the House Democratic caucus, an election result
as dismal as the one in November would have been cause for a wholesale turnover
in leadership, but that didn't happen," said Baker.

At the top remains Pelosi, 74, a Californian who served for two years as the
first female speaker of the House, surrendering the gavel to current Speaker
John Boehner after the 2010 election. She has taken exception to suggestions it
may be time for her to step aside and was re-elected by her colleagues last
month to lead the minority party again.

Much of the reason why Pelosi holds on to power is that she remains the party's
rainmaker. Her energy and drive, including raising more than $80 million in the
just-completed two-year election cycle, isn't letting up.

Sexist Overtones

Pelosi has said there are sexist overtones to the notion that she should move
along. She questioned how many times reporters asked that of incoming Senate
Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, 72, as his party had previously failed to
capture the Senate majority over three elections.

"As a woman, it's like, is there a message here?" asked Pelosi at a Nov. 13 news
conference.

While Republicans held no House seats in the six New England states in the past
two years, in November they picked up two Democratic seats in Maine and New
Hampshire, as well as several districts in New York state and elsewhere.

Some Democrats have complained that President Barack Obama didn't take a more
aggressive lead on an economic message and in touting Democrats' achievements
for working-class families.

Baker, the Rutgers professor, said House Democrats have a lot to decide about
how to position themselves in the next session, on the economy as well as their
basic constituencies and values.

Diminished Status

The diminished minority party status threatens to leave Democrats as even more
of an afterthought, and the reality is that Obama must work with Republican
leaders of the House and Senate to get things accomplished.

Aides to Pelosi and House Democratic Caucus Chairman Xavier Becerra of
California so far aren't saying what agenda topics, strategies and discussions
will be considered at the party retreat next month at the Sheraton Philadelphia
Society Hill Hotel.

Even before the 2014 midterm election results were in, Pelosi was softening the
blow by emphasizing to rank-and-file members a longer political view that the
2016 elections will bring a turnaround.

According to this view, having Hillary Clinton atop the Democratic presidential
ticket will boost party fundraising and drive turnout of women, minorities and
other Democrats to the polls --- benefiting the party up and down the ticket.
And that could propel the party back into the House majority.

This would depend on Clinton seeking and winning the presidency and Democrats
recapturing the seats they lost in 2014, plus many more.

Election Math

Baker said that while a presidential election year might bring optimism for
gains, he sees no election math that could add up to a Democratic return to the
House majority in two years.

"They should be meeting in Columbus or Jefferson City or St. Paul where the
state legislatures meet and draw up the congressional district maps. In that way
they can find salvation," said Baker.

Daniel Herrera, a Democratic caucus spokesman, wouldn't say whether Clinton has
been asked to appear at the House Democratic retreat next month. Some rank and
file House Democrats say they are looking toward a deeper discussion about their
own legislative roles in the next congressional session.

Ideological fissures already appear to be developing, as 57 House Democrats
joined 162 Republicans earlier this month in passing a $1.1 trillion spending
bill. Boehner, faced with a shortfall of Republican support, had to rely on
Obama's last- minute pleas to Democrats to help pass the measure.

Pelosi's Opposition

That came over the opposition of Pelosi and other Democrats to provisions
raising the maximum amount of money campaign donors can give to party
committees, and amending the Dodd-Frank bank regulation law to allow banks once
again to trade derivatives with government-insured funds.

Representative Jim McGovern of Massachusetts said he doesn't dispute that a huge
turnout in a presidential election year could turn things around for House
Democrats. Democrats already have the right message in calling for spreading
economic prosperity to all Americans, he said.

"I really do think it would be a mistake to rebrand ourselves," McGovern said.
"But I think before the next election, at least for the next few months, we need
to think about our own message and to think strategically about it, to be as
effective legislatively as we can."

Progressive Caucus

That also reflects the sentiment from Grijalva, co-chairman of the progressive
caucus that will hold its own retreat Feb. 6-7 at the Sonesta Philadelphia
hotel. Former Labor Secretary Hilda Solis has been invited to speak, along with
Warren, who hasn't yet said she will be there.

The progressive caucus represents a more liberal group than the full Democratic
House membership. Grijalva said a main emphasis will be that Democrats must draw
sharper policy contrasts between themselves and Republicans, and can no longer
wait for someone else to lead on economic, environmental and other issues.

"We are not going to wait on anybody," said Grijalva.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              282 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 26, 2009 Sunday

Man files defense late in Auditorium case

BYLINE: John Mangalonzo, The Hawk Eye, Burlington, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 465 words


Jul. 26--If a judge decides in favor of the prosecutor, then 42-year-old Jason
Lee Stott may not be able to use his diminished responsibility defense when his
assault case goes to trial next month.

Des Moines County prosecutor Jennifer Slocum said in court papers the New London
man had filed his notice of defense of diminished responsibility due to mental
illness too late. She said it needed to be filed by Jan. 17.

"Defendant filed said notice over five months after the deadline set forth in
the Iowa Rules of Criminal Procedure and did not provide any information to
allow the court to allow late filing for good cause," Slocum said.

In law, diminished responsibility is the doctrine that absolves an accused
person of part of the liability of a defendant's criminal act if he or she
suffers from such abnormality of mind as to substantially impair the defendant's
responsibility in committing or being a party to an alleged violation. The
doctrine provides a mitigating defense in cases in which the mental disease or
defect is not of such magnitude as to exclude criminal responsibility
altogether.

Stott, who is charged with the class-D felony of assault causing serious bodily
injury, also filed a disclosure of expert witness, which is a list of people who
is expected to vouch for his condition.

That, too, is flawed, according to the prosecutor.

Slocum described the filing as "facially deficient" because one of the witnesses
listed -- a licensed social worker -- does not qualify as an expert.

The next on the list vaguely stated "staff doctor or P.A. (physician's
assistant) of Sunrise Enterprise in Mount Pleasant."

"Clearly, the defendant has failed to give a name as required," Slocum wrote.

Police arrested Stott last September, shortly after an altercation with another
man at the Burlington Memorial Auditorium.

Authorities said the victim went to work that morning at the auditorium and was
confronted by Stott, who accused the other man of taking a power drill.

According to court papers, Stott allegedly grabbed the other man around the
throat and spun him around. The man suffered a broken hip after striking a metal
railing, police said.

A hearing on Slocum's motion to disallow the diminished responsibility defense
has not been scheduled.

For now, Stott's trial is slated to begin Aug. 11, which can still be moved
because he has waived his right to a speedy trial.

To see more of The Hawk Eye or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thehawkeye.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Hawk Eye, Burlington, Iowa
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090726-QW-Man-files-defense-late-in-Auditorium-case-0726

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QW


                                 Copyright 2009


                              283 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              July 5, 2011 Tuesday

Missing Berkeley cyclist might have had impaired judgment from fasting

BYLINE: By Kristin J. Bender Oakland Tribune

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 371 words


BERKELEY -- A former professional cyclist who was fasting and may have had
diminished physical strength and impaired judgment went on a bike ride Saturday
and has not returned.

Police have launched a search for Anthony Michael "Mike" Martin, a 29-year-old
physicist and former professional cyclist who was possibly riding his
fluorescent green and white road bike in the hills of Berkeley or Oakland,
police and friends said.

Another cyclist found Martin's cellphone on Tunnel Road near the Fire Storm
Memorial Garden in Oakland on Saturday and called his girlfriend from the phone
to return it.

Police said his girlfriend had spoken to him Saturday, when he told her he was
preparing for a bike ride, and the couple made plans to meet at his apartment
for an 8 p.m. dinner. When she went to his apartment near the UC Berkeley
campus, the lights were off and no one was home, police said.

His girlfriend reported him missing to police at 10:45 p.m. Saturday. Police
later forced entry into the apartment.

Martin was wearing street clothes, a gray and blue helmet, white cycling shoes,
and may have been carrying a blue Mountain Hardware brand backpack.

"Friends and neighbors are highly concerned for Mike because he had been
researching juice diets and fasting, and may have been malnourished. Although he
was an experienced cyclist, he may have been riding in steep terrain with
diminished physical strength and impaired judgment," a news release from friends
said. Attempts to reach friends were unsuccessful late Tuesday.

Martin has family in Florida, is an active member of University Lutheran Chapel
in Berkeley and works at a UC Berkeley lab, police and friends said.

"Mr. Martin is an accomplished, experienced cyclist and one of the many
challenges in this investigation is determining what route he may have taken of
so many that are possible in the Berkeley, Oakland, East Bay Regional Parks and
Contra Costa geographical areas," said Sgt. Mary Kusmiss. "Tunnel Road is a very
popular route to access many rides, some that travel long, windy roads that
cyclists share with vehicular traffic."

Martin is 6 feet tall, slender with brown hair and brown eyes. Anyone with
information should call Berkeley police at 510-981-5900.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Cyclist Anthony Michael Martin of Berkley has been reported as missing.
(Courtesy of Berkeley Police)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              284 of 997 DOCUMENTS

   $%Ledger (Lakeland, Florida) florida) florida) florida) florida) florida)

       December 28, 1999, Tuesday tuesday tuesday tuesday tuesday tuesday

HAINES CITY, POLK REACH FIRE PACT pact pact pact pact pact

BYLINE: AMBER GRIMES The Ledger ledger ledger ledger ledger ledger

SECTION: East Polk; Pg. F1 f1 f1 f1 f1 f1

LENGTH: 436 words words words words words words


HAINES CITY -- Haines City and Polk County Fire Services administrators have
come to an amicable agreement for providing fire protection.

Haines City commissioners have signed a new agreement to provide fire services
in the unincorporated areas for one year.

"Everything has been worked out," said Larry Alexander, the county public safety
director. "They have signed a new agreement and it will go before the County
Commission at the first meeting in January." january." january." january."
january." january."

Polk County has agreements with all the cities in the county with their own fire
departments to provide additional fire service for residents in unincorporated
areas, Alexander said.

Some cities have opted to sign a five-year contract; other cities, such as
Haines City, signed a one-year contract.

Tempers flared last month when County Manager Jim Keene wrote a letter to City
Manager Ann Toney-Deal criticizing her handling of the fire services contract.
Keene had been incorrectly informed that under Haines City's agreement, the city
had agreed to provide service for only three months.

Toney-Deal fired back with a letter explaining that commissioners, on advice
from the city attorney, had agreed to a one-year contract, but wanted to give
the County Commission only three months notice if they decided not to renew the
contract.

The verbal war also fueled rumors of the county taking over providing fire
services for the unincorporated Haines City area.

Alexander said the whole thing was a misunderstanding.

"Everything is back on track," Alexander said.

Toney-Deal said commissioners have signed another agreement that did away with
the three-month notification clause.

"Basically, now we don't have to notify the county if we aren't going to provide
the services," she said. "It will be up to the commissioners at budget time if
they want to renew the contract."

Haines City is reimbursed by the county for running fire calls in the
unincorporated areas. Currently, the city receives about $ 120,000 a year in
reimbursement costs.

Toney-Deal has pushed for more money, saying the majority of calls city
firefighters run are in the unincorporated areas. As yet, no additional funding
has been approved.

Haines City firefighters also run emergency medical calls in the unincorporated
areas, which is not a part of the contract agreement.

Alexander said he is pleased with the arrangement between Haines City and the
county.

"They do a good job," he said, adding that even in the midst of negotiations and
an unapproved contract, firefighters still responded to calls. "No service was
ever diminished." diminished." diminished." diminished." diminished." diminished
."

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 1999 1999 1999 1999 1999 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH english english english english english

 Copyright 1999 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation corporation corporation
                      corporation corporation corporation


                              285 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            December 28, 2008 Sunday
                                 FOURTH EDITION

Defense has been culprit in the Tigers' tumble in '08

BYLINE: By Vahe Gregorian St. Louis Post-Dispatch

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 1035 words


SAN ANTONIO - Contrary to the prevailing whim among a herd of Mizzou followers,
Tigers junior linebacker Sean Weatherspoon considers the scapegoated defensive
coordinator Matt Eberflus and says, "That's my guy."

"He recruited me out of Jasper, Texas, in the middle of nowhere," Weatherspoon
said Saturday as MU prepared to play Northwestern on Monday night in the Alamo
Bowl. "He found me somehow."

Weatherspoon's sentiment goes beyond gratitude.

He also has a belief in Eberflus that recently left him suggesting, albeit
playfully, that he would consider transferring to Toledo if Eberflus got the
head coaching job there.

To the chagrin of critics who see MU's fall from 12-2 last season to 9-4 this
season simply as the fault of his defense, Eberflus didn't get the job at his
alma mater.

But while Eberflus dismisses the squawking as part of the "ebb and flow" of the
business and doesn't elaborate on any toll the perception has had on him, it's
also clear that he takes it to heart.

"Obviously, our team has had some setbacks," he said last week in Columbia.
"When you have adversity, how do you act then? There's a life lesson that can be
taught here to these young men. ... Everything isn't always the way you plan it
to be in life. What's your response?"

Though Eberflus remains unfailingly pleasant, his "hot" demeanor in practice the
last few weeks has startled Weatherspoon.

"He's way-intense right now ... You wouldn't want to be around him," said
Weatherspoon, smiling and adding, "He doesn't really brow-beat you, (but) his
intensity level is just up at an all-time high.

"So hopefully it just rubs off on us."

DIMINISHED INTENSITY

With the losses of charismatic leaders Lorenzo Williams and Pig Brown from a
team last year that gave up 23 points a game but had a knack for the clutch
play, diminished intensity seems to have been a factor in a defense that
returned 10 starters but allowed 28 points a game and didn't come through in the
crucible of narrow losses to Oklahoma State and Kansas.

Those defeats changed the tint of the season.

Neither did being gouged for 118 points in losses to Texas and Oklahoma that
distinguish the group, whose signature mark has been surrendering 285 yards a
game in the air - an appalling 117th in the nation (out of 119 schools).

Not that it didn't have moments.

Weatherspoon put away the Illinois game with a 35-yard interception return for a
touchdown in the final minutes. In a 52-17 victory over Nebraska, the Tigers
held the Cornhuskers to 79 yards in 35 rushes.

In the 28-23 loss to Oklahoma State, MU held the Cowboys to half the points
they'd had in each of their previous four games.

Against Colorado, the Tigers racked up their first shutout of a conference foe
since the inception of the Big 12, and the first-team defense gave up just over
200 yards against Kansas State.

For all the grumbling, apparent even when MU was 5-0, the Tigers entered the Big
12 title game against Oklahoma second in the conference in points allowed.

BREAKDOWNS vs. KU

Still, whatever progress was made evaporated in the 40-37 loss to Kansas, in
which the Jayhawks feasted on inexplicable MU miscommunication to score two
touchdowns in the final five minutes.

"We had some breakdowns in the secondary ... I'm responsible for that," MU coach
Gary Pinkel said, adding that the spectacle of wide-open Jayhawks gallivanting
past his secondary wasn't merely a matter of poor coverage. "I think everybody
contributes. It all works together. You put more pressure on (the quarterback),
it helps the secondary guys, but if secondary guys are making plays and covering
guys (better), it helps get more pressure."

Whatever sense of improvement that was left was eviscerated in the 62-21 loss to
Oklahoma a week later.

TELLING TURNOVERS

The regression, though, was part of a broader breakdown.

No number looms larger or more strongly speaks to the difference between 2007
and now than turnover margin. A year ago, the Tigers were plus 13. This season,
they're minus two.

The team that gobbled up 33 turnovers and gave up 20 in 14 games last season has
given up 23 and created 21 through 13 games in 2008.

"And, by the way, Oklahoma and Florida (playing for the BCS national title) are
1 and 2 in the nation in turnover margin," said Pinkel, adding that MU's drop
has been the most frustrating element of the season. "Those things dictate
games."

Most obviously on defense, the reduction can be seen in the interceptions of
safety William Moore.

Riddled with injuries all season, including a rib problem that forced him out of
the Oklahoma game and has limited his practicing since, Moore has gone from a
major-college leading eight in 2007 to one this season as he's also contended
with foot and shoulder injuries.

"He's been wounded out there; he hasn't been able to do some of the things he's
been able to do in the past," Weatherspoon said, adding, "He doesn't complain
too much, (but) I can definitely tell."

ANOTHER CHANCE

Now the Tiger "D'' has a chance not at acquittal but at a final exclamation
point against a Northwestern team averaging 24.5 points a game.

Doing his part to add to Eberflus' motivating, Weatherspoon has been invoking
the words of MU's naysayers, including ... country singer Kenny Chesney, who in
an ESPN guest appearance apparently ridiculed the Tigers before the Nebraska
game.

"He knows nothing about football, and on the set he was just talking all kinds
of smack about Mizzou," Weatherspoon said, smiling and adding, "I'm not a big
fan."

But Weatherspoon knows talk only goes so far as he tries to put a season-ending
smile on Eberflus' face.

"Guys have been saying things," he said, "and we haven't been shutting them up."

---

Declining defense

Despite returning 10 players who started last season, including five in all 14
games, the Missouri defense took a drastic step backward in 2008, finishing No.
99 in total defense in the regular season among 119 BCS teams. The 2007 and 2008
per-game averages, with national ranking in parentheses:

CATEGORY 2007 2008

Rushing defense 122.07 (25) 128.92 (38)

Passing defense 256.86 (96) 285.31 (117)

Scoring defense 23.29 (37) 27.54 (75)

Turnover margin +0.93 (11) -0.15 (70)

Sacks 2.21 (52) 2.15 (46)

Total defense 378.93 (59) 414.23 (99)

Source: NCAA

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  alamo bowl  o  missouri vs. northwestern  7:05 p.m. Monday in San
Antonio, ESPN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              286 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                              May 4, 2010 Tuesday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

Cuts to animal services will endanger pets, public

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 653 words


LOS Angeles City Council Budget and Finance Committee members and activists
alike were scratching their heads at a recent hearing on Mayor Antonio
Villaraigosa's proposed budget for animal services.

Why would the mayor conduct an extensive (and expensive) search for a new
general manager, and at the same time make cuts to the Department of Animal
Services' budget that effectively guarantees the department's failure?

What makes it even more baffling is that the proposed $1.8 million cut from the
animal services budget is a drop in the bucket in the $7 billion operating
budget of the city. So why would a mayor who clamors for the spotlight at
pet-adoption events, animal-shelter openings and animal-cruelty prosecutions
risk the ire of animal activists and pet lovers for about the same amount the
city spent on last year's Michael Jackson memorial, which the mayor argued was
not worth quibbling over?

It is doubtful that any star-studded procession will mark the deaths of the
thousands of pets that will no longer find refuge because of diminished space in
city shelters. The mayor's cuts will almost certainly result in the abandonment
of the Northeast Valley shelter, which was never opened to the public but served
as an emergency center throughout the devastating Station Fire in 2009 and also
safely houses animals removed from abuse and cruelty scenes and held for
evidence pending court cases. Its minimal staff will be needed for other
shelters, and these traumatized pets will have to be absorbed wherever there is
room in the city's crowded shelter system.

It is also forecast that diminished funding will result in closing one other of
the city's fully operational care centers. Which is the least-deserving
community? Will it be decided that the entire population of the Harbor doesn't
need its brand-new animal facility and can drive unwanted or found pets up to
the packed South L.A. shelter - the oldest and smallest of the LAAS care
centers?

The mayor's proposal will also result in an across-the-board 10 percent decrease
in work hours for the sheltering staffs that care for unwanted, sick and injured
animals. Furloughs will further cripple the understaffed contingent of 48 field
officers who provide law enforcement, handle calls for dangerous/attacking dogs
from the West Valley to San Pedro, conduct investigations in cruelty and neglect
situations, and pick up injured and stray animals over the 469 square miles of
Los Angeles.

This begs the question of what the mayor was thinking. L.A. Animal Services had
just received a green light to raise revenue by tracking down unlicensed dogs
with the help of city meter readers. The new budget eliminates all canvassers to
do the door-to-door checks that assure compliance and bring revenue into the
city through license sales.

Animal services has had some good news. Last week, the City Council's Public
Safety Committee approved administrative citations to recover costs of enforcing
laws regarding leash violations and other transgressions that result in
suffering to animals and danger to humans. Finally, the city can join the
multitude of agencies that write tickets for humane violations, hitting the
pocketbooks of those who don't properly care for their pets and bringing revenue
directly to the city.

Last month we had a graphic and tragic example of what happens to a city that
does not have adequate animal control services. Three large dogs savagely
attacked a woman on a South L.A. street. The dogs then redirected their
aggression toward a good Samaritan and to responding police officers, and one
dog had to be shot. The single animal control officer covering the entire South
L.A. and Harbor areas that night was miles away answering another police call
for assistance.

Is this the future of Los Angeles? A city that places a few dollars above the
safety of its residents, its animals and its public servants? There must be a
better way.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Phyllis M. Daugherty is the director of Animal Issues Movement in Los
Angeles.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              287 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly

                                August 18, 2008

Chapter 3 of Mass. Supreme Judicial Court rules amended, effective Sept. 1

BYLINE: Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1757  words


COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS

At the Supreme Judicial Court holden at Boston within and for said Commonwealth
on the twenty-second day of July, in the year two thousand and eight: present,

HON. MARGARET H. MARSHALL

HON. JOHN M. GREANEY

HON. RODERICK L. IRELAND

HON. FRANCIS X. SPINA

HON. JUDITH A. COWIN

HON. ROBERT J. CORDY

HON. MARGOT BOTSFORD



ORDERED: That Chapter Three of the Rules of the Supreme Judicial Court is hereby
amended as follows:

Rule 3:07  By striking out Mass. R. Prof. C. 1.14 and inserting in lieu thereof
the new Rule 1.14 attached hereto.

The amendments accomplished by this order shall take effect on September 1,
2008.

MARGARET H. MARSHALL

JOHN M. GREANEY

RODERICK L. IRELAND

FRANCIS X. SPINA

JUDITH A. COWIN

ROBERT J. CORDY

MARGOT BOTSFORD



Rule 1.14 Client With Diminished Capacity

(a) When a client's capacity to make adequately considered decisions in
connection with a representation is diminished, whether because of minority,
mental impairment or for some other reason, the lawyer shall, as far as
reasonably possible, maintain a normal client-lawyer relationship with the
client.

(b) When the lawyer reasonably believes that the client has diminished capacity
that prevents the client from making an adequately considered decision regarding
a specific issue that is part of the representation, is at risk of substantial
physical, financial or other harm unless action is taken, and cannot adequately
act in the client's own interest, the lawyer may take reasonably necessary
protective action in connection with the representation, including consulting
with individuals or entities that have the ability to take action to protect the
client and, in appropriate cases, seeking the appointment of a guardian ad
litem, conservator or guardian.

(c) Information relating to the representation of a client with diminished
capacity is protected by Rule 1.6. When taking protective action pursuant to
paragraph (b), the lawyer is impliedly authorized under Rule 1.6(a) to reveal
information about the client, but only to the extent reasonably necessary to
protect the client's interests.



Comment

[1] The normal client-lawyer relationship is based on the assumption that the
client, when properly advised and assisted, is capable of making decisions about
important matters. When the client has diminished capacity, however, maintaining
the ordinary client-lawyer relationship may not be possible in all respects. In
particular, a severely incapacitated person may have no power to make legally
binding decisions. Nevertheless, a client with diminished capacity often has the
ability to understand, deliberate upon, and reach conclusions about matters
affecting the client's own well-being. For example, children as young as five or
six years of age, and certainly those of ten or twelve, are regarded as having
opinions that are entitled to weight in legal proceedings concerning their
custody. So also, it is recognized that some persons of advanced age can be
quite capable of handling routine financial matters while needing special legal
protection concerning major transactions.

[2] The fact that a client has diminished capacity does not lessen the lawyer's
obligation to treat the client with attention and respect. Even if the person
has a legal representative, the lawyer should as far as possible accord the
represented person the status of client, particularly in maintaining
communication.

[3] The client may wish to have family members or other persons participate in
discussions with the lawyer. The lawyer may also consult family members even
though they may be personally interested in the situation. Before the lawyer
discloses confidential information of the client, the lawyer should consider
whether it is likely that the person or entity to be consulted will act
adversely to the client's interests. Decisions under Rule 1.14(b) whether and to
what extent to consult or to disclose confidential information are matters of
professional judgment on the lawyer's part.

[4] If a legal representative has already been appointed for the client, the
lawyer should ordinarily look to the representative for decisions on behalf of
the client. If the lawyer represents the guardian as distinct from the ward, and
is aware that the guardian is acting adversely to the ward's interest, the
lawyer may have an obligation to prevent or rectify the guardian's misconduct.
See Rules 1.2(d), 1.6, 3.3 and 4.1.

Taking Protective Action

[5] If a lawyer reasonably believes that a client is at risk of substantial
physical, financial or other harm unless action is taken, and that a normal
client-lawyer relationship cannot be maintained as provided in paragraph (a)
because the client lacks sufficient capacity to communicate or to make
adequately considered decisions in connection with the representation, then
paragraph (b) permits the lawyer to take protective measures deemed necessary.
Such measures could include: consulting with family members, using a
reconsideration period to permit clarification or improvement of circumstances,
using voluntary surrogate decision-making tools such as durable powers of
attorney or consulting with support groups, professional services,
adult-protective agencies or other individuals or entities that have the ability
to protect the client. In taking any protective action, the lawyer should be
guided by such factors as the wishes and values of the client to the extent
known, the client's best interests and the goals of intruding into the client's
decision-making autonomy to the least extent feasible, maximizing client
capacities and respecting the client's family and social connections.

[6] In determining whether a client has diminished capacity that prevents the
client from making an adequately considered decision regarding a specific issue
that is part of the representation, the lawyer should consider and balance such
factors as: the client's ability to articulate reasoning leading to a decision,
variability of state of mind and ability to appreciate consequences of a
decision; the substantive fairness of a decision; and the consistency of a
decision with the known long-term commitments and values of the client. In
appropriate circumstances, the lawyer may seek guidance from an appropriate
diagnostician.

[7] If a client is unable to make an adequately considered decision regarding an
issue, and if achieving the client's expressed preferences would place the
client at risk of a substantial harm, the attorney has four options. The
attorney may:

i. advocate the client's expressed preferences regarding the issue;

ii. advocate the client's expressed preferences and request the appointment of a
guardian ad litem or investigator to make an independent recommendation to the
court;

iii. request the appointment of a guardian ad litem or next friend to direct
counsel in the representation; or

iv. determine what the client's preferences would be if he or she were able to
make an adequately considered decision regarding the issue and represent the
client in accordance with that determination.

In the circumstances described in clause (iv) above where the matter is before a
tribunal and the client has expressed a preference, the lawyer will ordinarily
inform the tribunal of the client's expressed preferences. However, there are
circumstances where options other than the option in clause (i) above will be
impermissible under substantive law or otherwise inappropriate or unwarranted.
Such circumstances arise in the representation of clients who are competent to
stand trial in criminal, delinquency and youthful offender, civil commitment and
similar matters. Counsel should follow the client's expressed preference if it
does not pose a risk of substantial harm to the client, even if the lawyer
reasonably determines that the client has not made an adequately considered
decision in the matter.

Disclosure of the Client's Condition

[8] Disclosure of the client's diminished capacity could adversely affect the
client's interests. For example, raising the question of diminished capacity
could, in some circumstances, lead to proceedings for involuntary commitment.
Information relating to the representation is protected by Rule 1.6. Therefore,
unless authorized to do so, the lawyer may not disclose such information. When
taking protective action pursuant to paragraph (b), the lawyer is impliedly
authorized to make the necessary disclosures, even when the client directs the
lawyer to the contrary. Nevertheless, given the risks of disclosure, paragraph
(c) limits what the lawyer may disclose in consulting with other individuals or
entities or seeking the appointment of a legal representative. At the very
least, the lawyer should determine whether it is likely that the person or
entity consulted with will act adversely to the client's interests before
discussing matters related to the client. The lawyer's position in such cases is
an unavoidably difficult one.



Emergency Legal Assistance

[9] In an emergency where the health, safety or a financial interest of a person
with seriously diminished capacity is threatened with imminent and irreparable
harm, a lawyer may take legal action on behalf of such a person even though the
person is unable to establish a client-lawyer relationship or to make or express
considered judgments about the matter, when the person or another acting in good
faith on that person's behalf has consulted with the lawyer. Even in such an
emergency, however, the lawyer should not act unless the lawyer reasonably
believes that the person has no other lawyer, agent or other representative
available. The lawyer should take legal action on behalf of the person only to
the extent reasonably necessary to maintain the status quo or otherwise avoid
imminent and irreparable harm. A lawyer who undertakes to represent a person in
such an exigent situation has the same duties under these Rules as the lawyer
would with respect to a client.

[10] A lawyer who acts on behalf of a person with seriously diminished capacity
in an emergency should keep the confidences of the person as if dealing with a
client, disclosing them only to the extent necessary to accomplish the intended
protective action. The lawyer should disclose to any tribunal involved and to
any other counsel involved the nature of his or her relationship with the
person. The lawyer should take steps to regularize the relationship or implement
other protective solutions as soon as possible. Normally, a lawyer would not
seek compensation for such emergency actions taken.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              288 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                               December 17, 2007

9th Circuit rules DNA sampling law doesn't violate Fourth Amendment

BYLINE: Lawyers USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 254  words


A convicted felon on supervised release could be required to provide a DNA
sample for a national database - the federal law imposing such a requirement
doesn't violate the Fourth Amendment, the 9th Circuit has ruled.

The defendant was sentenced to a term of imprisonment and three years of
supervised release after pleading guilty to a conspiracy charge relating to the
possession and distribution of methamphetamine.

The government sought to revoke the defendant's supervised release when he
refused to submit to DNA testing pursuant to the federal DNA Analysis Backlog
Elimination Act, which requires the collection of DNA samples from individuals
in custody and on probation, parole or supervised release who have been
convicted of a felony.

The defendant argued that the mandatory collection of DNA samples from
nonviolent felons violated the Fourth Amendment.

But the court disagreed, concluding that the defendant had a diminished
expectation of privacy given his status as a supervised releasee.

'[T]he DNA Act is constitutional because the government's significant interests
in identifying supervised releasees, preventing recidivism and solving past
crimes outweigh the diminished privacy interests that may be advanced by a
convicted felon currently serving a term of supervised release," the court said.

It noted that the 1st, 2nd, 6th, 7th, 8th, 10th and 11th Circuits have also
found that the Act is constitutional.

U.S. v. Kriesel (Lawyers USA No. 9938819) U.S. Court of Appeals, 9th Circuit No.
06-30110. Nov. 29, 2007.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              289 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                             June 28, 2007 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Eruptions slow down at Mount St. Helens

BYLINE: The Oregonian

SECTION: WESTCOAST NEWS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 195  words

DATELINE: PORTLAND


PORTLAND -- The continuing eruption of Mount St. Helens has slowed in recent
months to its lowest level yet, but scientists say it's too early to determine
whether the volcano is about to take a snooze.

Lava continues to slowly ooze to the crater floor and add to the massive
397-metre-high dome that has emerged during the 32-month-old eruption, but
volcanologists say the rate appears to have slowed dramatically. Earthquakes
also have been decreasing, both in size and numbers.

Jon Major, a researcher with the U.S. Geological Survey's Cascades Volcano
Observatory said diminished activity has led scientists to discuss whether the
eruption may be at the "end of its rope."

Measurements of the dome's volume and estimates as to how much lava is entering
the crater daily have not been made in recent months, but Major and his
colleagues agree that the growth rate has slowed.

One of the eruption's most characteristic features -- small earthquakes that
once were as regular as the ticking of a clock and dubbed "drumbeats" -- also
have diminished and are inconsistent. The quakes are caused by underlying magma
repeatedly shoving a solid 91-metre-wide plug of rock upward.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Space Imaging, Agence France-Presse, Getty Images; Oozing lava
adds to the massive 397-metre-high dome on Mt. St. Helens. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              290 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                             March 17, 2013 Sunday

OUR OPINION;
The way forward on pensions

SECTION: IL OPINION; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 973 words


The key scene described in Senate legal counsel Eric Madiar's analysis of the
Illinois Constitution's pension protection clause took place in July 1970 on the
floor of the state constitutional convention as delegates debated the clause's
language.

The clause, familiar to most Illinois public employees by now, says: "Membership
in any pension or retirement system of the State, any unit of local government
or school district, or any agency or instrumentality thereof, shall be an
enforceable contractual relationship, the benefits of which shall not be
diminished or impaired."

After some debate on what the clause meant, the chief sponsor of the pension
protection clause, Del. Helen Kinney, made it clear what she and Del. Henry
Green, the other chief sponsor, had in mind.

"Benefits not being diminished really refers to this situation: If a police
officer accepted employment under a provision where he was entitled to retire at
two-thirds of his salary after 20 years of service, that could not be
subsequently changed to say he was entitled to one-third of his salary after 30
years of service, or perhaps entitled to nothing," Kinney said.

The justices of the Illinois Supreme Court will read about this scene when and
if they decide the constitutionality of pension restructuring legislation.
Unless they ignore what Kinney and Green said, the intent of the pension
protection clause is crystal clear.

There are people in Illinois' business community who hope that happens if the
legislature sends the court legislation that unilaterally reduces pension
benefits. The constitution isn't a fiscal suicide pact, they say, relying on a
legal idea known as the "police powers" theory. Its proposition is that because
Illinois has a dire fiscal emergency, the state can ignore the pension
protection clause.

Business leaders, including the heads of the Illinois Chamber of Commerce, the
Illinois Manufacturers Association and the Civic Committee of the Commercial
Club of Chicago, set out last week to kill Senate Bill 1, the two-part pension
compromise proposal pushed by Senate President John Cullerton, D-Chicago.

That proposal offers a version of legislation pushed by Rep. Elaine Nekritz,
D-Northbrook, House Minority Leader Tom Cross, R-Oswego, and Sen. Daniel Biss,
D-Evanston, as a sort of first bite at the apple.

Nekritz-Cross-Biss is well crafted and a classic product of the legislative
process. It unilaterally cuts the cost-of-living increase, increases employee
contributions and some employees' retirement age, offers an optional cash
balance plan -- a sort of hybrid between defined contribution and defined
benefit retirement -- and guarantees the state cannot skip future payments. It
offers something to everyone without satisfying anyone.

But we don't believe Nekritz-Cross-Biss satisfies its most important
constituent: The Illinois Supreme Court. Neither does Cullerton. That's why he's
attached a second part to SB1, a backup provision that goes into effect if the
justices toss Nekritz-Cross-Biss.

Cullerton proposes a choice: Employees and retirees can keep what they have or
they can choose to reduce their COLA. If they do, they are given consideration
for that choice: They will have access to state-provided health care upon their
retirement, and their future raises will be counted toward their pension -- both
items Cullerton believes aren't constitutionally protected.

Cullerton's idea also might be unconstitutional. It doesn't save as much. It
satisfies almost no one. But Cullerton and Madiar have spent the most time
examining how to get a solution through the Supreme Court, instead of relying on
a highly dubious legal theory. Hope is not a plan.

Cross, Biss, Nekritz and the business groups' main complaint is that Cullerton's
idea doesn't save enough money (i.e. throttle public employees enough).
Nekritz-Cross-Biss will slash roughly $147 billion off of the state's $381
billion in pension obligations over the next three decades. Cullerton's bill
cuts $39 billion.

The problem with shoehorning two bills into one, they add, is that the police
powers legal theory depends upon convincing the justices that Nekritz-Cross-Biss
is the only viable solution to the problem. By attaching Cullerton's plan to the
bill, it shows the court another potential solution.

That concern exposes how weak their legal theory is. Do they think the justices
haven't read about other potential solutions, including those being discussed by
academics and others outside the legislature? Do they think that the unions will
just forget to file briefs detailing them?

If Cross, Nekritz and Biss don't want Cullerton's bill attached to theirs, we
wonder if there is not another way to achieve the backup procedure Cullerton
seeks, provided lawmakers act now. He provided the framework himself when he
used a parliamentary procedure to prevent a gambling expansion bill passed in
2011 from going to Quinn's desk until January.

The same could be done on pensions. Both houses would pass Nekritz-Cross-Biss
and Cullerton's legislation, but in separate bills. Nekritz-Cross-Biss would be
sent to the governor for his signature. Cullerton's bill would be held in the
legislature on a motion to reconsider, while Nekritz-Cross-Biss winds its way to
the Supreme Court. If the court strikes it down, Quinn would sign Cullerton's
bill.

The Chamber of Commerce, the Illinois Manufacturers Association, the Civic
Committee of the Commercial Club of Chicago and others made a grave error by
trying to kill Senate Bill 1. If their concern truly is about state finances and
not pursuing an ideological war against public employees and defined-benefit
pensions, they should get behind it. It is the best hope for getting pension
legislation to the governor this year and ensuring education, public safety and
health care are better funded.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              291 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 24, 1994, Monday, Late Edition - Final

PRO FOOTBALL: Sports of The Times;
Understudy Helps The Cowboys Win

BYLINE: By GEORGE VECSEY

SECTION: Section C; Page 2; Column 5; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 789 words

DATELINE: IRVING, Tex.


BERNIE KOSAR doesn't know why the American Football Conference has lost nine
straight Super Bowls. I've got my own theories, but they have more to do with
jinxes and justice than with head-punch-knuckle football reality.  Kosar merely
said, "I hope it's 10." He's been out of the American Conference for half a
season and already he's a turncoat.

And a happy turncoat. Kosar came off the bench to play quarterback for the
Cowboys when Troy Aikman suffered a concussion yesterday, and he held the team
together for a 38-21 victory over San Francisco.

The game could be viewed as a public audition for the role of Super Bowl
champion. Aikman and Steve Young started the game knowing they wouldn't have to
face a rival quarterback who had won four Super Bowls, since Joe Montana and the
Kansas City Chiefs had been knocked out by Buffalo. And nobody would
underestimate Jim Kelly of the Bills, who has lost three straight Super Bowls,
and now has a chance for a fourth.

But it was Kosar who wound up giving the jubilant post-game news conference. He
is the gawky, intelligent quarterback who played eight full years in Cleveland
-- in the American Conference -- only to be scuttled by Coach Bill Belichick
during the season because of "diminished skills." Belichick had observed
Bernie's stork-like immobility, which has not exactly been a state secret.

Anyway, Dallas had the courage and the money to bring Kosar in as Aikman's
understudy, and it paid off yesterday after Aikman caught a knee in the head.
The Cowboys don't give their second-string quarterback much work during the
week, "which makes it tough on Bernie," Jimmy Johnson admitted. But after nine
years in the league, Kosar knows how to prepare, diminished skills or not.

"I don't want to let my teammates down," Kosar said, noting that he went back to
the films of a game this season when "we" beat the 49ers -- the "we" being the
Browns, not the Cowboys. He thought he noticed some "similar concepts" that
helped him yesterday.

The Cowboys were up by 21 when he came in, and they won by 17, so he did his
job. He completed 5 of 9 passes and handled the ball flawlessly, and when it was
over, he said: "I've been blessed to go to the Super Bowl. I thank the Lord for
that, for ending up in Dallas."

He was prodded about his "diminished skills" and he acknowledged the history
with a big smile, but he wouldn't go for the easy shot. "After a great win, only
seven days to prepare for the Super Bowl, this is not the time," he said.

He was going to the Super Bowl, and maybe will have to play. But Kosar can offer
no explanation why his old conference has lost nine straight to his new
conference. "The American Conference is just as competitive," he said, "but for
some reason, the N.F.C. is on a good streak."

Nine straight. That's a staggering number. I cannot explain it away by saying
the National Conference plays a harder brand of football or has smarter
organizations. Sometimes I'm tempted to say the streak shows the inherent
tradition of old franchises -- Dallas, Washington, the Giants, San Francisco,
San Francisco, Washington, the Giants, Chicago and San Francisco -- but you
can't very well say they are "establishment" franchises and then leave out
ancient franchises like Pittsburgh and Cleveland, now in the American
Conference, plus that great franchise in Miami.

However, I do have a theory why Buffalo and Denver (three times each) and Miami,
New England and Cincinnati keep getting clobbered in the Super Bowl. Would you
like to hear my theory? I thought you would.

I can only surmise that the deities that monitor professional football are angry
at the American Conference. That's all I can come up with. Since Al Davis won
the 1981 Super Bowl playing out of Oakland, his conference has won only one more
Super Bowl. That was when his relocated Los Angeles Raiders beat Washington,
38-9, in Tampa in 1984.

Since the gods located the Raiders, tossing off bad karma in the Coliseum, they
have banned the American Conference from winning the Super Bowl. The Raiders
personified Oakland, and they still have a randy collection of sprinters,
scramblers, tough guys and characters. They belong in Oakland for Oakland's sake
alone.

The way I see it, Al Davis has one week. That's not much time, but if Robert
Irsay could sneak the Colts from Baltimore to Indianapolis on a snowy night,
Davis could haul the Raiders up the coast from Los Angeles to the East Bay, even
with the freeways in shambles from the earthquake. It's up to Al Davis to
appease the vengeful spirits who are exacting such a heavy penalty from the
American Conference. Move the Raiders back to Oakland, Al. Get the hex off your
conference. Just move, baby.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Bernie Kosar after coming in for Troy Aikman yesterday. (Stephen
Dunn/Allsport)

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              292 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            August 30, 2008 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

In the Life of a New York Mayor, A Second Act Is Hard to Follow

BYLINE: By SAM ROBERTS

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; NEWS ANALYSIS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 853 words


Long before Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg began flirting with the possibility of
extending term limits so  he could seek a third term next year, there were third
acts in the lives of New York mayors. But they typically played out to poor
reviews. And encores were never requested.

Only three mayors -- Fiorello H. La Guardia, Robert F. Wagner and Edward I. Koch
-- were re-elected twice. And though all three could point to accomplishments in
their third terms, they left office after 12 years drained, diminished and
disdained. The personal strengths that had seemed so appealing were diminished
by the increasing challenges confronting the city.

''La Guardia Term 1  was a dynamic reformer,'' said Chris McNickle, the author
of ''To Be Mayor of New York.'' ''By the end of Term 2  there was more tendency
to describe him as a bully. Wagner Term 1  was a consensus builder. By the end
of Term 2  he was indecisive and weak. Koch Term 1  was refreshingly candid. By
the end of Term 2  he was increasingly described as divisive.''

Mayors La Guardia and Wagner considered a fourth term (Mr. Wagner followed his
father's advice: ''When in doubt, don't.'') But only Mr. Koch audaciously sought
one. He was defeated, after third-term business-as-usual complacency contributed
to scandals, and David N. Dinkins presented himself as a salve to racial
polarization.

''I lost,'' Mr. Koch said after his defeat in 1989, ''because people got tired
of me.''

Mr. Koch favors extending the limit from two terms to three, both as a matter of
principle and because he supports Mr. Bloomberg. The chief principle at stake in
the revived debate over term limits is whether rules imposed by the voters in a
referendum should be overturned by the City Council. But the debate isn't really
about principle. It's all about Mr. Bloomberg, and whether New Yorkers are
willing to take a chance on his potential successors.

''When you have a mayor like Mike Bloomberg, who everybody believes would be
re-elected in a landslide, denied the opportunity to run, we all suffer,'' Mr.
Koch said.

Fairly or not, Mr. Koch's own third term is remembered largely for
conflict-of-interest investigations, mostly involving people outside his
administration. The scandals thrust him into a period of clinical depression so
serious that he ordered the police to remove a gun that had been secreted in a
Gracie Mansion ''panic room.'' The more enduring legacy of Mr. Koch's third
term, though, was that he began an unprecedented $5 billion investment in
moderately priced housing.

Mr. Wagner won election to a third term in 1961 by re-inventing himself and
running against the political bosses who had supported him earlier. His third
term was defined by advances in housing, urban renewal, zoning, fluoridation of
the water supply and consolidation of the municipal hospitals, but it also
depleted his political capital and left him weary, particularly after the death
of his wife.

''Much of the pleasure and satisfaction I have always derived from even the
day-to-day work schedule had been drained from me,'' he recalled.

Still, recalled Judah Gribetz, a commissioner in the Wagner administration and
later a deputy mayor and counsel to the governor, the decision not to seek a
fourth term ''wasn't because he didn't have a good third.''

Mr. La Guardia, bitter over being denied a generalship in World War II (he had
already been fitted for a uniform), distracted by a federal civil defense job
and hobbled by shriveled resources, turned vituperative.

''His third term was weakened by the fact that he accepted it as a fallback,''
said Thomas Kessner, a City University professor and La Guardia biographer.

Mr. Bloomberg might have to grapple with that perception, too. He may want to
complete his unfulfilled legacy, but after flirting with a presidential
campaign, he might also be accused of waffling on term limits or settling for
four more years as mayor just because public office is more challenging and
energizing than making more money or giving it away.

''In Bloomberg's case, the question is what is his motivation for a third
term?'' said Stan Altman, a professor of public policy at Baruch College. ''He
knew when elected that it was a two-term mayoralty.''

If Mr. Bloomberg allows the Council to extend term limits on its own, Professor
Altman added, then ''I think he is beginning to exhibit the early signs of the
'third-term syndrome.' '' Those symptoms for public officials, he said, are
''the false conclusion that they are invincible and can do whatever they want
and are accountable to no one.''

Regardless of whether Mr. Bloomberg really wants to run for mayor again, the
mere possibility that he might seek a third term next year could enhance the
legacy of his second. The more he flirts with a candidacy, the less likely he is
to be dismissed as a lame duck, political strategists and officials say.

''The longer Bloomberg plays Hamlet,'' said Nelson Warfield, spokesman for
Ronald S. Lauder, the unreconstructed father of term limits in New York, ''the
more strength he has in dealing with the City Council.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News Analysis

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                              293 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            August 21, 2003 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Tide Turns for Terrapins;
State Budget Cuts Don't Thwart Symbol's Protectors

BYLINE: Darragh Johnson, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: ANNE ARUNDEL EXTRA; Pg. T02

LENGTH: 617 words


In the weeks since state budget cuts slashed a program designed to ensure long,
healthy lives for Maryland's state turtle, or terrapin, the woman in charge of
the program, Marguerite Whilden, but better known as the Turtle Lady, has been
concentrating on her Diamondback hatchlings.

The first four were born on the Eastern Shore on Monday, and 96 more are
expected to break through their shells in the weeks to come. If they didn't have
Whilden and her team of volunteers looking out for them -- creating nest
protectors and other defenses -- they wouldn't have much of a chance, Whilden
says. They may be the vaunted symbol of the state and the University of
Maryland's fierce mascot, but only one percent of the 13 eggs laid in an average
turtle's nest will hatch, she says, adding, "What percent of those hatchlings
will grow up to reproduce? We don't know."

For the last four years, the Department of Natural Resources (DNR) has funded
Whilden's one-woman drive to not just Fear the Turtle -- as Terrapin fans
importune -- but save it, too.

"I think the animal was a good vehicle to engage the public in our work," she
said.

By getting school children to care for the turtles until they were a year old,
and by getting other volunteers to serve as terrapin foster parents, Whilden
says, she got people not just involved but interacting with the species.

Yet when the Board of Public Works cut $ 4.5 million from DNR's budget last
month, Whilden's funding dried up, too. Her $ 64,000 position budgeted for the
"outreach component of terrapin conservation" was one of 28 DNR positions
eliminated. Twenty of those positions were already empty. Eight people were laid
off.

"What's happening now is the commitment to conservation hasn't diminished. We
have a lot of land managers and scientists," said Mike Slattery, assistant
secretary of DNR. "We're not abandoning our commitment to the species.

"What has diminished is our specific outreach and education programs. We have
countless hundred vertebrate species that we need to care for. We can't afford
to have a central coordinator associated with each and every one of them."

Although Whilden has maintained her turtle sanctuary in Grasonville, at the
Eastern Shore's Horsehead Wetlands Center, which is funded by the private,
nonprofit Wildfowl Trust, she has also heard from officials eager to help her
out.

Recently, Annapolis Mayor Ellen Moyer offered two sites: the empty brick
buildings at the Annapolis Waterworks property off Defense Highway, which Moyer
would love to see converted into an environmental educational center, or the
desolate and untamed old wastewater site on Back Creek, where the city would
like to create an educational, woodland gardens.

"I don't think we can fund it, no," Moyer said. "But we can partner and offer
some space."

"And if one of the other institutions that's been very involved in this" can
help out, too," she continued, "it's a perfect opportunity for collaboration."

Noted Whilden, "One door has closed, but others are opening."

One of her most passionate volunteers, Tom Newquist, who works for the City of
Annapolis Department of Public Works and often spends up to 12 hours a week on
top of that caring for terrapins and snapping turtles, lauded Whilden's work.

"She's one of those people," Newquist said. "She doesn't complain a lot. She
just does [her] thing. We're all like that."

Newquist's passion stems back to his childhood when he would save the small
diamondback terrapins from the traps of an older friend. Today, he's trying to
save them from development.

"They're losing their habitat," he said. "It's nothing to go to a townhouse
development and see turtles churned up with the backhoes."

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Washington Post


                              294 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Trans Caucasus Unit
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           September 1, 2015 Tuesday

Iran's IRGC commander says USA still "big Satan", announces 20 military drills

LENGTH: 880 words


The commander-in-chief of Iran's Islamic Revolution Guards Corps (IRGC),
Major-General Mohammad Ali Ja'fari, has suggested that the USA's "enmity"
towards Iran has not changed or diminished after the conclusion of the nuclear
deal. He also announced that the armed forces of Iran plan to stage drills in
central Tehran Province on 2 and 3 September. Ja'fari made the remarks at a news
conference at the Sarallah base in Tehran on 1 September. The Fars news agency
published the text of Ja'fari's news conference on 1 September.

"Assumptions by some people that the enmity of America towards Iran has either
ended or diminished are the main reason for concern after the [nuclear] deal.
What causes even greater concern is that with this simple-minded attitude these
people believe that we need to choose another path and should change our
behaviour," he said.

"America remains the same big Satan and we should not be cheated by the new
slogans of this country," he added.

"Unfortunately, one conclusion we can draw after the [nuclear] talks is that
through the negotiations and the deal, we removed the foul shadow of war from
the heads of [American] people and the country and the negotiations with the
enemy ensured security of the Islamic Republic system," Ja'fari said.

"The enemy has now resorted to using soft political and economic power. The
answer to these kinds of threats after the deal could be for the government of
the Islamic Republic to adopt a revolutionary and clearer stance," he stressed.

He then commented on statements by some American officials that a war with Iran
is unlikely, saying:

"Such statements seem to suggest that the enemies know that a direct war will be
ineffective not only against Iran but also against other resistant nations that
are fighting for their independence and freedom."

"Now that the agreement has been reached, the threat which exists today is that
if the agreement is approved - and this is not yet clear - the enemy may adopt a
new outlook, misuse [the deal] and spread its influence in the region and inside
our country. We need to resist against this threat. These are the new conditions
we are entering today," Ja'fari said.

Planned military drills

He went on to announce that Iran will stage 20 military drills by the end of the
current Iranian year.

"The Armed Forces plan to conduct 20 drills this year [ending on 19 March
2016]," the commander said.

Ja'fari said that drills codenamed Sarallah Strength [Persian: Eqtedar-e
Sarallah] will be carried out on 2 and 3 September, and added: "These drills
will be staged in Tehran and will be aimed at resisting against security threats
and [training for] rescue operations. Over 50,000 Basij members in 250
battalions will be involved in the drills."

Ja'fari said that one or two drills will be staged every month on average.

He described Iran as a "major regional military and defence power" and said:
"The Corps is ready and is planning to resist against proxy wars and the
opponents of the Resistance Front with all its might so that through
consultative assistance we could support all countries asking for help. This
programme will be pursued until the complete defeat of the enemy."

He argued that only by maintaining and increasing its military might can Iran
resist "the enmity of America".

"Of course, weapons are not the only component of our power. [We also rely on]
our strengthened public defence and support," he added.

"The surface-to-surface ballistic missiles the range of which is less than 2,000
kilometres are one of the components of our power and the Corps has put all its
efforts over the past several years to increase the precision of these
missiles," Ja'fari stressed.

Iran's military might

When asked about the readiness of Iran to resist against threats, especially
from Israel, Ja'fari said: "Officials of the hegemonic powers, including the
Americans and the Zionist regime, want to attack countries like Iran - certainly
if they are capable of doing so. However, when the issue is handed over to
experts and when their military commanders weigh their abilities - because
comparing forces is the first thing to do before starting a war - and when they
compare their forces with Iran's might they see that these are incomparable."

Security ahead of election

Asked by a Fars reporter regarding possible security threats ahead of the 2016
parliamentary election, Ja'fari said: "The enemy always has specific plans for
elections aimed at promoting currents that are close to them to power or
individuals who would support their policies in the Islamic Republic". He
stressed however that the Corps is closely monitoring the "enemies'"
intelligence activities and influence, and expressed the confidence that no
military threat exists against Iran at the moment.

"Given the current situation at home and people's and our own [Corps'] strength,
we are confident that the enemy is not going to take efforts towards delivering
a military attack against Iran and will avoid direct military measures," he
said.

He then accused the "enemy" of exerting psychological influence on Iran, saying:
"They are focusing on our domestic economy and carry out evil activities in this
field, but we are aware of this issue."

Source: Fars News Agency website, Tehran, in Persian 0443gmt 01 Sep 15

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2015 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              295 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            December 25, 2005 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Bullies Taint Season Of Peace

BYLINE: PAUL R. FLORA, commcol@tampatrib.com

SECTION: COMMENTARY; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 337 words


By PAUL R. FLORA

commcol@tampatrib.com

Special to the Tribune

And the wind shall say:

"Here were decent godless people:

Their only monument the asphalt road

And a thousand lost golf balls."

This favorite passage from T. S. Eliot's "The Rock" expresses one aspect of
diminished religious gravity. But hey, isn't this the season we play less golf
to travel those asphalt roads amassing Christmas stuff, Christmas pounds and
Christmas anxieties?

Aside from those perennial temptations with which Christmas struggles for
meaning, I face this season with increased concern.

When so many Christians usurp Christ's teachings with Old Testament dogma,
shovel Old Testament mythology on young minds as science and foment religious
crusades in the name of misplaced patriotism, then insist upon trumping all
other seasonal holidays with "Christmas," they transform "fundamentalist
Christian" into an oxymoron.

And Christ and Christmas are diminished.

Mahatma Gandhi's prayer for peace between Muslim and Hindu translates, in part,
as:

Rama, the Lord of heavens, Blessed is thy name.

Some of us call you as Shiva and some others as Allah,

But we beg you Lord that you bless us all.

This country desperately needs more tolerance, inclusiveness, openness, less
petty bickering - to adhere to the messages of peace modeled by Gandhi, Martin
Luther King Jr. and Jesus.

When this country can set aside "God Bless America" and sing instead:

"This is my song, O God of all the nations, A song of peace for lands afar and
mine. This is my home, the country where my heart is; Here are my hopes, my
dreams, my holy shrine. But other hearts in other lands are beating With hopes
and dreams as true and high as mine" (Sibelius' Finlandia, lyrics by Lloyd
Stone).

Then we will fulfill the visions of our many Princes of Peace and truly
celebrate Christmas with peace and goodwill toward all.

Paul R. Flora is a fiscal analyst living in Seminole Heights.

Copyright © 2005, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: COMMUNITY COLUMNISTS SHARE MEMORIES AND HOPES FOR PEACE COMMUNITY
COLUMNIST

GRAPHIC: .

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2005 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              296 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                             June 30, 2006, Friday

Court upholds states' insanity-defense standards

BYLINE: Warren RicheyStaff writer of The Christian Science Monitor

SECTION: USA; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 891 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


States are free to decide for themselves how and when to provide an insanity
defense for criminal suspects.

In a 6-to-3 decision announced Thursday, the US Supreme Court declined an
invitation to set a national constitutional standard for those who claim reduced
responsibility for a crime because of mental illness.

The decision leaves in place a patchwork of different insanity defense standards
from one state to another.

The action came as the high court let stand the murder conviction of an Arizona
man who claimed he should not have been found guilty and sentenced to life in
prison for the June 2000 shooting death of a Flagstaff police officer.

Lawyers for Eric Clark say the then 17-year-old believed the police officer he
killed was an alien from outer space. They say he belongs in a mental hospital
rather than a state prison.

The Arizona courts disagreed, rejecting his insanity defense and finding that
despite his mental illness, he understood that it was wrong to kill a police
officer.

In challenging his conviction, Mr. Clark's lawyers attacked Arizona's
insanity-defense statute, saying it violated US constitutional due process
safeguards. Specifically, they said Arizona's law prevented them from presenting
defense evidence and testimony about the defendant's diminished mental capacity
to fully appreciate the nature and quality of his alleged criminal acts.

Under Arizona's insanity statute, the sole test is whether the mental disease or
defect is so severe that the defendant did not know his or her criminal acts
were wrong.

Lawyers for Arizona and the US solicitor general argued that there was no
constitutional bar to Arizona's decision to streamline its insanity law by
dropping consideration of a defendant's diminished capacity.

On Thursday, the Supreme Court agreed.

"Arizona's rule serves to preserve the state's chosen standard for recognizing
insanity as a defense and to avoid confusion and misunderstanding on the part of
jurors," writes Justice David Souter for the majority.

"Not every state will find it worthwhile to make the judgment Arizona has made,
and the choices the states do make about dealing with the risks posed by
mental-disease and capacity evidence will reflect their varying assessments
about the presumption of sanity as expressed in choices of insanity rules,"
Justice Souter writes.

In a dissent joined by Justices John Paul Stevens and Ruth Bader Ginsburg,
Justice Anthony Kennedy says the rule is irrational because it prevents a
defendant from fully explaining at trial why he or she could not have committed
the crime because he or she suffered from a mental illness and was thus unable
to have formed the criminal intent necessary to violate the law.

"It is unclear ... what would happen in this case had the defendant wanted to
testify that he thought Officer Moritz was an alien," Justice Kennedy says. "If
disallowed, it would be tantamount to barring Clark from testifying on his
behalf to explain his own actions."

As a result, Kennedy says, "the rule forces the jury to decide guilt in a
fictional world with undefined and unexplained behaviors but without mental
illness."

The decision stems from the June 12, 2000, murder of Flagstaff Police Officer
Jeffrey Moritz. The incident occurred at 4:51 a.m. when Officer Moritz responded
in uniform and in his marked patrol car to 911 calls from residents complaining
that a pickup truck was circling the block while playing loud rap music.

The officer activated his emergency lights and pulled the truck over. Within a
minute there was an exchange of gunfire. Moritz was shot in the chest and died.

Both sides of the case agree that Clark was driving the truck and that Clark
shot and killed the policeman.

Prosecutors introduced evidence at trial that Clark had earlier told a friend
that he was thinking of creating a disturbance to attract police officers to a
particular location so he could shoot them dead. They said the murder of a
law-enforcement officer was therefore a premeditated act.

Defense lawyers countered that prior to the shooting, Clark had been
experiencing mental illness for about a year and a half. They said his condition
was growing worse. He was admitted to a psychiatric hospital, but was later
released. Clark's parents tried to have him recommitted to a hospital, and
during the two days before the shooting, they contacted five facilities to take
their son, according to court briefs.

Clark believed that Earth had been invaded by aliens and that they'd taken over
Flagstaff, the briefs say. He believed they were trying to capture and kill him
by poisoning his food. He started to eat at a local Sizzler because he thought
he would be safe from poisoning by eating with the general public, court briefs
say.

After the shooting, a judge determined Clark was not mentally competent to face
trial. He was treated for nearly three years at the Arizona State Hospital
before his competency was restored. Then he was placed on trial for murder.

At trial, his lawyers argued that he should be found "guilty except insane"
under Arizona law, and sent to a hospital rather than a prison. But the trial
judge found that Clark could be held responsible and punished for his crime. A
state appeals court upheld that decision.

On Thursday, the Supreme Court upheld the Arizona rulings.

(c) Copyright 2006. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              297 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 3, 1980, Friday, Late City Final Edition

MUSKIE LENDS U.S. SUPPORT TO IRAQI CEASE-FIRE PROPOSAL

BYLINE: By BERNARD GWERTZMAN, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 8, Column 1; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 740 words

DATELINE: UNITED NATIONS, N.Y., Oct. 2


Secretary of State Edmund S. Muskie lent United States support today to Iraq's
proposal for a cease-fire with Iran, expressing the hope that it could lead the
way to a negotiated settlement.

Although there has been considerable skepticism here about the conditional Iraqi
plan for a four-day cease-fire beginning Sunday, Mr. Muskie appeared to welcome
it as a possible first step toward ending the fighting, which began Sept. 22.

''I would hope that that initiative - and other initiatives - might lead as soon
as possible to a cease-fire and the beginning of negotiations of the issues in
the hostilities,'' Mr. Muskie said at a news conference at the United States
Mission to the United Nations.

The initial Iranian reaction to the Iraqi offer, made public here yesterday by
President Mohammad Zia ul-Haq of Pakistan, who led a special Islamic mission to
Iran and Iraq, was negative because Iran is insisting on a withdrawal of Iraqi
forces from Iranian territory as a condition for a truce. Mr. Muskie said,
however, that he was awaiting a formal response from Iran to the unilateral
cease-fire in place the Iraqis have announced.

Positive Signs Discerned

The Secretary, who was winding up nearly two weeks of meetings with foreign
leaders here for the General Assembly session, also said that the scale of
fighting seemed to have diminished. He said that when the conflict began it
posed ''the risk of escalation'' but that ''the broader risks seems to have
diminished somewhat and I would hope we'd continue in that direction.''

He did not appear concerned about the possibility that shipping in the Persian
Gulf might be interfered with. He confirmed that discussions had been held with
a number of governments on contingency plans, but when he was asked about the
possibility of an international task force to keep the gulf open to oil traffic,
he said that the need for such a force ''seems to have diminished in the last
couple of days.'' ''There has been no interruption in the shipping,'' he said,
adding that there had been ''some evidence of deliberate restraint'' by the
Iranians in the sea lanes.

While in New York Mr. Muskie met with several Moslem foreign ministers and other
officials, including the Iraqi Foreign Minister, Saadun Hamadi, to stress
American neutrality in the conflict and to urge that it end. The Secretary said
today that he was disappointed that the Iranian authorities did not reply to his
offer to meet with a representative in New York.

Mr. Muskie was asked whether the United States would be willing to supply spare
parts and other military equipment to Iran to obtain the release of the 52
Americans, held since the embassy was seized Nov.  4.

Caution on Hostage Question

President Carter and other officials have strongly hinted of American
willingness to discuss such an exchange, but Mr. Muskie was more cautious,
saying, ''I have no way of knowing what is on the Iranian agenda for
negotiations dealing with the release of the hostages.'' He noted that Iran had
spurned his offer of discussions.

He said that the naming of the seven-man commission of the Iranian Parliament to
consider the hostage issue was ''potentially a constructive step forward in that
it appears to put in place an institution with authority to recommend and maybe
to decide the Iranian position on the return of the hostages.''

The Iranians have accused the United States of collusion with Iraq in the
current conflict despite repeated private and public denials.  Mr. Muskie said
that there was ''absolutely no substance to any Iranian accusations that we were
involved in collusion with Iraq in connection with the current fighting.''
Reiterating that the United States accepted the the Iranian people's right to
establish their Islamic repiublic, he said, ''We're perfectly willing to discuss
our future relationships on any basis that they wish.''

Mr. Muskie, who met with Foreign Minister Andrei A. Gromyko of the Soviet Union
last week, said that the Russians appeared to be living up to pledges ''to stand
off and away from the conflict in a neutral posture.''

General Zia, whose relations with the United States have been erratic in the
past year, will confer with President Carter in Washington tomorrow, and Mr.
Muskie clearly wanted to signal some encouragement for the Pakistani leader's
efforts. He said that the Iraqi cease-fire offer was ''a response solicited by
General Zia.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                              298 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Don't count newspapers out just yet

BYLINE: Rem Rieder, @remrieder, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 719 words


Wednesday brought the news that The New York Times, the nation's pre-eminent
news outlet, was shrinking its newsroom staff by 100 positions through buyouts
and, if necessary, layoffs.

Last week, Freedom Communications, which had brought excitement to the
struggling newspaper business with its audacious expansion plans, shuttered its
5-month-old Los Angeles Register and carried out yet another round of layoffs at
its flagship Orange County Register.

On Sept. 3, USA TODAY, the nation's largest-circulation newspaper, announced it
was eliminating 60 to 70 jobs, about half of them in the newsroom.

The drumbeat of bad news, coming in the wake of decisions by major companies --
including USA TODAY parent Gannett -- to spin off their print operations from
their more profitable holdings, can certainly give the impression that the sky
over the thoroughly disrupted newspaper industry is falling.

It's not.

That the newspaper business faces enormous challenges in the digital age is
unarguable. That the steady decline in the size of news staffs is both painful
for those losing their jobs and costly to communities seeing diminished coverage
is obvious.

But it's important to keep in mind that many newspapers remain profitable -- the
Times said it needed to make the latest cuts to protect that profitability --
and the industry, despite its highly publicized woes, remains a $35 billion
business. That's not nothing.

As Rick Edmonds, who keeps tabs on media economics for the Poynter Institute,
says, "There's a big difference between diminished and dead."

Another top analyst, Ken Doctor of research firm Outsell, says that too often
people seem to think the world is made up of two kinds of businesses: those that
are thriving and those that are going under. But there is a lot of in-between.

Businesses do reach a peak, as newspapers did in the much-missed days of
skyrocketing profits, whopping staffs and generous newsholes, and then they
decline. But that doesn't mean that they then immediately go away.

Doctor describes the current state of newspapers as "continuing grimness, but
manageable grimness."

But that storyline just isn't "sexy," he says. "The story that is told is that
they are going out of business, and people have been telling that story for
years."

Edmonds thinks the "newspapers are dying" meme is fueled by the confluence of
two very different outlooks.

On the one hand, there are what he calls the "digital triumphalists" who seize
upon any shred of bad news to proclaim "that the old order will collapse in six
weeks." On the other are what he calls the "nostalgists," who go into mourning
over every lost job. "Each layoff is not an indication that the end is at hand,"
Edmonds says.

That said, there's no question that the industry faces a daunting challenge as
it tries to retool for the digital future. Print advertising continues to fall
faster than digital advertising and new revenue streams rise to make up the
difference. Until that changes, the outlook will continue to call for smaller
newsrooms.

Doctor says according to the "new calculus," things will improve significantly
should the combination of digital ads and reader revenue become 50% of the
revenue mix.

The New York Times' story on its cutbacks shed some intriguing light on what is
happening in its newsroom and in others as well. While the paper has carried out
significant cuts in recent years, its staff grew back to 1,330, approaching its
high-water mark. This is due in part to the addition of digital staffers such as
Web producers and video journalists. So what is taking place is a reshaping of
the newsroom as well.

Similarly, under the ownership of Amazon.com CEO Jeff Bezos, The Washington Post
has added scores of journalists to its roster. But these have largely been
digital hires rather than additional reporting firepower.

Which makes sense. If they are to make it in the long run, newspapers will have
to heighten their digital footprints and find new ways to attract digital
audiences (not to mention digital dollars). That's why the Times' announcement
Wednesday that it was mothballing NYT Opinion, a new mobile app, wasn't
necessarily terrible news. It reflected the Silicon Valley mantra, "Fail fast,
fail often."

If newspapers are going to endure, they'll need a lot of bold experimenting to
make it happen.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Reed Saxon, AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2014 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              299 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                              March 6, 2016 Sunday
                                 METRO EDITION

GOP must still offer alternative to Trump

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2OP

LENGTH: 721 words


Now, months after Donald Trump announced his candidacy with a potentate's flair,
weeks after he diminished and belittled one after another of the touted GOP
presidential lineup, and days after he swept Super Tuesday and led the delegate
race, the Republican establishment is hitting the panic button.

It's about time.

Trump is almost without doubt the most outrageous, outsized candidate ever to
appear on the American political landscape. He says out loud what some only
whisper in private. He's not the first candidate to bash immigrants, support
waterboarding and criticize past presidents, but others have done so more
subtly. Trump rips off the cloaking language, doubles down, then dares others to
challenge him.

After predicting Trump would burn out on his own, those in the party
establishment are frantically searching for ways to stop him. They drafted Mitt
Romney to denounce Trump as a phony who lacked the temperament, moral character
or judgment to be president. That attack was diminished somewhat by Romney's
eager pursuit of Trump's endorsement in 2012, during which he lavished praise on
the New York businessman's success, job-creating ability and stand against China
on trade. It also should be noted that Romney's courting of Trump came despite
Trump's scurrilous "birther" campaign against Obama and after the New York state
attorney general announced an investigation of Trump University - which already
had been forced to change its name because, well, it wasn't a real university,
just real estate seminars in hotels.

The choice of Romney as the party's vanguard against its front-runner is ironic
in another respect: It was Romney's defeat in 2012 that prompted Trump to plan a
White House run.

Now, as the front-runner careens toward the nomination like a cyclone, the
party's problem is twofold. Lining up its heaviest hitters against him may give
greater credence to the perceived threat that Trump poses to the existing
political order. A rally in Michigan on Friday morning was packed with raucous,
frenzied supporters who showed no signs of diminished affection for their hero.
The even bigger dilemma is that party leaders have yet to agree on a candidate
around whom they can coalesce. Many, like John McCain, are sending a mixed
message by denouncing Trump, then meekly admitting they will back "whoever is
the nominee."

To stop Trump - and it's no longer clear that is possible - Republicans must
find the courage to put their resources behind a viable alternative. And they
should move quickly. On Tuesday, another four states will hold their contests,
and polls showed Trump leading in two of those, the delegate-rich troves of
Michigan and Mississippi.

Picking a lane, in the parlance of this election, will put off some Republicans,
particularly those who believe the party's cardinal sin in 2008 and 2012 was its
failure to back "a true conservative." But Texas Sen. Ted Cruz has failed to
demonstrate that he can win a majority even of the evangelicals that form his
base, let alone the mix of Republicans and independents needed for November.
There also are those - the Star Tribune Editorial Board among them - who
consider his ultra-combative, shut-'er-down temperament a poor fit for the
presidency.

That leaves Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida and Ohio Gov. John Kasich. The Editorial
Board already took the rare step of issuing a pre-caucus endorsement, for Rubio.
He remains the best suited to take on Trump and advance to November with a
platform that would be conservative - he is, in truth, no moderate - but
appealing to a broader cross-section of voters.

Kasich, despite his inability to break out of single digits, continues to
impress with an evenhanded approach and old-school restraint that hark back to a
time when candidates could disagree without being disagreeable. A Rubio-Kasich
ticket would offer a more formidable pairing and would present an option far
more attractive than the chaotic brawl that could come from a brokered
convention in July.

For now, the GOP should seriously consider throwing itself behind the joint
ticket of a candidate who offers a fresh vision and diversity the party badly
needs, and one whose experience and demeanor would do credit to Republicans and
provide a steady hand.

The last team to offer such a combination of traits won the White House. Twice.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              300 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                            July 26, 2006 Wednesday

Newspaper firms fear sale may be stalled

BYLINE: By Josh Richman, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Tribune; Times-Star

LENGTH: 641 words


Newspaper companies say they could lose millions, suffer labor strife and
violate a Justice Department order if the $1 billion sale of the San Jose
Mercury News, the Contra Costa Times and other papers is delayed by a lawsuit.

U.S. District Judge Susan Illston of San Francisco will hold a hearing Thursday
on whether plaintiff Clinton Reilly can have a temporary restraining order
postponing the deal's consummation, and whether McClatchy Co. can intervene in
the lawsuit.

Sacramento-based McClatchy recently bought Knight RidderCorp.'s 32 newspapers
for $6.5 billion. From among those, the Mercury News and the Contra Costa Times
are now to be sold for $736.8 million to Denver-based MediaNews Group -- which
owns this newspaper -- and the Monterey County Herald and the St. Paul (Minn.)
Pioneer Press are to be sold for $263.2 million to New York City-based Hearst
Corp., owner of the San Francisco Chronicle.

In a separate, simultaneous pact, Hearst agreed to give the St. Paul and
Monterey papers to MediaNews in return for an equity investment in MediaNews'
non-Bay Area assets; if the government won't OK that, MediaNews will simply buy
those two papers from Hearst.

Reilly, a San Francisco businessman, political consultant and 1999 mayoral
candidate, sued July 14 to halt the deal, which he says would create a Bay Area
newspaper monopoly with higher subscription and advertising rates and diminished
journalistic quality, jobs and union contracts.

McClatchy wasn't sued but filed a motion Monday to intervene. Vice President and
CFO Patrick Talamantes' declaration says his company borrowed about $3.08
billion to finance the Knight Ridder purchase and needs the MediaNews/Hearst
deal's proceeds to help repay that debt now; his company pays about $163,000 in
interest per day on that $1 billion.

Talamantes also said delaying the MediaNews/Hearst deal means McClatchy might
have to start negotiating new contracts with three unions representing more than
600 Mercury News staffers -- even though it doesn't plan to keep the paper -- or
else face labor unrest. And the Justice Department has required McClatchy --
which already owned the Minneapolis Star Tribune -- to get rid of the St. Paul
Pioneer Press within a few months, he noted; this, too, could be delayed.

McClatchy also filed a declaration by economist Andrew Joskow, a former Justice
Department antitrust official, disputing Reilly's claims of higher subscriber
and ad rates or diminished quality.

Reilly filed documents Monday seeking a temporary restraining order while his
lawsuit proceeds. Loss of competitive news outlets amounts to irreparable harm,
he claims, and it'll be much harder to undo the deal after it's done.

But in a response filed Tuesday, MediaNews says there's practically no
circulation overlap in Reilly's hometown of San Francisco between papers it
already owns and those it plans to buy, and only minimal overlap in the East
Bay's Tri-Valley area. Lack of overlap undermines claims of potentially inflated
subscriber and ad rates, the company contends, and advertisers who would enjoy
area-wide coverage will suffer if the deal is delayed.

MediaNews also said delaying the deal past July's end means it might have to pay
$23 million more to refinance the $350 million loan it took for the deal, plus
other costs. The state and federal governments' antitrust reviews should be
enough, the brief notes.

McClatchy and MediaNews also filed declarations seeming to attack Reilly's
standing to sue by noting they have no record of his ever having advertised in
or subscribed to the Mercury News or Contra Costa Times.

Hearst also filed a brief arguing Reilly's case is full of holes: Hearst said it
will be only a minority investor in MediaNews' non-Bay Area properties through
this deal, so no monopoly can ensue.

Contact Josh Richman at jrichman@angnewspapers.com .

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              301 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            March 14, 2009 Saturday
                                 Metro Edition

Asperger's diagnosis is rejected in Craigslist trial

BYLINE: ABBY SIMONS, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 342 words


The man accused of using Craigslist to lure a Twin Cities woman to his house and
then killing her can't use his subsequent diagnosis of Asperger's disorder in
his defense at his trial this month, a judge ruled Friday.

Defense attorneys contend that the disorder, a mild form of autism sometimes
characterized by clumsiness and eccentric speech and behavior, explains how
Michael John Anderson could have unintentionally shot Katherine Olson in his
home in Savage in October 2007.

But District Judge Mary Theisen ruled that the defense's argument was
insufficient to show that the Aspergers disorder diagnosed by defense
psychiatrists had anything to do with the death. Further, she said, such
testimony might invite jurors to speculate that he had diminished mental
capacity or responsibility, a defense "not recognized in Minnesota."

Police say Anderson, 20, lured Olson, 24, to his house by posing on Craigslist
as a woman needing a baby sitter. He allegedly shot her in the back before
hiding her body in the trunk of her car, which was found in a Burnsville park.
His trial on murder charges is set to begin in Scott County with jury selection
next week.

Lead defense attorney Alan Margoles has acknowledged that Anderson was holding
the gun, but he said his client didn't intend to kill Olson.

Anderson's statements to police allegedly included, "I thought it would be
funny," and "I didn't kill her; the bullet did." Margoles argued in a pretrial
hearing that the disorder played a key role in the shooting and his behavior
afterward.

Scott County prosecutors argued that the claim amounted to a diminished capacity
defense. Under Minnesota law, determinations about diminished mental state must
be made post-conviction.

Margoles countered that those with Asperger's aren't diminished but think
differently. He compared his client to Mr. Spock of "Star Trek."

In her ruling, Theisen pointed out that Anderson hadn't previously been
diagnosed with Asperger's or any mental illness.

Opening arguments are expected to begin March 23.

Abby Simons - 612-673-4921

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              302 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           October 18, 2007 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

From afar, America resembles a 2nd-rate power;
Hints of our diminished state can be seen in our paranoia, our swooning U.S.
dollar and our untidy airports.

BYLINE: Alan M. Webber

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15A

LENGTH: 976 words


A not-so-funny thing happened last month while I was on a business trip to
Austria and Sweden: My country started to resemble a second-rate power. I saw it
in three different places -- at an international conference at the Benedictine
Abbey at Melk in Austria, at a quiet public square in Stockholm and at the Los
Angeles International Airport, when I got home.

At the Austria gathering, the Waldzell Institute held its annual meeting aimed
at the spiritual development of society. The theme on the stage with the Dalai
Lama was legacy, but the conversation among participants during breaks turned to
America. The questions came not as accusations, but as laments: "What's the
matter with your country?"

The Europeans who come to this conference are worldly people who track what's
happening globally with an impartial eye. To them, China's growth and dynamism
is the most compelling story of the 21st century. "Dynamism" was the sort of
word people once used when talking about the United States. Now, they watch us
like rubberneckers driving past a car wreck. "You used to be such a great
country," they say. "Not even a country. What happened to the great idea that
once defined America?"

Falling short, and falling apart

It's more than a fair question, and one that you can appreciate only when you
are outside the bubble that passes for media and public discourse in the USA
today. Because when you're outside the bubble, only then do you realize how far
the United States has drifted from its promise, how large the gap is between
what we profess and what we do. What is important is how far short we are
falling and, in some important ways, falling apart. From afar, you see how
closed our once-open society has become; how diminished our economic superiority
has become; and how worn our once impeccable image has become.

We're becoming 'home blind'

The Danish have a saying that translates into "home blind," which is a malady
that appears to be striking Americans.

Paranoia. To read newspapers, to listen to the radio or tune into TV, to scan
the Web from afar, is to accept, almost unquestioningly, the overarching theme
of the American Conversation: What do we do to make America safe? The sense that
emanates from our country, almost like a bad smell, is a feeling of urgent
defensiveness: They're all out to get us! Yet, this America-under-siege
mentality seems unreal. Yes, there are bad people in the world who would seek to
do harm to us, but there are still many more people who regard America as an
ideal more than as the great Satan.

Yet we have come to see everyone as a threat. Try to come to the USA and you'll
feel it, the people at the Waldzell meeting said. Just try to make it through
the security screening. Yes, they say, you might thwart your enemy from
attacking you, but you'll also prevent friends from supporting you.

Face value. The second time I saw the new-and-unimproved America, I was sitting
down for a snack in a quiet, tree-lined square in Stockholm. There were four of
us and we ordered a beer, three bottles of sparkling water and four salads. It
was a lovely meal -- until the check came. Thanks to America's fiscal policy,
the Bush administration's deficit financing of the Iraq war and the popping of
the housing bubble, the dollar is now a second-rate currency. The cost of our
snack, denominated in new, nearly worthless dollars: more than $100.

The U.S. dollar is now on a par with the Canadian dollar. And the euro is
towering over the U.S. greenback in a way few imagined possible, and in a way
that raises serious questions. America is already damaged goods by virtue of the
Iraq war. What additional damage does the United States suffer when its currency
becomes worth less and less? Is there a point where diminished prestige actually
becomes diminished economic leadership? And just where is that point? As close
as another interest rate cut?

Subpar facilities. And then there is the inevitable moment of re-entry into the
USA,  to familiar scenes and well-known realities. Like the process of clearing
customs, dealing with security, claiming luggage. In this case, it happened to
be LAX, but it could just as well have been JFK Airport or Chicago O'Hare or any
other large U.S. port of entry.

It's worth describing the typical European airport, whether in Frankfurt, Vienna
or Stockholm: Think of a handsome shopping mall where airplanes take off and
land. The security screening process is decentralized, oftentimes with scanning
taking place at the gate rather than the main terminal, which means there are
rarely  long lines. The facilities are  clean. The people working at the gates
are courteous. Sure, not every foreign airport sparkles, but compare that with
the welcome that the United States extends: The facilities are  poorly
maintained, the screening process is an unpleasant grind and workers are often
brusque. On top of that, our flights are rarely on time.

In America, it's business as usual.  We've simply learned to accept this way of
life, rather than confronting the reality of our decline. Maybe that's what
happens to once-rich, once-powerful superpowers as they gradually decline: They
lose track of their own standards. Perhaps, seen from the outside, the USA is
easier to see as it is. Perhaps we are wasting this moment in time, and risking
squandering the future, by giving in to our paranoia, by accepting our devalued
dollar, and by looking past our eroding public facilities and deteriorating
infrastructure.

We are asking the wrong questions about our country's role in the world, and so
we are getting the wrong answers about how to create the future we want. And in
the bargain, we are settling for a devalued national currency, in every sense of
the word.

---

Alan M. Webber is founding editor of the business magazine Fast Company and a
member of USA TODAY's board of contributors.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Web Bryant, USA TODAY (ILLUSTRATION)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2007 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              303 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 1, 2014 Monday

Judge: Pension reform law unconstitutional

LENGTH: 441  words

DATELINE: DeKalb


Northern Illinois University has issued the following news release:

Northern Public Radio reports the following: An Illinois judge has ruled that a
law intended to fix the nation's worst state employee pension crisis violates
the state constitution. On Friday, Sangamon County Circuit Judge John Belz ruled
in favor of state employees and retirees who sued to block the state's landmark
pension overhaul.

The focus of the opposition is a clause in the Illinois Constitution that calls
the state pension systems an "enforceable contractual relationship, the benefits
of which shall not be diminished or impaired."

At issue was whether lawmakers defied that clause by passing a law that reduces
state workers', public school teachers' and university employees' retirement
benefits.

Governor-elect Bruce Rauner issued the following the statement about the ruling:

"Today's ruling is the first step in a process that should ultimately be decided
by the Illinois Supreme Court. It is my hope that the court will take up the
case and rule as soon as possible. I look forward to working with the
legislature to craft and implement effective, bipartisan pension reform."

The pension law in question curbs annual cost-of-living pension increases for
current retirees and delays the age for retirement for many current public
workers. Plaintiffs in the case say the law clearly violated the constitutional
protections.

Gino DiVito, an attorney who represents retired public school teachers, says the
law breaches a guarantee that pension benefits not be diminished.

"There's no question in my mind that the statute is unconstitutional, and it
should be found to be unconstitutional," he said.

The state argued that Illinois' financial situation is so bleak -- in part
because of pension debt -- that it's an emergency. A house-is-burning,
break-the-windows kind of emergency.

Lawyers for the state said the Illinois Constitution considers membership in a
pension system to be contractual relationship between the state and its workers.
And contracts can be modified in extreme emergencies.

Attorneys representing unions and retirees said Illinois' Constitution is
unambiguous when it says pension benefits "shall not be diminished or impaired."

The state is expected to appeal the ruling directly to the Illinois Supreme
Court. The overhaul was approved by lawmakers and Democratic Gov. Pat Quinn last
year. Years of under funding had put the state's pension systems roughly $100
billion short of what they need to cover benefits promised to employees.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              304 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                             August 27, 2012 Monday

Police could get DNA from breath testing device, rules Md. Court of Appeals

BYLINE: Pat Murphy

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 215  words


Police didn't need a warrant to get a homicide suspect's saliva for DNA analysis
from a device used to administer a breath test required as a term of his
probation, Maryland's highest court has ruled in affirming a conviction.

The defendant became a suspect in a homicide when he was on probation for a
drunk driving offense. Police investigating the homicide obtained a sample of
the defendant's saliva left on a straw for a breath testing device. The device
was used to check the defendant's compliance with an alcohol monitoring program
mandated by the terms of his probation. DNA analysis of the saliva linked the
defendant to the homicide.

The defendant moved to suppress, arguing that police violated the Fourth
Amendment by obtaining the DNA evidence without a warrant.

But the court held that police only needed reasonable suspicion to collect the
defendant's saliva.

"[W]e hold that a person on probation from a drunken driving offense has ... a
significantly diminished expectation of privacy. Moreover, a probationer's
expectation of privacy is diminished even when the new crime under investigation
is not related to the crime that led to the probation sentence," the court said.

Maryland Court of Appeals. Corbin v. State, No. 48, Sept. Term, 2011. Aug. 22,
2012. Lawyers USA No. 993-3452.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              305 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            November 1, 2004 Monday
                          FIVE STAR LATE LIFT EDITION

Illini struggle in St. Louis talent contest

BYLINE: BY JEREMY RUTHERFORD OF THE POST-DISPATCH Post-Dispatch correspondent
Nate Latsch contributed information to this report.

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 1369 words


In 20 days, four players who played high school football in the St. Louis area
will end their University of Illinois careers. Their departures signal the
diminished flow of a pipeline that has connected St. Louis and Champaign for
several years.

The roster from Illinois' 2001 team, which finished 10-2 after a trip to the
Sugar Bowl, listed 15 players from the St. Louis area. When the Illini open
training camp next August, there could be as few as seven scholarship players
from the St. Louis area on the team.

"We have noticed that there aren't as many guys that come up here, and it
hurts," Illinois linebacker Matt Sinclair (St. Louis University High) said.

The latest wave of players departing the Illini includes Sinclair, Mark Kornfeld
(SLUH), Bryan Koch (Francis Howell) and Anthony McClellan (O'Fallon, Ill.). The
Illini (2-7 overall, 0-6 in the Big 10) have two games remaining. They entertain
Indiana at 1 p.m. Saturday and finish Nov. 20 at Northwestern.

There are a number of reasons for Illinois' decline in St. Louis-area players.

Topping the list is the Illini's poor performance on the field the last two
seasons. They are 8-25 -- with two wins over NCAA Division I-AA teams -- since
their Sugar Bowl trip. That leads to the uncertain status of coach Ron Turner,
who reportedly could be fired in the coming weeks. Who would commit to the
Illini with a possible coaching change in the works?

Another factor is Missouri's recent recruiting success in St. Louis. Coach Gary
Pinkel has put a fresh face on the MU program, which appears to have diminished
Illinois' appeal in some St. Louis players' eyes.

There are also questions about the limited level of talent in St. Louis the past
few years.

Turner, undeterred by the trend and unconcerned about his job security, says the
Illini will rake the St. Louis area heavily and "get our share from there."

"We've had real good success with kids from St. Louis, so we're going to
continue to recruit it as hard as we can," Turner said last week.

In the 2000 and 2001 signing classes, Illinois signed 12 players from St. Louis.
From 1999 to 2002, the Illini had 18 players from the area on their roster. Not
surprisingly, the program was 28-19 in that span.

In the past two years, when Illinois has won just three of 21 games, the team
signed just two players from the area -- JR Kraemer (Lafayette) and Jeff Sobol
(Herculaneum).

As a result, Illinois' St. Louis contingent next year might consist of just
seven players: Kraemer, Sobol, Jason Davis (Lindbergh), Travis Williams (Wood
River), Kendrick Jones (East St. Louis), Brian Schaefering (Hazelwood East) and
Kyle Schnettgoecke (Chaminade).

Has recruiting gotten tougher for the Illini in St. Louis?

"I get asked that a lot," said Illinois assistant coach Greg McMahon, who
recruits the St. Louis area. "It's always been doggone competitive, even when
you're coming off a Sugar Bowl. I'm going after the same kid everybody else is."

Lindbergh coach Tom Beauchamp followed Illinois' recruitment of Jason Davis
three years ago.

"I don't think they're doing anything wrong," Beauchamp said. "It's just a
matter of them hitting on the right people. Of course, winning, that helps.
That's going to have some play in the situation."

The Illini are assured of their third consecutive losing season.

"You'd be naive to think that winning is not an important aspect of it," McMahon
said. "I'd much rather be going (into St. Louis) coming off three consecutive
winning seasons, as opposed to three losing ones. But it's still flat-out about
relationships and getting to know the kids and their families ... just seeing if
it's the right fit.

"It's funny, it's that river that separates us. If that river wasn't there,
they'd come into our state, we'd go into their state ... there's nothing
unhealthy about that. It's just up to those kids to decide what's best for
them."

Beauchamp said the Illini boast about the school's academics and proximity to
St. Louis (180 miles) when recruiting the area.

Sinclair and Kornfeld both said the "comfort factor" caused them to choose
Illinois. But Sinclair admits that success on the field is what ultimately sells
a program.

"You can talk all you want, make all the promises, but it's kind of like the
presidential campaign," Sinclair said. "These guys go out and they promise all
of the stuff at the debates, but what you really want to see is the productivity
in the office. For us, it hasn't been that successful the last couple of years.
We've got to start playing a lot better to get more guys wanting to come here."

The Mizzou factor

Two defeats in particular have hurt Illinois. The Illini lost to Missouri in
both 2002 and '03 at the Edward Jones Dome, causing some high school votes to
sway to the Tigers.

"I think it has an effect," Beauchamp said. "I don't think it has a huge effect.
But if you win, sure, it gives you an edge."

Sinclair believes the losses had a huge effect.

"You don't necessarily want to say it, but I know as a high school kid, I would
have noticed something like that," Sinclair said. "It's a definite edge that
they have in the recruiting process ... to say, 'You know, head to head, we've
beaten them two years in a row.'"

The last two recruiting classes have illustrated the effect. While Illinois has
signed two players from the St. Louis area the past two years, Missouri has
signed 11.

MU also has a jump on the '05 class. The Tigers have two recruits from St. Louis
committed for next season; the Illini have none.

Kornfeld said Pinkel has made a strong impression in St. Louis.

"I have an inside look on it with my dad (SLUH head coach Gary Kornfeld),"
Kornfeld said. "He has said that (former MU coach) Larry Smith was in his office
one time. As soon as Pinkel took over, he was in my dad's office three or four
times. Coach Pinkel put a big emphasis on St. Louis and he specifically is why
people want to go there."

McMahon is aware of the challenge

"I've got great respect for coach Pinkel, I really do," McMahon said. "He's a
hard worker, and he's an excellent recruiter. Missouri's done a good job for a
long time. Missouri should do a good job in St. Louis in my opinion, just like
Illinois should. It brings out the best in you."

The whirling talent pool

Illinois isn't ready to concede anything in St. Louis because of the success it
has had in the area. Sinclair and Christian Morton, a former Illini player, were
two of St. Louis' top recruits in recent memory.

"I think things go in cycles," Turner said. "You get more some years and some
years you don't. It's not because of lack of effort or not trying."

The talent level in St. Louis has fluctuated the last three seasons, according
to Danny Heitert, publisher of the recruiting magazine "STC Grid Report."

The 2002 class, Heitert said, has been the best of the last three years, a class
led by former Normandy High TB Laurence Maroney, who is now shredding the Big
Ten Conference at Minnesota.

According to Heitert, Illinois' recruitment of Maroney is a perfect example of
the struggle it's been for the Illini in St. Louis.

"They were very close on Maroney," Heitert said. "But coming in second on a
player is really being damned by faint praise. It doesn't help to know that
Laurence Maroney thought hard about attending Illinois. He didn't (go there) ...
case closed. Illinois has been close a lot of times with nothing to show for it
in St. Louis."

Clayton quarterback Jairus Byrd is one of the top prospects in the area and has
received a scholarship offer from Illinois. Byrd is said to be leaning toward
UCLA, but says he'll keep an open mind.

"My perception is that (Illinois) is a great school as far as education," Byrd
said. "It depends on what you're going there for. If you're going for football,
yeah, you might shy away with their record the last couple years. But if you're
going for the academics and the atmosphere, then it might not make you shy away.
It depends on your motives."

=== Illinois UP NEXT: 1 p.m. Saturday at Indiana

Bringing them in As the Illini sign fewer recruits from the St. Louis area,
they've won fewer games. Here's the number of area players they've brought in
since 1999.

2004

2

2-7 record

2003

0

1-11 record

2002

3

5-7 record

2001

6

10-2 record

2000

6

5-6 record

1999

4

8-4 record

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo
 (1) PHOTO by JONATHAN DANIEL / GETTY IMAGES - Mark Kornfeld, who played for
SLUH, is one of four players with ties to the St. Louis area who will depart
Illinois when the season ends. (2) Photo by GETTY IMAGES - Illini linebacker
Matt Sinclair (44), who graduated from SLUH, says "it hurts" to see the decline
in the number of St. Louis area players coming to Illinois.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              306 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                             January 6, 2017 Friday

Four charged in Chicago over beating broadcast on Facebook

LENGTH: 464  words


Four young African-Americans were charged on Thursday with hate crimes in the
videotaped torture of a white man with diminished mental capacity after they
streamed it live on social media.

A combination photo shows four people charged with felonies for the beating of a
man with mental health issues, L-R: Brittany Covington, 18, Jordan Hill, 18,
Tanishia Covington, 24, and Tesfaye Cooper, 18, shown in Chicago Police
Department photos released in Chicago, Illinois, US January 5, 2017.
[Photo/Agencies]

CHICAGO - Four young African-Americans were charged on Thursday with hate crimes
in the videotaped torture of a white man with diminished mental capacity after
they streamed it live on social media.

The victim, who was not identified, was picked up on Saturday by one of his
abductors in a northwestern suburb of Chicago where his parents had dropped him
off at a McDonald's restaurant, police told a news conference.

Jordan Hill, Tesfaye Cooper and Brittany Covington, all 18, were each charged
with aggravated kidnapping, hate crime, aggravated unlawful restraint,
aggravated battery with a deadly weapon and residential burglary, prosecutors
said.

Tanishia Covington, 24, faces the same charges, except for residential burglary.
Hill was also charged with robbery and possession of a stolen vehicle.

The victim, 18, was missing for days, police said.

They said Hill was an acquaintance of the victim, and that he picked him up in a
stolen van. While the victim's parents reported him missing, their son and Hill
spent the next two days together, visiting friends and sleeping in the van.

On Tuesday, a "play fight" between the two in the Covington sisters' apartment
escalated, Kevin Duffin, a police commander, said at the news conference.

The victim was tied up for four or five hours, gagged and beaten. His scalp was
cut and he was forced to drink toilet water, Duffin said.

In the Facebook Live video, the attackers could be heard making comments about
"white people" as the victim cowered in a corner, his mouth taped shut.

At least one of the attackers could also be heard saying obscenities about
President-elect Donald Trump. Police said they did not know whether the victim
was a Trump supporter.

"Let me be very clear, the actions in that video are reprehensible," Police
Superintendent Eddie Johnson said.

Police officers located the victim on Tuesday after neighbors complained about
noise coming from the apartment. He was outside in freezing weather wearing only
a tank top, shorts and sandals, police said.

He was taken to a hospital and later released. Members of the public alerted
investigators to the Facebook Live video.

The four suspects are due to appear in a Chicago bond court on Friday.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/498/1493/73/148369376681.jpg

f8bc126e4b4e19d94aa425.jpg

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2017 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              307 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 THE AUSTRALIAN

                            February 3, 2006 Friday
                           All-round Country Edition

Bush's oil sell meets resistance

BYLINE: Geoff Elliott, Washington correspondent

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 687  words


PRESIDENT George W. Bush started a three-day tour of the US yesterday to sell
his State of the Union vision of breaking America's addiction to oil, only to
find plenty of sceptics and a sense of unease over the direction of the country.

As administration officials appeared to backtrack on his bold vision that
alternative fuels could help the US replace 75per cent of its oil imports by
2025, Mr Bush headed to Nashville, Tennessee, for a follow-up address to
Wednesday's speech to both houses of Congress.

Mr Bush acknowledged yesterday the unease in the US that has been prompting
calls for the country to retreat from Iraq as well as erect trade barriers
against emerging giants such as China -- key themes in his State of the Union
address.

''People are uncertain, in spite of our strong union, because of war, and I
understand that,'' Mr Bush said.

''My worry is, is that people see that uncertainty and decide to adopt
isolationist policies, or protectionist policies.

''In other words, in uncertain times, it's easy to -- for people to lose
confidence in the capacity of this country to lead and to shape our future.''

But there were plenty of critics of Mr Bush's vision -- outlined in the State of
the Union address, which analysts said was framed to try to arrest a worrying
slide in the polls for Republicans, who are hoping to hold on to a majority in
both houses of Congress in the mid-term congressional elections.

Critics from both side of the political divide agreed that Mr Bush's speech was
characterised by a diminished platform as he tries to adopt a less disruptive
domestic agenda after being bruised last year when his plan to reform the US's
bankrupt pension system failed.

''He didn't call for a lot of new things on the domestic front. He had a lot of
rhetoric, but the proposals were quite modest. And on the foreign policy front,
he didn't break a lot of new ground,'' former presidential adviser David Gergen
told US television.

Thomas Mann, a scholar at the Washington think tank Brookings, said most State
of the Union addresses were of little consequence and said this week's was no
different. ''The public mood is sour,'' he said. ''Bush's diminished political
standing will improve only with positive developments on the ground in Iraq and
with the US economy.

''The President's political and policy ambitions have run aground ... and his
party now looks bereft of ideas, diminished by perceptions of incompetence and
corruption, and at risk of losing their political control of Washington.''

But it was Mr Bush's energy policies that captured most of the attention, with a
vision of a US that could ''move beyond a petroleum-based economy and make our
dependence on Middle Eastern oil a thing of the past''.

His plan is to promote alternative fuel sources such as ethanol from vegetation,
as well as solar and wind power. But ths plan was short on detail.

It prompted an editorial in The Wall Street Journal yesterday labelling it a
''startling turn'', adding that ''somewhere in his cardigan sweater next to a
fireplace, Jimmy Carter is smiling''.

Mr Carter, the Democrat president from 1977 to 1981, urged Americans to conserve
fuel and make sacrifices to reduce the country's reliance on foreign oil.

Mr Mann said that without higher fuel efficiency standards and/or energy taxes,
Mr Bush's energy proposals ''can't be taken seriously''.

Currently, all sources of ''renewable'' energy combined supply only 3.3per cent
of the US's energy needs.

Explaining just how the US could replace 75per cent of oil from the Middle East
in 2025 was left to Mr Bush's energy secretary Sam Bodman and Allan Hubbard,
Assistant to the President for Economic Policy. The briefing left reporters more
confused.

Mr Bodman said the target was simply ''an example'' of what could be achieved if
all the technology behind alternative energy sources worked.

''We're going to work hard to see to it that they will be,'' he said.

But he acknowledged that ''oil is a commodity -- most of the purchases of oil in
this country are done by the private sector'', which made its own decisions
about sourcing the cheapest form of energy.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

MATP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              308 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                           October 2, 2013 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Magistrate's dismay at the criminals let off with a caution

BYLINE: David Barrett

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 414 words


A MAGISTRATE who retired yesterday after 25 years on the bench expressed his
"dismay" at the way courts have pandered towards rehabilitating criminals rather
than punishing them.

Alan Bissell, who had a reputation as a colourful and "tough" JP, said he was
concerned that thousands of criminals a day were being let off with a "slap on
the wrist" by the police.

Even serious criminals who should be brought before magistrates were handed a
police caution, he said.

Mr Bissell spoke out as he was forced to retire on reaching 70 - the maximum age
at which magistrates are allowed to sit - and made the comments on his last day
at Flintshire magistrates' court in Mold, North Wales.

In a speech to lawyers and court staff, Mr Bissell said that when he began his
career on the bench in the late-Eighties, punishment was one of the main
purposes of the court's work.

"It seems to me that it has diminished to the point where it hardly features
these days," he said.

"Rehabilitation is washing over everything.

Although it has its place, quite clearly, I am personally very dismayed that the
work of the court has diminished to the extent that it has.

"It dismays me that so much of the work that should be before the court is being
handled by the police in terms of cautions."

He said cautions were being handed out by police officers for serious offences
such as sexual crimes, robbery and other violence. Such cases were being dealt
with "in their thousands and thousands" by cautions every day, he said.

Mr Bissell, who spent most of his working life as a civil servant in Whitehall,
said successive governments had promised to be hard on offenders but it had "all
come to naught".

Earlier this week, at the Conservative Party conference in Manchester, Chris
Grayling, the Justice Secretary, announced that he was scrapping the use of
"simple cautions" in England and Wales for serious crimes such as robbery and
rape.

Last year, 493 cautions were issued for offences normally considered so serious
that they would be dealt with in the Crown Courts.

He also announced that the Government would be carrying out a review of all
out-of-court disposals used in the criminal justice system, including
on-the-spot fines.

The use of cautions by the police goes unchecked at present.

Last year more than 200,000 were handed to criminals in England and Wales,
including to more than 14,000 offenders who admitted violence against the
person, 1,700 sex offenders, 2,800 burglars and 200 robbers.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2013 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              309 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Southeast Texas Record

                            June 16, 2010 Wednesday

Lawsuit filed after big rigs collide

BYLINE: Michelle Massey, East Texas Bureau

LENGTH: 307 words


MARSHALL-Two California residents are suing after their tractor-trailer rig was
struck from behind by another tractor-trailer rig, causing them serious
injuries. Richard Carl Whitcomb and Kevin Joseph Martin filed suit against R & L
Carriers, R & L Carriers Shared Services, R & L Transfer and Greenwood Motor
Lines, doing business as R & L Carriers, on June 14 in Eastern District of
Texas, Marshall Division. While Martin was asleep in the sleeper cab, Whitcomb
was driving the tractor-trailer rig westbound on Interstate Highway 30 in Morris
County when his truck was struck from behind by another tractor-trailer rig
operated by Raymond Beck Jr.

At the time of the accident, Sept. 29, 2009, Beck was an employee of R & L
Carrier. The plaintiffs are holding the employer responsible under the doctrine
of respondeat superior. Beck is accused of failing to control his speed, failing
to maintain a safe distance, failing to timely apply his brakes to avoid the
collision, failing to maintain a proper lookout, failing to take the necessary
actions to evade or prevent the collision and failure to yield the right of way.
The defendants are accused of negligence for hiring Beck when they knew or
should have known he was an incompetent driver, failing to properly train Beck,
and for entrusting Beck with a tractor-trailer. Whitcomb and Martin are seeking
damages for physical pain and mental anguish, diminished mental capacity, loss
of enjoyment of life, lost earnings, diminished earning capacity, disfigurement,
physical impairment, medical expenses, loss of consortium, loss of household
services, interest, court costs and attorney fees. The plaintiffs are
represented by Geoffrey Culbertson and Nicholas Patton of Patton, Tidwell &
Schroeder in Texarkana. U.S. District Judge T. John Ward is assigned to the
case.Case No. 2:10cv00199

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 SoutheastTexasRecord.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              310 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           February 19, 2008 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

GRADY MEMORIAL HOSPITAL: Power rests with counties --- for now

BYLINE: CRAIG SCHNEIDER; Staff

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 741 words


It's a truism that politicians hate to lose power.

But the Fulton County and DeKalb County commissions may vote this week or next
to give up much of their control over Grady Memorial Hospital.

For decades, Fulton and DeKalb's elected commissioners have appointed all 10
members of the Grady hospital board of trustees, but the county commissioners'
power would be diminished should Grady shift control over policies and budget
from the Grady board to a proposed nonprofit.

Ironically, Fulton and DeKalb must give final consent for the change to occur.
By law, the two counties must sign off on the lease agreement between the
nonprofit and the existing Grady board, which will remain, but with diminished
powers.

Several Fulton and DeKalb commissioners say they believe their boards will
approve the measure, though last-minute negotiations continue.

"I'm very confident that we will vote to support it," said Fulton Commission
Chairman John Eaves.

Fulton is expected to vote on the measure Wednesday and DeKalb on Feb. 26.

DeKalb Commissioner Burrell Ellis added, "I just don't see anything there that
is a deal-breaker."

The pressure to make the power shift has been building for months, primarily
from Republican state lawmakers and Atlanta business leaders who, in exchange,
promise millions of dollars of new funding for Grady.

But some county commissioners are not happy about losing a degree of control
over the hospital. They say their concerns aren't about political clout but
about protecting public accountability and oversight of Grady's spending.

The two counties' power lies in their authority to appoint the Grady board, with
Fulton naming seven members and DeKalb three. The two counties also provide
about $100 million a year toward Grady's budget, about 14 percent.

Last-minute negotiations between the counties and the Grady board focus on the
counties' desire to retain watchdog authority over Grady's purse strings, a
concern driven by some commissioners' belief that Grady management has failed to
control spending.

"The truth is they ran it into the ground," said Jeff Rader, a DeKalb
commissioner.

Some commissioners flatly reject the plan to hand power to a nonprofit. Fulton
Commissioner Emma Darnell believes the problem with Grady is not the result of
management deficiencies but of increasing cuts in government funding. "I don't
know of any reason for us to turn over millions of dollars to a group of people
that nobody voted for," Darnell said.

Fulton and DeKalb would have no direct appointments to the new Grady nonprofit
board, which will be appointed by the Metro Atlanta Chamber of Commerce, the
current Grady board and the governor, lieutenant governor and speaker of the
House.

"These captains of industry ... have mind-sets in which they tell people what to
do, and they go and do it," said Sen. Vincent Fort (D-Atlanta). They don't worry
about public input, he said. "That's messy ... but it's democracy."

One probable member of the nonprofit board, former Georgia-Pacific chief
executive Pete Correll, said the shift to the nonprofit is "a step back toward
accountability. ... It's going to manage in a fiscally responsible way to
continue the mission of the hospital."

Fulton and DeKalb still will appoint the members of the Grady board, which will
have some oversight of the nonprofit board, especially to guard Grady's historic
mission to serve the poor.

Removing power from the Grady board, and by extension the Fulton and DeKalb
commissions, has been a thrust of the Grady restructuring from the start. The
original recommendation by the Metro Atlanta Chamber of Commerce last July
stressed the need to create an independent nonprofit governing board "to remove
politics from the day-to-day management and operation of the hospital."

Fulton Commissioner Tom Lowe believes the Grady board is too political. "It
leads to hiring people who shouldn't be hired ... and giving contracts to people
who you shouldn't give contracts to," he said.

He added, "I never gave up power any more willingly in my life."

Some state legislators say Fulton and DeKalb shouldn't have so much control over
Grady. Rep. Earl Ehrhart (R-Powder Springs) noted that the hospital is important
to the region as metro Atlanta's only top-level trauma center and the training
center for one in four physicians in Georgia.

"If they want state money, they need to let go of some of that power," he said.

---Staff writer Ty Tagami contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2008 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              311 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                            December 2, 2014 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Gerrard must re-evaluate role to remain useful for Liverpool;
Oliver Kay writes that the Liverpool legend needs to accept a drop in game time
for his own long-term benefit

BYLINE: Oliver Kay

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 70

LENGTH: 929 words


Brendan Rodgers was unequivocal yesterday in laying out his vision for Steven
Gerrard's future. "For me, there would always be a position here for Steven as a
player," the Liverpool manager said, adding that he hoped that association would
continue, perhaps even alongside him in the dugout, long after his captain has
hung up his boots.

It is an appealing thought as Gerrard prepares to return to Liverpool's starting
line-up away to Leicester City tonight, but the "job for life" stuff seldom
seems to work out in football these days.

Raúl González always imagined he would play out his days with Real Madrid, not
Schalke, Al Sadd and New York Cosmos; Xavi Hernández is wondering, at 34,
whether to sever the umbilical cord that has tied him to Barcelona since
childhood; Frank Lampard, an icon of the modern Chelsea, is now enjoying himself
so much in a different shade of blue, at Manchester City, that his new start
with New York City might be postponed for a few weeks.

The only way to secure the status of a one-club man is by accepting a diminished
status and, usually, a diminished wage.

Ryan Giggs became accustomed to seeing his wage cut and his appearances rationed
during the extended twilight of his Manchester United career. Paolo Maldini
accepted that he would be used more sparingly towards the end of his illustrious
time with AC Milan. John Terry, who will be 34 this week, took a pay cut to
re-sign with Chelsea last May, even if he could justifiably claim this season to
be playing his best football in years.

It is an age at which a re-evaluation is required, not just from a player,
pondering how best to enhance or preserve his legend and legacy, but often from
his manager. José Mourinho reluctantly concluded last summer that he and Chelsea
could not offer Lampard the same status at 36 as they could Terry at 33. By
contrast, Sir Alex Ferguson persuaded Giggs and indeed Paul Scholes to keep
extending their contracts on the understanding that it was in all parties'
interests for them to play less.

Gerrard is 34. If his powers are waning - and in truth it had seemed to be
heading that way before his and Liverpool's spectacular resurgence last season -
it is hardly a shock. Great players seldom age as gracefully as Maldini or
Franco Baresi did.

Giggs and Scholes extended their careers only after adjusting to the reality
that they would be helped by playing less often and, crucially, with more
restraint.

Giggs was 34 when Ferguson announced, after United's Champions League triumph in
2008, that it was time to begin "phasing out" him and Scholes, a year his
junior. The pair went on to play for another six and five years respectively,
but Giggs saw his number of starts for United in all competitions drop from the
age of 32: from 39 in 2006-07 to 33 to 27 to 23 to 27 to 22 to 18 to a mere 15
in 2013-14. Injury restricted Gerrard to 27 and 28 starts for Liverpool and
England in 2010-11 and 2011-12. Over the past two seasons that figure was 48 and
49.

He is a different physical specimen to Giggs or Scholes, but his and Rodgers's
plan this summer, after his retirement from international football, was that he
would be used more sparingly in readiness for returning to the Champions League.
It was never meant to reach a situation where, after starting all 12 Barclays
Premier League matches and four out of five in the Champions League, it would
feel like a dramatic moment when, for his own good as much as the team's, he was
dropped to the bench for the home game against Stoke City on Saturday.

"You get to the stage of your career where you can't play every minute of every
game," Rodgers said yesterday. "But it's interesting; whenever Steven plays
three games in a week, I hear he's not capable of playing three games. Then the
minute he's out for a game, everyone asks why he's not playing."

That is what happens when a player is, as Rodgers said yesterday, a "proper
legend" at a club, but rotation is easier to accept - not least for the legend
being rotated - when it is merely a case of changing from one winning line-up to
another. Giggs and Scholes never, in their mid-30s, suffered the difficulty of
being a lightning rod for criticism in an underperforming team. United could
always look to others for inspiration. Liverpool, on this season's form, seem
unable to do so.

Rodgers suggested that money was the last thing Gerrard would consider with
regard to the contract offer Liverpool have made him. The deciding factors, the
manager said, "are as much about life as football".

Part of that, you suspect, is about Gerrard's need to feel a sense of comfort
and enjoyment with his role at Anfield, where he has been so bound up in
Liverpool's fortunes for the past 16 years that he would be forgiven a sense of
weariness. He might well look at Lampard, refreshed by his move to City and with
a new start in America ahead, or Raúl and see the appeal.

He might equally draw inspiration from Giggs or Francesco Totti. If the love
affair is to continue, though, it will have to be on different terms.

For him still to be the man who bails Liverpool out game after game, week after
week, is more than either he or the club can expect.

Vital statistics

687 Number of appearances Gerrard has made for Liverpool since 1998

1,476 Minutes he has appeared in Barclays Premier League and Champions League
matches so far this season (out of 1,620)

2.1 Tackles Gerrard has made per 90 minutes in the Premier League this season,
down from 3.1 last season

15 Premier League matches started by Ryan Giggs in 2008-09, when he was voted
PFA player of the year

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Fading force: Gerrard has reached the age of 34, meaning that a
reduction of his powers is natural, so it should not have felt dramatic when he
was recently droppedMIKE HEWITT /GETTY IMAGES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2014 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              312 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               New Jersey Lawyer

                                 April 5, 2004

POST-CONVICTION RELIEF;
Second PCR Petition Precluded Where Defendant Failed Twice To Timely Raise
Humanik Issue

BYLINE: Nicole D. Fox

SECTION: DECISIONS; State Courts; Vol. 13, No. 14; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 1241 words


In 1987, Shawn Milne was convicted of the sexual assault and murder of a
13-year-old girl.  Milne's attorney had considered, but did not present, a
diminished capacity defense.  At the time of Milne's trial, the diminished
capacity defense was governed by a version of N.J.S.A. 2C:4-2 that later was
found unconstitutional.  In Humanik v. Beyer, 871 F.2d 432 (1989), the Third
Circuit concluded that § 2C:4-2 had created a "'preponderance of the evidence'
filter" that removed the State's obligation to prove the elements of a crime
beyond reasonable doubt.

In response to Humanik, in November 1989, the New Jersey Supreme Court directed
that trial courts no longer require a defendant who raised the diminished
capacity defense to prove the claimed disease or defect by a preponderance of
the evidence.  In December 1989, the Supreme Court extended that directive to
appeals, but it cautioned that every case in which a diminished capacity issue
was presented did not warrant reversal because other principles "may dictate a
different result."

Even though Milne's direct appeal was pending at the time of the December 1989
directive, he did not raise the diminished capacity issue when he appealed to
the Supreme Court.  The Supreme Court denied Milne's petition for certification.

In State v. Culley, 250 N.J. Super. 558 (1991), the Appellate Division concluded
that the Supreme Court's prior Humanik directives applied only to pending
appeals and future trials and not to PCR petitions.  Nevertheless, Milne filed a
PCR petition on July 21, 1992 in which he asserted a Humanik claim.
Specifically, Milne maintained that his due process rights had been violated
because he had been unable to pursue a diminished capacity defense under §
2C:4-2, which at the time of his trial required that the defendant prove by a
preponderance of the evidence the existence of the mental disease or defect.
The trial court denied Milne's petition.  Milne appealed, and in doing so he
abandoned his Humanik claim.  The Appellate Division affirmed the trial court's
denial of Milne's petition, and the Supreme Court denied certification in 1994.

On June 5, 1995, the Supreme Court implicitly overruled Culley by addressing a
Humanik claim in the context of a PCR petition in State v. Reyes, 140 N.J. 344
(1995). Then, more than five years after Reyes, on April 16, 2000, Milne filed a
second PCR petition, and he again raised the Humanik issue.  The trial court
denied the petition.  Milne appealed.  In a decision reported at 355 N.J. Super.
355 (2002), the Appellate Division reversed, and it directed the trial court to
conduct a plenary hearing to determine whether Milne could present sufficient
proof of diminished capacity under a proper post-Humanik standard if he was
allowed to do so at a new trial.  The Supreme Court granted the State's petition
for certification.  The Supreme Court reversed, and it concluded that Milne's
petition was procedurally barred.

The Supreme Court observed that the "heart" of Milne's appeal was Rule 3:22-12,
which establishes a five-year time limit within which most PCR petitions must be
filed.  The Rule provides that a "petition to correct an illegal sentence may be
filed at any time" and that no other petition may be filed under the Rule more
than five years after the judgment or the sentence to be challenged has been
rendered unless there is evidence that delay beyond the time limit was a result
of the defendant's "excusable neglect."

The Supreme Court observed that there was no dispute that Milne's petition was
governed by the five-year time limit set forth in Rule 3:22-12.  Milne asserted
that relaxation of the five-year period was warranted because of the "unique"
procedural history of this case and the nature of his claim.  Even though the
Supreme Court acknowledged that this case was "unusual," it concluded that Milne
twice had failed to assert his claims in a timely manner when he had the
opportunity to do so.

The Supreme Court observed that Milne's first opportunity to seek relief was in
1992, when he filed his initial PCR petition.  Milne asserted that he had
abandoned his Humanik claim on appeal based on his "good-faith reliance" on
Culley. The Supreme Court found that Milne's explanation was contradicted by the
fact that Culley had been decided approximately one year before Milne had filed
his PCR petition.  Thus, the Supreme Court concluded that Milne had not been
hampered by Culley.

Milne's second opportunity to assert his claims occurred after Reyes had been
filed.  According to the Supreme Court, if the date of the decision in Reyes had
triggered the five-year clock for the filing of Milne's second PCR petition,
Milne had exceeded that time limit when he filed that petition, which was dated
August 16, 2000.  The Supreme Court pointed out that Milne's delay left the
judiciary with "the prospect of evaluating the propriety" of a 16-year-old
criminal conviction, including "all the difficulties and hardships to the system
that would attend such an endeavor." Thus, the Supreme Court concluded that,
based on the case law, it could not sanction that prospect without "compelling
circumstances."

The Supreme Court was not persuaded by Milne's argument that his delay in filing
was attributable to his pursuit of federal habeas corpus relief pursuant to the
"short" deadline of the Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act of 1996,
28 U.S.C. § 2244. In addition, the Supreme Court rejected the notion that Milne
did not appreciate his procedural rights until after the U.S. District Court
informed him that he might be entitled to seek State review of his Humanik
claim.

Accordingly, under the circumstances, including Milne's two opportunities to
proceed with a Humanik claim during two separate five-year periods, the Supreme
Court concluded that Milne had failed to provide any compelling reason to relax
the procedural bar of Rule 3:22-12.  Based on the totality of the circumstances,
the Supreme Court found no injustice in that conclusion.

Finally, as to the merits of Milne's claim, the Supreme Court concluded that
there had to be a "stronger sense" of merit than what was apparent before the
procedural bar of Rule 3:22-12 could be relaxed and the State could be required
at a plenary hearing to relitigate certain aspects of a 16-year-old conviction.

Dissent: Justice Long agreed with the Appellate Division that Milne's Humanik
argument was "substantial" and that it addressed the "fundamental principal of
the adversarial process": the obligation of the State to prove each element of a
crime beyond a reasonable doubt.  Justice Long disagreed with the majority's
conclusion that Milne unreasonably delayed, thus warranting the imposition of
the procedural bar of Rule 3:22-12.

For appellant: Lisa Sarnoff Gochman, Deputy Attorney General (Peter C. Harvey,
Attorney General).  For respondent: Mark A. Berman (Gibbons, Del Deo, Dolan,
Griffinger & Vecchione).  For amicus curiae Office of the Public Defender:
Robert L. Sloan, Assistant Deputy Public Defender (Yvonne Smith Segars, Public
Defender).

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2004 The New Jersey Lawyer, Inc.


                              313 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                             August 29, 2016 Monday

Petersburg, Va., Lowered to BB from BBB by S&P

SECTION: MARKET NEWS Vol. 1 No. 34569

LENGTH: 538  words


S&P Global Ratings said it has lowered its general obligation rating on the city
of Petersburg, Va. three notches to BB from BBB.

At the same time, due to the city's participation in governmental agreements to
provide for debt service payments, it also lowered its underlying rating on the
Stafford County & Staunton Industrial Development Authority's Municipal
League-Virginia Association of Counties Finance Recovery Act Bond Pool II (of
which Petersburg is a participant) three notches to BB from BBB.

The agency placed the long-term ratings on CreditWatch with negative
implications.

"The downgrade reflects our view that the city has very weak liquidity, based on
what we believe is now limited market access to external liquidity," said S&P
credit analyst Timothy Little. The city's failure to secure financing for its
annual tax anticipation note during the beginning of the fiscal year underscores
its diminished market access.

"The BB rating indicates that the city faces major ongoing uncertainties
regarding financial conditions, which could lead to inadequate capacity to meet
its financial commitments," he added.

The current long-term rating is constrained by the agency's view of the city's
very weak liquidity based on diminished market access, weak management
conditions that resulted from an ongoing structural imbalance with no credible
long-term plan in place to restore fiscal solvency, and very weak flexibility
with available reserves less than negative 5% of general fund expenditures.

Petersburg, with an estimated population of 32,899, is 25 miles south of
Richmond on Interstate 95, encompassing about 23 square miles in Petersburg City
(Dinwiddie County/Colonial Heights/Petersburg combined area).

"The CreditWatch Negative reflects uncertainty as to whether the city can
resolve its near-term liquidity concerns," added Little. Obtaining market access
could be a key to improved liquidity.

The city is actively managing its cash flows to have the ability to meet its
obligations based on timing of property tax collections, timing of payments, and
other cash flow management practices, the agency said. However, it faces major
ongoing uncertainties regarding financial conditions, which could lead to
inadequate capacity to meet its financial commitments.

Within the next 90 days, the city should be able to provide updated information
on its ability to obtain short-term financing and close its fiscal 2017 budget
gap of $12 million. The city has upcoming payments on bonded indebtedness which
should be made, based on current cash on hand and upcoming receipt of quarterly
property tax collections due before Sept. 30 and Dec.31.

If the city can obtain short-term liquidity, resolving current cash concerns,
and mitigating its $12 million budget gap, the agency may affirm the rating and
resolve the CreditWatch.

If interim financing is achieved but proposed budgetary reforms appear to be
insufficient for the current year, it may lower the rating. However, if
current-year budgetary action is insufficient or interim financing is not
achieved with cash flow suggesting continued liquidity strain that could impair
payment on its obligations, the agency said it would likely lower the rating by
several notches.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              314 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                           December 4, 2003 Thursday

Grocery strike might mean fewer Salvation Army kettles;
Organization hopes bell-ringing at other venues will make up for potential
losses

BYLINE: By Jessica Peralta , Sun Post News

SECTION: SUNPOSTNEWS

LENGTH: 640 words


The Salvation Army is joining some shoppers and keeping out of Albertsons this
holiday season. But the group's reasoning is not political. It decided not to
place its donation kettles in front of picketed stores in Orange County to avoid
the political fray. The decision could mean something for its bottom line,
however, if volunteers can't find new venues.

Barry Frost, director of communications and public relations for the Salvation
Army of Orange County, said that a statement was sent out from the Southern
California Division level regarding a possible $500,000 loss in revenue from not
having kettles at Albertsons and Vons during this Thanksgiving-Christmas season.
He said the Western Territorial Headquarters of the Salvation Army left it up to
every division as to whether they'd place kettles outside picketed stores or
not.

The divisional commander for Southern California put out a directive stating
that he'd prefer not to put out any kettles in picketed areas, Frost said. He
said Albertsons and Vons throughout Orange County and the division do not have
kettles, but Ralphs does. ``Maybe it'd be an unsafe environment and it may be
awkward to (bell-ringers), and maybe with greatly diminished shopping traffic,''
Frost said.

Frost said the diminished traffic would not seem to merit having kettle workers
present. They also wanted to stay out of the politics.

``We didn't want to appear to be taking sides in this particular issue,'' he
said.

The plan now is to build new friendships with alternate stores and new locations
for kettles. An upswing via other stores could help offset the potential loss.

``There definitely is a feeling that there could be diminished income,'' Frost
said.

Traditionally, the kettle season begins the week of Thanksgiving and ends Dec.
24. During the holiday season, donations might help needy families with food,
clothing, toys, etc. After-Christmas season donations might benefit those in
need of other services like rental and utility assistance.

``Whatever the needy family has a need for,'' Frost said.

Collections help all year round, he said, stating the Salvation Army slogan,
``Need knows no season.'' Typically bell-ringers are out Monday through Saturday
from about 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Frost said they are wherever store management
allows, including South Coast Plaza, the Brea Mall, post offices, grocery
stores, small strip malls and so on.

Frost said that if the strike continues, it might be possible that the Salvation
Army will be serving some of the grocery store picketers in the near future.

``I just know I couldn't last that long,'' he said. ``They have to go somewhere.
That's what we're here for.''

Frost said that from November-December 2002 kettle income from Orange County was
$207,000.

Not all charity-type groups, however, have felt a shortfall. Family Assistance
Ministries executive director Marie Toland said that thanks to food drives by
Concordia Elementary, Marblehead Elementary, Bernice Ayer Middle School and Dana
Hills High School, ``We're blessed. We have food coming in (through) our ears
right now.''

She said that FAM in the past has placed barrels at grocery stores and it worked
well.

``This year we did not, because we had this abundance of food,'' she said.
``This year we decided that wasn't the way to go and maybe part of that had to
do with the strike.''

FAM is running its Adopt-A-Family program and sign-ups end Friday. It's holding
its annual Christmas gift-giveaway event Dec. 20 at the Community Center at 11
a.m. It is open to children under 18 in need.

``The neat thing is that we are so supported in this community, if you're going
to run a charity San Clemente is a great place to do it,'' she said.

The Salvation Army can use kettle volunteers; call (714) 832-7100, Ext. 237, if
you're interested.

To reach Family Assistance Ministries, call 492-8477.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2003 Orange County Register


                              315 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 22, 1995, Thursday, Final Edition

Ex-Charity Chief's Sentence Plea Cites Surgery, Shrinking Brain

Charles W. Hall, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg.  B04

LENGTH: 745 words


Former United Way president William Aramony's judgment was severely diminished
by shrinkage in his brain and by his reaction to a 1988 castration to prevent
the spread of prostate cancer, according to lawyers seeking lenience for him
from a federal judge in Alexandria.

Aramony and two associates at United Way of America are to be sentenced today by
U.S. District Judge Claude M. Hilton for their convictions in April on 25 felony
counts, including charges of fraud, money laundering and income-tax evasion.

In an effort to minimize Aramony's sentence, which could be as much as eight
years under federal sentencing guidelines, Aramony's attorneys have painted him
as a caring and compassionate man and said that medical and psychiatric
disorders contributed to his use of the charity organization's money for lavish
personal purchases.

"Aramony's service to the community over more than four decades goes far beyond
anything the Sentencing Commission ever contemplated in preparing [federal]
guidelines," one of Aramony's attorneys, William B. Moffitt, wrote in a
memorandum to Hilton. "It is fair to say that this is unlike any case ever
presented to this or any other court."

Prosecutors, in turn, are citing the lingering damage caused to organized
charities, and a memorandum by Assistant U.S. Attorney Randy Bellows ridiculed
the defense's assertions that Aramony acted out of diminished mental capacity.

"There is simply no evidence before this court that Aramony acknowledges his
criminal conduct, regrets it and apologizes to the hundreds of local United
Ways," Bellows wrote to the judge. "Instead, what we have is an effort to avoid
jail by claims of poor health, shrinking brain, his age and his good deeds.
There has been no acceptance of responsibility whatsoever."

Aramony, 67, and two longtime associates, Thomas J. Merlo and Stephen J.
Paulachak, were convicted of cheating the United Way of America out of hundreds
of thousands of dollars in a long-running scheme.

United Way of America, based in Alexandria, is an umbrella organization that
provides training and marketing services and is supported by dues from local
United Way chapters. Under Aramony's 22-year leadership, it created a national
network that collected more than $ 3 billion in annual contributions.

According to court records, Aramony, who received $ 390,000 in salary annually,
used United Way funds to pay for personal trips with girlfriends to Las Vegas,
Miami, Egypt and London. He also bought a condominium in Florida and paid $
89,000 to one girlfriend for fictitious consulting services, the records show.

Both sides are disputing the amount that Aramony misspent, a question that could
affect the length of the sentence.

In his memorandum to Hilton, Moffitt argued that Aramony's long record of
service, including recent efforts to help local charities, merits special
consideration.

He has submitted more than 50 letters of support, including one from Rep. Tony
P. Hall (D-Ohio) and another from Lori Villasor, a former girlfriend who began
dating Aramony when she was 17 and went on many trips with him. Villasor's
letter called Aramony "the most genuine, caring, loving man I have ever known,"
saying he worked tirelessly to help those in need.

Moffitt also cited psychiatric reports suggesting that shrinkage in a frontal
brain lobe made Aramony more impulsive, diminished his ability to make complex
decisions and led to a "coarsening of his sexual life."

Moffitt said Aramony's behavior also was seriously affected by a prostate cancer
operation in which Aramony was castrated, an operation that defense
psychiatrists said caused Aramony to become even more driven. Quoting a United
Way board member, Moffitt wrote: "After Aramony's testicles were removed, 'He
went off the deep end.' "

Prosecutors have submitted their own letters from the public, including more
than 200 from local and national United Way leaders citing the scandal's
lingering effect on public confidence in charity.

Bellows's memorandum also questioned Aramony's claims of diminished capacity,
noting a psychiatrist's report showing that Aramony had better recall of details
than 99 percent of people his age.

"This is, simply put, a man who had the remarkable mental acuity to commit a
fraud over a long period of time without getting caught," Bellows wrote. "His
effort now to blame his conduct on his shrinking brain is ridiculous and
offensive."


LOAD-DATE: June 22, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, larry morris; Photo, Former United Way of America president
William Aramony faces up to eight years in prison when he is sentenced today for
misusing the charity's money.

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                              316 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            February 3, 2009 Tuesday

Lawmakers urged not to cut human-needs programs

BYLINE: James Thalman Deseret News

LENGTH: 591 words


A cross-section of health care and human services providers from throughout the
state spent Monday afternoon telling lawmakers that tough financial times are no
time to cut programs other agencies don't provide. During four hours of
testimony taken in carefully timed, 3-minute bursts, the joint Health and Human
Services appropriations subcommittee heard praise for its diligence and advice
to, in so many words, go into budget decisions with a scalpel, not a cleaver.
Doctors, clinicians, local public health directors, substance abuse workers,
ambulance drivers, academics, child advocates, battered women shelterers, senior
citizen activists and private contract service providers tried to paint a
picture ? and it was a grim one ?

if lawmakers follow through on proposed 15 percent budget cuts in 2010. The
state Department of Health and state Department of Human Services, like other
state agencies, have just undergone cutbacks made during the fall special
session and are undergoing trims for the remainder of this fiscal year, although
some programs such as Meals-on-Wheels, the Children's Health Insurance Program
and other broader-range prevention services were kept intact with one-time
funding. Two messages were made clear Monday: Utahns who receive services from
health and human services are different, and just because the financial capacity
of the state to provide for them is diminished doesn't mean the need has
diminished.  "If anything, demand has gone up," said Keri Jones, chief program
officer with YWCA Salt Lake City, noting that the battered women and children's
shelter is just one of 16 such emergency refuges statewide, 15 of which receive
state funding. General Fund appropriations to the shelters has stayed flat since
the 2000 fiscal year when nights of stay provided was about 41,000. The 2008
total was nearly 72,000. "In 2000, we had 61 requests for shelter we couldn't
fill," Jones said. "Last year we referred 760 families to other shelters."
Caroliyn Tomantich, director of behavioral health services at McKay Dee Medical
Center in Ogden, said the situation at every hospital and every emergency room
along Wasatch Front is "way beyond using Peter to pay Paul," adding that
facilities like hers are the safety net for every age group. When people with a
mental illness or family members have run out of options, the come to the
emergency rooms and then to a psychiatric services. "Every week, emergency
departments up and down the Wasatch Front play patient checkers as we try to
connect people up with the one open bed," she said.  Other providers urged
lawmakers on the committee and those dealing with budgets when proposals get to
the floor for debate to keep in mind the ripple effect of their decisions
outside Salt Lake, Weber, Davis and Utah Counties. Lloyd Berentzen, Bear River
Health Department Director and president of the Utah Local Health Officers
Association, reiterated the point that providers weren't there to keep their
jobs and maintain the status quo. "We believe that the health department needs
to be a cabinet-level presence in the state," Berentzen said, responding to a
committee proposal last week that its duties be folded for the most part into
other state agencies.  "Remember, our role by statute is to protect and improve
the welfare of the entire population, not just taking care of the sick one at a
time," Berentzen said. "It's preventing disease and infection outbreaks from
getting worse for the entire statewide community so that all of us collectively
protected."

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              317 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                            December 2, 2014 Tuesday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

Gerrard must re-evaluate role to remain useful for Liverpool;
Oliver Kay writes that the Liverpool legend needs to accept a drop in game time
for his own long-term benefit

BYLINE: Oliver Kay

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 70

LENGTH: 927 words


Brendan Rodgers was unequivocal yesterday in laying out his vision for Steven
Gerrard's future. "For me, there would always be a position here for Steven as a
player," the Liverpool manager said, adding that he hoped that association would
continue, perhaps even alongside him in the dugout, long after his captain has
hung up his boots.

It is an appealing thought as Gerrard prepares to return to Liverpool's starting
line-up away to Leicester City tonight, but the "job for life" stuff seldom
seems to work out in football these days.

Raúl always imagined he would play out his days with Real Madrid, not Schalke,
Al Sadd and New York Cosmos; Xavi Hernández is wondering, at 34, whether to
sever the umbilical cord that has tied him to Barcelona since childhood; Frank
Lampard, an icon of the modern Chelsea, is now enjoying himself so much in a
different shade of blue, at Manchester City, that his new start with New York
City may be postponed for a few weeks.

The only way to secure the status of a one-club man is by accepting a diminished
status and, usually, a diminished wage.

Ryan Giggs became accustomed to seeing his wage cut and his appearances rationed
during the extended twilight of his Manchester United career. Paolo Maldini
accepted that he would be used more sparingly towards the end of his illustrious
time with AC Milan. John Terry, who will turn 34 next week, took a pay cut to
re-sign with Chelsea in May, even if he could justifiably claim this season to
be playing his best football in years.

It is an age at which a re-evaluation is required, not just from a player,
pondering how best to enhance or preserve his legend and legacy, but often from
his manager. José Mourinho reluctantly concluded last summer that he and Chelsea
could not offer Lampard the same status at 36 as they could Terry at 33. By
contrast, Sir Alex Ferguson persuaded Giggs and indeed Paul Scholes to keep
extending their contracts on the understanding that it was in all parties'
interests for them to play less.

Gerrard is 34. If his powers are waning - and in truth it had seemed to be
heading that way before his and Liverpool's spectacular resurgence last season -
it is hardly a shock. Great players seldom age as gracefully as Maldini or
Franco Baresi did.

Giggs and Scholes extended their careers only after adjusting to the reality
that they would be helped by playing less often and, crucially, with more
restraint.

Giggs was 34 when Ferguson announced, after United's Champions League triumph in
2008, that it was time to begin "phasing out" him and Scholes, a year his
junior.

The pair went on to play for another six and five years respectively, but Giggs
saw his number of starts for United in all competitions drop from the age of 32:
from 39 in 2006-07 to 33 to 27 to 23 to 27 to 22 to 18 to a mere 15 in 2013-14.
Injury restricted Gerrard to 27 and 28 starts for Liverpool and England in
2010-11 and 2011-12. Over the past two seasons that figure was 48 and 49.

He is a different physical specimen to Giggs or Scholes, but his and Rodgers's
plan this summer, after his retirement from international football, was that he
would be used more sparingly in readiness for returning to the Champions League.
It was never meant to reach a situation where, after starting all 12 Barclays
Premier League matches and four out of five in the Champions League, it would
feel like a dramatic moment when, for his own good as much as the team's, he was
dropped to the bench for the home game against Stoke City on Saturday.

"You get to the stage of your career where you can't play every minute of every
game," Rodgers said yesterday. "But it's interesting; whenever Steven plays
three games in a week, I hear he's not capable of playing three games. Then the
minute he's out for a game, everyone asks why he's not playing."

That is what happens when a player is, as Rodgers said yesterday, a "proper
legend" at a club, but rotation is easier to accept - not least for the legend
being rotated - when it is merely a case of changing from one winning line-up to
another. Giggs and Scholes never, in their mid-30s, suffered the difficulty of
being a lightning rod for criticism in an underperforming team. United could
always look to others for inspiration. Liverpool, on this season's form, seem
unable to do so.

Rodgers suggested that money was the last thing Gerrard would consider with
regard to the contract offer Liverpool have made him. The deciding factors, the
manager said, "are as much about life as football".

Part of that, you suspect, is about Gerrard's need to feel a sense of comfort
and enjoyment with his role at Anfield, where he has been so bound up in
Liverpool's fortunes for the past 16 years that he would be forgiven a sense of
weariness. He may well look at Lampard, refreshed by his move to City and with a
new start in America ahead, or Raúl and see the appeal.

He might equally draw inspiration from Giggs or Francesco Totti. If the love
affair is to continue, though, it will have to be on different terms.

For him still to be the man who bails Liverpool out game after game, week after
week, is more than either he or the club can expect.

Vital statistics 687 Number of appearances Gerrard has made for Liverpool since
1998 1,476 Minutes he has appeared in Barclays Premier League and Champions
League matches so far this season (out of 1,620) 2.1 Tackles Gerrard has made
per 90 minutes in the Premier League this season, down from 3.1 last season 15
Premier League matches started by Ryan Giggs in 2008-09, when he was voted PFA
player of the year

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Fading force: Gerrard has reached the age of 34, meaning that a
reduction of his powers is natural, so it should not have felt dramatic when he
was recently dropped

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2014 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              318 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             April 13, 2007 Friday

Interim head gets postmaster position

BYLINE: By Steve Ramirez Sun-News reporter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 799 words


LAS CRUCES   LeGretta Ross-Rawlins, who has been officer in charge of the U.S.
post office in Las Cruces for the past 18 months, has been appointed as
postmaster.

David Woodwell, acting maintenance manager for the Las Cruces post office, said
Ross-Rawlins' promotion became effective March 30. She replaces former
Postmaster Bob Dinkel, who was reassigned to the U.S. Postal Services' regional
operations in Albuquerque.

"She's a fantastic asset," Woodwell said. "Now, we have someone who takes new
ideas and implements them. ` She just doesn't do the job, she does above and
beyond."

Ross-Rawlins was out of Las Cruces on business Friday and did not immediately
return telephone messages seeking comment.

Ross-Rawlins took over supervision of postal operations in Las Cruces in October
2005, at a time when numerous complaints were made by residents and concerns
expressed by Sens. Pete Domenici, R-N.M., and Jeff Bingaman, D-N.M., and the Las
Cruces City Council. But much of that doubt has subsided.

"The number of complaints to my office have greatly diminished in the past year
since LeGretta Ross-Rawlins has been at the helm." City Manager Terrence Moore
said. "It's greatly diminished and, quite frankly, I haven't had any in a
while."

However, there are still complaints and concerns among some residents who still
aren't satisfied with mail delivery in Las Cruces.

"It could be better," said Mark Andersen, a retired construction foreman who has
lived in Las Cruces the past four years. "I still have problems getting
magazines I subscribe to on a timely basis. I still worry about letters getting
lost and the same thing with bills that don't get to where they need to on
time."

But other postal customers said they haven't had any particular problems in
sending or getting their mail.

"It's still not perfect, but nothing's perfect," said Gloria Borrego, a Las
Cruces waitress. "A year ago, my mail was a mess, and I guess I was in the same
boat as a lot of people. But it's gotten way better in the past year, probably
because so many people complained. Whatever the reason, it's mostly been fixed
and I'm satisfied with it."

City Councilor Dolores Archuleta, who also serves on an independent Consumer
Advisory Council, said Ross-Rawlins will continue to improve postal operations.

"She has accomplished a great deal in the time she's been here," Archuleta said.
"She takes customer complaints and concerns very seriously."

The council provides a forum for postal customers and small businesses to
express ideas, concerns and suggestions to postal officials. Postal managers
answer questions; help clarify postal rules, regulations and procedures; discuss
and resolve service problems; and inform the council of new and changing postal
services and programs.

Archuleta said the consumer council is aware of continued problems in delivering
magazines and newspapers.

"It's not a local problem," Archuleta said. "The post office doesn't have any
problems in delivering them once they get here. But we've been told it's getting
them to the post office from other locations that's been the problem."

Archuleta added the consumer council has been told that more employees have been
hired at the post office and staff levels are close to what is allotted for Las
Cruces.

"We've been told they are only two positions short," Archuleta said.

Woodwell said there is a better focus on improving postal operations.

"Customer service is our business," he said. "Without leadership we're a ship
without a GPS (global positioning system). She has impressed on everyone (at the
post office) that the customer service side of it is the most important part of
our business. Our competition is us, we have to get better than us."

Steve Ramirez can be reached at sramirez@lcsun-news.com

New postmaster


     ·    LeGretta Ross-Rawlins, who has been officer in charge of the Las
          Cruces Post Office, was recently appointed as the city's new
          postmaster.



     ·    Ross-Rawlins has worked for the U.S. Postal Service since 1993



     ·    Before coming to Las Cruces, her postal service experience includes:
          officer in charge of the post office in Denton, Texas, from January
          2005 to April 2005; customer service manager for operations in
          Albuquerque, from September 2004 to November 2004; and customer
          service manager for the U.S. Postal Service in Kent, Wash., and
          Seattle, Wash.



     ·    Ross-Rawlins currently has memberships in the Greater Las Cruces
          Chamber of Commerce and the Hispano Chamber of Commerce de Las Cruces,
          is a member of New Life Missionary Baptist Church and is a
          co-facilitator with the New Mexico Child Abuse and Neglect Citizen
          Review Board



     ·    Ross-Rawlins is attending New Mexico State University and has attended
          Grambling (La.) State University; Knapp College of Business, in
          Tacoma, Wash.; and Highline Community College, in Des Moines, Wash.


LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2007 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              319 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                Plus Patent News

                           November 5, 2016 Saturday

LumiThera, Inc. (Washington) applies for US Patent titled as "MULTI-WAVELENGTH
PHOTOTHERAPY SYSTEMS AND METHODS FOR THE TREATMENT OF DAMAGED OR DISEASED
TISSUE"

LENGTH: 455 words

DATELINE: New York


ALEXANDRIA, Va: United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an
application no. 20160317833 for US Patent, published on November 3, 2016, by
LumiThera, Inc. (Washington), titled as "MULTI-WAVELENGTH PHOTOTHERAPY SYSTEMS
AND METHODS FOR THE TREATMENT OF DAMAGED OR DISEASED TISSUE"  for the
registration of patent.



Inventors: Tedford; Clark E; (Poulsbo, WA) ; DeLapp; Scott; (San Diego, CA) ;
Bradley; Scott; (San Marcos, CA)

Applicant: LumiThera, Inc.   Poulsbo   WA   US (Washington)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Provided are multi-wavelength phototherapy systems and methods for the
treatment of a disorder or disease, including multi-wavelength low level light
therapy ("LLLT"), in particular to multi-wavelength LLLT and other phototherapy
systems and methods for improving functionality in and/or restoring
functionality to a cell and/or tissue through the coordinated and targeted
delivery to the cell or tissue of two or more doses of light having distinct
wavelengths, wherein the two or more doses of light, when delivered in a
coordinated fashion, can stimulate the activity of two or more light sensitive
factors that, when activated, provide and/or enhance a desired target cell
functionality. Also provided are multi-wavelength phototherapy systems and
methods for treatment of disorders and diseases that are associated with a
diminished functionality in a cell of a patient afflicted with the disorder or
disease, which can be adapted for therapeutic use by the coordinated and
targeted delivery of two or more distinct wavelengths of light to a cell or
tissue in a patient afflicted with a disorder and/or disease to restore or
enhance, respectively, a diminished functionality to a cell and/or tissue that
is associated with the disorder and/or disease healing the disorder or reversing
and/or slowing the progression of one or more aspect of the disorder and/or
disease. Within certain aspects, provided are multi-wavelength phototherapy
systems and methods for the treatment of a damaged or diseased ocular tissue in
an eye of a human, including ocular tissue that is associated with dry macular
degeneration, which systems and methods include the delivery to the eye of two
or more therapeutically effective doses of light, wherein the two or more
therapeutically effective doses of light include a first dose of light having a
first wavelength and a second dose of light having a second wavelength. These
multi-wavelength phototherapy systems and methods can be used advantageously in
combination with the administration or delivery of one or more additional
therapeutics, including one or more small molecule, biologic, or other
therapeutic treatment regimen."


LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              320 of 997 DOCUMENTS

              St. Charles County Business Record (St. Charles, MO)

                           February 2, 2005 Wednesday

MO Court of Appeals says homeowner gets another chance to collect damages over
faulty repairs

BYLINE: Donna Walter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 636 words


A couple who spent $9,000 to have a sun room built on their Sunrise Beach, Mo.,
home and then spent another $7,000 to have the leaky windows replaced have a
chance to recoup some of their money.

Although a Camden County Circuit Court said St. Clair Corp. breached its
contract with Nick and Donna Stom when it failed to make the necessary repairs,
the trial judge awarded no damages to the Stoms because they failed to present
evidence of the diminished value of their home.

The Missouri Court of Appeals, Southern District, said Judge Bruce Colyer put
the burden of proof on the wrong party and remanded the case back to the trial
court for a determination of damages.

The two sides are miles apart when it comes to calculating damages. The Stoms
want the amount of money they paid another company to replace the windows and
wall pieces - $7,895.27. But St. Clair doesn't want to pay more than the cost of
replacing the screws that had been stripped when the single-pane windows were
replaced with double-pane thermal windows at the Stoms' request - 20 cents per
window. Stripped adjusting screws are what caused the leaks, according to St.
Clair's production supervisor, Mike McCarroll.

The Stoms contracted with Harold Haines Inc. to fix the leakage problem only
after St. Clair did not respond to their request.

The Stoms cited Ken Cucchi Const. Inc. vs. O'Keefe, a 1998 Eastern District
decision, to support their argument that, after a landowner presents evidence of
the cost to repair or replace, the burden falls on the contractor to present
evidence that this cost is disproportionate to the diminution of the property
value. Since St. Clair didn't counter the Stoms' evidence of cost with any
evidence of diminished value, it should pay the entire $7,895.27, argued the
couple.

But St. Clair argued on appeal that it substantially complied with the contract
and should only pay for defects due to unskillful labor, defective materials or
other performance problems. In addition, the Stoms failed to present evidence to
contradict McCarroll's cost testimony, and it would be an "unreasonable economic
waste" to allow the couple to collect the full amount paid for rebuilding the
sun room when they could have repaired it at very little cost, argued St. Clair.

The appellate court's explanation of case law indicates each argument has merit.
But the trial court clearly placed the burden of proving diminished value on the
wrong party and was not required to apply a standard that hasn't been proved,
said the appellate court.

"Both Appellants and Respondent presented evidence of cost of repair, albeit
wildly different sums of $7,895.27 and approximately 20 cents per window.
Neither party presented any evidence on diminished value. Under the Ken Cucchi
Const., Inc. case, the trial court erred in applying the law by improperly
placing the burden of production of evidence as to diminished value on
Appellants and not Respondent after Appellants produced evidence of cost of
repair or replacement. Furthermore, the trial court is not required to apply the
diminished value measure of damages where the contractor does not meet its
burden of production. In such situations, the appellate courts have found that
the cost of repair or replacement is the appropriate damages measure, when
homeowners have produced evidence of such cost of repair or replacement,"
explained Judge Phillip R. Garrison for the unanimous panel.

The Court of Appeals declined to judge the credibility of the evidence presented
by each party and remanded the case for a factual determination of the
appropriate cost of repair or replacement consistent with its opinion.

Nick and Donna Stom, plaintiffs/appellants, vs. St. Clair Corp.,
defendant/respondent; No. 26198; handed down Jan. 26.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires


                              321 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                Boston Standard

                             August 7, 2015 Friday

New book looks at Bargate's history along with the families who ran it

LENGTH: 239  words


The author of a new book on the history of Boston's Bargate area thinks the town
has diminished' since family businesses vanished from the town.

Ralph Ottey, along with Boston auctioneer Dudley Bryant, has published the new
book Memories of Bargate in Boston, Lincolnshire, following the success of his
previous book about the Market Place.

It goes all the way back to the 1800s.

Ralph, 91, spent a number of years of his working life, with businesses all over
Boston and a further number of years after retirement with the Chamber of
Commerce,

He said: "I think when you are my age, you perhaps think mostly of the better
times rather than the bad times, you see things as better than they are - its
not true but it seems to be.

"I think they market place and the state of business in Boston and local
business has certainly diminished since the fall of the family businesses -
which are certainly missing."

He added: "One lament I have about national companies, is not that national
companies don't play a part in the community, but they certainly cannot fill the
void that the local business families used to do."

The book has been sponsored by a number of local businesses. Is will be on sale
at £10 and all proceeds will go local charities and to the upkeep of the
Memorial gardens in Wide Bargate.

Ralph will be launching the book with a signing at Johnson's Garden Centre, on
Wainfleet Road, tomorrow (Saturday) and Sunday from 10am-4pm.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MBSP


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              322 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             July 31, 2008 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

Which candidate has the best position on Iraq? They're both flawed

BYLINE: By Trudy Rubin< Guest Columnist

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 832 words


I can understand why John McCain is ticked off.

Barack Obama visits Iraq and admits things are better there, but he refuses to
credit "the surge."

"Sen. Obama believed the surge would increase violence and would not work," I'm
told by McCain's foreign policy coordinator, Randy Scheunemann, angrily. "The
surge has worked. This is an absolutely critical example of (Obama's) poor
judgment."

So who's the better foreign policy choice - the Arizona senator who hung tough
on Iraq, or the Illinois senator who says we should leave by 2010? Let's examine
Sen. McCain's outlook on Iraq and Afghanistan.

An unwavering supporter of the Iraq war, McCain long called for more U.S. troops
there. Back in 2006-2007 he made a lonely stand in favor of a "surge" of 20,000
forces.

Obama's supporters argue that what turned things around in Iraq was not the
surge, but the decision by Sunni tribal leaders in Anbar province to turn
against al-Qaida.

That is hair-splitting. What turned things around was the counterinsurgency
strategy of Gen. David Petraeus, aided by the surge.

The extra troops helped stabilize violent areas of Baghdad: By establishing a
presence in mixed neighborhoods, they diminished sectarian killing. As Sunni
violence against Shiites diminished, Shiites felt less need for protection from
the thuggish militia of radical cleric Muqtada al-Sadr and turned against him.
This created a virtuous circle.

So McCain is right that extra troops played a key role. But the real shift came
when the White House belatedly adopted the Petraeus strategy after five years of
Iraq disasters.

This counterinsurgency strategy could have been implemented in 2003, when Sunni
tribal leaders were looking to be wooed. (Petraeus was already practicing it as
a commander in Mosul.) It could have been implemented in 2006, when Sunnis were
already desperate to reject al-Qaida. The administration's failure to do so cost
countless U.S. and Iraqi lives.

Despite his criticism of past White House incompetence, McCain can't escape
being linked to botched Bush postwar policy as the putative Republican
candidate. Can the party that made such huge mistakes truly be trusted to do
better under a different leader?

This brings us to the question of a timeline for withdrawing from Iraq.

Obama's 16-month timetable is too rigid; it fails to take into account the
likely bumps along the road to troop withdrawal. However, the pressure of public
opinion - and Obama's stance - got McCain to propose that most U.S. troops could
return home by 2013. Scheunemann assured me this was not a timeline. "The
difference between (McCain's plan) and withdrawing one to two brigades a month
(Obama's plan) couldn't be more stark," he insisted.

He added, however, that any withdrawal date would have to be arrived at by "a
discussion between two sovereign governments, as with the governments of South
Korea, Japan and Germany in Europe." The United States has maintained troops in
the latter countries for decades.

This comparison with East Asia and Europe reveals a basic misunderstanding of
the Middle East by the McCain team. Iraqis remember the longtime British
colonial presence. Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki, in calling for a
timeline similar to Obama's, is playing the nationalist card in advance of
coming elections. Iraq's Shiite majority will be far less receptive to the
humiliations of occupation now that they feel safer. Events seem to be moving
faster than Sen. McCain has grasped.

That unexpected surge of change also applies to Afghanistan.

McCain still insists that the central front in the war on terrorism lies in
Iraq. U.S. intelligence agencies differ. They believe the greatest threat to
America comes from a reconstituted al-Qaida along the border of Afghanistan and
Pakistan.

McCain didn't endorse U.S. commanders' plea for three more U.S. brigades in
Afghanistan until last week, after Obama called for an additional two brigades.

The Arizona senator doesn't seem to comprehend the need for new thinking now
that Iraq is safer and Afghanistan more deadly. He rightly says, "You don't have
to choose to lose in Iraq in order to win in Afghanistan." But you do have to
choose to focus more intensely on the Afghan-Pakistan border to prevent the
al-Qaida cancer from spreading.

Nor does McCain seem to recognize how crucial it will be for Iraq's stability to
conduct a regional dialogue with Iran. McCain is rightly critical of Obama's
premature call for a presidential summit with Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. But he
ignores the bigger point: Direct diplomacy with Iran is essential in order to
stabilize Iraq while pulling American troops out.

So who's more on track? Obama is right on regional strategy, but shaky on how to
implement it. McCain seems out of touch with shifting Mideast realities, and too
linked to Bush visions of reshaping the region. That gives an edge to the
candidate of change.

(The writer is a columnist and editorial board member for The Philadelphia
Inquirer.)

McClatchy-Tribune Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: guest column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              323 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            July 23, 2008 Wednesday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Worldview: Both candidates' Iraq positions are flawed

BYLINE: By Trudy Rubin; Inquirer Columnist

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Inq Columnists; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 837 words


I can understand why John McCain is POd.

Barack Obama visits Iraq and admits things are better there, but he refuses to
credit "the surge."

"Sen. Obama believed the surge would increase violence and would not work," I'm
told by McCain's foreign policy coordinator, Randy Scheunemann, angrily. "The
surge has worked. This is an absolutely critical example of [Obama's] poor
judgment."

So who's the better foreign policy choice - the Arizona senator who hung tough
on Iraq, or the Illinois senator who says we should leave by 2010? Let's examine
Sen. McCain's outlook on Iraq and Afghanistan.

An unwavering supporter of the Iraq war, McCain long called for more U.S. troops
there. Back in 2006-2007 he made a lonely stand in favor of a "surge" of 20,000
forces.

Obama's supporters argue that what turned things around in Iraq was not the
surge, but the decision by Sunni tribal leaders in Anbar province to turn
against al-Qaeda.

That is hair-splitting. What turned things around was the counterinsurgency
strategy of Gen. David Petraeus, aided by the surge.

The extra troops helped stabilize violent areas of Baghdad: By establishing a
presence in mixed neighborhoods, they diminished sectarian killing. As Sunni
violence against Shiites diminished, Shiites felt less need for protection from
the thuggish militia of radical cleric Muqtada al-Sadr and turned against him.
This created a virtuous circle.

So McCain is right that extra troops played a key role. But the real shift came
when the White House belatedly adopted the Petraeus strategy after five years of
Iraq disasters.

This counterinsurgency strategy could have been implemented in 2003, when Sunni
tribal leaders were looking to be wooed. (Petraeus was already practicing it as
a commander in Mosul.) It could have been implemented in 2006, when Sunnis were
already desperate to reject al-Qaeda. The administration's failure to do so cost
countless U.S. and Iraqi lives.

Despite his criticism of past White House incompetence, McCain can't escape
being linked to botched Bush postwar policy as the putative Republican
candidate. Can the party that made such huge mistakes truly be trusted to do
better under a different leader?

This brings us to the question of a timeline for withdrawing from Iraq.

Obama's 16-month timetable is too rigid; it fails to take into account the
likely bumps along the road to troop withdrawal. However, the pressure of public
opinion - and Obama's stance - got McCain to propose that most U.S. troops could
return home by 2013. Scheunemann assured me this was not a timeline. "The
difference between [McCain's plan] and withdrawing one to two brigades a month
[Obama's plan] couldn't be more stark," he insisted.

He added, however, that any withdrawal date would have to be arrived at by "a
discussion between two sovereign governments, as with the governments of South
Korea, Japan and Germany in Europe." The United States has maintained troops in
the latter countries for decades.

This comparison with East Asia and Europe reveals a basic misunderstanding of
the Middle East by the McCain team. Iraqis remember the longtime British
colonial presence. Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki, in calling for a
timeline similar to Obama's, is playing the nationalist card in advance of
coming elections. Iraq's Shiite majority will be far less receptive to the
humiliations of occupation now that they feel safer. Events seem to be moving
faster than Sen. McCain has grasped.

That unexpected surge of change also applies to Afghanistan.

McCain still insists that the central front in the war on terrorism lies in
Iraq. U.S. intelligence agencies differ. They believe the greatest threat to
America comes from a reconstituted al-Qaeda along the border of Afghanistan and
Pakistan.

McCain didn't endorse U.S. commanders' plea for three more U.S. brigades in
Afghanistan until last week, after Obama called for an additional two brigades.

The Arizona senator doesn't seem to comprehend the need for new thinking now
that Iraq is safer and Afghanistan more deadly. He rightly says, "You don't have
to choose to lose in Iraq in order to win in Afghanistan." But you do have to
choose to focus more intensely on the Afghan-Pakistan border to prevent the
al-Qaeda cancer from spreading.

Nor does McCain seem to recognize how crucial it will be for Iraq's stability to
conduct a regional dialogue with Iran. McCain is rightly critical of Obama's
premature call for a presidential summit with Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. But he
ignores the bigger point: Direct diplomacy with Iran is essential in order to
stabilize Iraq while pulling American troops out.

So who's more on track? Obama is right on regional strategy, but shaky on how to
implement it. McCain seems out of touch with shifting Mideast realities, and too
linked to Bush visions of reshaping the region. That gives an edge to the
candidate of change.

Contact columnist Trudy Rubin at 215-854-5823

or trubin@phillynews.com. Read her recent work at
http://go.philly.com/trudyrubin.


LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              324 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Valley Morning Star (Harlingen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 8, 2008 Tuesday

BRIEF: WEATHER UPDATE: Heaviest rain moves north of Valley

BYLINE: Valley Morning Star, Harlingen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 179 words


Jul. 8--HARLINGEN -- The National Weather Service reported that today's heaviest
rains have diminished and moved north of the Rio Grande Valley.The NWS said in
its 5 p.m. advisory that heaviest rainfall was over Jim Hogg and Kenedy
counties, indicating a shift east and north of the Valley.The weather service
also indicated that rainfall rates had diminished from as much as 2 inches an
hour to a fraction of that.Monday's heavy rains had brought street flooding to
San Benito and Harlingen, and snarled Expressway 83 traffic from Weslaco to
Harlingen.Further weather updates will be posted to valleystar.com as they
become available.-30-PB

To see more of the Valley Morning Star, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.valleystar.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Valley Morning Star, Harlingen,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080708-HR-BRF-WEATHER-UPDATE-Heaviest-rain-moves-north-of-Valley-0708

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HR


                       Copyright 2008 Valley Morning Star


                              325 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                             July 29, 2008 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Former NBA ref Donaghy awaits sentencing

BYLINE: Anthony M. Destefano, New York Newsday

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 453  words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK -- Former professional basketball referee Timothy Donaghy is a
"pathological" gambler whose betting activity was so out of control that he
would place $500 wagers on winning holes when he played golf, said a gambling
addiction counselor.

"In short, he could not stop himself from gambling," treatment counselor Stephen
Block said in a statement filed in federal court in Brooklyn.

Donaghy, 42, is to be sentenced today by Judge Carol Amon. Defence attorney John
Lauro filed Block's assessment in an effort to argue that his client should get
a sentence much less than the 33 months called for by sentencing guidelines
because Donaghy had diminished capacity when he committed various gambling
crimes.

"I have concluded that Mr. Donaghy is a pathological gambler and that his
illness was the genesis of the illegal conduct in this case," Block said.

In June, prosecutors filed papers saying they didn't think compulsive gambling
diminished Donaghy's capacity.

In August 2007, Donaghy, who quit his NBA job in July 2007 and has since been
divorced, pleaded guilty to charges of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and
conspiracy to transmit wagering information.

Prosecutors said that from 2003 to 2007, Donaghy provided betting
recommendations on NBA games -- including some he officiated in -- to friend
Jack Concannon. The scheme with Concannon, who wasn't charged, netted Donaghy up
to $30,000 a year, investigators said.

In late 2006, Donaghy started dealing with high school friends Thomas Martino
and John Battista, both 41. The gamblers took recommendations from Donaghy, who
had inside information about the condition of players, to place bets that netted
the referee $2,000 a game if the gamblers won, according to prosecutors.

Donaghy pleaded guilty only to conspiring with Battista and Martino. Amon last
week sentenced Battista to 15 months in prison and Martino one year and one day.

Like many compulsive gamblers, Donaghy didn't gamble for financial reasons but
rather to feed his addiction, said Block, who added that gambling didn't affect
Donaghy's ability to referee.

"This is why gambling addiction is often referred to as a hidden disease,"'
noted Block, who said he is now treating gamblers at the SAFE Foundation in
Brooklyn.

Block reported that Donaghy related in interviews how he bet $500 a hole when he
went golfing, played cards at a country club and blackjack at casinos to feed
his compulsion.

"The NBA has rules about referees gambling, even though many referees apparently
do so," Block said.

In May, prosecutor Jeffrey Goldberg filed a letter with Amon asking that Donaghy
be given a break at sentencing because he gave "significant" help to
investigators so they could nab Martino and Battista.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Donaghy ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              326 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 16, 2014 Friday

New York: Bellone Announces Funds to Study Developing Decentralized Wastewater
Treatment in Orient Point

LENGTH: 577  words

DATELINE: Albany


Suffolk County Government, The State of New York has issued the following news
release:

County Executive Steve Bellone,  Legislator Al Krupski and the Suffolk County
Legislature  announced the appropriation of $60,050 to develop an engineering
report for the potential development of Suffolk County's first ever wastewater
treatment solution for existing neighborhoods.  The project would target seven
districts within the Orient Point community, potentially impacting 572 homes,
resulting in a significant decrease of nitrogen pollution by 50% to 90.  The
project is part of the Reclaim Our Water initiative, a comprehensive plan
presented by County Executive Steve Bellone to reduce nitrogen pollution in
Suffolk's ground and surface waters.

"Nitrogen pollution is the greatest environmental challenge that we face in
Suffolk County," said County Executive Steve Bellone.  "My administration's top
priority remains to improve and protect the quality of Suffolk County's water.
This funding is a concrete step in the direction of developing advance waste
water treatment solutions to for existing communities."

New York State's Department of Environmental Conservation May 2014 report
confirms that unhealthy levels of nitrogen in our water leads to dangerous
decreases in coastal defenses against damage from storms; diminished wildlife
habitats and populations; negative trends in drinking water and diminished land
values.

"I am pleased to have co-sponsored this legislation with the County Executive to
take the next steps in establishing Suffolk County's first decentralized waste
water treatment system for existing neighborhoods," said Legislator Al Krupski
who represents Legislative District 1.  "The destructive nitrogen pollution
affects all Suffolk County residents.  From the South shore to the North shore,
we all need to do our part."

According to Suffolk County's Department of Economic Development and Planning,
the two estuaries that surround Orient Point, the Peconic Estuary and the LI
Sound Estuary, are each major shellfish propagation and harvesting areas.
Shellfish naturally filter the water column and remove nitrogen pollution from
the water.  Excess nitrogen pollution in the Orient Point area has caused
shellfish closures of three areas, two seasonal and one permanent.

Peconic Green Growth, an environmental organization dedicated to the
preservation and enhancement of natural resources, has developed a three-pronged
approach toward educating the public on the benefits of decentralized cluster
and single wastewater treatment solutions for existing communities.

First, the organization conducted more than 550 surveys to assess public opinion
on decentralized wastewater treatment issues.  Second, the group created a
series of maps to determine where the decentralized wastewater units would have
maximum impact on nitrogen reduction.  Third, was to advocate and develop
management solutions for the potential funding necessary to develop a
comprehensive engineering report.

"Peconic Green Growth is pleased to partner with Suffolk County and appreciates
the leadership County Executive Bellone has shown on this difficult issue
critical to Suffolk County's future," said Glynis Berry, Executive Director of
Peconic Green Growth.  "Clean water is not only a valuable resource, but defines
our community character."

For further information please visit: http://www.suffolkcountyny.gov/

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              327 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              May 2, 2009 Saturday

CONGRESS CALLS OUT THE BCS

BYLINE: LENN ROBBINS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 51

LENGTH: 583 words


Another day, another lame excuse offered up by the overseers of the BCS as to
why there shouldn't be a playoff system, or anything better than the current
system.

John Swofford, coordinator of the Bowl Championship Series, told a Congressional
hearing yesterday that a switch to a playoff would be a detriment to the bowl
games that have for years been the financial life-blood of college football.

Other excuses offered up in recent years have included:

* The college presidents' opposition for college football to become a
two-semester sport by playing into mid-January.

* The bowl executives' fear their games will be diminished.

* The conference commissioners' concerns that the regular season will be
devalued.

And there are concerns about the costs to fans that will have to travel to as
many as three "playoff" games, and fears of a greater risk of injury to players.
Taken as a whole, the reasons seem overwhelming. Right?

"We're not talking about invading Normandy," Penn State coach Joe Paterno said
Thursday at The Plaza Hotel before attending a fundraiser. "We're talking about
some alignments that could happen very quickly."

Paterno has long been a proponent of a playoff system, largely because until
Penn State joined the Big Ten in the early-'90s, it was an outsider. The Nittany
Lions went undefeated in 1969 and 1994 but didn't win the national championship
- snubs that burn Paterno to this day.

All of the reasons cited by playoff opponents have some legitimacy until placed
under a microscope. The presidents turn a blind eye to the money-making NCAA
basketball tournament, which pulls student-athletes out of classes for a month.

Some bowl games will be affected, but there are too many (34) already. Many of
the minor bowls are played before small crowds. And anyone who has attended an
Ohio State-Michigan game, or a Pittsburgh-West Virginia game, or any SEC game
will tell you the regular season won't be diminished by a playoff.

Of course, there is this glaring fact that BCS proponents can't block: Big-time
college football is the only NCAA sport not decided on the field.

"It's like communism," Rep. Joe Barton (R-Texas) said at the House Energy and
Commerce Committee's commerce, trade and consumer protection subcommittee
hearing, the Associated Press reported. "You can't fix it."

Under the BCS, the ACC, Big East, Big 12, Big Ten, Pac10 and SEC get automatic
bids to participate while other conferences do not.

"How is this fair?" asked the subcommittee chairman, Rep. Bobby Rush (D-Ill.).
"How can we justify this system ... are the big guys getting together and
shutting out the little guys?"

"I think it is fair, because it represents the marketplace," Swofford responded.

Gene Bleymaier, athletic director at Boise State, noted that his school's
football team went undefeated several times, yet never got a chance to play for
the national championship under the BCS.

Asked by Rush whether Congress should intervene, Bleymaier responded, "The only
way this is going to change is with help from the outside."

Barton, who quipped the BCS should drop the 'C' from its name, has introduced
legislation that would prevent the NCAA from labeling a game a national
championship unless it's the outcome of a playoff system. He warned the bill was
ready to move forward if the BCS just tinkered with its format.

"Call it the 'BS' system," he said to laughter.

"Any time Congress speaks, you take it seriously," Swofford told reporters after
the hearing.

- With AP

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              328 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Reboot Illinois

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 8, 2014 Tuesday

Making a statement: These Illinois legislators are opting out of their pension
plans

BYLINE: Kevin Hoffman, Reboot Illinois

SECTION: NATIONAL POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 553 words


July 08--While the pension reform law passed last December is held up in a
Sangamon County court, a recent Illinois Supreme Court decision struck down an
attempt to force government retirees to pay more for their subsidized state
health insurance.

This ruling could have a major impact on the future of Illinois pension reform,
the fate of which likely won't be decided until next year.

In a Reboot Illinois op-ed this week, Capitol Fax's Rich Miller noted:

"The Court, led by Justice Charles Freeman, did not specifically rule on the
pension reform law, but declared 'it is clear' that all pension benefits,
including health insurance, cannot be, as the Illinois Constitution mandates, '
diminished or impaired,' which the ruling called the 'plain and ordinary'"
meaning of the state's Constitution."

The pension protection clause in Article 13, Section 5 is at the heart of the
problem and the underlying reason why it will be a difficult task to implement
any meaningful pension reform.

"Membership in any pension or retirement system of the State, any unit of local
government or school district, or any agency or instrumentality thereof, shall
be an enforceable contractual relationship, the benefits of which shall not be
diminished or impaired."

However, some state senators and representatives hoping to make a clear
statement have opted out of the General Assembly Retirement System (GARS), the
pension fund for the state's legislators.

Here's the current list of both Republicans and Democrats who've decided not to
participate.

GARS -- Legislators Not Participating:

State Rep. John Anthony (R-Plainfield)

State Rep. Kelly Burke (D-Evergreen Park)

State Sen. Melinda Bush (D-Grayslake)

State Rep. John Cabello (R-Machesney Park)

State Rep. Katherine Cloonen (D-Kankakee)

State Sen. Thomas Cullerton (D-Villa Park)

State Rep. C.D. Davidsmeyer (R-Jacksonville)

State Rep. Scott Drury (D-Highwood)

State Rep. Brad Halbrook (R-Charleston)

State Rep. Josh Harms (R-Watseka)

State Rep. Jeanne Ives (R-Wheaton)

State Rep. Dwight Kay (R-Glen Carbon)

State Rep. Stephanie Kifowit (D-Oswego)

State Sen. David Luechtefeld (R-Okawville)

State Sen. Andy Manar (D-Bunker Hill)

State Sen. Karen McConnaughay (R-Aurora)

State Rep. David McSweeney (R-Cary)

State Rep. Anna Moeller (D-Elgin)

State Sen. Julie Morrison (D-Deerfield)

State Rep. Tom Morrison (R-Palatine)

State Rep. Marty Moylan (D-Des Plaines)

State Sen. Jim Oberweis (R-North Aurora)

State Rep. Ron Sandack (R-Downers Grove)

State Rep. Sue Scherer (D-Decatur)

State Rep. Silvana Tabares (D-Chicago)

State Rep. Kathleen Willis (D-Addison)

Do you think these lawmakers are doing the right thing, regardless the outcome
of Illinois pension reform?

Kevin Hoffman is a Reboot Illinois staff writer who graduated from the
University of Iowa with a degree in journalism, political science and
international studies. He believes keeping citizens informed and politicians in
check is the best way to improve Illinois and bring about common sense reform.
Follow us on Facebook.

Reboot Illinois is a nonpartisan website and social media effort dedicated to
involving Illinoisans in the key issues facing our state, including state debt,
corruption and waste and improving business and schools.

___ (c)2014 Reboot Illinois Visit Reboot Illinois at www.rebootillinois.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140708-2IL-Making-a-statement-These-Illinois-legislators-are-opting-out-of-the
ir-pension-plans-0708-20140708

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 2IL


                                 Copyright 2014


                              329 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            November 15, 2013 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

FBI chief sees online attacks emerging as a top security threat

BYLINE: Greg Miller

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 772 words


FBI Director James B. Comey testified Thursday that the risk of cyberattacks is
likely to exceed the danger posed by al-Qaeda and other terrorist networks as
the top national security threat to the United States and will become the
dominant focus of law enforcement and intelligence services.

Appearing before the Senate Homeland Security Committee, Comey said he expected
Internet-related attacks, espionage and theft to emerge as the most consuming
security issue for the United States by the end of his 10-year FBI term.

"We have connected all of our lives - personal, professional and national - to
the Internet," Comey said. "That's where the bad guys will go because that's
where our lives are, our money, our secrets."

The warning underscored the growing sense of alarm among officials in Washington
over the nation's vulnerability to online attacks as well as the diminished
ability of al-Qaeda to mount plots against the United States after more than a
decade of CIA drone strikes and other counterterrorism operations.

Comey was among three of the nation's top security officials to testify Thursday
that the risk of a major terrorist attack in the United States is seen as lower
now than at any time since before the strikes on Sept. 11, 2001.

The threat has diminished overall but "is more dispersed geographically" because
of al-Qaeda's ability to gain footholds in Syria, North Africa, Yemen and
elsewhere, said Matthew G. Olsen, director of the National Counterterrorism
Center. As a result, Olsen said, the terrorism risk "has become more significant
from a geographic perspective and more complicated from an intelligence
perspective."

The officials cited a spate of seemingly unrelated attacks over the past 14
months that were linked to al-Qaeda or aligned groups but not orchestrated by
its leadership core in Pakistan. Among them were the mass shooting at a shopping
mall in Kenya, the seizure of a petroleum plant in Algeria and the assault on
U.S. compounds in Benghazi, Libya.

In Syria, Olsen said, the intelligence picture for U.S. counterterrorism
officials has been clouded further by a "blurring of the line" between
terrorist, insurgent and criminal groups that have collaborated to varying
degrees in that country's civil war.

Rand Beers, the acting homeland security secretary, said his agency is working
with European allies to identify and track militants from Western nations who
may travel to Syria and then seek to return.

Despite that potential danger, officials said that the main terrorist threat
inside the United States is that U.S. citizens or residents could adopt militant
ideologies and develop plans for domestic attacks without communicating with
terrorist networks or traveling overseas.

Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, ethnic Chechen brothers accused of carrying out
the bombings at the Boston Marathon this year, had "no formal or direct ties to
al-Qaeda" but had embraced aspects of the terrorist group's ideology, Olsen
said. He added that cooperation with Russian intelligence services has improved
since the Boston attacks.

The officials said counterterrorism efforts had been damaged by leaks of U.S.
intelligence operations by former National Security Agency contractor Edward
Snowden, and they warned of the impact of the budget cuts known as
sequestration. Comey said the FBI is in the process of eliminating 3,500
positions because of budget pressures.

Despite concern about "homegrown extremists," Comey said that he had concluded
after just two months on the job that cyberthreats are likely to be more
worrisome in the long term.

"That is why we anticipate that in the future, resources devoted to cyber-based
threats will equal or even eclipse the resources devoted to non-cyber-based
terrorist threats," Comey said.

On a separate issue, Comey said he had no objection to congressional testimony
by survivors of the Sept. 11, 2012, attack in Benghazi.

The Justice and State departments have resisted congressional requests for
testimony by Diplomatic Security officials who were present at the attack,
saying that their appearance could compromise possible future prosecution of the
perpetrators.

Under subpoena, two DS agents provided sworn depositions last month to the House
Oversight and Government Reform Committee. The majority of U.S. personnel
present that night were from the CIA, assigned to an intelligence annex near the
diplomatic site. Among a total complement of two to three dozen State
Department, CIA and contractor personnel at the two locations, four were killed
in the attacks, including the U.S. ambassador to Libya, J. Christopher Stevens.

millergreg@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              330 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                            Birmingham Evening Mail

                              May 4, 1999, Tuesday

ISRAELI GETS 20 YEARS FOR KILLING BRIT

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 269 words


A FORMER Israeli paratrooper who says he was traumatised by service in an army
hit squad in the 1970s has been sentenced to 20 years in prison for killing a
British tourist and wounding the victim's girlfriend.

Three district court judges in the Negev Desert town of Beersheba disagreed over
the length of the sentence, proposing 14, 20 and 23 years respectively, before
settling on the 20-year term for Daniel Okev, said defence lawyer David Yiftach.

Mr Yiftach said that he would appeal the sentence to the Supreme Court.

Okev (45) was convicted last month of killing British tourist Jeffrey Hunter,
known as Max, and wounding Charlotte Gibb in August 1997.

Okev had given the two a lift near the Red Sea resort of Eilat, stopped the car
for a roadside rest stop, pulled out a pistol and fired at the two.

The judges ruled that the defendant suffered from "diminished mental capacity"
and thus bore diminished responsibility for his crime.

Murder

Okev has claimed that he was traumatised and suffered flashbacks from his work
in a special army unit tracking and killing suspected Palestinian militants in
the Gaza Strip in the 1970s.

Prosecutors had asked for a life sentence, the usual penalty for murder.

However, in the case of diminished responsibility, the judges are empowered to
impose a reduced sentence.

"I am happy he didn't get life," Mr Yiftach said.

"But Okev has an organic brain dysfunction and a post-traumatic problem, the
right sentence should be 14 years."

With the usual time off for good behaviour, Okev could be free in 2010, his
lawyer said.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: VICTIMS: Max Hunter, 22, who was killed and his girlfriend Charlotte
Gibb, aged; 20, who was injured KILLER: Daniel Okev

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 1999 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                              331 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                             April 19, 2016 Tuesday

Does age of smartphone also mean loss of privacy?

LENGTH: 447  words

DATELINE: Washington D.C.


Washington D.C., April 19 -- A new study has highlighted as to how smartphone
technology is leading to diminished privacy.
 The Tel Aviv University study argues that "dynamic visibility," in which
technological surveillance is combined with personal information volunteered by
individuals online, has led to diminished overall privacy.


 "Technology is not only used top-down but also bottom-up, with individuals
using their own technological devices to share and enhance their visibility in
space," said co-author Dr. Tali Hatuka, adding "Whenever we use 'location-aware'
devices, or tap on Waze or dating apps, like Tinder, or check-in on Facebook, we
are really diminishing our own privacy."
 "This combination of secret surveillance and voluntary sharing contributes to a
sense of 'being exposed' in a public space that normalizes practices of sharing
personal data by individuals," Dr. Hatuka continued. "The result is diminished
overall privacy."
 A survey conducted in 2013 by Google and Ipsos MediaCT in dozens of countries
found that the Israeli population had the world's highest smartphone saturation
and some of the highest rates of mobile internet usage and mobile email usage.
The new study found some differences among sharing preferences in different
types of spaces, but these paled in comparison to the overwhelming willingness
of participants to share their locations with their social networks.
 The researchers developed an Android application called Smart-Spaces to collect
information for the study. The app combines smartphone-based surveys with the
online tracking of locations and phone application usage. The Smart-Spaces
application was installed for 20 days on the phones of TAU students, who
answered context-based surveys in the course of their daily routines. Each
participant was interviewed before and after the installation of Smart-Spaces.
 "More than 73 percent of the participants shared their locations as they
answered the surveys," said Dr. Hatuka. "Moreover, there was a correlation
between the kind of space they were in, private home, library, street, square
etc. and their willingness to provide information, with a higher willingness to
share location and other information when the subject was in public spaces."
 The results were analysed according to different activities, locations and
number of people present at the time.
 "While the sample is not representative of the general population, our results
can be considered predictors for future phenomena," Dr. Hatuka observed.
"Students are early adopters of smartphone technology, and their practices may
predict those of the more general population."
 The study is published in Urban Studies.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              332 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                           January 10, 2013 Thursday

Trapping making a comeback

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 605 words


Trapping making a comeback

Forty years ago or so, Central Illinois was a hotbed for pheasant, quail and
rabbit hunters. There were very few whitetail deer and no turkeys. Farming
practices allowed for corn stalk stubble and set aside ground, fence rows were
prevalent, and the timber was filled with multi-floral rose and underbrush.

Today, cover has diminished because of advanced farming methods, hedge rows are
fewer and coyotes and hawks abound. Roosting birds such as turkeys have taken a
larger foothold over ground cover cousins such as pheasant and quail. Rabbit
populations have diminished too, largely from predators and less cover.

Deer populations have swollen to where some look at them as nuisances. Goose
populations continue to rise and more are staying year-round. The ecosystem
dictates what animals we share our area with and with urban sprawl continuing,
more changes are on the horizon.

The art of trapping has been around since the pioneers headed west, but as
prices for fur diminished so did those who pursued them. In recent years it has
gained a new life with a resurgence in prices for fur. The IDNR wants more young
people to get involved. Several outdoors and trapping groups have been organized
and are gaining momentum.

Some trap for fur only, but others trap to eliminate nuisance animals. I
remember men in the Hudson and Colfax areas such as Stanley Systo Sr., Stanley
Systo Jr., Paul "Ed" Kelley, Byron Dungey and others who trapped mink, muskrat,
beaver, coyote, raccoon and fox. Even when most of us never saw those animals,
they knew where they lived and how to catch them.

Local fishing guide Jerry Martoglio still traps too. He started trapping in the
1960s with Tommy Kaufman of Danvers. He did it to stay outdoors and in tune with
nature and for fishing gear and gas money, but now traps to help farmers and
lake owners with nuisance animals.

"Trapping is hard work and setting and managing the traps take time," said
Martoglio. "You have to be very observant and watch where the animal comes from
as well as where it is going to be successful."

You have to check every trap every day and it's best to have a buddy along
because you are around water and slick surfaces. Beginning trappers must have a
permit and need to enroll in an IDNR trapping class. It also is good to study
the animals in the summer and to ask for permission to trap in the summer as
well.

This gives the trapper and landowner time to become acquainted and work
together. Follow good etiquette on the landowner's property, never leave trash
or push down a fence. Park where the landowner asks you to park and talk to a
veteran trapper about laws and traps for each animal.

BASS University

The BASS University will be at the Schaumburg Convention Center on Jan. 25-26
with pros Shaw Grigsby, Mike Iaconelli, Bernie Schultz, Pete Gluszek, Brandon
Palaniuk and Mike McClelland heading the training sessions. You can sign up at
www.thebassuniversity.com.

Fish and Feather Expo

The Illinois Fish and Feather Expo will be Jan. 25, 26 and 27 at the Interstate
Center. It will include more than 120 booths, boat dealers, the annual fish fry
and hourly drawings for prizes. Seminars by local guides and multi-species
experts Jerry Martoglio and Steve Welch, and noted Hook and Hunt TV owner and
outdoorsman Jim Crowley will highlight the show.

Tackle Swap date set

Terry Brown is the President of Wired2Fish.com, an industry leading, daily
website and social media fishing-centered community that provides the
information on products, industry newsmakers and fishing techniques. You can
read more by going to www.Wired2Fish.com

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Pantagraph


                              333 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 28, 1990, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

BOOKS & BUSINESS;
Economics 101

BYLINE: By Peter Passell; Peter Passell writes about economics for The New York
Times.

SECTION: Section 7; Page 26; Column 3; Book Review Desk

LENGTH: 725 words



THE AGE OF DIMINISHED EXPECTATIONS
U.S. Economic Policy
in the 1990s.
By Paul Krugman.
204 pp. Cambridge, Mass.:
The MIT Press.
$17.95.

IN the introduction to this slim volume, Paul Krugman, a professor at the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology, divides economics prose into three
categories: "Greek letter, up-and-down, and airport." The first, "formal,
theoretical, mathematical," is for dedicated members of the cult only. The
second, up-and-down economics (as in pork bellies are up, sterling is down),
"has a reputation for being stupefyingly boring, a reputation that is almost
entirely justified." The third, the gloom-or-boom prose endemic to the sort of
economics books found next to the latest Tom Clancy on airport newsstands, "is
usually fun, rarely well-informed and never serious."

As one might guess, Mr. Krugman's writing in "The Age of Diminished
Expectations" fits none of the above. He is the rare professional economist who
knows how to explain the essence of policy issues to a nonprofessional audience,
and he manages it without a hint of condescension. "The Age of Diminished
Expectations" is a remarkable achievement; a painless quick read that tells you
much of what there is to know about the great economic issues of the day.

Mr. Krugman's central thesis is as simple as it is depressing: The American
economy isn't doing very well, and no one is likely to fix what ails it any time
soon. This country's biggest economic problem, and, arguably, the economy's only
fundamental problem, is slow growth in productivity. Unless output per person
grows, personal income can't grow very much. And without rising incomes, there
will be no way for individuals to make better lives for themselves and no room
in their hearts to make life better for others.

But productivity is not an issue that Washington cozies up to, Mr. Krugman
notes, and for good reason. No one has a sure-fire way to get out of the
productivity slump because no one knows how we got into it. The few things that
just might make a big difference, such as a larger investment in intellectual
and physical capital, would require sacrifice. And no politician worthy of his
media consultant is ready to ask Americans to suffer in the name of an
abstraction.

Mr. Krugman may be too pessimistic. It is certainly true that no President has
lost points in recent decades by underestimating Americans' willingness to delay
gratification. But it is also true that the one President who tried to sell
sacrifice, Jimmy Carter, made it sound like an end in itself. The real problem
may be that American politics no longer attracts serious characters with serious
ideas. If and when we do get a leader with the vision thing, the public might
well get the picture.

But you don't have to buy into Mr. Krugman's pessimism to recognize the value of
his book. Each chapter is a bite-sized brief on a big issue, artfully
compressing a remarkable amount of sophisticated economics. And in some cases,
his analysis may even surprise those people who stay on top of the economic
news.

Mr. Krugman argues, for example, that the real cost to American banks of writing
off third world debts would be a tiny fraction of the $400 billion the deadbeats
actually owe. Forgiving, say, half of the debt might actually prove costless
because partial relief would sharply increase the value of the debt that
remained.

He also offers an unusual take on the debate over whether the wave of corporate
restructuring of the 1980's made American enterprise more efficient or simply
transferred income from workers to investment bankers bearing spread sheets. Mr.
Krugman thinks both forces were at work. Restructuring was immensely costly to
the heavily unionized blue-collar elite, but it also allowed Rust Belt
industries to adjust rapidly and efficiently to increased international
competition.

The only time Mr. Krugman seems to stumble is when he takes on the question of
what Japan's looming economic presence means for Americans. He serves up all the
right arguments, but can't quite bring himself to the logical conclusion:
Japan's failure to play by the rules has had little impact on America's economic
prospects.

But this is a minor blemish. It is hard to think of another work of popular
economics that asks so little of readers, yet delivers so much.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 1990

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1990 The New York Times Company


                              334 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                              July 13, 2015 Monday

Chicago Pension Arguments Aired

BYLINE: Yvette Shields

SECTION: REGIONAL NEWS Vol. 1 No. 34341

LENGTH: 1147  words


CHICAGO - Chicago defended in court the 2014 legislation to overhaul its
municipal and laborers' pension funds, arguing that it rescues the funds from
near certain insolvency.

Union and fund members challenging the changes countered that those arguments
are moot when held up against the state constitution's pension clause. The
doctrine protects member benefits from being diminished and cost-of-living
adjustment cuts diminish annuities.

Chicago's top attorney Stephen Patton and private attorneys for multiple unions
and fund participants argued over those positions for two-and-a-half hours
Thursday before Cook County Circuit Court Judge Rita Novak. The judge said she
would rule on the case July 24. A direct appeal to the Illinois Supreme Court is
certain.

At the heart of the case is the state constitution's pension clause that reads:
"Membership in any pension or retirement system of the state, any unit of local
government or school district, or any agency or instrumentality thereof, shall
be an enforceable contractual relationship, the benefits of which shall not be
diminished or impaired."

Patton said to prove their case, the plaintiffs must show that the changes
indeed damage pension benefits applied under the pension code. "This, they
cannot do," Patton told Novak. The legislation "preserves and protects them" by
"rescuing" them from future bankruptcy and fully funding them in 40 years.

The union and fund members argued that the clause's language is plain as day and
was reinforced by the Illinois Supreme Court's May 8 decision voiding as
unconstitutional the 2013 overhaul of four of the state's five pension funds.

The justices rejected the state's primary argument that it was authorized to
make the benefit cuts to deal with its fiscal crisis under its sovereign powers
granted by the state and federal constitutions. The city subsequently dropped it
use of that argument.

"The Supreme Court has spoken," said plaintiffs' attorney Michael Freeborn. "The
fact is "there is going to be some pension diminishment. They [members] have a
constitutionally protected right to their benefits."

Many of Novak's questions centered on how the city's pension overhaul and legal
arguments differ from the state's 2013 reform package and Illinois' legal
position, as well as how city pension recipients benefit from the changes.

The city outlined how the state funds were already on a funding schedule with an
ending goal of near full funding in the ensuing decades. The state's changes
were aimed at curbing rising growth in its contributions to stabilize the system
burdened with $111 billion of unfunded obligations. It achieved that through
benefit cuts and higher employee contributions.

The city contributions are governed by state statutes that set a formula tied to
a percentage of employee contributions. It has long fallen short of an
actuarially required level, putting the funds on course to exhaust assets in the
next decade. The city plan stabilizes its funds by hiking its own contributions,
employee contributions, and benefit cuts.

The city legislation also added language making clear it is on-the-hook to
ensure the system is funded and annuities paid. The city contends the prior
language holds only the funds' themselves responsible for paying annuitants. The
state, in contrast, was already on the hook for its funds prior to its attempted
pension overhaul.

The city argues those new provisions provide consideration for the cuts, a legal
theory in contract law that allows for detrimental changes to be made in
exchange for some perk if parties agree.

The city has long touted that 28 of 31 impacted unions signed off on the plan
and it recently added that contention as a legal argument - that the changes
represent a collectively bargained-for exchange reached after months of
negotiations. The city said this spring in an investor presentation it was a
factor that officials hoped would win the judge's favor but was not a legal
argument.

What is the "consideration" for fund members, Novak asked the city.

Patton said prior to the overhaul, the members were "out of luck" if the funds
exhausted assets whereas the city is now the obligor. The city also will bolster
funding, including about $100 million next year as it ramps up to an ARC.
"That's a new, substantial benefit for consideration," Patton said of the
changes.

The idea of consideration has picked steam as a possible means to get around the
pension clause based on a footnote in the Illinois Supreme Court's opinion that
suggested the court might look favorably on such an argument.

The plaintiffs dismiss the city's arguments, countering that that Chicago could
save the funds from insolvency by putting more money into them under their home
rule powers and they contend prior court rulings make clear the city would be
held accountable for annuitant payments.

Freeborn chastised the city for so late in the game turning to the consideration
argument and attacked the city's notion that its informal agreement with most
unions represents a truly negotiated deal under the consideration theory since
rank-and-file did not agree and retirees are not represented by the unions.
"There was simply no authority to bind" all union members to "waive their
rights," Freeborn said.

Another attorney for the plaintiffs, Clint Krislov, labeled the city's preserve
and protect contention a "Chicken Little defense" warning that the "sky is
falling" in the absence of the legislation. "It diminishes benefits. It violates
the constitution," Krislov said of the law.

The Illinois Attorney General's office and lawyers for both funds testified in
favor of the city legislation's legality. The guarantee on the city's part of
ARC funding is a "game changer" as it is now makes it a "benefit of membership,"
said Laborers' fund attorney John Kennedy.

Rating agencies and investors are watching closely, because the overhaul of the
two funds is a central piece of the city's efforts to solve a pension dilemma
that has dragged its rating from Moody's Investors Service down to junk and
contributed to multi-notch downgrades from Fitch Ratings and Standard & Poor's.

"If the pension reform changes"are struck down, the city would likely revert to
the lower, statutorily based payments. Under this scenario, the related
liability could be expected to continue to rise and the rating would likely be
downgraded," Fitch warned in a new review of the city's rating.

The overhaul won state legislative approval last year and was signed into law by
former Gov. Pat Quinn and took effect Jan. 1. The unfunded liabilities of the
two funds represent about half of the city's overall $20 billion tab. Its four
funds are collectively funded at 34%. The legislation gives unions the right to
sue should the city fall short of its required contribution levels and calls for
the diversion of city grants from the state to the funds.

Â

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              335 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 13, 2014 Thursday

Ohio: Concert: The Jazz Heritage Orchestra

LENGTH: 615  words

DATELINE: Columbus


Oberlin Collage, The State of Ohio has issued the following Event release:

Concert: The Jazz Heritage Orchestra
Friday, November 14 at 9:30pm to 11:00pm
Clonick Hall, Bertram and Judith Kohl Building 77 West College Street, Oberlin,
OH 44074

The Jazz Heritage Orchestra is a professional 17-piece not-for-profit
performance/education aggregation which is officially in residence in the
Cleveland State University Black Studies Program. The JHO is composed of
outstanding jazz performers who are also highly competent music educators.

Through the auspices of the Cleveland State University Black Studies Program,
the Jazz Heritage Orchestra is available for concerts, educational seminars,
clinics, master classes, and workshops throughout the United States of America
and around the world.

------

ABOUT THE JHO

In the process of planning to provide musical enrichment for the current jazz
lovers of the world, the organizers of the Jazz Heritage Orchestra were keenly
aware of and even disturbed by the fact that many Americans of all ages and of
all demographic groups have few if any opportunities to experience excellent
jazz music through the popular media of radio and television. The trustees noted
that African Americans are often conspicuous by their absence from jazz concerts
and jazz festivals. There was serious concern among members of the board of
trustees that in the African American communities which gave birth to jazz,
interest in this art form has diminished, and that young African Americans in
particular have almost no knowledge of this music as they seldom hear it in
their daily lives. There was concern that there are few African American youth
enrolled in jazz camps, jazz clinics and workshops and that only a very few
African American students enroll in college and university jazz studies
programs. It was noted that with the diminished interest in jazz, a vast segment
of the African American population was estranged from a very rich and vital part
of its cultural and artistic heritage.

Therefore, it was decided that a very special mission of the Jazz Heritage
Orchestra would be to target and to educate young African Americans as well as
the general public about this music. This special mission is to make excellent
jazz accessible to the African American community and most especially to young
people of the inner city. Members of the JHO are prepared to go into the schools
and share this music with elementary and secondary students, and to demonstrate
how musical excellence is achieved through discipline and through the investment
of arduous study. They will seek to engender a love for this music and to
nurture the musical interests of young African Americans and others who may be
induced to listen to it and to play it. The planners of the JHObelieve that the
rewards to young people will not only be the joy and enrichment which comes from
the musical experience, but that the experience of hearing great music and of
learning to make music will enrich the lives of young people and enhance their
efforts in other academic pursuits. While the orchestra wishes to share its
music with the world, there is a special goal of taking this music to the under
served and to further develop and expand the jazz audience in Northeast Ohio and
elsewhere.

Share
    Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on email Share on print More
Sharing Services 4
Subscribe
Event Type

Music by Format, Concert, Guest Recital, Music by Kind, Jazz
Departments

Academic, Jazz Studies, Administrative, Conservatory of Music

Cost

Free
Contact Email Address

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              336 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                             March 29, 2004 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Vehicle leaves new owner a wreck

BYLINE: Bob Desiderio

SECTION: SECTION C; Dear Desi; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 714  words


Q:I bought a 2002 Land Rover Discovery SE7 a month ago from a Daytona Beach car
dealer. I just discovered the previous owners had an accident that cost $18,000
to repair. Although I checked it out on Carfax (www.carfax.com), the report
showed no damage, because State Farm Insurance didnt report the damage for a
year. How do I go about determining the depreciation of the vehicle now? I would
never have bought the vehicle knowing it had been in such a serious wreck.
CONSTANT DRIVER You did the right thing by checking out the car on Carfax, which
is recommended by the Kelley Blue Book (www.kbb.com), but, unfortunately, your
cars report was incomplete. All I can suggest is that you try both Kelley and
Edmunds (www.edmunds.com) and factor in wreck repairs and see what they come up
with on suggested prices. You are stuck in a twilight zone called diminished
value. You can find a good explanation of this term in www.wreckcheck.net/
default.aspx. Diminished value is what you lose over and above the cost of
repairing the damage of a wreck. It is another form of depreciation. The
Washington state insurance commissioner defines the term as: The difference in
the dollar amount of what your car would have sold for without damage and the
amount it will likely sell for with the repaired damage. Q:A group of us would
like to know if the woman who covered her face with a veil ever got a drivers
license? None of us or anyone I have talked to believes she should be allowed to
get a license unless she has her picture taken like everyone else. EDGEWATER
READER Sultaana Freeman, as a observant Muslim, lost her bid for a veiled
picture in Circuit Court in Orange County last year, but the decision was
appealed by the American Civil Liberties Union, which is representing her. The
appeal is pending in the 5th District Court of Appeal in Daytona Beach, but no
date has been set for oral arguments, said Assistant Attorney General Jason
Vail, who is representing the Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles.
Freemans license photo was taken in 2001 with a veil, but after the Sept. 11
World Trade Center attack, the state ordered her to return and get a new license
photo unveiled. When she refused, her license was revoked. She hasnt returned
it, Vail said. Q:I decided to save money on my telephone bill by dropping my
long distance carrier. I called BellSouth to tell them I was canceling the long
distance service, but then on my next bill I was charged $3.07 for making the
change! Whats going on? I get charged for not using a service, and then I get
charged for canceling it. SPEECHLESS IN FLAGLER I called the Florida Public
Service Commission and asked if the charge was a valid one and I was told
absolutely, but if they charge it twice, it isnt. If they do, call us and we
will get in touch with them. Q:I have a termite service contract that called for
placing termite traps around my home. On Feb. 16, a service man came and removed
the traps. When I questioned this, I was told in a telephone call to the office
that the traps were removed because they were no longer needed. I dont feel
comfortable with their answer. Why were the traps removed, and will I be
protected from termites? PORT ORANGE READER It sounds like a new technique
called TTR (trap, treat, release) invented by Dr. T.G. Myles of the University
of Toronto and licensed by the FMC Corp. for suppressing or killing subterranean
termite colonies. The way it works is first traps are placed to catch termites,
which are collected and treated with a topical application of sulfuramide
blotted directly onto the termites dorsal surfaces. Then the termites are
returned to where they were collected and the treated termites head for their
nests. Grooming, a well-documented social behavior of termites, results in the
ingestion of the pesticide by the grooming individuals. The method avoids
contamination of the soil and takes the poison directly to where it will do the
most good, according to the university.Desis column appears Mondays. Send your
questions to Dear Desi, The News-Journal, P.O. Box 2831, Daytona Beach, FL
32120- 2831 or via e-mail to bob.desiderio@news-jrnl.com Your questions must
include your name, address and telephone number, but your name will NOT be used
in the column.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2004 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2004 News-Journal Corporation


                              337 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Alaska Journal of Commerce

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 1, 2011 Thursday

Retailers looking at happy holiday sales

BYLINE: Jonathan Grass, Alaska Journal of Commerce, Anchorage

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1240 words


Dec. 01--Shoppers didn't even wait until Black Friday as traffic backed up
outside stores Thanksgiving evening. On that Friday, the crowds started strong.
While the congestion diminished across the weekend, Alaska can still expect
strong seasonal retail sales that are on par with the rest of the country.

The stores are expecting positive figures with this year's holiday sales.
Studies are showing positive sales outlooks as the nation continues to emerge
from the recession and the retailers agree.

Wells Fargo's Economics Group recently released a holiday sales preview using
various state and federal and private sources. The bank's economists predict
that although there is diminished consumer confidence.

Senior Economist Mark Vitner said holiday retail sales across the country are
coming back around after losing headway in 2008 and somewhat in 2009, when
average spending was down. As for this holiday season, the report states that
retailers nationwide have racked up 16 consecutive months of increased sales,
despite a reported lack of consumer confidence. The holidays are expected to add
to strong sales, with an estimated over-the-year sales increase of 5.2 percent
for the season.

Part of this rise is reportedly from lowered average debt burdens. The report
states that weakened consumer sentiment is still there, but that decreased
spending will likely not come about until early next year.

Asher Dymoke, general manager of Dimond Center's Best Buy in Anchorage, said his
store's crowds have been phenomenal so far this year, especially throughout the
Thanksgiving weekend.

U.S. Census data also shows increased nationwide retail sales in 2011 over the
last several years. It states total sales grew over the last decade, dipped in
2008 and started climbing again after 2009.

State-level data was not available from Wells Fargo, the National Retail
Federation or the Alaska Department of Labor and Workforce Development.

A lot of the sale hikes are predicted to stem from Internet sales. NRF's
Shop.org eHoliday survey states that nearly 68 percent of retailers expected
their online sales to go up by at least 15 percent over last holiday season.

This prediction proved to be an understatement, with IBM Benchmark reporting
that online sales could be much higher. SalesTracker states that online sales
rose 33 percent since the Thanksgiving weekend, particularly on Cyber Monday.
This makes 2011 the largest year for online sales and the biggest increase of
such sales coming from mobile devices.

NRF states that new data shows the average shopper plans to do about 36 percent
of shopping online.

"There's no question consumers are eager to hit the Web this holiday season, and
online retailers are prepping by optimizing their sites, beginning their
marketing and promotions early, and planning plenty of free shipping promotions
as they aim to provide value and convenience for their shoppers," Shop.org head
of research Fiona Swerdlow said in a release. "Online retailers will also
leverage their social media and mobile platforms for savvy shoppers on the go,
knowing how important customer reviews and comparison shopping applications are
to holiday shoppers."

Survey data shows 43 percent of shoppers feel that the 24-hour convenience is a
big contributor to this. Other considerations include e avoiding crowds and ease
of price comparisons.

Best Buy Senior Vice President John Thompson said shopping interest has been
increasing, particularly with online shopping. Dymoke said a large part of the
sales team's work now involves promoting online buying as a retail option plus
that of in-store pick-up.

"We've seen it get quite big, especially with remote locations, so it's great to
offer that option," he said.

The National Retail Federation also reports that almost 90 percent of retailers
are offering free shipping this holiday season, something those in the remote
Alaska areas will be glad to hear.

Several of the big retailers concur with the notion that sales will be up this
year. Fred Meyer spokeswoman Melinda Merrill said each year has shown more
promise since the recession. The stores have had more seasonal help and of
course higher sales.

"We expect a good season," Merrill said. "Halloween was really strong for us and
that's often a good indicator."

She said high Black Friday numbers are another good indicator.

Walmart also expects the holidays to be profitable. The retail giant's third
quarter report states an expected increase in its fourth quarter. Walmart cites
electronics and toys as "critically important sales drivers" in this quarter and
it's not alone in this thought.

Merrill said Fred Meyer's electronics have become a huge sales item this time of
year with these sales rising over the last five or six years.

Walmart's report states, "As you know, electronics and toys make up our
entertainment business, and are critically important sales drivers for the
fourth quarter. Entertainment was 160 basis points better than last quarter, and
with layaway, we expect ongoing improvement for Q4. Our comp for Q3 was a mid
single-digit negative, reflecting the ongoing impact from electronics
deflation."

When pushing through the crowds, it always helps to know what the masses are
going for. Electronics are at high on the "hot" list. Merrill said iPads and
other tablets like the Kindle Fire, as well as entertainment items, are big
sellers.

The Wells Fargo report shows a shift in recent electronic trends through a
weaker demand for books, CDs and DVDs. This reflects the current trend for
digital preferences for such entertainment. Video games, however, are expected
to sell strongly.

This notion is apparent locally. Dymoke said the games have been the especially
big entertainment sellers, especially with several new releases since October.

Like Fred Meyer, Best Buy has seen huge holiday sales of tablets and e-readers.
Dymoke said these items, plus smartphones, portable devices, apps and
accessories, will continue to be big.

Electronics aren't the only big-ticket items out there. The Wells Fargo report
states that more than half of consumers polled hoped to receive gift cards.
Alaska retailers agree with the Wells Fargo indicator that the early, heavy
winter will help promote winter clothing as highly desirable items this year.

Merrill said other big items have included novelty appliances and Pillow Pets.

As Alaska's retail market grows, so do the different customer bases. Maegan
Kaser-Lee, director of marketing for the 5th Avenue Mall in Anchorage, said the
mall's recent addition of several stores helped generate a larger holiday crowd
over last year. This is especially evident with younger shoppers. These
additions include Alaska's first Apple Store and Teavana. Aeropostale is also
new to the mall.

"New stores always bring in new customers," Kaser-Lee said.

Other crowd draws at this mall include local holiday entertainment,
gift-wrapping through local charities and the return of Santa Claus after
several years.

Dymoke also had a tip for holiday shopping. "I see it every year. We have a
tendency as customers to wait until last minute, so make sure you get on those
products you want now before you miss it for holiday season," he said.

Jonathan Grass can be reached at jonathan.grass@alaskajournal.com

___ (c)2011 the Alaska Journal of Commerce (Anchorage, Alaska) Visit the Alaska
Journal of Commerce (Anchorage, Alaska) at www.alaskajournal.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111201-JA-Retailers-looking-at-happy-holiday-sales-1201-20111201

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JA


                   Copyright 2011 Alaska Journal of Commerce


                              338 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            March 2, 2011 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Motion Picture Industry Group Names Ex-Senator Dodd as Its New Chief

BYLINE: By BROOKS BARNES and MICHAEL CIEPLY

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 923 words


LOS ANGELES -- Christopher J. Dodd, the former Democratic senator of
Connecticut, was named as Hollywood's top lobbyist on Tuesday, a move that might
initially prove tricky because of lobbying restrictions for former members of
Congress.

The Motion Picture Association of America, which is counting on Mr. Dodd to
revive its diminished influence, announced that he would take over on March 17
as its chairman and chief executive. The job, which will pay about $1.5 million
a year, will require Mr. Dodd to push a Hollywood agenda in Washington that
includes a more aggressive government stance against piracy and an effort to
persuade China to lift limits on the distribution of Western movies.

Six studios are members of the association: Paramount Pictures, Sony Pictures
Entertainment, 20th Century Fox, Universal Pictures, Walt Disney Studios and
Warner Brothers. In addition to lobbying efforts, the organization regulates
movie advertising and runs the movie rating system.

The association's power has faded in the years since the retirement in 2004 of
its leader of several decades, Jack Valenti, but a reduced operating budget and
Silicon Valley's increasing influence contributed to its problems.

Mr. Dodd, 66, will take on all of this while complying with a law that, among
other things, restricts the amount of lobbying that former senators can
undertake on Capitol Hill. Until 2013, Mr. Dodd cannot directly work to
influence his former colleagues. He faces no limits when it comes to overseeing
a lobbying strategy, however, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.
He can also testify before Congress.

''I have no intention of violating either the letter or spirit of that law,
which is one I support strongly,'' Mr. Dodd said in a telephone interview. He
said he saw his job more as ambassador for the movie industry on the global
stage and as an architect of legislative strategy. ''There are other people here
who do that,'' he said of direct lobbying efforts.

Mr. Dodd added that he saw the Motion Picture Association as ''anything but
diminished.''

An association spokeswoman, Elizabeth Kaltman, also objected to the notion that
the group's heyday had passed, pointing to a long list of accomplishments in
recent months. Bob Pisano, the association's president, helped mobilize against
a movie futures trading plan that won regulatory backing but was defeated in
Congress. And another major victory came last May with the Federal
Communications Commission's approval of home entertainment technology to prevent
consumers from recording pay-per-view movies.

Ms. Kaltman also cited the organization's work in encouraging colleges and
universities to address movie theft on campus.

Jim Gianopulos, a chairman of Fox Filmed Entertainment, in telephone interview
called Mr. Dodd ''a proven leader, consensus builder, and person of stature.''

Asked whether the transition from a position of power to a job governed by a
half-dozen film executives might be difficult, Mr. Gianopulos said he believed
the ''gravitas of a person like Chris'' would actually help get the sometimes
fractious moguls in line. A major strategic challenge, Mr. Gianopulos said, was
to find common ground between companies in the entertainment and technology
industries.

Mr. Dodd's experience running the Democratic National Committee was of
particular interest to the studio chiefs who had conducted the job search.
Leading the movie association involves forming a consensus from an indecisive
membership whose priorities are not always closely aligned.

Mr. Dodd succeeds Dan Glickman, the former Kansas congressman who took over from
Mr. Valenti. Mr. Glickman, affable but low-key, never found his footing among
the movie executives. Mr. Dodd was not the association's first choice: Bob
Kerrey, the former Nebraska governor and United States senator, was in
negotiations for the job in May but dropped out.

Like Mr. Valenti, Mr. Dodd comes with little direct business experience, having
spent a long career in politics and public service. But unlike Mr. Valenti, a
close aide to President Lyndon B. Johnson, Mr. Dodd has been more accustomed to
the prerogatives of a senior legislator than to tending the egos and needs of a
boss -- or in this case, a committee of them.

Mr. Dodd is familiar with at least some of the industry's problems. Jackie M.
Clegg, a former Export-Import Bank executive whom he married in 1999, was a
director at Blockbuster Entertainment until last March.

Blockbuster, once a major contributor to studio income, filed for Chapter 11
protection in September after piracy took a toll on home entertainment revenue
and competitors like Netflix moved in with low-cost alternatives to store-based
sales and rentals.

Recently Mr. Dodd has had to cope with the death of his close friend from the
Senate, Edward M. Kennedy, and a personal battle with prostate cancer.

Mr. Dodd was the focus of accusations of special treatment from Countrywide
Financial, the fallen subprime company, and by questions about his role in
legislation that seemed to allow bonuses to be paid to executives at the
American International Group, the insurance firm that received billions in
government bailout money.

Joining the lobbying ranks is a reversal for Mr. Dodd, who last year told The
Connecticut Mirror that he was not interested in influence peddling.

''No lobbying, no lobbying,'' he was quoted as saying. Mr. Dodd said in the
interview on Tuesday that when he made that comment he was referring to the law
banning him from personally lobbying for two years.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Christopher J. Dodd, the former Democratic senator from
Connecticut, will push Hollywood's agenda in Washington. (PHOTOGRAPH BY LUKE
SHARRETT/THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                              339 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            December 14, 2012 Friday
                                  Main Edition

GUEST COLUMN;
Unions share, and fight for, the dreams of all Georgians

BYLINE: Charlie Flemming; For the AJC

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 22A

LENGTH: 644 words


As we approach the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington for Jobs and
Freedom organized by A. Philip Randolph, vice president of the AFL-CIO, we are
reminded of Martin Luther King Jr.'s 1961 fight against anti-unionism. "In our
glorious fight for civil rights," King said, "we must guard against being fooled
by false slogans, as 'right-to-work.' It provides no 'rights' and no 'works.'
Its purpose is to destroy labor unions and the freedom of collective
bargaining."

Despite his warning, the anti-union crusade continues as deindustrialization,
globalization and offshore production have diminished wages and greatly reduced
the availability of good jobs.

Unions, despite the premature proclamation of their death, remain relevant in
the continued fight for fair wages, decent benefits and safe working conditions.
What happened in Michigan this week is a perfect example of corporations and
politicians interfering with the freedom of employees to work together in unions
to improve their lives. It not only undermines our belief in a voice for all who
work, it lowers living standards for all of us.

Now more than ever, we need to be unified to create jobs and restore the middle
class across our country, because work connects us all. Although King made the
ultimate sacrifice standing with the sanitation workers of Memphis in 1968, the
work he gave his life for continues.

Workers in right-to-work states, for example, earn an average of $5,538 less a
year than counterparts in states where they have the right to collective
bargaining. Every citizen is diminished by these inequities, because the reduced
salaries represent missed tax revenues and reduced money circulating in the
local and state economy.

Unions and collective bargaining also make a difference in workplace safety;
right-to-work states report 50 percent more workplace deaths. The campaigns for
fair wages, decent health care, and safe working conditions through labor
contracts are a continuing responsibility of the American labor movement.

Union concerns extend beyond the needs of our members. What is often left
unreported is how unions work with business, civil society and government to
realize the democratic vision established by our country's founders. During the
2012 Georgia state legislative session, the AFL-CIO championed freedom of speech
by opposing SB 469. The bill would have curtailed the right to picket, a
traditional American tool for social justice advocacy. Who can forget the
picketing Memphis sanitation workers with their "I Am a Man" placards?

Organized labor also benefits the larger society in other ways often invisible
to the public. More than 900 Georgia AFL-CIO members assisted in recovery
efforts following the devastation of Hurricane Sandy. Each year, AFL-CIO members
in Atlanta and Georgia provide millions of dollars of charitable donations to
the United Way and many other charitable organizations that assist Georgians in
need.

Organized labor also advocates for the reintegration of our military veterans
into the economy through our "Helmets to Hardhats" initiative. The program pairs
our transitioning military veterans with quality career training and employment
opportunities within the construction industry.

In the coming legislative session, we will fight for the constitutional and
economic rights of all Georgians. We'll push for Buy Georgia, Buy American
legislation, which gives preference to products made in Georgia and/or the
United States. We will also work on mass transit issues, immigration rights,
privatization, unemployment, corporate tax breaks, living wages and public
education.

In sum, your dreams for a better state with ample employment opportunities are
what drive our work every day. The Georgia AFL-CIO will continue fighting to
realize the dreams of all Georgians.

Charlie Flemming is president of the Georgia AFL-CIO.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Charlie Flemming is president of the Georgia AFL-CIO.
/ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2012 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              340 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                            December 8, 2015 Tuesday

After yet another scandal, what can be done to fix the Secret Service?;
High-profile scandals have diminished the Secret Service's reputation in recent
years. But two reports offer insight into how to ensure the agency is providing
adequate protection.

BYLINE: Annika Fredrikson Staff

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 769 words


A former US Secret Service agent was sentenced to six years in prison Monday for
stealing electronic currency while investigating an online black market.

After gaining access to Silk Road as part of an investigative task force, Shaun
Bridges stole over $800,000 in Bitcoin and attempted to pin the theft on a
cooperating witness, ultimately threatening the witness' life. Mr. Bridges
admitted to money laundering and obstruction charges during trial in August.

"This, to me, is an extremely serious crime consisting of the betrayal of public
trust by a federal law enforcement agent," the judge, who passed the sentence
Monday, told the Associated Press.

This is just one smudge in a series of scandals overshadowing the Secret Service
(USSS) in recent years. In 2012, a prostitution scandal in Colombia widely
covered by the media diminished the Service's reputation. And a report released
last week by the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform exposed more
than 143 security breaches at agency-supervised facilities.

Notable breaches detailed in the report included:

a November 11, 2011, incident where an individual fired several shots at the
White House from a semiautomatic rifle;a September 16, 2014, incident at the
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta, Georgia, where an armed
contract security guard with a violent arrest history rode in an elevator with
President Obama and later breached the President's security formation;and a
March 4, 2015, incident where two intoxicated senior USSS officials- including a
top official on the President's protective detail-interfered with a crime scene
involving a bomb threat just outside the White House grounds."

Those investigating the agency point to several factors that have led to reduced
effectiveness. "Poor leadership and a dysfunctional workplace have created a
culture within the Secret Service that led to major security lapses, employee
misconduct and low employee satisfaction and commitment scores," the Partnership
for Public Service said. Furthermore, resource reductions and "unprecedented
staffing shortages" have added to agency pressures.

Deemed an "agency in crisis," the Service has had three different directors in
the past two years, and staff has dropped by more than 50 people, marking the
lowest numbers in a decade despite recommendations to increase hiring.

The House Committee's report also highlighted "significant cuts imposed by the
Budget Control Act of 2011, systemic mismanagement at USSS that has been unable
to correct these shortfalls, and declining employee morale leading to
attrition."

A separate report on USSS was completed in December 2014 by the US Secret
Service Protective Mission Panel, a panel formed in response to the Sept. 19,
2014 incident, "when a lone individual leapt over the White House fence, onto
the North Lawn, and ultimately into the White House itself."

This report, too, found several issues needing immediate attention including a
training regimen "diminished far below acceptable levels," a lack of resources,
limitations on personnel and "an organization starved for leadership that
rewards innovation and excellence and demands accountability."

However, this report offered suggestions for change, while still acknowledging
the work of the agency. "Facing constant threats and charged with guarding the
world's most powerful and visible head of state and the most accessible
executive mansion of any large nation, the Secret Service has an extraordinary
track record of success," wrote the panel members in the report's executive
summary. "This is not to say that the Secret Service does not make mistakes. But
we owe the agents, officers, and line personnel of the Secret Service a debt of
gratitude."

With multiple reports, USSS has many recommendations to restore their tarnished
reputation. This is an important time for the Secret Service, as they are
providing protection not only for the president, but a handful of 2016
presidential candidates as well.

Fixing USSS could mean bringing in a new leader from the outside, suggests the
USSS Protective Mission Panel. Increasing the agency's budget, hiring additional
employees, and increasing staff training would allow the agency to better
protect the nation.

"We know special agents of the United States Secret Service as the silent
figures around the President, but we tend to notice them only in the
extraordinarily rare moments when they fail," wrote the USSS Protective Mission
Panel.

"As a nation, we should not fail to make prudent investments in personnel,
technology, and leadership when the stakes are so high."

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              341 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   News Point

                             May 16, 2015 Saturday

Long-term depression may double stroke risk: study

LENGTH: 342 words

DATELINE: India


India, May 16 -- Long-term depression may double the risk of stroke for
middle-aged adults, according to a new research. Scientists found that
persistent depression may double the risk of stroke in adults over 50 - and
stroke risk remains higher even after symptoms of depression go away. "Our
findings suggest that depression may increase stroke risk over the long term,"
said Paola Gilsanz, study lead author from Harvard University's TH Chan School
of Public Health in Boston.

Researchers used data from 16,178 participants (ages 50 and older) who had been
interviewed as part of the Health and Retirement Study about depressive
symptoms, history of stroke, and stroke risk factors every two years in
1998-2010.

The study documented 1,192 strokes over 12 years. Compared to people without
depression at either interview, people with high depressive symptoms at two
consecutive interviews were more than twice as likely to have a first stroke and
people who had depressive symptoms at the first interview but not the second had
a 66 per cent higher stroke risk.

Researchers did not evaluate whether depressive symptoms diminished because of
treatment or for other reasons; but findings suggest that treatment, even if
effective for depression, may not have immediate benefits for stroke risk.
Researchers also suggest that diminished depression may have a stronger effect
on women than men. However, recent onset of depression was not associated with
higher stroke risk.

"Looking at how changes in depressive symptoms over time may be associated with
strokes allowed us to see if the risk of stroke increases after elevated
depressive symptoms start or if risk goes away when depressive symptoms do,"
Gilsanz said. "We were surprised that changes in depressive symptoms seem to
take more than two years to protect against or elevate stroke risk," Gilsanz
said.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from News Point. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                          Copyright 2015 NewsPoint TV
                              All Rights Reserved


                              342 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                            August 9, 2006 Wednesday

Cattlemen push for protection

BYLINE: By Stella Davis Current-Argus Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 993 words


CARLSBAD -- Landowners with only surface rights say they deserve to have legal
protections for their property and compensation when oil and gas companies
damage their lands.Although legislation failed to pass this year that would have
provided some protections and compensation for landowners, crafters of the bill
have made some revisions with the hopes of getting the bill passed in the 2007
Legislative sessionOil and gas industry representatives say that in order for
the proposed legislation to pass, representatives from the ranching and oil and
gas industry need to talk and develop a bill that will be acceptable to all
parties.Alisa Ogden, a rancher and president-elect of the New Mexico Cattle
Growers Association, gave an overview of the proposed bill at a meeting held in
Carlsbad on Tuesday.Ogden said that from her experience, large independent
companies such as Marbob Energy (based in Artesia) have been the easiest to work
with. She said there are some companies that are not good stewards of the land
and the proposed legislation has come about largely because of them.Sen. Tim
Jennings, D-Chaves, Eddy and Lea, who attended Tuesday's meeting, said that in
his opinion the proposed bill has two major "sticking points" that could derail
the bill again.He said a section in the proposed bill addressing compensation
and liability for oil and gas operations is a concern.The section states: "An
operator shall compensate the surface owner for the use of the surface owner's
property and any damages sustained by the surface owner, or the tenant of the
surface owner, as a result of the operator's oil and gas operation, including
but not limited to:n Lost income.n Diminished land value.n Lost use of/access to
the land.n Lost or diminished value of improvements.n Harm to the watershed,
aquifers or water supplies on or under the property.n The costs of reclamation
and the costs of reclamation if the operator fails to reclaim the surface
properly, even though the cost of reclamation may exceed the fair market value
of the damaged surface.Jennings said the words "tenant" and "diminished land
value" could be detrimental to the successful passage of the bill, and the oil
and gas industry could introduce its own version of the Surface Owner's
Protection Act bill if the cattle growers industry is unwilling to bend.He said
that a tenant of the land could be construed as someone who holds public lands
through a state or federal lease. The tenant in that case cannot ban an oil and
gas company from drilling on his leased land. The lessee only has surface
rights, while the oil and gas company has the mineral rights leased from the
government.Addressing the diminished land value issue, Jennings said that if the
language is left in, it could open a "Pandora's box" of problems."What happens
if a new subdivision opens up and someone decides to raise cattle next the new
homes? That could be seen as diminished value. Do you compensate all the
homeowners in the subdivision because you want to run cattle?" Jennings said. "I
think that it's up to the realtor to disclose to the potential homeowner what
the land around the subdivision could be used for. That's where the burden of
disclosure should lie."He said the proposed bill is not a simple piece of
legislation for New Mexico."It might be detrimental to the production of oil and
gas in this state," Jennings said.Johnny Gray, president and co-owner of Marbob
Energy, said that "diminished land value" is a cause of heartburn for his
industry.He said that some companies are already talking about outbidding
landowners holding state land surface leases to avoid future problems of
determining diminished land value and lost use of and access to lands."Be
careful for what you wish for," Gray told supporters of the bill. "Don't push so
hard. The industry knows what you are paying for your leases. Some in the
industry (oil and gas) are talking about bidding on your leased surface lands to
get surface rights. Then they would avoid the problem of having to deal with the
landowner."Jennings said that New Mexico's Land Commissioner is mandated under
state law to get the best price he can for state leased lands, and if an oil and
gas company were to offer $2 per acre, he would have to take it."The money from
the leases is used to fund our schools and roads," he added.Ogden said following
Tuesday's meeting that state land leases are generally for a five-year period.
She said if a lessee's contract with the state land office is nearing the end of
the five-years, it is up to the lessee to get the lease renewed in a timely
manner. If he or she misses the deadline of submitting the paperwork, there is a
possibility that the oil and gas company bid on the lease and get it."I'm told
there is one company at this time that is planning to bid on the surface rights
on land leased by an individual," she said.Ogden stressed that the New Mexico
Cattle Growers Association is not against oil and gas production. However, it
believes that when the industry damages the land it drills on, the landowner
should be compensated."All we are asking is that the industry cleans up and
compensates us for damages and contamination of our land," said Irvin Boyd, a
member of the Fee and Public Land Users Association, which helped craft the
bill.Responding to a remark from a rancher in the audience that ranchers are
good stewards of public lands because they make a living off the land, while oil
and gas companies make their living from what's below the surface and don't care
about what is on top, Rand French, representing Marbob Energy, said that good
stewardship works both ways."There are bad ranchers and there are bad oil and
gas companies," he said.Gray agreed and added, "I'm sure that between the
industry and the cattle growers we can come up with wording in this bill that
will be acceptable to all of us. I think there is room for us to sit down at the
table and work this out."

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Carlsbad Current-Argus
                              All Rights Reserved


                              343 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                          The Sundance Times (Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                November 8, 2012

The Federalist Papers;
Federalist Paper # 79, May 28, 1788

BYLINE: BY TERRY HENDERSON

LENGTH: 576  words


Hamilton discusses the conditions of a judge's tenure. In addition to permanency
in office, nothing counts more to the independence of judges than a fixed
provision for their support, just as with the presidency. In general, "a power
over a man's subsistence amounts to a power over his will." There will never
truly be a complete separation of the judicial from the legislative power in any
system which leaves the judiciary dependent on their income on the occasional
grants of the legislature.

Because several states have had trouble with this concern, and declaring a
permanent salary has not resolved the legislative issue, the constitution
provides an answer in Article HI, Section 1, "shall at stated times receive for
their services a compensation, which shall not be diminished during their
continuance in office." Due to fluctuations in the value of money, and the state
of society, a fixed compensation is inadmissible. It is still necessary to leave
it to the legislature to vary the provisions to conform to the circumstances,
while at the same time, put it under such restrictions that the legislature
cannot change the condition of an individual for the worse. The previous clause
allows the salaries of judges to be changed from time to time, yet will never
lessen the allowance with which any particular judge came into office. The
difference between the president and the judge's salary is that the president's
salary cannot be increased or diminished for that term, while the judges can
only not be diminished. This has to do with the duration of their terms. A
presidential term is four years. A judge's term is for life if he or she behaves
properly. From the beginning to the end of a judge's term, the stipend could be
very inadequate if it stayed the same the entire time. Between the provision for
support and the permanent tenure of office, this constitution affords a better
prospect of independence than is found in any of the states for their judges.

One of the main precautions for a judge's responsible behavior is they are
liable for mal-conduct by the House of Representatives, and can be tried by the
senate. If convicted, they may be dismissed from office and disqualified to hold
any other office.

One area of complaint has been the lack of a provision to remove a judge for
inability. Sensible men realize that such a provision would not be practiced or
would be apt to be abused. To define the line between ability and inability
would more often give scope to personal and party loyalties, than advance the
interests of justice or the public good. Except for insanity, it would be based
on perceptions, rather than facts. New York's constitution has set a limit of
sixty years. Most do not approve this provision. Deliberation and comparison
abilities generally preserve their strength well beyond that time. It is
improbable that a large percentage of the bench should be in questionable
intellectual vigor at the same time. Such limitations are not recommended. In a
republic, where there is not an abundance of fortunes, and pensions are not
advisable, the dismissal of "men from stations in which they have served their
country long and usefully, on which they depend for subsistence, and from which
it will be too late to resort to any other occupation for a livelihood, ought to
have some better apology to humanity, than is to be found in the imaginary
danger of a superannuated (worn out, not useful) bench. Publius

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Guest Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 The Sundance Times


                              344 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Express

                            February 20, 2015 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

TRAGEDY OF THE FATHER OF NYLON;
Wallace Carothers created one of the greatest inventions of the 20th century 80
years ago but never lived to see its impact on the modern world

BYLINE: Adrian Lee

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 1229 words


FROM the list of the world's greatest inventors the name Wallace Carothers does
not jump out. He was a brilliant but melancholy man who was happiest out of the
limelight, beavering away in his laboratory.

It was there 80 years ago this month that Carothers made the breakthrough that
would change the very fabric of the modern world.

Carothers called it nylon and, thanks to its myriad uses, he was responsible for
a 20th-century industrial revolution.

Clothes, ropes, weapons and machines could all be manufactured from this
versatile and durable first form of plastic. It was the material that helped the
Allies win the Second World War and even now nylon and its spin-offs surround
us.

Yet its inventor never lived to see the remarkable impact of nylon.

Carothers was a tortured soul who struggled to cope away from his beloved test
tubes and took his own life at the age of just 41.

Born in the American mid-west in 1896 the young Carothers was fascinated by
machines and experiments. He was nicknamed Doc and the only surprise was that
originally studied English at college before switching to chemistry.

He became a teacher of the subject at the University of South Dakota, then took
up a similar post at Harvard in 1926.

It was here that one of his papers, about the possibility of combining chemicals
with water to make fibres, caught the eye of executives at chemical company
DuPont.

Known for making munitions the firm was seeking to diversify after the end of
the First World War and asked Carothers to head its research department in
Wilmington, Delaware.

DuPont made the academic an offer it was sure he could not refuse by offering to
double his salary, provide a team of scientists and allow him to work on
whatever interested him.

However Carothers was initially reluctant to leave the classroom.

The dark moods which often enveloped him were unpredictable and he feared
turning his back on his cosy academic life at Harvard. He confided to a friend:
"I suffer from neurotic spells of diminished capacity which might constitute a
much more serious handicap there."

confided to a friend: "I suffer from neurotic spells of diminished capacity
which might constitute a much more Cwas also worried that he might not be able
to deliver. Although his work was highly AROTHERS was also worried that he might
not be able to deliver. Although his work was highly promising there was a
serious flaw - the water required to blend with the chemicals caused his fibres
to be too weak. Also if they were exposed to heat they reverted to a useless
sticky mess.

Eventually he was cajoled into starting the job at DuPont in the winter of 1928.
He buried himself in his work but the breakthrough proved elusive.

A downcast Carothers gave up his research but was inspired to have another try a
few years later when he moved into a house in Wilmington with three other DuPont
scientists.

It became known as Whiskey Acres because of their heavy drinking but the
creative environment reinvigorated the inventor.

While the others were out partying he became obsessed with polymers: long chains
of molecules which are the building bricks of everything that exists.

molecules which are the building bricks of everything that exists.

Outside chemistry Carothers barely had a life and was finding it increasingly
difficult to cope with bouts of deep depression. He admitted to a colleague that
he kept a capsule of cyanide attached to his watch chain.

barely had a life and was finding it increasingly difficult to cope with bouts
of deep depression. He admitted to a colleague that he kept a capsule of cyanide
attached to his watch chain.

At least in his work Carothers could at last see light at the end of the tunnel.
His eureka moment came in 1930 when he realised that if he drew off some of the
water in the late stages of mixing various chemicals then strength would not be
lost.

Colleagues later recalled running around the normally staid lab, trailing
streams of the early manmade fibres behind them. They all knew there was now a
realistic chance of producing a commercially viable product.

For a while Carothers appeared to be enjoying life. He played squash, accepted
invitations to dinner and began dating an old girlfriend from his college days.

Other scientists flocked to visit his lab but he didn't cope well with becoming
famous and darkness again enveloped him.

He wrote: "My nervousness, moroseness and vacillation get worse as time goes on
and the frequent resort to drinking doesn't bring about any permanent
improvement - 1932 looks pretty black to me just now."

Carothers began drinking even more heavily and there was a string of
unsatisfying affairs, followed by a breakdown in 1934 which led to him being
sectioned.

However all the time he was making progress with his polymers. By experimenting
with hundreds of different combinations of chemicals his fibres were becoming
ever stronger.

For Carothers it was a race to make the final leap before he selfdestructed.
Then in February 1935 he finally discovered the perfect formula. The half-ounce
sample wasn't much to look at but melted at over 250C and was by weight six
times stronger than steel.

Carothers was satisfied with the specimen. Initially known as Tiber 66 he later
opted for the rather snappier name nylon.

BUT he was spent. While the company fine-tuned the product for the market place
Carothers was dispatched to the Black Forest in Germany for a walking holiday to
try to banish his demons.

By now he was dating Helen Sweetman, a 25-year-old secretary in his company's
patent office, and on his return they shocked colleagues by announcing their
engagement. There were murmurs of disapproval over the 15-year age gap but the
couple were married in February 1936.

The following year his sister Isobel, to whom he was devoted, died of pneumonia
and Carothers spiralled downwards again. His wife told him they were expecting
their first child but he became obsessed by the notion that his life's work was
meaningless.

In April 1937 he checked into a Philadelphia hotel and mixed a glass of cyanide
with lemon juice, knowing the acid would speed-up the effects of the poison.

Daughter Jane never met her father and did not discover he had committed suicide
until she was 13 years old.

After Carothers' premature death, nylon proved to be a sensation and earned
DuPont one billion dollars a year for many decades.

Its first use was for synthetic toothbrush bristles, then as a much cheaper
alternative to silk to make bridal veils and stockings. On the first day nylon
stockings went on sale in the US, 800,000 were sold. In no time Carothers'
brainchild was gracing the legs of millions of American women.

DuPont also exploited the versatility of the manmade fabric for parachutes,
seatbelts, uniforms, food wrappings, life rafts and tent canvas. In harder form
it could be used for guitar strings and even for gun barrels.

Nylon became the material which underpinned the Second World War and was in such
demand that its use for stockings was banned until peace was restored.

A few years later when nylon was again available as a stocking fabric, but still
scarce, fights broke out in department stores. In one incident 40,000 women
queued in Pittsburgh for just 13,000 pairs. In the mid-1970s there was another
landmark when sales of the synthetic fabric overtook natural fibres, cementing
the remarkable legacy of the father of nylon.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TORTURED: Wallace Carothers killed himself before nylon was used for
stockings and parachutes, inset

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DXP


                       Copyright 2015 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              345 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                          December 31, 2014 Wednesday

Tehama County judge suing state over pensions

LENGTH: 397  words


Tehama County Judge Matthew McGlynn and five other judges have sued the state,
alleging they're getting a raw deal on their pensions.
The judges allege the Public Employees Pension Reform Act, which became law in
2013, has increased their salary withholdings, allowed reductions in their pay
in violation of the state constitution and diminished the pension benefits they
are entitled to earn, according to the suit, filed last week in San Francisco
Superior Court.


The judges were elected in 2012, so they should not be covered by the pension
changes approved in the 2013 law, the suit said.
Superior Court judges are paid $184,610.
The judges are covered by the Judges Retirement System II, a public retirement
system that covers the Superior Courts, appellate courts and the Supreme Court.
Defendants include the state, the Judicial Council, the California Public
Employees Retirement System and the Office of the State Controller.
In 2012, Judges Retirement System II withheld a flat 8 percent of judges'
salaries.
Now, according to the suit, the six judges are subject to an additional 7.25
percent withholding, resulting in a fluctuating and increasing - as opposed to
guaranteed - rate of contribution toward their pension benefits.
In addition, their pension annuity has been diminished by application of a
three-year average salary annuity formula, the suit said.
The suit alleged judges become members of their pension system when they are
elected or appointed, and final benefits are computed with respect to the paid
service performed by the time of their retirement.
According to the suit, the 30 judges who were appointed in 2012 are covered by
the pension system's rules in place before the 2013 changes.
Many such judges are employed in the same courthouses as (the six judges who
sued), the suit said. (The state has) permitted such appointed judges to
participate in (the pension system) under the terms in effect prior to (the
Public Employees Pension Reform Act) effective date, but have denied such rights
to elected judges.
In August, the Legislature passed a bill to clarify the Public Employees Pension
Reform Act was not intended to apply to judges elected to office prior to Jan.
1, 2013, the suit said. Gov. Jerry Brown vetoed the bill.
In addition to McGlynn, the other judges are from Yuba, Imperial, Alameda, Kings
and San Diego counties. 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              346 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            December 29, 2014 Monday

Yuba County judge among five suing over state pensions

LENGTH: 399  words


Yuba County Judge Benjamin Wirtschafter and five other judges have sued the
state, alleging they're getting a raw deal on their pensions.
The judges allege the Public Employees Pension Reform Act, which became law in
2013, has increased their salary withholdings, allowed reductions in their pay
in violation of the state constitution and diminished the pension benefits they
are entitled to earn, according to the suit, filed last week in San Francisco
Superior Court.


The judges were elected in 2012, so they should not be covered by the pension
changes approved in the 2013 law, the suit said.
Superior Court judges are paid $184,610.
The judges are covered by the Judges Retirement System II, a public retirement
system that covers the Superior Courts, appellate courts and the Supreme Court.
Defendants include the state, the Judicial Council, the California Public
Employees Retirement System and the Office of the State Controller.
In 2012, Judges Retirement System II withheld a flat 8 percent of judges'
salaries.
Now, according to the suit, the six judges are subject to an additional 7.25
percent withholding, resulting in a fluctuating and increasing - as opposed to
guaranteed - rate of contribution toward their pension benefits.
In addition, their pension annuity has been diminished by application of a
three-year average salary annuity formula, the suit said.
The suit alleged judges become members of their pension system when they are
elected or appointed, and final benefits are computed with respect to the paid
service performed by the time of their retirement.
According to the suit, the 30 judges who were appointed in 2012 are covered by
the pension system's rules in place before the 2013 changes.
Many such judges are employed in the same courthouses as (the six judges who
sued), the suit said. (The state has) permitted such appointed judges to
participate in (the pension system) under the terms in effect prior to (the
Public Employees Pension Reform Act) effective date, but have denied such rights
to elected judges.
In August, the Legislature passed a bill to clarify the Public Employees Pension
Reform Act was not intended to apply to judges elected to office prior to Jan.
1, 2013, the suit said. Gov. Jerry Brown vetoed the bill.
In addition to Wirtschafter, the other judges are from Tehama, Imperial,
Alameda, Kings and San Diego counties. 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              347 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                           November 23, 2010 Tuesday

Attorney afflicted by sleep apnea loses disability fight, says Oregon Court of
Appeals

BYLINE: Pat Murphy

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 566  words


Is there anything dicier than disability insurance?

You pay the premiums, hoping to buy some security. Then, when you actually need
the benefit, the insurance company comes up with some loophole to deny coverage.

And if you just happen to succeed on a claim, there's always the fear in the
back of your mind that one day you'll get that letter telling you that the
insurer has come up with some excuse to stop payments.

That's what happened to Jeffrey Boly. Boly is a tax attorney who lives in
Multnomah County, Oregon. He turned 65 in 2007, as it turns out a key birthday
in his fight for disability coverage against Paul Revere Life Insurance Company.

Boly suffers from sleep apnea, a disorder characterized by pauses in breathing
or abnormally low breathing during sleep. The resulting hypoxia, or deprivation
of oxygen to the body, sometimes results in permanent impairment.

Boly's apnea went undiagnosed for years. As a result, he's suffered permanent
brain damage.

In the 80s, Boly first began experiencing abnormal daytime tiredness. A doctor
ultimately diagnosed Boly's sleep apnea, but the damage had been done and the
daytime tiredness would not go away.

Because of his diminished work capacity, Boly applied for partial disability
under a policy he purchased in 1983 from Paul Revere Life.

The insurer granted the claim and Boly started to receive benefits. All was well
until 1996 when Boly started to notice diminished cognitive ability. A doctor
related this problem back to the years when Boly's sleep apnea went undiagnosed.
As a result, Boly began receiving total disability under the Paul Revere Life
policy.

But as Boly got older, he drew nearer to an important trigger in his insurance
policy. The policy provides lifetime benefits for disability resulting from
accidental injury, but benefits end at age 65 for disability resulting from
disease or sickness.

Boly realized this could be a problem and just before turning 65 he requested
that his disability be reclassified as resulting "from injury," rather than
"from sickness. "

The insurer wouldn't go for it and predictably, when Boly turned 65, the company
cut off his benefits on the ground that his cognitive impairment resulted from a
disease: sleep apnea.

Boly sued for breach of contract but that lawsuit has gone nowhere. An Oregon
trial court granted Paul Revere Life summary judgment. Last week, the Oregon
Court of Appeals upheld that judgment.

The state court of appeals found that Boly's brain damage "cannot plausibly be
called accidental. "

The court said that this was the only conclusion because Boly's "failure to
breathe, and the undiagnosed existence of his sleep apnea, are not 'events' or
'forces' in the same sense as lightning (in the case of being struck) or gravity
(in the case of falling into a hole). "

In explaining why Paul Revere Life had correctly interpreted its insurance
contract in cutting off Boly's benefits, the court said that "the typical
purchaser of insurance, applying his or her common understanding, would regard
[Boly's] disability as analogous to organ failure or damage that results from a
disease that a person catches by (involuntarily) coming into contact with a
contaminated surface or inhaling a fellow airplane passenger's sneezed virus.
Such disabilities do not result from accidental bodily injury, as those terms
are used in normal discourse. " (Boly v. Paul Revere Life Insurance)

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              348 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                           September 20, 2002 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Jeb unveils school plan in visit

BYLINE: Linda Trimble Education Writer

SECTION: A; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 615  words

DATELINE: DAYTONA BEACH SHORES


Gov. Jeb Bush rolled out a plan Thursday to raise $2.8 billion to build 12,000
new classrooms across Florida as he continued to blast a proposed constitutional
amendment that would limit class sizes.

The first-term Republican governor unveiled his Classrooms for Kids program at a
breakfast sponsored by The Chamber, Daytona Beach/ Halifax Area. The plan
quickly drew harsh criticism from Bill McBride, Bush's Democratic challenger in
the November election.

"We're on the right track. We need to stay the course," Bush said at the chamber
breakfast after outlining what he called major improvements in education funding
and student achievement during the last four years.

Bush said his proposal would be a key part of his effort to improve Florida
schools, which he said would be derailed by passage of the class-size amendment
Nov. 5.

The amendment would limit classes to 18 to 25 pupils, depending on grade level,
by adding new classrooms and teachers. State economists estimate the amendment
would cost between $20 billion and $27.5 billion to phase in during eight years
and an additional $2.5 billion annually to maintain the smaller classes.

It would take a tax increase or spending cuts to other "critical" state services
to finance the smaller classes, Bush said, and it would be difficult to find
enough qualified teachers to lead the extra classes.

He predicted passage of the class-size amendment would bring "diminished teacher
quality in Florida and diminished results."

McBride supports the class-size amendment, proposing a 50 cents- per-pack
cigarette tax, sale of bonds backed by lottery revenue and the closing of
sales-tax loopholes, among other things, to pay for it.

Bush said his proposal, which would require the Legislature's approval, would
provide room for smaller classes without a tax increase. It would set aside
money from projected growth in the state sales tax on communications services
during the next five years to pay off $2.8 billion in bonds over the next 20
years.

Volusia School Superintendent Bill Hall, who was in the audience for Bush's
speech Thursday, welcomed the governor's proposal but said he needs more
information before he could fully support it.

Hall said he'd want assurances school districts such as Volusia and Flagler
would not lose state money because their voters had approved sales-tax increases
to pay for school construction. Bush said later those counties would not be
penalized for local support in calculating their share of state money.

McBride accused Bush of reversing course on class-size reduction for political
purposes and borrowing from McBride's proposal to extend the lottery-backed
bonding program ap proved by the Legislature in 1997 to raise school
construction money. Bush said his proposal was inspired by the 1997 program, but
used a different funding source.

"This governor has failed to lead this state," McBride said. "Instead of fixing
the problems of our public schools, he has spent four years attacking them and
offering his failed school-grading plan."

The unveiling of the governor's proposal follows on the heels of a poll
commissioned by the state Democratic Party showing Bush's lead over McBride
narrowing to 5 percent.

The Sept. 13-15 survey of 600 Florida voters -- including 44 percent registered
Democrats and 41 percent registered Republicans -- shows mixed reviews of Bush's
handling of education.

Asked about Bush's efforts to improve education, 45 percent of those polled
described them as excellent or good and 45 percent ranked them poor or not so
good.

The poll carries a margin of error of plus-or-minus 4 percent.

-- Staff Writer Laura Zuckerman contributed to this report.

linda.trimble@news-jrnl.com

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
Caption: Gov. Jeb Bush explains his plans for Florida's education system at a
breakfast Thursday in Daytona Beach Shores, sponsored by The Chamber, Daytona
Beach/Halifax Area. News-Journal/KELLY JORDAN

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2002 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2002 News-Journal Corporation


                              349 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                           September 12, 2014 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

KILLER TEEN THOUGHT VICTIM WAS A 'DEVIL'

BYLINE: RUTH WARRANDER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 202 words


A TEENAGE girl battered a stranger to death because she thought he was possessed
by Satan.

Tinika Campbell, 19 - who bit, head-butted and stamped on her victim - was
branded "extremely dangerous" as she was jailed for life yesterday.

The drug-crazed killer picked on Khalid Kassian Hassan, 36, at random when she
attacked him in his flat. When he tried to escape, she set her pitbull terrier
on him.

Neighbours heard his screams and called cops - who found Campbell kneeling
astride him with her hair matted with blood.

She was head-butting him and stamped on his face before setting the dog on cops
and fleeing.

But she was eventually caught when police Tasered her.

Mr Hassanwas pronounced dead in Longsight, Manchester, in August, 2012.

Campbell, who lived nearby, suffered from schizo-affective disorder, heightened
by her frequent use of cannabis and legal highs. Manchester crown court heard
she believed everybody was possessed by Satan. Campbell, admitted manslaughter
on the grounds of diminished responsibility. She was told to serve at least five
years.

Judge Michael Henshall said: "She can be classed as extremely dangerous. The
culpability is diminished by her mental condition." ruth.warrander@the-sun.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drug-crazed ... Campbell

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN


                    Copyright 2014 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved


                              350 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 5, 2015 Thursday

US Patent granted to US Synthetic Corporation (UT) on March 3 titled as "Method
and system for perceiving a boundary between a first region and a second region
of a superabrasive volume"

LENGTH: 264  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,969,833, on
March 3, 2015, to US Synthetic Corporation (UT), titled as "Method and system
for perceiving a boundary between a first region and a second region of a
superabrasive volume"

Inventors: Gongora; Giovani J. (Provo, UT), Vail; Michael A. (Genola, UT)
Assignee: US Synthetic Corporation (Orem, UT)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Methods of evaluating a superabrasive volume or a superabrasive compact are
disclosed. One method may comprise exposing a superabrasive volume to radiation
and detecting a response of the radiation when it interacts with the
superabrasive volume. In one embodiment, a boundary may be perceived between a
first region and a second region of the superabrasive volume in response to
detecting the response of the radiation. In one particular embodiment, a
boundary between a catalyst-containing region and a catalyst-diminished region
of a polycrystalline diamond volume may be perceived. Additionally, a depth to
which a catalyst-diminished region extends within a polycrystalline diamond
volume of a polycrystalline diamond compact may be measured based on the
monitored response of the radiation. In a further embodiment, a non-planar
boundary between the two regions may be mapped. A system configured to evaluate
a superabrasive volume is also disclosed."

The patent was filed on. December 14, 2012 Application no. 13/714,758

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              351 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                            January 24, 2016 Sunday

Mile High stakes on the line in Pats-Broncos match-up

BYLINE: Sentinel & Enterprise

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 708 words


By David Pevear

DENVER -- His word choice when praising Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton
Manning was interesting. Patriots coach Bill Belichick this past week said he
will never "underestimate" Manning.

It was almost as if the great coach was acknowledging the many reasons his
estimation of Manning might be diminished heading into what is widely speculated
to be the great quarterback's last go-round. Belichick certainly must see what
we the unsophisticated see: Manning is not a great quarterback anymore.

Tom Brady's historic rival is merely an experienced quarterback heading into
today's AFC title game versus the Patriots here at Sports Authority Field at
Mile High. Manning is Alex Smith without the wheels -- and even that is probably
an overestimation.

From the right arm that has launched nearly 72,000 yards of completions over 18
years, footballs now wobble. What we have is a 39-year-old junk-ball pitcher
with a surgically fused neck, as well as rib and foot pains. Manning can break
off a mean-looking curveball into the wind. But that is not something an NFL
quarterback wants to do.

Patriots defenders notice Manning's fastball has lost its giddy-up. They will
not be sitting on that diminished heater, however.

"I'm sure he knows that we're looking at that, too, and I'm sure he's going to
protect that," said Patriots linebacker Dont'a Hightower, ever wary of the mind
of Manning. "We're definitely looking at that, and we're hopefully going to take
advantage of that, too."

Though his body is shot to hell, the Manning football mind whirs on -- Omaha!
Omaha! -- able to audible Denver into favorable situations, particularly in the
running game. And that Broncos running game, with Ronnie Hillman and C.J.
Anderson, is indeed a concern, especially coupled with a top-ranked Denver
defense that figures to keep Tom Brady and the Patriots' reinvigorated offense
in the 20s.

With Brock Osweiler subbing for an injured Manning back in November, the Broncos
rushed for 179 yards and beat New England here in overtime.

"Gave up 179 yards. I mean, that's not where we want to be," Belichick said.

The Patriots that night were without highly impactful inside linebacker Jamie
Collins, who more recently left the divisional-round game versus the Chiefs with
a back injury in the second half. Collins is one of 16 New England players
listed as questionable for today's game.

The Chiefs in the divisional round rushed for 135 yards, except 44 of those
yards were by Smith, their quarterback, something we will not see from Manning,
who, by comparison, makes Brady's running look like American Pharoah's.

So overall it is to the reigning Super Bowl champs' advantage that today will be
Brady-Manning XVII instead of Brady-Osweiler II. Osweiler is by no means swift.
But he can move around. And he can hit the deep ball. Broncos coach Gary Kubiak
will hopefully stick to the doomed Manning plan until it is too late.

Safety Devin McCourty said the Patriots always prepare for the possibility of an
opponent's backup quarterback entering the fray.

"But I think our focus really is on Peyton," McCourty added. "You don't want to
spend too much time (preparing for) a backup and let Peyton go out there and
carve us up."

The wiseguys must also know something about Manning. The Broncos are the AFC's
No. 1 seed. They are a team historically great in the thin air of their home
field, including beating the Patriots here in overtime nine weeks ago. Despite
all that -- as well as the Patriots being just 2-6 in Denver during the
Brady-Belichick Reign of Splendor -- the Patriots are three-point favorites.

"Just playing on the road in the NFL is always a difficult task," Patriots tight
end Rob Gronkowski said. "But we're going on the road into Denver."

Gronkowski's last trip to Denver ended with him being carted off the field with
a right knee injury late in the fourth quarter after he was chopped down by
Broncos safety Darian Stewart.

Look out, Denver, Gronk is back. (And he is bringing Julian Edelman with him
this time.)

Denver is a tough place to play essentially because the Broncos are a tough team
to play against. But the home team saddled with the quarterback who used to be
great will have the tougher time today.

Prediction: Patriots 24, Broncos 20

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              352 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                          November 12, 2008 Wednesday
                                  ROP Edition

Jury awards $20M judgment;
Former paper recycling company owner wins huge payout in suit against Arizona
company

BYLINE: STEVE ADAMS, The Patriot Ledger

SECTION: Business; pg. 14

LENGTH: 344 words


BOSTON - A federal jury awarded a $10.4 million judgment to the former owner of
a Woburn recycling company who claimed he was forced to sell it at a discount to
the Kraft Group of Foxboro after a Phoenix waste hauler reneged on a contract.

Michael Vining of Stoneham, the former owner of Atlantic Packing Inc., was
awarded the damages, which exceed $20 million when interest is included, on
Friday after a three-week trial in U.S. District Court in Boston.

Atlantic processed recyclable paper and cardboard at its Woburn facility until
December 2002.

One of its suppliers, Allied Waste Industries of Phoenix, offered to buy the
company in 2001 for $5.3 million, according to the lawsuit.

The Arizona company subsequently declined to close the deal and indicated it
might seek to renegotiate a lower price for the company, the lawsuit stated. In
December 2002, Allied began diverting paper and cardboard to other companies or
its own facilities, diminishing Atlantic's revenues and profits, the lawsuit
stated.

In diverting the materials, Allied breached a 1995 agreement to take all of its
fiber recycling in Greater Boston and the North Shore to Atlantic for a 10-year
period, attorneys for Atlantic argued.

Vining subsequently sold the business to Woburn Recycling, which is owned by the
Kraft Group of Foxboro, for $3.9 million.

Accounting experts testified that the company's value was diminished by Allied's
acts, said Laurence Johnson, an attorney for Davis, Malm & D'Agostine of Boston,
which represented Atlantic.

The jury assessed damages of $9.3 million in lost profits and over $1 million
for Atlantic's diminished value. Including interest, the damages exceed $20
million.

An Allied Waste spokesman said the company will contest the verdict. "We believe
that there were erroneous rulings by the court at trial which warrant a new
trial or a significant reduction of the damages awarded by the jury, and we
intend to pursue these remedies both in the trial court and, if necessary, on
appeal," spokesman Jim Zeumer said.

Steve Adams may be reached at sadams@ledger.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Patriot Ledger


                              353 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 4, 2016 Thursday

Tennessee: Seniors and Vulnerable Adults Gain Protection through National Act

LENGTH: 523  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Nashville: The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:



 The North American Securities Administrators Association (NASAA) has adopted a
model act designed to protect adults 65 or older, and other populations at
increased risk of diminished capacity or other cognitive impairment, from
financial exploitation.





 The Tennessee Department of Commerce & Insurance's (TDCI) Securities Division
is a member of the NASAA.



 The model, known as an "Act to Protect Vulnerable Adults from Financial
Exploitation," was developed by a special NASAA committee established to tackle
a wide range of challenges confronting senior investors, regulators, and
securities industry professionals.  The model is designed to be enacted by state
governments as legislation or implemented through regulation.



 "This model provides new tools and authorities to help detect and prevent
financial exploitation of seniors and adults with diminished capacity," TDCI
Assistant Commissioner for Securities Frank Borger-Gilligan said. "The model
will make it easier for securities regulators, investment advisers and
brokers-dealers, as well as Adult Protective Services agencies, to work in
partnership to protect our most vulnerable citizens."



 Specifically, the model act:



 Mandates reporting to the state securities regulator and state adult protective
services agency when a qualified individual such as a securities broker or
investment adviser has a reasonable belief that financial exploitation of an
eligible adult has been attempted or has occurred.



 Enables broker-dealers or investment advisers to impose an initial delay of
disbursements from an account of an eligible adult for up to 15 business days if
financial exploitation is suspected.  The delay can be extended for an
additional 10 days at the request of either the state securities regulator or
adult protective services.



 Provides immunity from administrative or civil liability for broker-dealers and
investment advisers for taking actions including delaying disbursements as
permitted under the act.



 Requires qualified individuals such as securities brokers or investment
advisers to provide records that are relevant to the suspected or attempted
financial exploitation to government authorities.



 Authorizes notification to third parties only in instances where an eligible
adult has previously designated the third party to whom the disclosure may be
made. Importantly, the model act directs that disclosure may not be made to the
third party if the qualified individual suspects the third part of the financial
exploitation.



 The model act applies to adults age 65 and older and individuals who qualify
for protection under a state adult protective services statute. The model act
defines "qualified individual" as broker-dealer agents; investment adviser
representatives; those who serve in a supervisory, compliance, or legal capacity
for broker-dealers and investment advisers; and any independent contractors that
may be fulfilling any of those roles.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              354 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                           The Aberdeen Times (Idaho)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 10, 2010

Altered river flows across U.S. lead to ecological degradation

BYLINE: The Aberdeen Times staff

LENGTH: 658  words


The amount of water flowing in streams and rivers has been significantly altered
in nearly 90 percent of waters that were assessed in a new nationwide USGS
study. Flow alterations are a primary contributor to degraded river ecosystems
and loss of native species.

"This USGS assessment provides the most geographically extensive analysis to
date of stream flow alteration," said Bill Werkheiser, USGS Associate Director
for Water. "Findings show the pervasiveness of stream flow alteration resulting
from land and water management, the significant impact of altered stream flow on
aquatic organisms, and the importance of considering this factor for sustaining
and restoring the health of the Nation's streams and ecosystems."

Flows are altered by a variety of land-and water-management activities,
including reservoirs, diversions, subsurface tile drains, groundwater
withdrawals, wastewater inputs, and impervious surfaces, such as parking lots,
sidewalks and roads.

"Altered river flows lead to the loss of native fish and invertebrate species
whose survival and reproduction are tightly linked to specific flow conditions,"
said Daren Carlisle, USGS ecologist and lead scientist on this study. "These
consequences can also affect water quality, recreational opportunities and the
maintenance of sport fish populations."

For example, in streams with severely diminished flow, native trout, a popular
sport fish that requires fast-flowing streams with gravel bottoms, are replaced
by less desirable non-native species, such as carp. Overall, the USGS study
indicated that streams with diminished flow contained aquatic communities that
prefer slow moving currents more characteristic of lake or pond habitats.

"Management practices related to water demand continue to alter stream flows in
many places," said Jeff Ostermiller, Water Quality Manager with the Utah
Division of Water Quality. "Understanding the ecological effects of these flow
alterations helps water managers develop effective strategies to ensure that
water remains sufficiently clean and abundant to support fisheries and
recreation opportunities, while simultaneously supporting economic development."

Annual and seasonal cycles of water flows -- particularly the low and high flows
-- shape ecological processes in rivers and streams. An adequate minimum flow is
important to maintain suitable water conditions and habitat for fish and other
aquatic life. High flows are important because they replenish floodplains and
flush out accumulated sediment that can degrade habitat.

"While this study provided the first, national assessment of flow alteration,
focused studies within specific geographic regions will provide a better
understanding of the ecological effects of altered stream flows, which can be
more effectively applied to local water management challenges," said Carlisle.

The severity and type of stream flow alteration varies among regions, due to
natural landscape features, land practices, degree of development, and water
demand. Differences are especially large between arid and wet climates. In wet
climates, watershed management is often focused on flood control, which can
result in lower maximum flows and higher minimum flows. Extremely low flows are
the greatest concern in arid climates, in large part due to groundwater
withdrawals and high water use for irrigation.

The study identified over 1,000 unin> paired streams to use as reference points
to create stream flow models. The models were applied to estimate expected flows
for 2,888 additional streams where the USGS had flow monitoring gauges from
1980-2007. The estimated values for the 2,888 streams were compared to actual,
measured flows to determine the degree to which streams have been altered.

This study was conducted by the USGS National Water-Quality Assessment Program,
which has assessed the physical, chemical and biological characteristics of
streams and rivers across the nation since 1991.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Environment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ABD

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2010 The Aberdeen Times


                              355 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                 The Power County Press (American Falls, Idaho)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 10, 2010

Altered river flows across U.S. lead to ecological degradation

BYLINE: The Power County Press staff

LENGTH: 658  words


The amount of water flowing in streams and rivers has been significantly altered
in nearly 90 percent of waters that were assessed in a new nationwide USGS
study. Flow alterations are a primary contributor to degraded river ecosystems
and loss of native species.

"This USGS assessment provides the most geographically extensive analysis to
date of stream flow alteration," said Bill Werkheiser, USGS Associate Director
for Water. "Findings show the pervasiveness of stream flow alteration resulting
from land and water management, the significant impact of altered stream flow on
aquatic organisms, and the importance of considering this factor for sustaining
and restoring the health of the Nation's streams and ecosystems."

Flows are altered by a variety of land - and water-management activities,
including reservoirs, diversions, subsurface tile drains, groundwater
withdrawals, wastewater inputs, and impervious surfaces, such as parking lots,
sidewalks and roads.

"Altered river flows lead to the loss of native fish and invertebrate species
whose survival and reproduction are tightly linked to specific flow conditions,"
said Daren Carlisle, USGS ecologist and lead scientist on this study. "These
consequences can also affect water quality, recreational opportunities and the
maintenance of sport fish populations."

For example, in streams with severely diminished flow, native trout, a popular
sport fish that requires fast-flowing streams with gravel bottoms, are replaced
by less desirable non-native species, such as carp. Overall, the USGS study
indicated that streams with diminished flow contained aquatic communities that
prefer slow moving currents more characteristic of lake or pond habitats.

"Management practices related to water demand continue to alter stream flows in
many places," said Jeff Oster-miller, Water Quality Manager with the Utah
Division of Water Quality. "Understanding the ecological effects of these flow
alterations helps water managers develop effective strategies to ensure that
water remains sufficiently clean and abundant to support fisheries and
recreation opportunities, while simultaneously supporting economic development."

Annual and seasonal cycles of water flows -- particularly the low and high flows
-- shape ecological processes in rivers and streams. An adequate minimum flow is
important to maintain suitable water conditions and habitat for fish and other
aquatic life. High flows are important because they replenish floodplains and
flush out accumulated sediment that can degrade habitat.

"While this study provided the first, national assessment of flow alteration,
focused studies within specific geographic regions will provide a better
understanding of the ecological effects of altered stream flows, which can be
more effectively applied to local water management challenges," said Carlisle.

The severity and type of stream flow alteration varies among regions, due to
natural landscape features, land practices, degree of development, and water
demand. Differences are especially large between arid and wet climates. In wet
climates, watershed management is often focused on flood control, which can
result in lower maximum flows and higher minimum flows. Extremely low flows are
the greatest concern in arid climates, in large part due to groundwater
withdrawals and high water use for irrigation.

The study identified over 1,000 unimpaired streams to use as reference points to
create stream flow models. The models were applied to estimate expected flows
for 2,888 additional streams where the USGS had flow monitoring gauges from
1980-2007. The estimated values for the 2,888 streams were compared actual,
measured flows to determine the degree to which streams have been altered. This
study was conducted by the USGS National Water-Quality Assessment Program, which
has assessed the physical, chemical and biological characteristics of streams
and rivers across the nation since 1991.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Natural Resources

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PWR

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2010 The Power County Press


                              356 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                            April 27, 2011 Wednesday

Commentary: Schaefer's Baltimore - and ours

BYLINE: Editorial Advisory Board

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 1427  words


William Donald Schaefer was laid to rest on Wednesday. Although he served as
governor and comptroller of Maryland, he will be remembered best for the job he
loved most, being mayor of Baltimore. This year marks the 40th anniversary of
his initial election as mayor and the 25th anniversary of his resignation to
become governor. His death and the anniversaries give us an occasion to reflect
on his Baltimore legacy and the future of the city.

Mayor Schaefer never was satisfied. As soon as one project got under way, he
started to push for the next one. His impatience was legendary. As we look
around Baltimore today, especially downtown Baltimore, we are not satisfied. The
central business district is showing clear signs of decline. Redevelopment
projects on both sides of downtown are stalled.

The Baltimore that William Donald Schaefer faced when he was elected mayor in
1971 was in a precarious state. Although Baltimore had made great strides in the
1950s and 1960s with projects such as slum clearance and Charles Center,
Baltimore's psyche was shaken by the 1968 riots following the assassination of
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., and flight to the suburbs was palpable.

Into the fore stepped a bachelor who still lived in his childhood home in a
neighborhood that many middle-class residents had fled. William Donald Schaefer
was not able to turn around the forces of suburbanization and
deindustrialization that were impacting Baltimore. But, he brought Baltimore
back from the brink with both a vision that Baltimore could reinvigorate itself
and a devotion to the details, such as potholes and trash removal, that are
important in the day-to-day life of citizens.

Diminished resources

Downtown Baltimore was a much better place in 1986 when Mayor Schaefer left for
Annapolis than it was in 1971 when he became mayor. Baltimore has built upon the
successes of the Schaefer years. In the last 25 years, two modern stadiums have
been built (facilitated by then-Governor Schaefer), Inner Harbor East has risen
from vacant lots and both the University of Maryland and Johns Hopkins Hospital
campuses have grown dramatically in the last generation. Many professionals,
especially those in their 20s and 30s, have opted to live in the city rather
than the suburbs.

But, Baltimore, especially the central core of downtown, has had significant
reverses in recent years. Hopkins Plaza, with the abandoned Mechanic Theatre, is
a ghost town. Charles Street between Lombard and Fayette streets, once the
center of downtown activity, is full of empty storefronts. Office vacancies are
at record levels and several large buildings are completely empty. And,
Baltimore's population decline has continued even when neighboring cities, such
as Philadelphia and Washington, D.C., have seen their populations increase
between the 2000 and 2010 censuses.

Schaefer had many resources available to him that either do not exist today or
are vastly diminished. He was able to tap into millions of dollars in state and
federal funds and rely on the leaders of a still vibrant business community.
Although Baltimore always will be the recipient of state and federal largesse,
the ability and desire of the state and federal governments to ship truckloads
of dollars to Baltimore is a thing of the past. The businesses whose leaders
supported Mayor Schaefer's projects either have been acquired by out-of-town
entities (e.g., Maryland National Bank, USF&G, the Rouse Company) or no longer
exist (e.g., the four Baltimore department stores). Industrial employers, such
as Bethlehem Steel and General Motors, that provided jobs with decent wages and
benefits for generations of Baltimoreans, are shadows of their former selves.

Mayor Schaefer was not without his critics. In 1983, he faced his most
significant mayoral election challenge from former Baltimore City Circuit Judge
William H. "Billy" Murphy, Jr. Murphy's campaign theme was that there were "Two
Baltimores" - the sparkling downtown that Schaefer touted and the other, poor
and underserved Baltimore.

In 1986, Schaefer had a spirited challenge from then-Attorney General Stephen H.
Sachs for the Democratic nomination for governor. Sachs' campaign pointed out
that Schaefer's accomplishments were just a thin veneer over Baltimore's
enduring problems. Crime was an issue in the 1970s and 1980s, just as it is
today. The drugs may be different, but Baltimore always has had significant
drug-fueled crime. No mayor alone can solve Baltimore's, or the United States'
drug problems. But, he or she must find a way to deal with the many ills that
poverty and drugs inflict upon Baltimore.

No magic answers

As we look around today, we see several issues that must be addressed if
Baltimore, especially downtown Baltimore, is going to thrive. First and foremost
are crime and taxes. The "other Baltimore" is a continuing and growing
impediment to any redevelopment in Baltimore. It is no coincidence that the
Baltimore neighborhoods that are thriving largely have barriers that protect
them from the high crime areas of the city. The increasing crime in the central
business district scares off not only people who might stay downtown after dark,
but it also causes businesses and prospective employees to think twice about
coming downtown at all.

The tax burden also is a significant factor in a business's decision to locate
in the city or elsewhere. Baltimore's real property tax rate is more than twice
the rate of any other jurisdiction in Maryland.

If a young, reincarnated William Donald Schaefer were to be mayor of Baltimore
today, he or she would not be able to use the same playbook that the original
William Donald Schaefer used. But, there is much about Mayor Schaefer that his
successor and those who aspire to the job could emulate.

Mayor Schaefer was a master of public relations and hype. As much as we may
laugh at his antics, they did have a positive effect on the psyche of a city
that truly was depressed after the 1968 riots. Would Pink Positive Day work in
the 21st Century? Would "Trash Ball, A Neat Game, A Neat City" catch on today?
Maybe not. But, positive publicity can go a long way to changing self-fulfilling
perceptions of doom. Chrysler's paean to Detroit that was broadcast during the
Super Bowl this year is a good example.

"Do it NOW" was William Donald Schaefer's motto. There were times when "Do it
NOW" caused problems later, such as the building of the light rail with a single
track rather than building it right from the start with a double track. But, for
the most part, "Do it NOW" served William Donald Schaefer and the people of
Baltimore well. Today, many projects are impeded in regulatory and bureaucratic
red tape.

To wish for another William Donald Schaefer is as futile as wishing for a return
of streetcars passing by Abe Sherman's kiosk in front of the Battle Monument or
the "Barnes Dance" in front of Hecht's, Hochschild's, Hutzler's and Stewart's at
Howard and Lexington Streets. Although vestiges of yesteryear Baltimore sketched
by Gabrielle DeVeaux Clements and photographed by A. Aubrey Bodine still are
with us, each generation must make its own vision of Baltimore a reality.
William Donald Schaefer had a vision for Baltimore and largely made it work.

As we enter the campaign season for the 2011 municipal elections, we would like
to hear what the candidates envision for the future of Baltimore and how they
expect to accomplish it. We do not have any magic answers, but we believe that
any successful program must include a focus on fighting crime, lowering taxes
and making an overgrown and ineffective bureaucracy responsive to the needs of
those who want to invest, build and live in Baltimore.

We also recognize that lowered taxes means fewer resources for funding municipal
functions. Perhaps we are asking the candidates to pull rabbits out of their
hats or perform other magic tricks. But, William Donald Schaefer pulled more
than one rabbit out of his hat during his life of public service. No one in the
summer of 1968 would have believed that more than a million people would come
downtown a few years later for something called a "City Fair. " Few believed
that abandoned houses sold for $1.00 would be worth hundreds of thousands of
dollars a few years later.

William Donald Schaefer's love of Baltimore and his confidence in its future
were contagious. Here's to hoping that his memory will inspire today's aspiring
leaders, and those of us who comment from the sidelines, to regain that
confidence and help Baltimore regain the momentum of the late 1970s and 1980s.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              357 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                             July 21, 2016 Thursday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

TRUMP'S LEGACY: A PARTY TRANSFORMED

BYLINE: ALEX LEARY, TIMES WASHINGTON BUREAU CHIEF

SECTION: NATIONAL; REPUBLICAN NATIONAL CONVENTION: DAY 3; GOP; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1067 words

DATELINE: CLEVELAND



HIGHLIGHT: Will he be a positive change for the party, or leave it deeply
damaged?


Donald Trump hasn't just won the Republican nomination. He has conquered the
Republican Party.

Forcing it in different directions on trade, foreign policy, entitlements and
other issues. Hardening the party's position on immigration at a time when party
leaders are desperate to reach new voters.

"Donald Trump respects us enough to tell us the hard truths about what has
happened to our country - on issues like immigration, trade, and our diminished
status around the world - even in the face of unfair criticism and sheer
hatred," radio host Laura Ingraham told convention delegates Wednesday night.
"They had their chance. Now, it's our chance."

As Trump accepts the presidential nomination tonight, a fierce debate is being
waged over whether his role is positive or a crushing setback that would take
time to reverse even if he loses in November.

"It won't be easy," said Peter Wehner, a leading conservative voice who served
in the last three Republican administrations. "He's such a malicious and
malignant force and such a vivid personality and his attacks are so cruel and
crude and so personal, it's going to take a long time to clean that stain from
the Republican Party. But Republican primary voters brought this on themselves."

Just as passionate are people who say Trump is upending a party that lost touch
with ordinary Americans, catering instead to big business and lobbyists, and
became so ideologically rigid that a slate of presidential candidates in 2012
refused a hypothetical deal providing $10 in government spending reductions for
every $1 in tax increases. Wehner credits Trump for potentially breaking this
"intellectual sclerosis."

The most apparent shift on display in Cleveland is trade.

Trump has pummeled multi-nation deals, including the pending Trans-Pacific
Partnership, as a raw deal for American workers. Free trade has long been a
cornerstone of the GOP, but it has been diminished as part of the platform
adopted for the convention here.

Many other Republicans have moved in Trump's direction. Sen. Marco Rubio of
Florida was a staunch proponent of TPP but now says he is undecided. Rubio
appeared at the convention Wednesday night - but by video from Florida,
illustrating the balancing act he and other Republicans are seeking with their
unconventional leader.

Defenders say Trump only wants better deals and that the position is among the
ways he is broadening the party's appeal. "He has tapped into the blue-collar
worker in a way that has been very difficult for Republicans to do," said U.S.
Rep. Jeff Miller of Pensacola.

That reach - overwhelmingly to white males - has given Trump inroads in states
such as Pennsylvania and Ohio and provides a potential, if narrow, path to
victory without capturing the nation's biggest swing state, Florida.

"He's talking about globalism and outsourcing jobs. It's a refreshing thing,"
said Richard DeNapoli, a lawyer and Florida delegate who had been a supporter of
Jeb Bush before turning to Trump. "Both parties have talked about these issues,
but what's happening is more and more outsourcing, more decline in U.S.
manufacturing, more wage stagnation."

But the lack of specific ideas from Trump has alarmed Republican detractors, who
say he is exploiting angst over the economy and fears about immigrants.

"Despite my deep disagreements with him, he deserves credit for identifying some
fractures within the Republican Party and using those for his advantage,
particularly under the umbrella of what I would call white grievances," said Tim
Miller, a spokesman for Bush's presidential campaign who helped lead an effort
to stop Trump from getting the nomination.

That failed, of course, signaling Trump's strength even as he challenges
longtime GOP orthodoxy. His outspokenness and personality have often eclipsed
policy. Ask delegates why they like him and they are quick to say it's because
he has blown up political correctness.

"While some people have the view that it's best we get united, we all get in
line and hope we can fix this for the next election cycle, I don't share that,"
Miller said. "Even if Trump is nominated, it's important that there is a clear
signal to the country that there is a vocal objection in the party to where
Trump is trying to take us."

Trump has called for the United States to reassess its role in NATO and has said
other countries should be left to fight their own battles, departing from the
long-held foreign policy views of mainstream Republicans. At the same time he
has called for taking out ISIS, one of several mixed messages he has offered.

He has displayed more nuance on Israel, and the convention platform softened a
stance on Russia, whose leader, Vladimir Putin, Trump has praised for his
strongman attitude.

For years Republicans have sought to change Social Security and Medicare
entitlements, but Trump has been critical of such efforts. He has sent mixed
signals on raising the minimum wage. He floated a proposal to raise taxes on the
wealthy but backed away. Such inconsistencies are also fueling the division over
Trump in the GOP.

He has been in favor of the use of eminent domain to seize property. What's
more, Trump has not shown much interest in cultural or moral issues that have
defined the GOP.

On immigration, Trump hasn't changed the party as much as intensified a stance
that called for tougher enforcement over other reforms to a system everyone
agrees is broken. Trump's calls for a giant wall on the border with Mexico have
come with heated rhetoric about immigrants, including Muslims.

As a result, Trump is performing worse among Hispanics than Mitt Romney did as
the GOP nominee in 2012.

More than anything the issue has sustained his campaign. Dismissed by the
establishment and the media, Trump rode the issue through state after state, and
it remains a powerful motivator for his fans.

"Mr. Trump has no problem with immigration. That's the media. Mr. Trump has a
problem with illegal immigration," said Sandy King, 56, a delegate from Penn
Yan, N.Y. "The Syrian refugees - there's no way to check these people. We've had
San Bernardino. We've had Orlando. It only takes one to come in here and do
horrible damage.

"They say he's taking the party in a direction that's bad. We say it's a
revolution. Look at who is getting involved. It's everyday folks because we have
somebody who is hearing us."

Contact Alex Leary at aleary@tampabay.com Follow @learyreports.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - Associated Press: Amir Khafagy, left, who identifies as a
liberal, from Queens, N.Y., argues Wednesday with Trump supporter Gary Greenberg
at the Public Square in Cleveland. PHOTO - Getty Images: Gov. Mike Pence,
center, Donald Trump and their families arrive in downtown Cleveland by
helicopter before the vice presidential pick spoke Wednesday night. PHOTO - Alex
Leary - Times: Delegate Sandy King, 56, of Penn Yan, N.Y., says, "They say he's
taking the party in a direction that's bad. We say it's a revolution."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2016 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              358 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            February 27, 2009 Friday
                                 Metro Edition

Defense: Autism played role in Craigslist killing;
The prosecution says the trial isn't about the suspect's mental state - which
his lawyer likened to Mr. Spock's.

BYLINE: ABBY SIMONS, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 737 words


A jury should know that mild autism is responsible for a murder suspect's
apparent lack of remorse for killing a woman who responded to his online ad for
a babysitter, his lawyer argued Thursday in Scott County court.

Defense attorney Alan Margoles stopped short of saying that Michael John
Anderson's Asperger's Syndrome was responsible for his decision to shoot
Katherine Ann Olson in October 2007. But it is the cause of his demeanor and
apparent lack of remorse, including a statement made to police shortly after his
arrest that he thought the killing "would be funny," Margoles said. If that
evidence is not presented to a jury, Anderson will be denied his due process
rights, Margoles said.

Scott County prosecutors said the defense should not be allowed to make
assertions about Anderson's mental state during his upcoming trial. Under
Minnesota law, determinations about mental state can only be made in a separate
trial following a conviction.

Anderson looked on as Margoles compared him to Mr. Spock, the iconic character
from the "Star Trek" films and television series.

"While Captain Kirk had the full gamut of human emotions, Mr. Spock had none,"
Margoles said. "He operated purely on logic. No sympathy, no empathy. Regret,
but no remorse. Mr. Spock was civil, but not kind. Thoughtful and distant but
not cold. He thought differently than others on the ship, but he did not have
diminished capacity."

According to Mayo Clinic, Asperger's Syndrome, also known as Asperger's
Disorder, is classified as a mild form of autism characterized by obsessions
with complex topics, odd mannerisms, and problems with social skills and
communication.

Whether Anderson has Asperger's is in dispute. A doctor hired by the defense
diagnosed him as having Asperger's. Two doctors for the prosecution said he does
not.

District Court Judge Mary Theisen is expected to rule on the motion before jury
selection begins March 16 in Anderson's first-degree murder trial.

Anderson, 20, allegedly lured Olson, 24, to his home in Savage on Oct. 25, 2007,
by posing on Craigslist as a woman needing a babysitter. When Olson answered the
ad, he shot her in the back before hiding her body in the trunk of her car,
which was found parked in a Burnsville park.

After his arrest, Anderson made statements to police including, "I thought it
would be funny" and "I didn't kill her, the bullet did."

During the hearing Thursday to address several motions before the trial,
Margoles withdrew a motion for a mental illness defense and entered a plea of
not guilty. In entering the plea, Margoles acknowledged that Anderson held the
gun when it went off, killing Olson, but would not say it was intentional.

He argued that Asperger's was directly related to the accidental firing of the
weapon, because those with the disorder are often physically clumsy. It also
affected Anderson's demeanor afterward and in court, he said.

Scott County prosecutors contended at the hearing that Asperger's is considered
a diminished capacity defense, meaning that though a defendant is not insane,
the person could not fully comprehend the nature of his or her act.

Assistant County Attorney Michael Groh argued that not only does Anderson not
have Asperger's but that the defense is simply trying to skirt the law through
giving diminished capacity another name.

"It goes to the very nature of diminished capacity, i.e., `I didn't know what I
was doing, I didn't know it was wrong,'" Groh said. "It's a diminished capacity
definition no matter which way they want to talk about it. You're insane or
you're sane, there's no in between. And anything like that allowed in this court
would be contrary to Minnesota precedent."

Margoles countered the prosecution's argument by saying that those with
Asperger's are not of diminished capacity, and are of average or higher
intelligence. Instead, he said, Anderson was of "different capacity."

Judge Theisen did not yet rule on the motion, but expressed doubts about
Margoles' argument as a whole. She mulled aloud whether the portion of the
argument that physical symptoms caused Anderson to accidentally pull the trigger
could be admissible.

"You can be sure I'm not going to act contrary to Minnesota statutes, but where
I'm having that question is where that line is drawn -- where is the line
between diminished capacity and this testimony, especially as it pertains to
physical ability?" she said.

Abby Simons - 612-673-4921

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              359 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                              July 18, 2008 Friday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

PUBLIC FORUM

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 703 words


Dropout law

Re ``Dropouts soar'' (July 17):

How about changing the law so a child cannot drop out of school before age 18?
There's a start.

The truth is, if it's legal, kids will do it. So make it illegal, then children
-- and I call them children intentionally, as 16- and 17-year-olds don't have
the maturity or cognitive ability to see the consequences of their actions
clearly -- won't see it as an option.

-- ``CHIEROMANCER''

Los Angeles

via dailynews.com

The perfect storm

Re ``Dropouts soar'' (July 17):

The California public-education system (a microcosm of many inner-city systems
nationwide) is the perfect storm for failure: high illegal
immigration/non-English-speaking households, poor, single-parent families,
latchkey home environments, video games as baby sitters, low/diminished
education budgets that cut curriculum and after-school projects and the abysmal
failures of No Child Left Behind, which was not implemented correctly, but
rather allowed teachers to spend all day instructing on how to pass an exam.

If there is not an overhaul to the education system in this country, coupled
with parents putting education first (as our immigrant parents and grandparents
did and many Asian families still do preach), we will be a significantly
diminished country in the next two to three generations.

-- ``D YANG''

Irvine

via dailynews.com

No good news

Open the newspaper and what we see is: 1) Run on IndyMac bank, 2)Bush lifts
oil-drilling ban 3) InBev takes over Busch (for a moment, I hoped Inbev was
going to take over President Bush!) 4) Bush pulls away the National Guard from
the border, leaving it wide open (wide as our deficit) to everyone who wanted to
walk across. And that was only Tuesday.

-- DANTE F. ROCHETTI

West Hills

Can't trump greed

Re ``InBev takes over Busch'' (July 15):

I love it. The most American of companies has done the most American of things
-- sold out to the highest bidder. Not even national pride can trump good
old-fashioned greed. Way to go, Anheuser-Busch. Way to set a great example for
all citizens of America. Anything is for sale, if the price is right.

-- SCOTT W. HUGHES

Westlake Village

No mercy

Re ``Release denied for Manson follower'' (July 16):

A compassionate release for Susan Atkins is wrong. She murdered Sharon Tate by
stabbing her 16 times until she died. The death penalty was not enforced so she
got life in prison. She has been in prison for 37 years and has been married
twice with conjugal visits.

They say, show mercy. Where did she show mercy? She is getting good medical care
for her cancer. What about the poor person who has no medical care? They have
not broken the law. Where is the mercy there?

Let her die in prison. Save the money for the poor.

-- SUNNY RASKY

West Hills

All yours

It is reported that July 16 is the cost-of-government day, meaning that for 197
days, all your income would be going for the cost of running federal, state and
local government via tax. Thankfully you can start working for yourself now.

But imagine if we elect a president who wants to create new entitlement
programs, which means new taxes. How many more days will we have to work to pay
the bill?

If government wasn't so kind as to only tax half your money each pay period, but
wanted their money from Day One, you would have had to live for 197 days without
getting a penny for working.

-- BARRY LEVY

Hawthorne

Brett the best QB

Re ``Enjoying Favre's latest scramble'' (July 17):

I am a loyal, dedicated, lifelong Packer backer from Southern California. Yet I
have often been one of Brett Favre's biggest critics, even back in the mid-1990s
when he was in his prime. He has always made me nervous, and often angry, with
his ``pants on fire'' style of play. He was often too risky, in my opinion, but
when he managed to pull something off, it was always so thrilling.

Any honest football fan would admit Brett is still one of the best quarterbacks
in the NFL. I think it is absolutely unfair to the fans, the Packers
team/organization, Brett and Aaron Rodgers to place Brett in a position to
either play backup quarterback or stay retired. The only fair thing to do is
reinstate Brett and allow all four quarterbacks to fairly battle it out for
starting position.

-- RHONDA PEREZ

Woodland Hills

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Letters to the editor

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              360 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Ottumwa Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 2, 2009 Wednesday

Glascock hearing scheduled for Oct. 26: Judge orders psychiatric evaluation in
murder case

BYLINE: Matt Milner, Ottumwa Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 402 words


Sep. 2--CENTERVILLE -- Attorneys for the Cincinnati man accused of killing his
wife in July are laying the groundwork for a possible insanity defense.

Jackie Glascock Sr., 66, faces a first-degree murder charge in the July 12 death
of Doretta Glascock, his estranged wife. Authorities went to her home in rural
Cincinnati on that day and found her dead of a gunshot wound. Jackie Glascock
was laying nearby with injuries from a self-inflicted gunshot.

Charges against Glascock were filed in late August, some six weeks after the
shootings.

The defense asked the court last week to allow a psychiatric evaluation and
listed several reasons for the request. Those reasons included "diminished
responsibility, insanity defense and competency to stand trial." A judge agreed,
ordering the evaluation and setting a hearing on it for Oct. 26.

The points in the defense request cover several different options. An insanity
defense could admit Glascock killed his wife but ask the jury to declare he was
insane at the time. Such a finding absolves the defendant of legal guilt.

Diminished responsibility is similar but seeks declaration of mitigating
circumstances. Attorneys arguing diminished responsibility contend their client
had a limited capacity to think or make decisions at the time a crime occurred.
That is important because the intent of the defendant is a key element in
determining first-degree murder cases.

Competency is a related issue but comes into play far earlier in the legal
process than either of the two defenses. U.S. law requires defendants be able to
understand the charges against them and assist in their defense. An inability to
do so can result in a finding that the defendant is incompetent to stand trial.

Defendants cannot be tried if a court deems them incompetent, though trial may
be held if the court later finds the defendant has regained competency.

Glascock faces a life sentence if convicted.

Matt Milner can be reached at (641) 683-5359 or via e-mail at mwmilner@mchsi.com

To see more of Ottumwa Courier or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ottumwacourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Ottumwa Courier, Iowa
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090902-OT-Glascock-hearing-scheduled-for-Oct-26-0902

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OT


                                 Copyright 2009


                              361 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             May 21, 2015 Thursday

Pensions aren't reason we need tax increase

BYLINE: By Ralph Martire Guest columnist

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 709 words


It's relieving to know that, as a matter of Illinois state constitutional law,
words in the English language actually have the meanings identified in the
dictionary. Which is really what the Illinois Supreme Court ruled when it held
that the "pension reform" legislation of 2013 was unconstitutional.

That law attempted to reduce the significant -- as in currently north of $100
billion significant -- unfunded liability in the five state pension systems, by
cutting benefits of current workers and retirees. That's verboten, because
Article XIII, Section 5, of the Illinois Constitution specifically provides that
public pension benefits in Illinois "shall not be diminished or impaired."

Emphasizing the constitution's "plain and unambiguous language," the Supreme
Court found that "the clause means precisely what it says: if something
qualifies as a [pension] benefit ... it cannot be diminished or impaired." Score
that as a win for Merriam-Webster.

So does this decision mean Illinois will have to raise taxes? No. See,
regardless of how the Supreme Court ruled, Illinois has actually needed to raise
taxes for decades. Indeed, the state's outsized unfunded pension liability isn't
the cause of Illinois' fiscal problems, but rather a very significant
consequence of its poorly designed tax policy.

Here's why. Back in FY1994, the aggregate unfunded liability across all five
state systems was $17 billion. Which sounds like peanuts given the size of the
problem today, but it meant the systems were only 37 percent funded, a long cry
from the 80 percent recognized as healthy.

And the reason Illinois had accrued $17 billion in pension debt in FY1994 had
nothing to do with generous benefits. Instead, it had everything to do with
debt. Even then, the state's flawed tax policy wasn't working in the modern
economy.

In fact, there's been a long-standing imbalance between revenue growth and
service cost growth, which prevents Illinois from sustaining the same level of
services from year-to-year.

This in turn creates a real challenge for politicians, because $9 out of $10 the
state spends on services goes to education, health care, social services, and
public safety. Cutting those core services every year is hardly a blueprint for
re-election (or good public policy, for that matter).

That said, raising taxes always scares politicos, no matter how rational or
needed the tax increase would be. So decision-makers consistently chose a third,
irresponsible path: using the pension systems like a credit card -- by diverting
revenue that should have funded the normal cost of retirement benefits to
instead fund current services.

This avoided the need to make draconian service cuts or distasteful tax
increases, while allowing constituents to consume services without paying the
full cost thereof in taxes. It also became such a political crutch that the
practice of borrowing from what was owed the pensions to fund services was
codified into law as part of the 1995 pension "funding ramp."

This so-called "funding ramp" so aggressively borrowed against the pensions,
that it ballooned the unfunded liability from $17 billion in FY1994 to $54
billion in 2008 -- when the Great Recession hit and financial markets crashed.

It accomplished this boondoggle by using an amortization schedule that was so
backloaded it resembled a ski slope, calling for annual payments in excess of
$16 billion in out years. And it's this goofy debt repayment schedule that's
causing problems.

Now that we know the Illinois Constitution means what it says -- benefits can't
be cut -- the best, indeed the only viable and constitutional solution going
forward, is replacing the current backloaded repayment schedule with a longer,
level dollar amortization that: permits payment of all retirement benefits when
due; increases the funded ratio to a point that's considered healthy; and is
affordable, so bond rating agencies have confidence the payments will actually
be made.

Oh, Illinois still has to raise taxes so it finally has the means to sustain
core services without irresponsibly borrowing to pay for them.

Ralph Martire, rmartire@ctbaonline.org, is executive director of the Center for
Tax and Budget Accountability, a bi-partisan fiscal policy think tank based in
Chicago.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ralph Martire

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              362 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                           September 14, 2009 Monday

After reporting to Sens camp, Heatley gets his wish

BYLINE: The Canadian Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 843  words


OTTAWA - Disgruntled winger Dany Heatley finally got his wish Saturday - a
one-way ticket out of Ottawa.

The former 50-goal scorer was traded to the San Jose Sharks, along with a
fifth-round pick in 2010 for forwards Jonathan Cheechoo and Milan Michalek and a
second-round 2010 pick.

"It's a deal that we talked about throughout the summer, although Michalek came
in late," Sens GM Bryan Murray said after announcing the deal some six hours
into the first day of training camp.

"I talked to Dany (on Friday) and he was adamant that he wanted to be moved. And
we felt based on that, more than anything, that we should get the value that we
could get for him and move on. What we care about are the guys that are in our
room and we feel that this makes the core group know where they are going
forward."

Essentially the deal offers a new start to both Heatley and Cheechoo, whose
goal-scoring has diminished in recent season. Mostly, however, it removes a
black cloud about the Senators' organization.

After news leaked in June that Heatley had requested a trade, the Calgary native
was silent until late August when he talked to the media just prior to the
Canadian Olympic team's orientation camp. Heatley said then he wanted out
because of reduced ice time and a perceived diminished role with the club.

He provided little further insight Saturday.

"There's some personal things that (happened) and I feel a change was the best
thing," Heatley said. "I don't think I did anything wrong asking for a trade. I
had my reasons and if people think different of me that's fine but I feel I've
done nothing wrong and I'm happy to move on."

He did say he had been unhappy in Ottawa dating back to last season, and that
he's happy to move on.

"I'm excited to be a Shark. I want to thank the City of Ottawa, I had a great
four years here but now the organization and myself can move on," Heatley said.

Murray said it has been a long summer for everyone and now it's time to look to
the future.

"What we should care about is the core of this hockey team and how we can help
the guys become a competitive team again and show the fans that people care
about being here, and want to be here. I felt we had to do it."

Murray spoke with Senators owner Eugene Melnyk who told his GM: "if this is a
deal you feel will make our team better or make the room better - do it."

For his part, San Jose GM Doug Wilson is more than ready to welcome Heatley to
the Shark Tank. Wilson said he'd spoke with Murray for months and is happy to
finally get the deal done.

"There aren't many guys in the league that have (Heatley's) skill set," said
Wilson. "To be able to score 50 goals in this league, to be a type of player
selected to come to the camp for probably the hardest team in the world to make
which is the Canadian Olympic team . . .

"When you get a player of this calibre it can only make you better. And
especially a highly motivated player, and especially a guy that's just coming
into his prime at this age."

Wilson also made it clear he doesn't expect Heatley to ask for a trade from San
Jose in the future. Heatley was drafted by Atlanta in 2000 but requested a trade
from the Thrashers in September 2003 after a car accident that resulted in the
death of former teammate Dan Syder.

He spent a year playing in Switzerland and Russia before returning to the NHL
with the Senators in 2005.

"We're completely comfortable with the type of player Dany is and more
importantly the type of person that he is," said Wilson.

"There's often cases where players have asked for trades. Unfortunately it's not
everybody's best interest if it plays out publicly and sometimes it is best for
everybody involved, and some of the best players in this league have been traded
to other teams and have gone onto have great success.

"We have zero concerns about that. We're just excited about where he is today
and where we're going."

Heatley racked up 180 goals and 362 points in 317 games, posting 50-goal seasons
in his first two years with the Senators before falling off to 41 in 2007-08 and
39 last year.

The Senators play in San Jose on Dec. 1 but the Sharks won't visit Ottawa until
next season unless the two teams meet in the Stanley Cup final in June.

The trade is essentially a saw-off in salary. Heatley, who has 260 goals and 283
assists in 507 regular games split between Atlanta and Ottawa, is due to make
$8US million this year.

Michalek, a 24-year-old left-winger from the Czech Republic, had 23 goals and 24
assists in 77 games last season. His salary is $3.5 million this year.

At six foot two and 225 pounds, Michalek is a big winger with a scoring touch -
he has scored 20 goals the last three seasons. Taken sixth overall in a rich
2003 draft, the Czech is seen as a player who has yet to fully show off some
great potential. The Sens will no doubt look to give him the chance to change
that.

The 29-year-old Cheechoo, a hard-nosed right-winger, had 12 goals and 17 assists
in 66 games last season - well down from the 56 goals he scored in 2005- 06.

He's also due to make $3.5 million this season.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2009 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              363 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    Appeal-Democrat (Marysville, California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 29, 2014 Monday

Yuba County judge among five suing over state pensions

BYLINE: Harold Kruger, Appeal-Democrat, Marysville, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 432 words


Dec. 29--Yuba County Judge Benjamin Wirtschafter and five other judges have sued
the state, alleging they're getting a raw deal on their pensions.

The judges allege the Public Employees Pension Reform Act, which became law in
2013, has increased their salary withholdings, allowed reductions in their pay
in violation of the state constitution and "diminished the pension benefits they
are entitled to earn," according to the suit, filed last week in San Francisco
Superior Court.

The judges were elected in 2012, so they should not be covered by the pension
changes approved in the 2013 law, the suit said.

Superior Court judges are paid $184,610.

The judges are covered by the Judges Retirement System II, a public retirement
system that covers the Superior Courts, appellate courts and the Supreme Court.

Defendants include the state, the Judicial Council, the California Public
Employees Retirement System and the Office of the State Controller.

In 2012, Judges Retirement System II withheld a flat 8 percent of judges'
salaries.

Now, according to the suit, the six judges are subject to an additional 7.25
percent withholding, resulting in "a fluctuating and increasing -- as opposed to
guaranteed -- rate of contribution toward their pension benefits."

In addition, their "pension annuity has been diminished by application of a
three-year average salary annuity formula," the suit said.

The suit alleged judges become members of their pension system when they are
elected or appointed, and "final benefits are computed with respect to the paid
service performed by the time of their retirement."

According to the suit, the 30 judges who were appointed in 2012 are covered by
the pension system's rules in place before the 2013 changes.

"Many such judges are employed in the same courthouses as (the six judges who
sued)," the suit said. "(The state has) permitted such appointed judges to
participate in (the pension system) under the terms in effect prior to (the
Public Employees Pension Reform Act) effective date, but have denied such rights
to elected judges."

In August, the Legislature passed a bill to clarify the Public Employees Pension
Reform Act "was not intended to apply to judges elected to office prior to Jan.
1, 2013," the suit said. Gov. Jerry Brown vetoed the bill.

In addition to Wirtschafter, the other judges are from Tehama, Imperial,
Alameda, Kings and San Diego counties.

CONTACT Harold Kruger at 749-4774.

___ (c)2014 the Appeal-Democrat (Marysville, Calif.) Visit the Appeal-Democrat
(Marysville, Calif.) at www.appeal-democrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141229-MY-Yuba-County-judge-among-five-suing-over-state-pensions-1229-20141229

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MY


                         Copyright 2014 Appeal-Democrat


                              364 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           September 1, 2011 Thursday
                                 CITY-C Edition

Touch 'Em All: S. Jersey's Trout is on a tear

SECTION: SPORTS; Inq Sports; Pg. C05

LENGTH: 416 words



It didn't take Mike Trout long to make an indelible impression since he was
first promoted to the Los Angeles Angels in July.

Trout, the 20-year-old rookie outfielder from Millville, N.J., homered twice and
drove in five runs to lead the Los Angeles Angels to a 13-6 rout of the Seattle
Mariners on Tuesday night.

Trout started the onslaught in the second with a solo shot into the left-field
bullpen on a 3-2 pitch from Anthony Vasquez. He added a three-run blast into the
left-field seats for a 4-0 lead.

"I don't have that anxiousness to hit the ball," said Trout, who is considered
by many scouts to be the best prospect in baseball. "The first time I got up
here, I wanted to hit it hard every time to impress everyone. Now I'm just
trying to be myself and not trying to do too much."

Trout, a 2009 graduate of Millville High School, made his big-league debut July
8, but in 14 games he hit just .163 with one home run and six RBIs. He was sent
back to double-A Arkansas July 29 before being recalled Aug. 19.

A Giant shake-up

With his club falling further out of playoff contention by the day, Giants GM
Brian Sabean started making sweeping changes.

Former Phillie Aaron Rowand and infielder Miguel Tejada were designated for
assignment by the defending World Series champions, who began Wednesday trailing
first-place Arizona by six games in the NL West race.

"We're at a spot in the season where we have to do some damage control with the
roster. A couple things played into it. In both cases, there was diminished
playing time, diminished roles," Sabean said. "If this stays ugly, we've got to
turn the page, look at some other people and get ready for next year, and try to
win and develop at the same time."

U.S. drops remaining charges against Bonds

Federal prosecutors dropped all the remaining charges against Barry Bonds, days
after a judge upheld the slugger's conviction on an obstruction of justice
count.

The U.S. attorney's office in San Francisco filed court papers informing U.S.
District Judge Susan Illston it was dismissing the three charges of making false
statements still pending against Bonds, baseball's all-time home run leader. A
jury deadlocked on the three counts at Bonds' trial in April.

Notable

Outfielder Matt Diaz is returning to the Atlanta Braves after being acquired
from the Pittsburgh Pirates for a player to be named. Diaz played the previous
five seasons in Atlanta and was one of the team's top players off the bench.

- Inquirer wire services

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              365 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            April 14, 2016 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

Letter

SECTION: A; Pg. 009

LENGTH: 478 words


s

TPP not beneficial

I must disagree with CEO Michael Senske that the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP)
will benefit us.

For the first 100 years of United States history, the country followed the
Constitution regarding trade. Congress regulated trade, and the executive branch
executed their directives.

From 1890 onward, the executive branch began encroaching on trade functions,
insisting on non-tariff items, and eventually gained trade promotion authority
(fast track) in 1974. Ever since the initiation of fast track, the United States
has suffered job losses, trade deficits and diminished sovereignty.

Not everyone lost. A few people connected to international corporations made
fortunes, while the de-industrialization of America happened in the background.
Of 30 chapters, only six deal with trade. True, trade has become more global,
but that doesn't mean we need a document 2,000 pages longer than Obamacare.

The worst is that TPP is a living agreement that can be changed any time after
passage. We did not have fast track from 1994 to 2002, and yet we enacted 300
trade agreements while trade expanded by 30 percent.

The secrecy and diminished role of Congress that accompanies TPP only helps bad
deals like NAFTA and TPP to slip by us. Contact your representative to vote no.

Rob Chase

Spokane County Treasurer

Spokane

Set salaries by vote

I believe the Spokane City Council should stay part time, because if members
work full time, we will have a lot more expense. I believe the council increase
in expenses since 2008 have risen greatly with no improvement in performance.

All a full-time council would do is allow more regulations, higher expenses,
more sick leave, higher minimum wage, loss of productivity, etc, etc.

The Salary Review Board is a way to increase salaries without the vote of the
people. Government salaries are way out of line with the private sector, and the
people are nowhere near as productive. I am getting fed up with the exorbitant
salaries, benefits and lack of productivity/progress by elected officials in
relation to the private sector, who are paying the bills.

The salary increases are out of line with inflation and productivity. The
salaries should be set by vote of the people, not someone you can't fire. These
council members knew what the salary was when they ran for office, so why are
all the cry-babies complaining? If you don't like the salaries, then don't run
for office.

Wayne Lythgoe

Colbert

More art benefits city

The most memorable parts of Spokane are the eye-catching murals and sculptures
of runners. Without these works of art, Spokane would be a very drab city.

Not only would Spokane look better if we put more money toward the arts, but the
city could also draw more attention. People want to visit and live in a city
that has a thriving culture, driven by the arts.

Anna Carlyle

Spokane

text/cci-newsdesk

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              366 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                               May 2, 2008 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Lawyers urged to take pride;
Lt. gov. speaks at Law Day event

BYLINE: Gary V. Murray, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 545 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


Lt. Gov. Timothy P. Murray urged fellow members of the local bar yesterday to
take pride in their chosen profession and remain ever vigilant in their pursuit
of justice.

Speaking at the Worcester County Bar Association's annual Law Day breakfast at
the Crowne Plaza Hotel, the city's former mayor told about 200 lawyers, judges
and court employees that the American judicial system, "as envisioned by the
founders of this commonwealth and this country, ensures the most precious gift
we have as a society - freedom."

He noted that one of those founding fathers, John Adams, taught school in
Worcester and was inspired by a prominent Worcester lawyer, James Putnam, to
study law before becoming the nation's second president.

"In writing the Massachusetts constitution, which predates and served as the
template for the U.S. Constitution, John Adams gave us a Declaration of Rights,
which to this day stands as the landmark codification of human rights and
freedoms not only for this state, but for the country and the world," Mr. Murray
said.

"A government based on the rule of law has survived and flourished here for more
than 225 years, and I would argue that it is the judicial branch of our
government that plays the most important role of all in maintaining our civil
and free society," Mr. Murray told his fellow lawyers.

"Each and every one of you here today is a living part of that important
system," he said.

Like John Adams, who successfully defended British soldiers charged with murder
in the Boston Massacre despite his ardent patriotism, lawyers must be willing to
take on the "unpopular case" to protect the rights of all citizens, Mr. Murray
said.

"Why? Because the rights to a fair trial and vigorous defense are fundamental to
this system. And if those rights are diminished for any one person, no matter
how loathsome they may be, then those rights are diminished for us all," he
said.

James G. Reardon Jr., bar association president, later told the audience he
understood Mr. Adams was paid "18 guineas" for his representation of the British
soldiers.

"I don't have any idea how much that is, but I'm pretty sure it's a wicked low
hourly rate," Mr. Reardon quipped.

In his closing remarks, Mr. Murray called upon the local bar to "help foster a
culture of civility and dignity for all people" and "to do your best to
preserve, protect and defend this great system of justice that has ensured the
freedom and prosperity of our country for more than two centuries."

Stephen R. Anderson, the bar association's president-elect, pointed out that
yesterday marked the 50th anniversary of Law Day. In 1958, President Dwight D.
Eisenhower proclaimed the first Law Day as "a day of national dedication to the
principle of government under law."

Yesterday's local celebration included the presentation of the Massachusetts Bar
Association's Community Service Award to lawyer Douglas Q. Meystre of the
Worcester law firm of Fletcher Tilton & Whipple. Court officer and three-time
world champion boxer Jose Antonio Rivera was the recipient of the Worcester
County Bar Association's Liberty Bell Award. Taylor Liljegren, an eighth-grader
at Turkey Hill Middle School in Lunenburg, was honored at the breakfast as the
winner of the local bar association's annual essay contest.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              367 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            August 27, 2011 Saturday

Oakland Tribune editorial: Internet gambling is a bad bet to close California
budget gap

BYLINE: Oakland Tribune editorial © Copyright 2011, Bay Area News Group

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 466 words


California Senate leader Darrell Steinberg wants to delay any action on Internet
gambling until 2012. A better decision would be for him and the Legislature to
permanently abandon efforts to legalize online gaming in the state.

It is easy to understand the attraction of additional state funds from gambling
at a time when tax revenues have fallen short and California faces more cuts to
basic government programs, especially education.

It is also clear that a protracted debate over Internet gambling can continue to
attract huge sums of money into Sacramento from pro-gambling lobbyists.

Hundreds of thousands of dollars have been flowing into the state Capitol from
the Morongo and San Manuel bands of Indians, who support Senate Bill 40 by Sen.
Lou Correa, D-Santa Ana. It would legalize only online poker.

The California Tribal Business Alliance and others oppose Correa's bill and have
asked the Legislature to delay Senate Bill 45 by Sen. Rod Wright, D-Inglewood,
which would legalize all kinds of Internet gambling.

Neither of these Internet gambling bills merit passage. They pose serous legal,
logistical and ethical problems that make them ineffective and undesirable.

The federal government has banned Internet gambling, but some states still
believe they have the authority to legalize and tax it on their own. Whether
that is true has yet to be settled and is likely to lead to litigation.

Federal prosecution of key executives involved in offshore Internet gambling has
diminished those once-flourishing operations. What steps Washington might take
toward individual states that legalize Internet gambling is far from clear.

Even if states were allowed to legalize Internet gambling one has to wonder how
they would be able to force such businesses to operate only within state
borders.

Once a gambling enterprise is on the Internet, it is open to everyone and could
well be in violation of the federal ban on Internet gambling.

There is a question of whether taxes gleaned from Internet gambling would result
in diminished taxes from other businesses. The money spent on gambling most
likely would not be new money, but funds that were shifted away from other, more
productive taxable businesses.

Then there is the ethical question of whether government should lure people,
many of whom can ill afford it, into gambling to boost tax revenues.

We have opposed urban casinos, including a massive one considered in Richmond,
because of the ethical problems associated with gambling and its lack of useful
productivity.

Internet gambling would spread these problems across the state and beyond,
without a reliable way for the state to control it.

Desperate economic times may call for desperate solutions, but there ought to be
limits. Internet gambling exceeds them and is a bad bet for California.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The homepage of PartyGaming.com is displayed on a computer monitor in
London, U.K. (Chet Susslin/Bloomberg News)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              368 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 19, 2014 Saturday
                                Regional Edition

A punishment that offends human dignity

BYLINE: Charles J. Ogletree Jr.

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 802 words


I have wondered countless times over the past 30 years whether I would live to
see the end of the death penalty in the United States. I now know that day will
come, and I believe that the current Supreme Court will be its architect.

In its ruling in  Hall v. Florida  in May, the court - with Justice Anthony M.
Kennedy at the helm - reminded us that the core value animating the Eighth
Amendment's cruel and unusual punishments clause is the preservation of human
dignity against the affront of unnecessarily harsh punishment.  Hall , which
prohibited a rigid test in use in Florida for gauging whether a defendant is
intellectually disabled, was the most recent in a series of opinions in which
the court has juxtaposed retribution - the idea of vengeance for a wrongdoing,
which serves as the chief justification for the death penalty - with a
recognition of our hopelessly complex and fallible human nature.

What was important about  Hall  is the way Kennedy described the logic behind
exempting intellectually disabled individuals from execution: "to impose the
harshest of punishments on an intellectually disabled person violates his or her
inherent dignity as a human being" because the "diminished capacity of the
intellectually disabled lessens moral culpability and hence the retributive
value of the punishment." Though the court previously barred imposition of the
death penalty upon intellectually disabled people, as well as juvenile
offenders,  Hall  marked the first time that it went so far as to claim that
imposing the death penalty upon offenders with these kinds of functional
impairments serves "no legitimate penological purpose."

This is why I see an end coming to the death penalty in this country. The
overwhelming majority of those facing execution today have what the court termed
in  Hall  to be diminished culpability. Severe functional deficits are the rule,
not the exception, among the individuals who populate the nation's death rows. A
new study by Robert J. Smith, Sophie Cull and ZoÃ« Robinson, published in
Hastings Law Journal, of the social histories of 100 people executed during 2012
and 2013 showed that the vast majority of executed offenders suffered from one
or more significant cognitive and behavioral deficits.

One-third of the offenders had intellectual disabilities, borderline
intellectual function or traumatic brain injuries, a similarly debilitating
impairment. For example, the Texas Department of Corrections determined that
Elroy Chester had an IQ of 69. He attended special education classes throughout
school and never functioned at a higher level than third grade. The state had
previously enrolled Chester into its Mentally Retarded Offenders Program.
Despite these findings, Texas executed him on June 12, 2013.

More than half of the 100 had a severe mental illness such as schizophrenia,
post-traumatic stress disorder or psychosis. For example, for more than 40
years, Florida's own psychiatrists found that John Ferguson suffered from severe
mental illness. Ferguson had a fixed delusion that he was the "Prince of God"
who could not be killed and would rise up after his execution and fight
alongside Jesus to save the United States from a communist plot. When Ferguson
was executed on Aug. 5, 2013, his last words were: "I just want everyone to know
that I am the Prince of God and I will rise again." A Florida court had called
Mr. Ferguson's delusions "normal Christian beliefs."

Many other executed offenders endured unspeakable abuse as children. Consider
Daniel Cook, whose mother drank alcohol and abused drugs while she was pregnant
with him. His mother and grandparents molested him as a young child, and his
father physically abused him by, for example, lighting a cigarette and using it
to burn Daniel's genitals. Eventually the state placed Daniel in foster care,
but the abuse didn't stop. A foster parent chained him nude to a bed and raped
him while other adults watched from the next room through a one-way mirror. The
prosecutor responsible for Cook's death sentence stood behind him during the
clemency process, telling authorities that he would have taken the death penalty
off of the table had he known of his torturous childhood. Arizona refused to
commute Cook's sentence, however, and he died by lethal injection on Aug. 8,
2012.

As the execution of Elroy Chester, John Ferguson, Daniel Cook and many more like
them illustrates, barring the death penalty for intellectually disabled and
juvenile offenders did not solve the death penalty's dignity problem. Rather,
those cases gave us cause to look more closely at the people whom we execute.
And when you look closely, what you find is that the practice of the death
penalty and the commitment to human dignity are not compatible.

The writer is a professor at Harvard Law School.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              369 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           February 25, 2014 Tuesday
                              TUE REGIONAL Edition

Acquisition Brooks brings quick energy

BYLINE: Terry Frei

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 639 words


During an otherwise embarrassing loss at Chicago on Friday night, Denver coach
Brian Shaw noticed that the Nuggets player displaying the most fire and passion
was Aaron Brooks playing his first game for his new team.

There he was, a 6 foot point guard trying to box out bigger opponents as his new
teammates, more suited for the role, stood by passively. And when Kenneth Faried
drew a flagrant foul, Brooks got involved in the shoving after the play again,
while other teammates watched.

Brooks scored 17 points against the Bulls and nine in the Sunday night loss to
Sacramento at home, at least enabling the Nuggets still minus the injured Ty
Lawson to put a natural point guard on the floor. And he'll start again Tuesday
night against Portland, because Lawson hasn't resumed practicing because of a
broken rib.

"I think he's done well under the circumstances, coming in and just kind of
being thrown out there, without having many reps," Shaw said after the Nuggets'
practice Monday. "Today was really his first practice with the team. He can
score; he's proven that over his career. He can lead a team, and run a team.
He's been a starting point guard in this league.

"In the situation we were in, we needed help at that position, and he's helped
at that position."

The sixth year pro from the University of Oregon is auditioning but as a pending
unrestricted free agent. His contract is up, and this is an opportunity to
rebuild, or at least reaffirm, his reputation as a point guard worth having
around and perhaps for more than the $947,907 base salary he's playing for this
season.

"It's been a roller coaster," Brooks said of his first two games for Denver
after his acquisition from Houston. "Everything has gone so fast, just trying to
get all the plays and all that down. The coaches and the guys helped me out a
lot. Hopefully, I'll fight through it and get better."

The Nuggets aren't offering a timetable for the return of Lawson, who has missed
the past six games with the rib injury. But when he comes back, Denver will have
two natural point guards for the first time since Andre Miller's exile began in
the wake of his Jan. 1 outburst at Shaw.

"I've been in a backup role before, and in that role, you can use more energy on
the floor," Brooks said. "You can be more efficient, more aggressive, and then
if we do happen to play together, I'm good playing off the ball as well. I think
I can help out a lot."

Brooks said his diminished playing time late in his second stint with Houston
left him a bit rusty.

"I'd been sitting back so long, the ball skills have kind of diminished a little
bit," he said. "If you're sitting back, you're not getting better, you're
getting worse."

He said he wasn't bitter about what happened at Houston under coach Kevin
McHale.

"The last game I played, I played something like 37 minutes and had 17 points,
and (starter) Patrick (Beverley) came back and I went back to the regular
rotation," Brooks said. "Going into the situation, though, Coach told me,
'You're the third point guard,' and I respected him for that. I did my job when
I got on the floor and had some big games, and we won games. I don't think it
was bad or anything like that. The coach just had a rotation that was winning
games, and what can you say?"

A native of Seattle, Brooks was a member of the 10 man John Wooden All America
team as a senior at Oregon and also was a first team all Pac 10 choice. After
the Rockets took him with the 26th pick of the 2006 draft, he was with Houston,
Phoenix, Sacramento and Houston again before his trade to Denver. Also in there,
during the NBA's lockout delayed season of 2011 12, he started the season and
stayed through it with a team in China.

"It was a good experience," he said. "There were some good things, some bad
things, and I grew up over there."

Terry Frei: tfrei@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Nuggets guard Aaron Brooks fouls Bulls guard D.J. Augustin on Friday in
Chicago. That was Brooks' first appearance in a Denver uniform. He began the
season with the Houston Rockets. Tannen Maury, EPA

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              370 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              June 28, 2013 Friday
                                 Drive Edition

OUR VIEWS ;
STORM WARNINGS PROMPT DEBATE IN D.C.;
Using time wisely is key as tornadoes approach

SECTION: OPINION; OUR VIEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 624 words


HAVING too much time on your hands is a familiar problem, albeit a problem
that's diminished in today's overscheduled society. How much time is too much
when it comes to tornado warnings?

The question was raised this week in Washington as members of Congress mulled
ways to manage weather warnings. This came in the wake of the evident chaos on
May 31 in central Oklahoma. A local television meteorologist got unaccustomed
criticism for how he handled reports of a tornadic storm moving east out of
Canadian County.

TV weather forecasters are inured to grumbling about program interruptions and
screen-blocking weather maps when "normal" severe weather shows up each spring.
But this was different. On May 31, thousands of people were on the roads when
the storm approached; some of them were motivated by what they were hearing on
TV.

U.S. Rep. Jim Bridenstine, R-Tulsa, wants to increase funding for weather
research, a position that will no doubt draw sneers for a politician who usually
wants to cut federal spending. At a Wednesday hearing in Washington, weather
researchers and meteorologists discussed warning times and what people should do
once a threat morphs from the possible to the likely.

Bridenstine's goal seems to be to lengthen warning times. But a University of
Oklahoma weather researcher said the ultimate question is what people do with
their time in response to a warning.

Nerves were frayed on May 31 because the tornado outbreak came so soon after the
May 20 EF5 tornado in Moore that killed 24 people. Those victims were unable to
secure adequate shelter. Had Moore not happened first, the reaction on May 31
could have been entirely different - and this includes how TV weathermen handled
the storm.

Most of the 23 people killed on May 31 died not because of a tornado but by
drowning. Some took shelter in the worst possible place during a heavy rain - a
storm drain. The storm's tornadic element diminished as it crossed into Oklahoma
County. Given the number of people in cars at the time the storm hit, the death
toll could have eclipsed the highest yet recorded in this state. Fortunately it
didn't, but fatalities mounted because of flash flooding. The eight people
killed May 31 who didn't drown were in vehicles.

Kathryn Sullivan, acting director of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Administration, said warning times aren't necessarily the key factor because
"there's a genuine question about how humans respond to impending risks." If
they respond by increasing their vulnerability, it's a sign  panic is trumping
rationality.

While the National Weather Service plays an essential role in identifying
threats and issuing warnings, people get their immediate information from TV
forecasters, not academic weather researchers. We thus repeat a call we made
June 5 for local TV weather teams to review how they handled May 31 and develop
a less chaotic, more thoughtful approach. These people save lives, but they have
a responsibility to help keep viewers calm. This means avoiding sensationalism
that calls into question their objectivity.

Weather science is steadily evolving and vastly improved. In a state so
devastated by violent weather, it's good that so much weather research is
centered here. But government researchers can't dictate how TV weather teams
conduct themselves. Just as we were reminded on May 20 of the importance of
having adequate shelter to weather the most powerful tornadoes, we were reminded
on May 31 that being in cars or storm drains is deadly.

We learned some things from both storms. What did the TV weather teams learn?
How will they change their methods as a result? What people do in response to a
warning is sometimes more important than how much lead time they have.


LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              371 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                           Daily Deal (New York, NY)

                            October 2, 2001 Tuesday

Sun takes $51M charge on bad deals

BYLINE: by Tyson Freeman

SECTION: CORPORATE RESTRUCTURING

LENGTH: 698 words

HIGHLIGHT: In a SEC filing from Sept. 20, Palo Alto, Calif.-based computer
hardware giant reported three deals that didn't work out as planned, resulting
in a $51 million charge over three years.


Computer hardware giant Sun Microsystems Inc. of Palo Alto, Calif., grew
internally for most of its 19-year history, but joined the acquisition fray with
a string of deals beginning in 1997. In a 10-K405 SEC filing from Sept. 20, Sun
reported three deals that didn't quite work as planned, resulting in a $51
million charge over three years for the three deals gone wrong.

Sun acquired San Jose, Calif.-based information appliance maker Diba Inc. in
1997 for $29.7 million in cash and ended up taking a $9 million impairment
charge on the deal in 1999.

Sun bought the company to help interconnect electronic gadgets running Sun
products, but the Diba buy ran into trouble when Sun canceled plans to develop a
set-top box that would have utilized Diba technology. Sun said it ditched the
plan because of "a change in the long-term strategy for the product."

Sun bought a data storage products unit from Ft. Lauderdale, Fla.-based storage
technology company Encore Computer Corp. in 1997 for $185 million in cash. Sun
had hoped the Encore assets would help it develop a high-end intelligent storage
system product. Bad logistics put a damper on that deal.

"Although all but one of the key products utilizing the acquired technology from
Encore commenced shipment in fiscal 2000, certain factors, including delays and
changes in packaging and delivery strategy, diminished revenue expectations
attributed to the technology acquired from Encore," Sun said in the Sept. 20
filing. "As a result, future cash flows from the use of Encore's technology was
determined to be negligible in fiscal 2000."

Sun ended up having to sign a deal to sell Hitachi Data Systems products to
provide their high-end product instead. Sun recognized an impairment charge of
approximately $9 million related to the Encore deal in fiscal 2000.

Sun also singled out its $170 million stock acquisition of Menlo Park, Calif.,
application server company NetDynamics in 1998 as having fallen short of its
initial intentions.

"At the time of the acquisition, the technology acquired... was expected to be
utilized in a collaborative application. The current and future plans for
utilization of this technology have diminished materially," Sun said in the
filing. The plans diminished enough for Sun to take a total of $33 million in
charges on the deal: $32 million in 2000 and $1 million in 2001.

Part of the reason for taking a charge on NetDynamics was related to R&D related
expenses. At the time of the acquisition, Sun had estimated that the costs to
complete in-process R&D at NetDynamics would be $5.7 million. As of June 30, Sun
had spent $17.4 million in R&D related to NetDynamics products.

Sun Microsystems Inc.
In a Sept. 20 regulatory filing, the acquisitive company
said its acquisitions of Diba and Encore in 1997 and
NetDynamics in 1998 didn't work out as planned, resulting in
a $51 million charge.
Company      Sun Microsystems Inc.
CEO          Scott G. McNealy
Headquarters Palo Alto, Calif.
Ticker       SUNW
Date         Action
9/19/00      Sun Microsystems Inc. enters the low-cost server
             appliance market by acquiring Cobalt Networks
             Inc. for about $2 billion in stock
12/04/00     Looking to expand its offerings of storage
             networking products, Sun Microsystems Inc. will
             buy software developer HighGround Systems Inc. in
             a $400 million stock deal
2/02/01      Sun picks up management software maker LSC Corp.
             in a $74 million all-stock acquisition
3/06/01      Sun signs an agreement to acquire InfraSearch
             Inc., a privately- held innovator of peer-to-peer
             (P2P) searching technology based in Burlingame,
             Calif.
6/19/01      Sun will acquire ISOPIA Inc., a privately-held
             company located in Toronto. ISOPIA is the
             developer of an industry-leading Integrated
             Learning Management System (ILMS) that enables
             the delivery of online training
9/26/01      Sun purchases a mainframe-rehosting business from
             Critical Path Inc. Terms are not disclosed. Sun
             will acquire software products in the deal and
             hire 64 Critical Path employees
                                               Source: The Deal

www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: M & A

                         Copyright 2001 The Deal L.L.C.


                              372 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                             May 21, 2015 Thursday

Guest Column;
The prescription to cure what ails Illinois

SECTION: IL OPINION; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 660 words


It's relieving to know that, as a matter of Illinois state constitutional law,
words in the English language actually have the meanings identified in the
dictionary -- which is really what the Illinois Supreme Court ruled when it held
that the "pension reform" legislation of 2013 was unconstitutional.

That law attempted to reduce the significant -- as in currently north of $100
billion -- unfunded liability in the five state pension systems by cutting
benefits of current workers and retirees. That's verboten, because the Illinois
Constitution specifically provides that public pension benefits in Illinois
"shall not be diminished or impaired."

Emphasizing the constitution's "plain and unambiguous language," the court found
that "the clause means precisely what it says: if something qualifies as a
(pension) benefit .... it cannot be diminished or impaired."

Score that as a win for Merriam-Webster.

Does this decision mean Illinois must raise taxes? No. Regardless of how the
Supreme Court ruled, Illinois actually has needed to raise taxes for decades.
Indeed, the outsized unfunded pension liability isn't the cause of Illinois'
fiscal problems; rather it's a significant consequence of poorly designed tax
policy.

In fiscal year 1994, the aggregate unfunded liability across all five state
systems was $17 billion. That sounds like peanuts given the size of the problem
today, but it meant the systems were only 37 percent funded, a far cry from the
80 percent recognized as healthy.

The reason Illinois had accrued $17 billion in pension debt at that time had
nothing to do with generous benefits and everything to do with debt. Even then,
the state's flawed tax policy wasn't working in the modern economy.

There's been a longstanding imbalance between revenue growth and service cost
growth, which prevents Illinois from sustaining the same level of services from
year to year. This creates a real challenge for politicians, because $9 out of
$10 the state spends on services goes to education, health care, social services
and public safety. Cutting those core services every year is hardly a blueprint
for re-election or good public policy.

Raising taxes always scares politicos, no matter how rational or needed the
increase would be. So decision makers consistently chose a third, irresponsible
path: using the pension systems like a credit card, diverting revenue that
should have funded the normal cost of retirement benefits to instead fund
current services.

This avoided the need for service cuts or distasteful tax increases, while
allowing constituents to consume services without paying the full cost thereof
in taxes.

It became such a political crutch that the practice of borrowing from what was
owed the pensions to fund services was codified into law as part of the 1995
pension "funding ramp."

This ramp so aggressively borrowed against the pensions that it ballooned the
unfunded liability from $17 billion in 1994 to $54 billion in 2008 -- when the
Great Recession hit and financial markets crashed. It accomplished this
boondoggle by using an amortization schedule that was so back-loaded it
resembled a ski slope, calling for annual payments in excess of $16 billion in
out years.

It's this goofy debt repayment schedule that's causing problems.

Now that we know the Illinois Constitution means what it says, the only viable
and constitutional solution going forward is replacing the current back-loaded
repayment schedule with a longer, level dollar amortization that permits payment
of all retirement benefits when due, increases the funded ratio to a point
that's considered healthy, and is affordable so that bond rating agencies have
confidence payments will be made.

And Illinois still must raise taxes so it finally has the means to sustain core
services without irresponsibly borrowing to pay for them.

-- Ralph Martire is executive director of the Center for Tax and Budget
Accountability, a bipartisan fiscal policy think tank.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              373 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Rhode Island Lawyers Weekly

                            February 8, 2016 Monday

Evidence - Prior testimony - Present recollection

BYLINE: Tom Egan

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1508  words


Where a jury convicted a defendant of murdering one victim and wounding another,
the convictions must be affirmed despite the trial judge's error under Rule 612
of the Rhode Island Rules of Evidence in admitting the prior testimony of a
witness at a separate trial.

"On appeal to this Court, defendant raises two arguments. First, he maintains
that the trial justice erred when he admitted prior testimony of a witness at
(Alonzo] Shelton's trial about defendant's level of intoxication on the night of
the shooting. Second, he contends that the trial justice erred when he denied
his motion for a new trial because the verdict was against the weight of the
evidence. ...

"In anticipation of any potential diminished capacity evidence that might be
proffered by the defense, the state called Brenda (Alvarez]'s son, Carlos, to
testify about the extent of defendant's drinking on the night of the murder and
any effect that his ingestion of alcohol might have had on his ability to
function. ...

"The defendant argues that Carlos's prior testimony should not have been read
into the record because Carlos was not provided with the opportunity to refresh
his present recollection by reviewing his previous testimony, even though he
indicated that such a review would refresh his memory. ...

"It is our opinion that the requirements of Rule 612 were not satisfied here
because, after his prior testimony was shown to him, Carlos was not asked
whether he had an independent recollection of defendant's behavior or whether
his recollection was refreshed. When Carlos testified that he could not recall
the answers he gave at Shelton's trial, the state asked him if his memory would
be refreshed if he read a transcript of his testimony; he answered
affirmatively. Rather than make a meaningful attempt to refresh Carlos's memory,
the prosecutor simply proceeded to read his prior testimony into the record and,
through the employment of leading questions, asked him to confirm his previous
answers. The colloquy between the state and Carlos convinces us that he never
had the opportunity to say his recollection was refreshed. It would only be
after Carlos said that the transcript did not refresh his memory that the state
could attempt to introduce his prior testimony under one of the hearsay
exceptions.

"However, after a thorough review of the entire record in this case we conclude
that, to the extent there may have been any error by allowing the prior
testimony to be read into the record, we do not believe it requires vacating the
conviction because (defendant Barry] Offley's defense was predicated on accident
and not on any theory of diminished capacity. ...

"... Simply put, defendant could not avail himself of a diminished capacity
defense because he testified and denied any responsibility for the shootings.
... In that defendant disavowed any responsibility for the shooting, he could
not -- and did not -- offer a theory of diminished capacity as part of his
defense. Because he was not seeking to mitigate responsibility for the crime
under a theory of diminished capacity, any prior testimony that was admitted, by
any means, regarding his level of intoxication was utterly immaterial to his
defense and defendant did not, in any way, suffer prejudice. ...

"Next, defendant contends that because the verdict was against the weight of the
evidence, the trial justice erred when he denied his motion for a new trial. ...

"The trial justice began his analysis of the motion by noting that the case
ultimately pitted (Julie] Lang's credibility against that of the defendant. And,
after hearing defendant's testimony, he asserted that he could 'in no way fault'
the jury for believing Lang's testimony about what happened on July 27, 2006.
Indeed, the trial justice found that defendant's own testimony was 'wholly
unworthy of belief' and served the very purpose of convicting him. ... Here, the
trial justice clearly did not accept defendant's version of events, ruling that
'no rational factfinder would or could accept' defendant's explanation that the
gun's discharging while it was in defendant's hands was an accident. The trial
justice also found there was ample evidence for the jury to find that defendant
and his uncle plotted the murder in advance. ...

"... Even in the face of inconsistencies among Lang's statements, the trial
justice also found that defendant's actions after the shooting and during his
arrest were strong indications of guilt. The defendant's flight to Florida,
where he hid for six weeks with the uncle he supposedly feared, and the use of a
false name when he was finally arrested provided further proof of his guilt. The
trial justice described defendant's testimony as not only 'ludicrous,' but
'perjurious,' concluding that 'the evidence resoundingly compels the verdict as
announced by this jury. ' In our opinion, the trial justice properly assessed
the weight of the evidence and the credibility of the witnesses, and he
'articulated adequate reasons for denying the motion. ' ... We discern no errors
in the denial of the motion for a new trial. "

Dissenting justice's comments

Goldberg, J. "I concur in the majority's opinion with respect to the denial of
the defendant's motion for a new trial, and I also concur in the judgment of the
Court affirming the conviction in the face of the defendant's challenge to the
trial justice's admission of Carlos's prior testimony. However, I cannot agree
with my colleagues that 'the requirements of Rule 612 (of the Rhode Island Rules
of Evidence] were not satisfied' and that, therefore, the prior testimony should
not have been read into the record. In my opinion, the requirements of Rule 612
are irrelevant in this case because Carlos's prior testimony was properly
admitted as a prior inconsistent statement made by a previously cooperative
witness. Therefore, I would affirm the trial justice's decision allowing this
testimony into evidence at trial. ...

"... It is apparent from the record that the prior testimony was being used not
to refresh Carlos's recollection, as was done immediately beforehand with the
witness's police statement, but to impeach his inconsistent testimony under Rule
801(d)(1)(A). The record supports this conclusion. ...

:... The prior testimony was used to impeach the witness with a prior
inconsistent statement. Moreover, this seasoned trial justice, who was a
front-and-center observer of Carlos's testimony in May 2007 and his performance
in November 2007, clearly understood that this was impeachment of the witness's
testimony with a prior inconsistent statement. In response to defendant's
objection to the prosecutor's use of the prior testimony, the trial justice
tersely responded, 'Overruled. This is prior testimony. Overruled. ' In my
opinion, it is apparent from the record that the trial justice permitted the
prosecutor to impeach Carlos with his prior inconsistent statement and that the
prosecutor was no longer attempting to refresh the recollection of this
recalcitrant witness. The prosecutor's repeated demonstration of her ability to
refresh Carlos's recollection in textbook fashion a mere ten transcript pages
before the crucial exchange, when coupled with the trial justice's comment that
'(t]his is prior testimony,' makes me unable to join the majority's analysis of
whether 'the requirements of Rule 612' were satisfied and the majority's
conclusion that they were not. I am of the opinion that Rule 612 is simply not
implicated in this case and this evidence was properly admitted under Rule
801(d)(1)(A).

"I pause to note, however, that the trial justice's refusal to grant defense
counsel's request to be heard on the objection or at a sidebar conference is
unfortunate. Defense counsel's request should have been granted. The efficacy of
appellate review is strengthened by a developed record, and, in this case, had
the parties and the trial justice discussed the use of the prior testimony on
the record, this Court's resolution of the issue would have been more
straightforward. Nonetheless, I remain convinced from my review of the record
that the trial justice appropriately allowed the prosecutor to impeach the
suspiciously-forgetful Carlos with his prior testimony and to admit that
testimony under Rule 801(d)(1)(A). I cannot agree that this evidence was
erroneously admitted, notwithstanding the majority's conclusion that the error
was harmless. In my opinion, a harmless-error analysis of this testimony is
unnecessary in the context of this case. Consequently, I respectfully dissent in
part and concur in part. "

State v. Offley (Lawyers Weekly No. 60-010-16) (30 pages) (Flaherty, J.)
(Goldberg, J., dissenting in part and concurring in part) (R.I. Supreme Court)
Appealed from a judgment entered by Krause, J., in Superior Court. Jane M.
McSoley for the state; George J. West for the defendant (Docket No.
2013-272-C.A.) (Feb. 4, 2016).

Click here for the full-text opinion.



http://www.rilawyersweekly.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from
this resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              374 of 997 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                             July 28, 2016 Thursday
                                 Early Edition

Fed's more upbeat tone hints at rate hike coming

BYLINE: Martin Crutsinger, The Associated Press

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 442 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Federal Reserve said Wednesday that near-term risks to the U.S. economy have
diminished, reviving the prospect that it will resume raising interest rates as
soon as September.

The Fed noted that the U.S. job market has rebounded, with robust hiring in June
after a deep slump in May. At the same time, the Fed said after its latest
policy meeting that it plans to closely monitor global economic threats and
financial developments to ensure that they don't slow the economy.

The Fed seemed to be referring in particular to Britain's vote last month to
leave the European Union, a move that poses risks to the rest of Europe and to
the global economy.

The central bank gave no specific timetable for when it might resume the rate
hikes it began in December, when it raised its benchmark rate from a record low.
But some analysts who had doubted that the Fed would be ready to raise rates as
soon as September said Wednesday's statement appeared to revive that
possibility.

"The Fed is saying that nearterm risks have diminished, so that certainly puts
September back in play," said Brian Bethune, an economics professor at Tufts
University.

Bethune said he still thought the Fed would wait until December before raising
rates but that a September move was possible if hiring remains strong and the
global economy and markets remain stable.

Greg McBride, chief financial analyst at Bankrate.com, noted that "the Fed gave
a very upbeat assessment of the U.S. economy, which is the first step toward
prepping markets for another rate hike."

Some also suggested that the Fed's brighter outlook suggests that it has become
less concerned that a British exit from the EU - commonly dubbed "Brexit" -
would seriously undermine the U.S. or global economy.

The statement signals that the Fed "does not think that Brexit will be a
significant hindrance for the U.S. economy," said Carl Tannenbaum, chief
economist at Northern Trust.

Analysts said the next important signal of the Fed's thinking could come when
Chair Janet Yellen speaks at an annual central bank conference in late August in
Jackson Hole, Wyo.

Stock averages posted a modest increase Wednesday after the statement was issued
at 2 p.m., before drifting lower later in the afternoon. The yield on the
10-year Treasury note dipped from 1.53 per cent to 1.51 per cent.

The decision to leave its key rate unchanged in a range of 0.25 per cent to 0.5
per cent was approved on a 9-1 vote. Esther George, the president of the Fed's
Kansas City regional bank, dissented for the third time this year, arguing for
an immediate quarter-point rate hike. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc.
All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              375 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 7, 2014 Sunday

Washington: For Managers, Upholding Fairness Comes at a Cost

LENGTH: 717  words

DATELINE: Washington


Association for Psychological Science has issued the following news release:

The French novelist Victor Hugo wrote that "being good is easy, what is
difficult is being just." A recent study on fairness in the workplace may lend
support to his claim.

PAFF_082614_WorkJusticeMFB_newsfeatureAlthough fairness is typically heralded as
something good, psychological scientists Russell E. Johnson (Michigan State
University), Klodiana Lanaj (University of Florida), and Christopher M. Barnes
(University of Washington) found that for those charged with enforcing it,
workplace justice may actually come at a cost.

Abiding by rules and procedures has been shown to drain mental resources,
leading the researchers to hypothesize that enforcing the rules could also be
mentally draining. When people's mental resources are low it's tougher for them
to maintain the self-control needed to resist negative behaviors and behave in
positive ways.

In the workplace, procedural justice refers to the way employees perceive
organizational rules and polices meant to maintain fairness in the workplace.
The team's research suggests that managers who spent more time applying
procedural justice actually ended up paying the price in depleted self-control
and diminished positive behavior.

"Indeed, companies that encourage procedurally just behavior from their
employees in an attempt to create positive work environments may inadvertently
(and ironically) create a different set of problems owing to diminished
self-control," they wrote in the Journal of Applied Psychology.

However, not all justice behaviors are depleting. Interpersonal justice
describes the way employees perceive fairness when rules and procedures are
communicated to them. Previous research has shown that interpersonal justice
behaviors can even replenish mental resources.

Unlike the closely monitored, rule-bound behavior expected in procedural
justice, interpersonal justice largely depends on the social rules of courtesy
and respect that people encounter every day. Because mental resources are
bolstered when people experience positive social interactions, the researchers
expected that managers implementing interpersonal justice would report less
depletion of their mental resources.

For the study, a sample of 82 managers were given a daily self-report survey for
10 consecutive work days. The survey questions on justice behavior, positive
work behavior, and mental depletion were adapted from previously validated
scales to ensure the effectiveness of the survey.

As expected, people who engaged in more frequent procedural justice
behaviors-such as suppressing personal bias in making decisions-experienced a
greater degree of mental depletion. The day after carrying out procedural
justice managers were more likely to report that they had trouble focusing and
concentrating.

"In contrast to previous research focusing solely on the beneficial effects of
justice, our results indicate that procedural justice behaviors--which entail
navigating potentially complex issues in a manner that suppresses the potential
biasing effects of self-interest and favoritism toward ingroup members--is
draining, leaving employees with fewer available resources," the researchers
state.

Procedural justice behaviors also resulted in decreases in positive behavior.
When participants were mentally depleted they were less likely engage in
"above-and-beyond" positive behaviors at work, like giving co-workers
encouragement or voicing appreciation.

On the other hand, managers who experienced more interpersonal justice reported
significantly less mental depletion and more positive behavior.

Johnson, Lanaj, and Barnes say this research could help organizations better
manage interventions for employees. While maintaining procedural fairness is
important, organizations could benefit by taking steps to ensure opportunities
for interpersonal justice behaviors to help employees replenish their mental
resources.

Reference

Johnson, R. E., Lanaj, K., Barnes, C. M. (2014). The good and bad of being fair:
Effects of procedural and interpersonal justice behaviors on regulatory
resources. Journal of Applied Psychology, 99(4), 635-650. DOI: 10.1037/a0035647

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              376 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 31, 2014 Sunday

Washington: For Managers, Upholding Fairness Comes at a Cost

LENGTH: 717  words

DATELINE: Washington


Association for Psychological Science has issued the following news release:

The French novelist Victor Hugo wrote that "being good is easy, what is
difficult is being just." A recent study on fairness in the workplace may lend
support to his claim.

PAFF_082614_WorkJusticeMFB_newsfeatureAlthough fairness is typically heralded as
something good, psychological scientists Russell E. Johnson (Michigan State
University), Klodiana Lanaj (University of Florida), and Christopher M. Barnes
(University of Washington) found that for those charged with enforcing it,
workplace justice may actually come at a cost.

Abiding by rules and procedures has been shown to drain mental resources,
leading the researchers to hypothesize that enforcing the rules could also be
mentally draining. When people's mental resources are low it's tougher for them
to maintain the self-control needed to resist negative behaviors and behave in
positive ways.

In the workplace, procedural justice refers to the way employees perceive
organizational rules and polices meant to maintain fairness in the workplace.
The team's research suggests that managers who spent more time applying
procedural justice actually ended up paying the price in depleted self-control
and diminished positive behavior.

"Indeed, companies that encourage procedurally just behavior from their
employees in an attempt to create positive work environments may inadvertently
(and ironically) create a different set of problems owing to diminished
self-control," they wrote in the Journal of Applied Psychology.

However, not all justice behaviors are depleting. Interpersonal justice
describes the way employees perceive fairness when rules and procedures are
communicated to them. Previous research has shown that interpersonal justice
behaviors can even replenish mental resources.

Unlike the closely monitored, rule-bound behavior expected in procedural
justice, interpersonal justice largely depends on the social rules of courtesy
and respect that people encounter every day. Because mental resources are
bolstered when people experience positive social interactions, the researchers
expected that managers implementing interpersonal justice would report less
depletion of their mental resources.

For the study, a sample of 82 managers were given a daily self-report survey for
10 consecutive work days. The survey questions on justice behavior, positive
work behavior, and mental depletion were adapted from previously validated
scales to ensure the effectiveness of the survey.

As expected, people who engaged in more frequent procedural justice
behaviors-such as suppressing personal bias in making decisions-experienced a
greater degree of mental depletion. The day after carrying out procedural
justice managers were more likely to report that they had trouble focusing and
concentrating.

"In contrast to previous research focusing solely on the beneficial effects of
justice, our results indicate that procedural justice behaviors--which entail
navigating potentially complex issues in a manner that suppresses the potential
biasing effects of self-interest and favoritism toward ingroup members--is
draining, leaving employees with fewer available resources," the researchers
state.

Procedural justice behaviors also resulted in decreases in positive behavior.
When participants were mentally depleted they were less likely engage in
"above-and-beyond" positive behaviors at work, like giving co-workers
encouragement or voicing appreciation.

On the other hand, managers who experienced more interpersonal justice reported
significantly less mental depletion and more positive behavior.

Johnson, Lanaj, and Barnes say this research could help organizations better
manage interventions for employees. While maintaining procedural fairness is
important, organizations could benefit by taking steps to ensure opportunities
for interpersonal justice behaviors to help employees replenish their mental
resources.

Reference

Johnson, R. E., Lanaj, K., Barnes, C. M. (2014). The good and bad of being fair:
Effects of procedural and interpersonal justice behaviors on regulatory
resources. Journal of Applied Psychology, 99(4), 635-650. DOI: 10.1037/a0035647

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              377 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        West Seattle Herald (Washington)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 26, 2014

Former Vader teacher tells all;
IDEAS WITH ATTITUDE

BYLINE: West Seattle Herald staff

LENGTH: 608  words


In the summer of 1938 I applied to teach in the little town of Vader,
Washington. I ended up teaching a combination first and second grade classroom.
What a traumatic time for me-setting up housekeeping for the very first time. In
that year, Vader was only a little spot in the road and not the bedroom
community that it is today. I lived in a former so-called mother-in-law
apartment attached to a big, older family home near the school. Even though it
was called an apartment it consisted only of a large living-dining-kitchen area
and a small bathroom, which contained the only sink.

My family cooperated in helping me to set up by securing a hotplate for cooking
and constructing a kitchen cupboard. The only water available was from the sink
in the room with the toilet. I remember that I bought a dishpan from the Vader
General Store (run by the head of the school board) so that I could bring water
into my makeshift kitchen cupboard to wash dishes in after heating water in my
teakettle on my hotplate.

Since I was the only outsider in the town for the first few months after I came,
people would watch my every move and even watch to see when my lights went out
at night. Once, some young boys stole my bicycle, which I used to ride around
town, and dumped it through the broken-out windows of the abandoned bank. I had
to get help to get it out. A government sponsored school lunch program provided
me a hot lunch, including fresh bread, every school day. There was no special
education, so a retarded boy sat on the floor and played with his little cars in
my 3rd-4th grade class. The older students looked out for him on the playground.

This logging town diminished in population after the trees were all cut, and the
school, which had been twelve grades, diminished in size to serve only the first
eight grades. Since the upper floor was now empty, the army used it to billet a
group of soldiers who were there to guard a local bridge. I used to go to the
school in the evenings to play the piano for the men who came into the gymnasium
for recreation. Since they were mostly from Texas, I had requests for The Yellow
Rose of Texas over and over. I even began dating a tall, handsome blonde fellow
from Texas.

The gossip in town amongst the young women was that you couldn't get married
there unless you got pregnant first. I found out that any local fellow that I
dated before the soldiers came to town must have bought into that story, as even
on a first date a young woman was often pressed into sex. Although I was quite
naive, I had a built-in sense of self protection which stood me in good stead,
as they say. What memories I have looking back on those early years. None of
those dating problems plague me today, since I have found a special companion to
share a great part of my life. No more worries about finding a date or teetering
around on four inch heels these days. Life is rich without the pitfalls that
younger people face.

Recently, when I was down visiting relatives in the Chehalis area, I took a
drive through Vader and did not recognize it. So many new homes had sprung up
everywhere that I realized the truth in that statement, "You can't go home
again." The only certainty is change. Life is challenging, but exciting at the
same time. Savor every moment of it.

Georgie Bright Kunkel is a freelance writer who can be reached at 206-935-8663
or gnkunkel@comcast.net

"I lived in a former so-called mother-in-law apartment attached to a big, older
family home near the school. Even though it was called an apartment it consisted
only of a large living-dining-kitchen area and a small bathroom which contained
the only sink."

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Guest Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WSH

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 West Seattle Herald


                              378 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                              May 13, 2014 Tuesday
                                 Early Edition

Historic home appears doomed; Bid to save 19th-century structure on Rideau from
demolition might be too little, too late

BYLINE: Michael Woods, Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: CITY; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 669 words


A community activist's last-ditch effort to save a 19th-century home on Rideau
Street from being demolished might be too little, too late.

Marc Aubin, who plans to run for city council in Rideau-Vanier this fall, says
the Stewart-Dworkin House at 236 Rideau St. should be preserved as a treasured
piece of the city's history.

But the city's planning department says alterations to the home have diminished
its architectural significance, and it has lost its contextual value as Rideau
Street has been developed.

Demolition of the home just west of King Edward Avenue has already started.
Aubin started a petition over the weekend to save it. By Monday evening, the
petition had more than 550 signatures.

The home was built in 1877 for John Stewart, a prominent Ottawa contractor whose
jobs included the Supreme Court and the West Block of Parliament Hill. The
property changed hands a number of times until Abraham Dworkin, a prominent
Jewish furrier, and his wife bought it in 1921. It was home to Dworkin Furs
until 2012, when the store closed and developer Phoenix Homes bought the
property. There are now plans to build two 26-storey towers on the site.

Aubin recently tracked down the original owner's descendants in San Diego,
Calif., who sent him a photo of the home from the 1880s. That, along with his
other research, should be enough to halt the demolition for now, he said.

"There should be a pause and maybe a re-evaluation of the value of the property
at this point," said Aubin, a former president of the Lowertown Community
Association. "I really think they could still go ahead with the two towers and
do something maybe to integrate the façade of the house."

However, the city says the community has known about the home's fate for some
time. A summary of facts on the building prepared by Sally Coutts, co-ordinator
of the city's heritage services section, said, "Alterations to it over the years
have removed its original character and radically diminished its architectural
significance." The city says alterations to 256 Rideau St. over the years have
removed its original character and radically diminished its architectural
significance.

Those changes, according to a city heritage survey, are as follows:

..the home's windows have been replaced;

..there have been a number of additions;

..a historic veranda at the front has been removed;

..bay windows, concrete steps and a metal railing have been added.

The city also said the Dworkin building has lost its contextual value as a
result of redevelopment on Rideau Street. The city considers a building's
context an important factor when determining its significance.

That isn't enough to convince Aubin. "Some of the features are missing but
realistically every heritage building gets altered, and we've seen lots of
examples of restoration," he said.

The man he hopes to unseat, Coun. Mathieu Fleury, suggested Aubin is looking for
some early election fodder. "He's not a candidate yet, but you can see his
positioning. That (demolition) permit was given in December 2013," he said.
"It's kind of weird to come in now and say, 'Reconsider, do this, do that.'
We're already further down the process."

Fleury said he has major concerns about what could be built on the site and
wants to avoid a "canyon effect" on the corridor. The city is challenging
Phoenix's site plan at the Ontario Municipal Board. But the heritage matter has
long been dealt with, he said.

"The process was followed. Red flags weren't raised," he said.

The city has designated three other areas where Ottawa's Jewish community lived
and worked upon their arrival in the ByWard Market, Lowertown and Sandy Hill,
Coutts wrote in her summary.

"It would make more sense to highlight those aspects of community history than
to protect this one structure with little architectural significance and no
context."

Aubin said he plans to file his nomination papers in June, and that preserving
heritage buildings will be a cornerstone of his campaign.

mwoods@ottawacitizen.com twitter.com/michaelrwoods

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Pat McGrath, Ottawa Citizen; A local heritage activist is campaigning
to save this building at 256 Rideau St. from destruction, but the effort may be
too late as demolition has started.; Photo Supplied By Marc Aubin;  The 256
Rideau St. home circa 1880. The Stewart-Dworkin home was built in 1877 for
contractor John Stewart, who worked on the West Block.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Ottawa Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              379 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                              July 13, 2012 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Victims' families left with doubts

BYLINE: Times Colonist

SECTION: COMMENT; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 636 words


Two gruesome murder cases have rekindled the debate about diminished legal
responsibility. Last November, a mentally ill Vancouver man, Jordan Ramsay,
bludgeoned his father to death with a wrench and severely injured his mother.
Ramsay had stopped taking his medication, and was experimenting with an
unconventional vitamin therapy.

However in court two weeks ago, the 27-year-old was ruled not criminally
responsible because of his underlying illness. A review board will decide what
form of treatment Ramsay requires.

And we learned recently that the man who beheaded a Greyhound bus passenger in
Manitoba is now permitted daytime excursions from the psychiatric facility where
he's being held. In 2008, Vince Li stabbed to death a fellow passenger and ate
part of the body.

But like Ramsay, Li was judged not criminally responsible due to mental illness.
The family of his victim is outraged that Li has been reintroduced to society so
soon.

In one respect, these rulings are uncontroversial. Both of the accused are
indisputably ill, and their ailment - acute schizophrenia - creates delusions
that can alter reality. Li and Ramsay believed they were confronted by aliens.

Our justice system is built on the moral premise that to establish guilt, it
must be shown the perpetrator had choice. But someone whose mind is clouded with
delusions cannot choose freely.

Yet impeccable as this reasoning is, a hint of dissatisfaction remains. Part of
it is the voice of experience whispering doubts in our ear.

We recall cases where psychiatrists have offered testimony in criminal cases
that seemed unlikely or even plain silly.

Famously, the man who killed gay activist and San Francisco politician Harvey
Milk evaded a murder conviction, thanks to one such diagnosis.

A mental-health specialist suggested that the accused must have been suffering
from depression, because he had begun eating junk food. The so-called "Twinkie
defence" so outraged public opinion, California's state legislature toughened
the law around diminished capacity.

But our main source of concern focuses around the sense of unredressed harm
involved. In Li's case, an innocent young man with his whole life before him was
cut down in a grotesque and savage assault. Surely, we feel, something more than
a clinical diagnosis is needed to make things right.

Aboriginal peoples recognize this need with the employment of healing circles.
The idea is that true justice is less about legal doctrines than about repairing
whatever damage occurred.

Offenders are encouraged to reach out to the victim or family, to offer
restitution where possible and to undertake community work as a form of
atonement.

But in dealing with diminished capacity, our courts ignore this human need we
all feel. Mentally ill offenders are handed over to a review board, composed of
legal and medical experts, but no one who speaks for the victims (though victim
impact statements can be offered).

The board is instructed to impose "the least onerous and least restrictive"
constraints possible - a clear hint about how to proceed. And unless it can be
shown that the offender represents a "significant" threat to public safety, an
absolute discharge must be granted.

All of this flows logically from the legal principles at stake. Yet it does not
address the underlying reality of such cases: Family and friends are left
reeling, but the law finds nothing to say to them.

This is not to suggest a more punitive approach. That would be as morally wrong
as it would be ineffectual.

But between locking someone like Vince Li away, and releasing him back into the
community, there is a third option. As circumstances permit, ways should be
found to help such offenders make what amends are possible.

Organized properly, this would bring closure, and as much to the perpetrators as
to the victims.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2012 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              380 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Ledger (Lakeland, Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              April 6, 2012 Friday

Diminished Entry-Level Wages Daunting for Young Workers

BYLINE: Elvina Nawaguna, The Ledger, Lakeland, Fla.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 739 words


April 06--LAKELAND -- Although students are graduating with more school loan
debt than ever before, they are entering a work force that might keep them in
debt even longer.

Young workers today are starting off at lower inflation-adjusted wages than a
decade ago, even those with college degrees, says a report from the Economic
Policy Institute, a Washington, D.C.-based think tank.

Billy Smith, a junior at Florida Southern College in Lakeland, is well aware of
what awaits him when he graduates.

With a sociology major and a psychology minor, Smith says he expects to default
on school loans because of lower wages in an already low-paying field.

"I know. It's bad, but you've got to do what you've got to do," he said.

Lawrence Mishel, Economic Policy Institute president and author of the report,
said starting wages are low across all education groups, but traditionally
disadvantaged people suffer the most.

"This is not a problem of too many liberal arts majors," he said. "When you have
a problem, young workers are affected the most."

Entry-level wages fell for college graduates from 2000 to 2007, declining by 2.5
percent among men and 1.6 percent for women. The wage boom of the late 1990s
ended in 2001 for most entry-level workers, and wages declined steeply between
2007 and 2011.

The entry-level hourly wage for a male high school graduate in 2011 was 25.3
percent less than in 1979, a drop of about $4 per hour in 2011 dollars. Among
high school women, the wage fell by 14.2 percent during the same period, a loss
of about $1.64 in 2011 dollars, the report said.

It's not surprising to see low starting wages in times like this, said Carl
Brown, a professor of economics at Florida Southern College's Barney Barnett
School of Business & Free Enterprise.

"I think it's more a reflection of the current economic conditions than it is a
reflection of the long-term viability of college degrees," he said, adding that
real wages adjusted for inflation have gone up only about 4 percent since 1980.

With more people graduating with college degrees than ever, Brown said, the
forces of supply and demand come into play. There are too many graduates chasing
too few jobs.

Gordon Kettle, an economics consultant in Polk County, said that during times
like this, the applicant pool is very high and fewer people quit their jobs,
therefore job seekers have diminished bargaining power. Many are willing to take
low-paying jobs because they don't have a choice.

"It's a timing issue, unfortunately," he said. "But that doesn't mean that's
going to be the norm going forward."

Job seekers with college degrees have it better than those without. Data showed
job seekers with only high school diplomas had higher unemployment levels than
those with college educations.

Still, Kettle said, students should carefully consider what programs to pursue
rather than pursue degrees in fields with low demand.

"I don't advocate somebody giving up their dreams," he said. "You have to study
something that you like, but you also have to look at some balance."

Rather than dwell on the low entry-level pay, Kettle advises job seekers to
focus more on the long-term benefits a company has to offer, such as training
opportunities and the ability to move up the ladder.

Mishel, who's preparing a full report on the state of working America to be
released in August, said entry-level pay will remain low for another four to
five years and wages will continue to rise very slowly.

"The unfortunate thing is that a deep, persistent recession like this is going
to scar young people for their lifetime," he said.

Despite the gloomy news, economists encourage college students to soldier on and
not to be discouraged.

"I'd tell them to finish the degree, absolutely," Brown said. "The difference
between those with (only) some college and those with the degree is remarkable."

Beyond just increasing your earning potential, Brown said, a college degree sets
you apart, makes you a more productive worker and offers "psychic income" --
self-value. The workplace of the future, he said, will require higher levels of
skills, not less.

"As the economy improves, demand for labor will increase and so will wages," he
said. "I'm very hopeful for college graduates."

[ Elvina Nawaguna can be reached at elvina.nawaguna@theledger.com or 802-7515. ]

___ (c)2012 The Ledger (Lakeland, Fla.) Visit The Ledger (Lakeland, Fla.) at
www.theledger.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120406-LL-Diminished
-Entry-Level-Wages-Daunting-for-Young-Workers-0406-20120406

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LL


                           Copyright 2012 The Ledger


                              381 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                          September 16, 2009 Wednesday

Baltimore County judge rules verdict stands in Exxon leak

BYLINE: Danny Jacobs

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 625  words


A Baltimore County judge has upheld nearly all of a $150 million award to 89
Jacksonville homeowners who sued ExxonMobil Corp. in the aftermath of a 2006 gas
station leak.

Visiting Judge Maurice W. Baldwin Jr. reduced four plaintiffs' non-economic
damages to $665,000, the cap at the time of the 26,000-plus-gallon leak, and
reduced damages for the diminished value of four other homes that were sold
following the leak.

After a five-month trial in Baltimore County Circuit Court, the jury in March
awarded $71 million in non-economic damages, $61 million in diminution of
property value and more than $14 million in medical monitoring following a
five-month trial. It did not award punitive damages on charges of fraud by
concealment against Exxon as the plaintiffs sought.

Baldwin, in denying motions related specifically to the awarded damages, found
the jury appropriately weighed all of the evidence in reaching its decisions.

The judge acknowledged he would have awarded "considerably lower" damages for
non-economic injuries such as the plaintiffs' fear of developing cancer, which
he called "overstated"; however, he found the jury's awards were not "shocking
or excessive. "

On the diminished property values, Baldwin reduced the award only for four homes
that sold after the leak to the difference between their pre-leak appraisal and
post-leak sales price. However, he wrote, he was "very tempted" to reduce the
damages awarded for all of the homes, which essentially amounted to their
pre-leak values.

"I will decline that strong temptation by keeping in mind that the jury's view
of the admitted evidence should be respected unless the verdict is against the
weight of the evidence, shocks the conscience, is grossly excessive or is
excessive," Baldwin wrote. "It is not, but is a millimeter shy of those
standards. "

Baldwin, a retired Harford County judge, signed his opinion Sept. 9 but lawyers
in the case did not receive it until Tuesday. His order has yet to be docketed
in Baltimore County Circuit Court as of Tuesday afternoon.

Mike Davis, one of the plaintiffs in the case, called Baldwin's decision
"fantastic" and said it demonstrated the judge and jury's attentiveness during
the trial.

"It's what should be expected by the people in this lawsuit," he said.

At the same time, however, Davis said he was "not going to be holding my breath"
waiting for Exxon to pay because of a potential appeal.

Indeed, James F. Sanders, Exxon's lead counsel, said from his Nashville, Tenn.,
office that an appeal is likely but no formal decision has been made.

Stephen L. Snyder, the plaintiffs' lead counsel, said that if Exxon appeals, he
would file a cross appeal on the fraud count.

"We hope that Exxon will respect the verdict in light of the judge's decision
and will pay the verdict in full and let these people move on with their lives,"
said Snyder, of Snyder & Snyder in Pikesville.

Snyder said he thought Baldwin's comments were the judge's way of confirming the
"sovereignty" of the jury.

"He was trying to convey the jury's verdict as sacrosanct," Snyder said.

The lawyer agreed that property damages for the four households who later sold
their homes should reflect the sales price and said Baldwin's opinion gave his
clients "100 percent" of what they requested.

Baldwin denied a so-called "omnibus motion" filed by the plaintiffs which sought
to prevent Exxon from pursuing post-trial motions. The plaintiffs argued in part
that Exxon, through its lawyer's closing argument, agreed to pay any
compensatory damages awarded by the jury as long as it did not award punitive
damages.

"A fair reading of the closing arguments does not reveal a commitment or
invitation to decline punitives in exchange for hefty compensatory awards,"
Baldwin wrote.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              382 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Michigan Lawyers Weekly

                                  May 12, 2008

Commentary: Michigan Supreme Court diminishes the right to jury trial in civil
cases

BYLINE: Paul A. Rosen, Esq.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 645  words


A 25-page scholarly paper has been written concerning the constitutional right
to jury trial in Michigan.

Authored by Wayne State University Law School's "distinguished professor of
law," Robert A. Sedler, the paper is narrowly focused and reveals that the
Michigan Supreme Court has greatly - and precipitously - diminished the jury
trial right in civil cases, beginning in 1999.

Sedler reviewed cases decided over a 20-year period involving the right to a
jury resolution of fact questions as that right was attacked by summary
disposition motions and post-judgment motions for new trials and judgment N.O.V.

His research showed that, since their arrival in 1999, the Supreme Court's
self-proclaimed "conservative" majority has nullified the right to trial by jury
in over 70 percent of cases considering that important issue.

What's more, the court's negative approach has been followed in decisions by
lower courts such that the constitutional right of the people to decide their
factual disputes has been too often taken from them.

Sedler's paper did not deal with Supreme Court decisions which have drastically
changed the common law and strained interpretations of statutes, both of which
had the effect of narrowing protections previously afforded to victims.

Those decisions have also indirectly diminished the right to jury resolution of
disputes between citizens.

It may be argued that both the narrowing of the common law and interpretation of
statutes are consistent with the court's claimed "conservative" judicial
philosophy as opposed to a conservative political agenda.

But this claim is suspect because a philosophically conservative court would be
the vigilant guardian of the right to jury trial.

The concept of a jury trial is conservative in purpose: to protect the
individual from abuses of the government and equally powerful forces in our
society.

Each time the Supreme Court decides a factual question, as distinct from a
question of law, the court imposes the power of its branch of government on the
people.

Yet, there is nothing in the experience of judges which make them more expert in
deciding questions of fact than the citizens who sit in a jury box. Indeed, the
collective experience and wisdom of the jury far exceeds that of a small elite
group of government officials identified as justices cloistered in a courthouse
in Lansing.

The Supreme Court majority are members of the Federalist Society. It is
disappointing that as jurists they forget the values expressed by the original
Federalist and in particular the Founder Fathers' recognition that the right to
jury trial and liberty are inextricably intertwined.

In discussing the right to jury trial, the author of Federalist Paper No. 83
stated that any dispute between the Founders concerning the right to jury trial
"consists of this: the former regarded it as a valuable safeguard to liberty;
the latter represent it as the very palladium of a free government. "

The original Federalist recognized that the jury was "a defense against the
oppression of a hereditary monarch than as a barrier to the tyranny of a popular
magistrate and popular government. "

Finally, our Founders wisely recognized "the inseparable connection between the
existence of liberty and the right to trial by jury in civil cases. "

By diminishing the right to trial by jury the present Supreme Court majority has
damaged the protection afforded by the Constitution and our liberty as
originally expressed and intended by those of our founding fathers whom that
majority claim to venerate and follow.

[Editor's note: A copy of Professor Robert A. Sedler's article can be viewed on
the Social Science Research Network's Web site, www.ssrn.com. The abstract
number is #1118807.]

Paul A. Rosen is a founding partner of Rosen & Lovell, P.C. in Southfield. He
specializes in personal injury and products liability litigation.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              383 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 28, 1990, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

U.S. Curtails 24-Hour Duty Of Its Flying Command Post

BYLINE: By ERIC SCHMITT, Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 6, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 871 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 27


In a sign of budget constraints and a cold war thaw, the Defense Department has
stopped the round-the-clock flights of an airborne command post that for three
decades has been a symbol of America's readiness to wage nuclear war.

The decision means the demise of the last remaining component of the Air Force's
round-the-clock airborne defense. The other major component, continuous flights
by B-52's loaded with nuclear bombs, was ended in 1968, largely because of its
high cost and an increased reliance on nuclear-armed submarines and
intercontinental ballistic missiles.

Under the new policy, which took effect Tuesday, the command planes will remain
on ground alert and fly ''random air sorties each week,'' the Air Force said.

''We haven't diminished our vigilance at all,'' said a Bush Administration
official, adding that the continuous flights could be resumed at any time.

Reversal by Bush

The new policy is a reversal by President Bush, who rejected a recommendation by
Defense Secretary Dick Cheney last December to halt the flights. White House
officials expressed concern at that time that ending the round-the-clock flights
would send a public signal that the United States was moving too fast to cut its
military capabilities.

Seven months later, however, a diminished tensions with the Soviet Union,
improved American intelligence-gathering abilities and mounting budget deficits
combined to persuade the White House that halting the flights ''was an idea
whose time has come,'' an Administration official said today.

Lieut. Gen. George D. Miller, retired, who was vice commander of the Strategic
Air Command from 1980 to 1984, said in an interview, ''The changing world
situation certainly leads one to believe that the possibility of surprise attack
has diminished.''

Curtailing the flights will save the Air Force $18 million in the fiscal year
beginning Oct. 1 and $23 million the next year, an Air Force spokesman #3
Decades of Vigilance Since Feb. 3, 1961, the Air Force has continuously kept
aloft, on a rotating basis, a fleet of nine planes referred to as ''Looking
Glass.'' The planes, Boeing 707's that are equipped with communications and
intelligence equipment, are so called because their purpose mirrors that of the
Strategic Air Command's underground control center at Offutt Air Force Base in
Omaha.

Each flight is commanded by an Air Force general from SAC, who would assume
control of the nation's nuclear forces if the underground center was destroyed
and the country's top political leaders killed in a nuclear attack.

The Defense Department last December endorsed a proposal from the Strategic Air
Command to curtail the flights, citing easing global tensions and increasing
pressure to cut military spending. But when Brent Scowcroft, a former Air Force
general who is President Bush's national security adviser, learned of the plan
he called Mr. Cheney to block the proposal, objecting to the public perception
it created.

The plan, however, simmered on the White House's back burner, bubbling up with
every new turn in world events and each new forecast of worsening budget
deficits.

'Ground-Alert Status'

By late last month, Administration officials said, Mr. Scowcroft had
reconsidered his stance, found the timing better and recommended that Mr. Bush
approve the plan. The President agreed.

On June 29, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Colin L. Powell,
sent a message to the commander of the Strategic Air Command, Gen. John T. Chain
Jr., ordering ''Looking Glass'' into a ''ground-alert status.''

General Chain commanded the last of the 24-hour-a-day flights, which touched
down at 2:28 P.M., central standard time, on Tuesday at Offutt, where the planes
are based.

The Administration's decision clearly reflects greater confidence in the
military's ability to detect early signs of a Soviet nuclear alert. ''And with
greater warning time, we see no reason to keep spending money to keep these
planes in the air all the time,'' said the chief Pentagon spokesman, Pete
Williams.

Strain on Generals

At the same time, Pentagon officials and military experts said that curtailing
the continuous flights would ease the burden on the two dozen Air Force generals
who take turns commanding flights. Until now, there have been three flights a
day, one taking off every eight hours.

''It's an awful strain on the SAC general corps to maintain this round-the-clock
operation at a time when the threat of a Soviet surprise attack is extremely
remote,'' said Bruce G. Blair, an expert on nuclear command systems at the
Brookings Institution here.

A Senate Armed Services Committee report released this week said that the Soviet
Union had ceased submarine patrols off the United States and flights by
nuclear-armed bombers skirting Canada's northern border.

Administration officials today sought to distinguish between this week's
''Looking Glass'' decision and Mr. Cheney's continuing commitment to modernize
the United States strategic arsenal.

While the planes could be airborne again at the first sign of trouble, a drastic
cut in the production of nuclear weapons ''would take years to reverse,'' an
Administration official said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1990 The New York Times Company


                              384 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Geelong Advertiser (Australia)

                            August 30, 2011 Tuesday
                           1 - First Edition Edition

Hurricane slows after killing 18 and flooding streets Irene blows away

BYLINE: US New York, MOnday

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 320 words


IRENE raced across a shuttered New York City and charged into the northern New
England region on Sunday as it weakened to a tropical storm. It left behind a
stunned US East Coast at least 18 people died, severe flooding was widespread
and four million homes and businesses lost power.

As waves continued to pound the shores east and north of America's biggest city,
New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg lifted the evacuation order for 370,000
people in low-lying areas.

Irene sent seawater surging into lower Manhattan's streets, but the city
appeared to escape the worst fears of urban disaster vast power outages,
hurricane-shattered skyscraper windows and severe flooding.

There was no immediate indication when New York might start its subways again,
but the New York Stock Exchange was ready to open for trading yesterday.

New England residents were feeling the brunt of the diminished but
still-dangerous storm, which will cause flooding and winds that could topple
many towering trees anchored in soil already saturated by earlier heavy rains.
The storm was expected to move over eastern Canada by Sunday night.

Chris Fogarty, director of the Canadian Hurricane Centre in Halifax, said Irene
was expected to push into the Maritime provinces and eastern Quebec late on
Sunday and warned the storm will still have the potential to cause flooding and
wind damage. He said the heaviest rainfall was expected in Quebec while high
winds and pounding surf were more of a concern in Nova Scotia and New Brunswick.

Forecasters said Irene, while diminished in strength, was still massive and
powerful, with powerful winds extending hundreds of kilometres from the centre.
Early damage estimates were in the billions of dollars.

Insured damage from Irene will range between $2 billion and $3 billion, and the
total losses will likely be about $7 billion, according to preliminary estimates
by Kinetic Analysis Corp, a consulting firm.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GAT


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              385 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 12, 2015 Thursday

US Patent granted to Soitec (FR) on March 10 titled as "III-V semiconductor
structures with diminished pit defects and methods for forming the same"

LENGTH: 188  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has granted patent no. 8,975,165, on
March 10, 2015, to Soitec (FR), titled as "III-V semiconductor structures with
diminished pit defects and methods for forming the same"

Inventors: Figuet; Christophe (Crolles, FR), Lindow; Ed (Scottsdale, AZ),
Tomasini; Pierre (Tempe, AZ)

Assignee: Soitec (Bernin, FR)

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Embodiments relate to semiconductor structures and methods of forming them. In
some embodiments, the methods may be used to fabricate semiconductor structures
of III-V materials, such as InGaN. An In-III-V semiconductor layer is grown with
an Indium concentration above a saturation regime by adjusting growth conditions
such as a temperature of a growth surface to create a super-saturation regime
wherein the In-III-V semiconductor layer will grow with a diminished density of
V-pits relative to the saturation regime."

The patent was filed on. February 17, 2011 Application no. 13/029,213

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              386 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           October 29, 2011 Saturday
                                Regional Edition

Money where our nation needs it most

BYLINE: Harold Meyerson

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 820 words


Who will rebuild America? Despite the indisputable decay of our roads, bridges,
ports, airports and schools, no one has come forward to patch them up, much less
build their more efficient and attractive successors.

"Prior to 1975," says Bernard Schwartz, the former  chief executive of defense
and aerospace manufacturer Loral Corp., who has taken on the rebuilding of our
infrastructure as a personal crusade, "we spent 3 percent of our GDP on
infrastructure. Since then, we've spent 2 percent. If you add up that difference
over the years, it comes to about $2 trillion, which is the amount that the
American Society of Civil Engineers says would be required to bring our
infrastructure up to par."

What happened in 1975? It's roughly the midpoint between the federal
government's enactment of Medicare and the indexing of Social Security, which
greatly diminished poverty among U.S. seniors, and the Howard Jarvis/Ronald
Reagan tax revolt, which greatly diminished government revenues. That left fewer
funds for public construction projects, but at the time, our infrastructure was
still pretty spiffy - the interstate highway system had only recently been
completed, and the jet-age airports in major U.S. cities were still relatively
new.

Today they're sagging, and they're dragging the country down with them. But
government, hamstrung by austerity-obsessed centrists and the anti-government
radical right, is not stepping up to rebuild them. A bill to establish a federal
infrastructure bank has been introduced in the Senate by Massachusetts Democrat
John Kerry and Texas Republican Kay Bailey Hutchison, but it's hard to imagine
the do-nothing House Republicans supporting such a measure.

Which leaves - whom? U.S. banks and corporations are sitting on trillions of
dollars, but there's scant indication they want to invest it in America. A
recent column in the Wall Street Journal called on U.S. billionaires to put
their money into public projects in return for tax benefits and naming rights.
(The Rupert Murdoch Sewage Treatment Plant? Has a ring to it.) I'm not aware of
any takers who've come forth, however, to answer this plea.

But there are other pots of money in the United States - most prominently, our
pension funds. And one group of pension funds has already begun to pony up the
bucks to rebuild the nation: those controlled (at least in part) by America's
unions.

The retirement set-asides for unionized public employees and construction
workers go into funds that their unions and their employers jointly control. In
June, AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka announced that unions would invest $10
billion over the next five years in infrastructure projects. Since then, the
AFL-CIO's construction-worker division has put $200 million of pension money
into   retrofitting buildings, while the retirement funds of California teachers
and other public employees have committed between $1.1 billion and $1.4 billion
to infrastructure projects in the state. (Bound by their fiduciary
responsibility to the retirees, the funds' trustees must be confident that the
projects will generate revenues, through tolls, fees, and the economic growth
that such projects engender.)

"At a time when banks have frozen investment and municipalities have frozen
borrowing, we've decided to step forward," says Randi Weingarten, the president
of the American Federation of Teachers. In January, Weingarten began meeting
with the leaders of other major public employee unions, including some - the
Service Employees International Union, the National Education Association - that
aren't AFL-CIO members. They decided to commit a share of their retirement funds
to projects that shored up the nation's infrastructure. The Clinton Global
Initiative (CGI) assisted them, setting up meetings between the union leaders
and supportive state treasurers.

The former president himself touted these efforts at a CGI meeting last month.
"This is a huge deal," he said. "This system will work, and you get guaranteed
savings."

Public-employee pension benefits have taken a lot of heat in recent years. Many
have questioned their affordability, while Republicans such as Wisconsin Gov.
Scott Walker and Ohio Gov. John Kasich have sought to effectively banish
public-employee unions in the bargain. But such unions not only represent U.S.
workers, they also are among America's major investors - just about the only big
investors these days who are putting their money where the nation needs it most.
It's a smart political move on their part, but it's a smarter economic one: The
economy can't recover so long as construction fails to revive, and the number of
teachers, firefighters and cops will decline as long as the economy doesn't
recover.

"We're investing in a way that makes sense for our funds, for job creation, for
the country," says Weingarten. "It's another way that teachers can help build
America's future."

meyersonh@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              387 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          December 19, 2001 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Angelos Says He'll Stick With Thrift;
Owner: Orioles Rebuilding to Compete in 2003

BYLINE: Dave Sheinin, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 986 words

DATELINE: BALTIMORE Dec. 18


With his team clearly in transition, Baltimore Orioles owner Peter Angelos said
he has no plans to replace Vice President of Baseball Operations Syd Thrift but
said he is considering eventually promoting Thrift to a higher position in the
organization.

A promotion for Thrift "isn't something we are considering right now," Angelos
said. "Syd is functioning as our vice president in charge of baseball matters,
and he is working as diligently as anyone I've seen. His job is not in
jeopardy."

Angelos acknowledged vetoing a deal that Thrift negotiated last week at
baseball's annual winter meetings in Boston. The deal, which would have sent
five key major leaguers and prospects -- pitchers Buddy Groom, Sidney Ponson,
Sean Douglass and Erik Bedard, plus first baseman-outfielder Jeff Conine -- to
the Phillies for third baseman Scott Rolen and three throw-ins. The Orioles
believed it would have taken a further commitment of $ 140 million to $ 150
million to sign Rolen, 26, to a long-term deal.

"I wouldn't have exchanged that many players for Rolen unless he was the one
player we needed to go to the playoffs or World Series, and we're not in that
position," Angelos said. "Baseball sense says you don't make that move when
you're in a rebuilding status. . . . And assuming we were willing to make that
kind of trade, I don't know any player who is worth $ 150 million."

Angelos bristled at the suggestion that such a veto constitutes "meddling" in
the baseball operations.

"There were those [in the organization] who thought the proposal had merit," he
said. "But as a matter of fact, Syd was not for the proposal, nor was he
advocating it. He wasn't trying to sell the deal. . . . The fact these [trade
proposals] are presented to me in discussion is nothing unusual. [New York
Yankees General Manager] Brian Cashman did not sign Jason Giambi. [Owner] George
Steinbrenner did."

While sources inside the organization have reported a cooling relationship
between Angelos and Thrift, such a perception may have arisen from the
organization's decision to reduce payroll in 2002, which has made it difficult
for Thrift to accomplish his stated goal of adding a cleanup hitter, leadoff
hitter, ace starting pitcher and closer by Opening Day.

With the Orioles projecting diminished attendance -- and diminished revenues --
and little chance of competing for a playoff spot in the first year of the
post-Cal Ripken era at Camden Yards, Angelos has been reluctant to spend money
on premium free agents the way the team did in the past.

Instead of a payroll of $ 70 million to $ 80 million, as the Orioles have
carried the last four years, the 2002 payroll for the 25-man roster could be
closer to $ 50 million.

However, Angelos is also literally paying for past mistakes. The Orioles next
season will pay around $ 22 million -- or roughly the entire 2001 Montreal Expos
payroll -- in salaries or deferred payments to players who will not be playing
for them in 2002.

Included in that figure: roughly $ 3.9 million to retired outfielder Albert
Belle (the portion not covered by insurance); $ 2 million to Mike Timlin, whom
the team traded to St. Louis in 2000; $ 4 million to Brady Anderson, whom
Baltimore released last month; $ 4.5 million to Pat Hentgen, who is likely to
miss the season following Tommy John surgery; and roughly $ 8 million in
deferred payments to former Orioles Mike Mussina, Rafael Palmeiro and Roberto
Alomar.

Some industry sources have suggested that Angelos's payroll reduction is a means
of positioning the Orioles as a mid-market franchise that would be jeopardized
by the introduction of a franchise to the Washington/Northern Virginia area -- a
position that was more difficult to support when the Orioles were one of the
biggest spenders in the game.

In any case, the reduced payroll has meant the Orioles have had little
involvement in pursuing such players as Barry Bonds, Johnny Damon and Juan
Gonzalez. It also apparently has led Angelos to shoot down several proposed
trades that would have added to the payroll, including one that would have sent
shortstop Mike Bordick and prospects to the San Diego Padres for a package
headed by outfielder Ray Lankford.

Thrift said he speaks with Angelos every day, and often two or three times a
day. "I'm an employee," Thrift said. "I have respect for him as the chairman and
principal owner. I'm not so sure why all of a sudden it's an issue that I
discuss player acquisitions with Mr. Angelos. When I deal with [St. Louis
Cardinals GM] Walt Jocketty, he sometimes says, 'Hold on, I have to discuss this
with [owner William] DeWitt.'

"If a deal doesn't work out, you move on to the next one."

Angelos consistently has said he is trying to position the Orioles for a run at
contending in 2003, when there will be what he terms a "more bountiful" crop of
free agents and by which time the team's young players should be ready to make
significant contributions. Angelos apparently is willing to do so even if the
penalty is a 2002 season that is just as bad -- or worse -- than the 98-loss
performance in 2001.

"It isn't so much the budgetary constraints as it is the time frame in which the
Orioles are prepared to make the kind of expenditures necessary to be a
contending team," Angelos said. "In this current crop of free agents, the talent
level just isn't there. That doesn't mean we should do nothing, and if there is
an acquisition our baseball people recommend we make, it's likely I would go
along with it, as long as its consistent with our rebuilding phase."

Thrift, at 72 the oldest GM in the game, said recently he hopes to groom his
replacement from within, meaning the heir could be special assistant Larry
Himes, formerly GM of the Chicago White Sox and Chicago Cubs.

"My goal," Thrift said, "is to develop a team of people who could take this job
and run with it if I had to walk out of here tomorrow morning."

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post


                              388 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            July 14, 2004 Wednesday

Lakers losing Shaq, getting shafted in swap

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C02

LENGTH: 615 words


Expected Heat deal delivers little to L.A.

Nobody remembers who the L.A. Lakers traded to get Kareem Abdul-Jabbar.

They only remember the aftermath: Five Showtime championships; three league
MVPs; and, it goes without saying, an appearance in the Bruce Lee film Game of
Death that would have never happened if the 7-foot-3 karate enthusiast had
finished his career in Milwaukee instead of demanding the deal that landed him
on Hollywood's doorstep.

As for the four guys the Milwaukee Bucks received in exchange for the greatest
centre of the era? Even Wayne Embry, the executive who bowed to Abdul-Jabbar's
request and reluctantly sent him to Los Angeles during the seismic summer of
1975, takes a moment to recall the rueful package.

"We got Junior Bridgeman, Dave Meyers and Brian Winters," said Embry, now an
advisor to Raptors GM Rob Babcock, on the line from his home in Martha's
Vineyard, Mass.

Embry's Bucks also got a seven-foot centre named Elmore Smith. But you can
excuse Embry for forgetting Smith, just like you can ask your grandson to go
easy on you when he asks whom the Lakers landed in return for Shaquille O'Neal
back in that zany offseason of 2004. The answer, pending the deal's approval by
the league lawyers in this morning's early hours, is Lamar Odom, Brian Grant,
Caron Butler and a first-round draft pick to be named later. But unless your
name is Odom, Grant or Butler what are the chances you'll remember?

Said Embry: "Those guys are pretty good players, but all three combined aren't
Shaq."

Barring an 11th-hour reversal, O'Neal's arrival in South Beach makes the Heat -
this year a 42-40 middler - an instant championship contender. And so the
league's very shape has changed in a relative nanosecond. Six weeks ago the
Western Conference champion Lakers were 1-to-8 favourites to win their fourth
league title in five years. Now their centre has been dispatched, their
legendary coach, Phil Jackson, has been replaced by Rudy Tomjanovich. And free
agent Kobe Bryant, the moody all-star whose felony sexual assault trial starts
next month, was, as of last night, mulling offers from the Lakers and the L.A.
Clippers, among others.

It's a tough decision; the Shaq-less Lakers are the new Clippers. Or maybe the
Clippers' future is brighter.

Though critics say the 7-foot-1 O'Neal has been diminished by his 20 per cent
body fat and his 32 years, consider this: The diminished O'Neal shot 63 per cent
from the field in the NBA final against the league's best defensive team. The
Shaq-and-Kobe Lakers, in their eight-year run, racked up a .729 winning
percentage when both all-stars came to play. When O'Neal played and Bryant was
absent, the Lakers went .774. But when Bryant was in the lineup and O'Neal
wasn't available, L.A. played .550 ball.

"I'm like toilet paper, Pampers and toothpaste," O'Neal said recently. "I'm
definitely proven to be effective."

He has also proven to be as immature as any spoiled millionaire. And maybe he
had to go, eventually. But not now, not like this. Forget the intricacies of the
Lakers' internal dysfunction: Rare is the championship team that hasn't had a
dominant centre. To give a dominant centre away for three non-all-stars makes no
sense. Odom is coming off his best season ever (which means he's either
all-league-bound or due for a lapse). Grant is a big-bodied plodder nearing his
best-before date. Butler is promising but hampered by knee troubles.

Said Jackson in a farewell interview with the L.A Times: "Los Angeles is going
to have to say goodbye to any chance of being a multiple champion in the near
future."

Forget multiple and remember Milwaukee. The Bucks, 1971 champs, haven't won a
title since Abdul-Jabbar left town.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2004 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              389 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            December 4, 2012 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

Readers write

BYLINE: For the AJC

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 457 words


GRADUATION RATES

Business community should push education

Ranking 44th in the nation in high school graduation rates is disgraceful.

It is less than comforting that Gov. Deal commented he has been concerned about
the numbers for some time. Rather than wait for politicians to put forward
concrete actions, the Georgia business community should take a much more visible
leadership role.

I would suggest that, as major stakeholders in the need for a more educated
future workforce, the business community should be championing initiatives like
career pathways, aimed at connecting with students and making their studies more
relevant to their future beyond high school.

IAN SHAW, CUMMING

SENIOR CARE

Give elderly parents a say in their futures

The Nov. 29 headline, "Best to plan ahead for aging parents' care" (Living)
caught my eye. The word "for" made my blood boil.

At what stage does the adult child assume control when a parent's mental or
physical health is in question? The parent should be part of any concern adult
children have. The parent should always be included in the decision-making ---
until the time comes when the parent is so diminished that he or she cannot take
part.

In the parent's eyes, he or she has become less human and powerless when an
adult child takes over control, and becomes diminished not only in his own eyes,
but in the eyes of society.

Self-esteem and a sense of power are important. Be respectful of the elderly
parent, even in the most difficult of situations.

MARY JO WINER, ATLANTA

POLITICS

GOP should just give the president a chance

Americans elected a man as president. The Republicans spent four years rejecting
every idea he has, and disowning anyone who liked his ideas.

At the next election, Americans re-elected the same man, and the Republicans
want to spend four more years rejecting every idea he has? It seems to me that
most Americans really want to give this man's ideas a chance.

EDDIE ROSS, MARIETTA

DEFENSE PRIORITIES

Reduce nuke spending to support our troops

The U.S. is projected to spend more than $600 billion over the next decade on
nuclear weapons and programs suited for Cold War scenarios that are no longer
plausible. Meanwhile, our troops in the field lack for basic protective
equipment needed to defeat realistic threats faced today. As Congress struggles
with the deficit, we, as responsible citizens, have a duty to insist on
reductions to wasteful spending that is overly driven by politicians and
lobbyists, instead of long-term 21st-century defense strategies. We need to meet
the needs of our troops and veterans who have protected us.

I support the troops, but not the nukes. I urge you to tell your representatives
and senators to reduce spending on nuclear weapons.

BOB FARQUHAR, BONAIRE

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2012 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              390 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 15, 1993, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Kosar shines in Dallas debut

BYLINE: Jon Saraceno

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 263 words


Diminished skills?

Dallas coach Jimmy Johnson didn't think so. Neither does Bernie Kosar, who
Sunday led the host Cowboys to a 20-15 NFL win vs. Phoenix.

Kosar, cut last Monday by Cleveland after Browns coach Bill Belichick cited the
quarterback's "diminished skills," completed 13 of 21 passes for 199 yards and a
touchdown.

"He made the throws we had to have," Johnson said. Kosar signed Wednesday.

Kosar replaced Cowboys starter Jason Garrett, subbing for injured Troy Aikman,
in the first quarter and directed three scoring drives. Dallas (7-2) has won
seven in a row.

Meanwhile, Kosar's replacement, Todd Philcox, had two interceptions and fumbled
twice in the first half - one for a Seattle TD - as the Browns unraveled in a
22-5 loss. Philcox completed nine of 20 passes for 85 yards. Elsewhere:

More Rice, please: Jerry Rice caught four TD catches from quarterback Steve
Young as San Francisco stomped Tampa Bay 45-21.

"I'm not going to try to put any more pressure on Steve Young or (offensive
coordinator) Mike Shanahan," said Rice, who felt he wasn't used enough earlier
in the year. "I have to be patient."

Moon rises again: Oilers quarterback Warren Moon threw four TD passes in 2 1/2
quarters - three to Haywood Jeffires - in Houston's 38-3 swamping of Cincinnati
(0-9).

Joe who? Kansas City, again without injured quarterback Joe Montana, beat the
L.A. Raiders 31-20. The Chiefs lead Denver, 26-23 losers to Minnesota, and the
Raiders by two in the AFC West.

Bears get bullish: Chicago upset the Chargers 16-13 Sunday night in San Diego.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

See related story; 08C

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              391 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                             May 22, 2008, Thursday

Our views;
Texas got serious about health care Medical professionals are going;
to go where they are welcomed

BYLINE: Dmedit

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. P4A

LENGTH: 439 words


IN the last three years, about 7,000 physicians have flooded into Texas. The
influx has been so dramatic that the Texas Board of Medical Examiners needed an
emergency appropriation to process a backlog of 3,000 applications for licenses
to practice.

"Now many of the newly arriving doctors are heading to rural or underserved
parts of the state," wrote Joseph Nixon, a senior fellow at the Texas Public
Policy Foundation, in The Wall Street Journal.

"Four new anesthesiologists have headed to Beaumont, for example," he wrote.
"Meanwhile, San Antonio has experienced a 52 percent growth in the number of new
doctors."

This is the kind of news that medically underserved West Virginians have long
wanted to hear.

Texans produced these results by changing the legal climate in which doctors and
hospitals operate.

In 2003, Texas installed two simple reforms.

Like West Virginia, it capped malpractice awards for non-economic damages at
$250,000. Furthermore, it changed the burden of proof for claiming injury in
emergency room care from simple negligence to "willful and wanton neglect," and
required claimants to submit a letter of support from an independent medical
expert.

The savings cut costs and allowed hospitals to increase the amount of money
available for charity care. Nixon said Christus Health, a nonprofit statewide
Catholic health system, saved $100 million in four years - money it reinvested
in helping poor patients.

Texas also adopted a multidistrict approach to asbestosis and silicosis claims,
consolidating pretrial discovery and evidence rulings with one judge. That
promotes consistency and discourages "venue shopping" for tort-friendly
districts.

Texas also established minimum medical standards for asbestosis, and required a
showing of diminished lung capacity in addition to X-rays indicating disease.

Of the 85,000 asbestos plaintiffs in Texas, only 300 have been certified ready
for trial; no one else has filed a pulmonology report establishing diminished
lung capacity.

"This means that only one-third of 1 percent of all those people who have filed
suit claiming they were sick with asbestosis have actually had a qualified and
impartial doctor agree that they have an asbestos-caused illness," Nixon wrote.

In four years, the court has certified only 29 of the 4,000 to 6,000 silicosis
plaintiffs in Texas - again, less than 1 percent - as having diminished lung
capacity.

States make their own economic futures.

West Virginia should do as much as it can to allow growth to occur - as rapidly
as possible, not as slowly as possible.

Sensible policies can pay off handsomely, and West Virginians are ready for
that.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Charleston Newspapers


                              392 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                             May 22, 2008, Thursday

Our views;
Texas got serious about health care Medical professionals are going;
to go where they are welcomed

BYLINE: Dmedit

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. P4A

LENGTH: 439 words


IN the last three years, about 7,000 physicians have flooded into Texas. The
influx has been so dramatic that the Texas Board of Medical Examiners needed an
emergency appropriation to process a backlog of 3,000 applications for licenses
to practice.

"Now many of the newly arriving doctors are heading to rural or underserved
parts of the state," wrote Joseph Nixon, a senior fellow at the Texas Public
Policy Foundation, in The Wall Street Journal.

"Four new anesthesiologists have headed to Beaumont, for example," he wrote.
"Meanwhile, San Antonio has experienced a 52 percent growth in the number of new
doctors."

This is the kind of news that medically underserved West Virginians have long
wanted to hear.

Texans produced these results by changing the legal climate in which doctors and
hospitals operate.

In 2003, Texas installed two simple reforms.

Like West Virginia, it capped malpractice awards for non-economic damages at
$250,000. Furthermore, it changed the burden of proof for claiming injury in
emergency room care from simple negligence to "willful and wanton neglect," and
required claimants to submit a letter of support from an independent medical
expert.

The savings cut costs and allowed hospitals to increase the amount of money
available for charity care. Nixon said Christus Health, a nonprofit statewide
Catholic health system, saved $100 million in four years - money it reinvested
in helping poor patients.

Texas also adopted a multidistrict approach to asbestosis and silicosis claims,
consolidating pretrial discovery and evidence rulings with one judge. That
promotes consistency and discourages "venue shopping" for tort-friendly
districts.

Texas also established minimum medical standards for asbestosis, and required a
showing of diminished lung capacity in addition to X-rays indicating disease.

Of the 85,000 asbestos plaintiffs in Texas, only 300 have been certified ready
for trial; no one else has filed a pulmonology report establishing diminished
lung capacity.

"This means that only one-third of 1 percent of all those people who have filed
suit claiming they were sick with asbestosis have actually had a qualified and
impartial doctor agree that they have an asbestos-caused illness," Nixon wrote.

In four years, the court has certified only 29 of the 4,000 to 6,000 silicosis
plaintiffs in Texas - again, less than 1 percent - as having diminished lung
capacity.

States make their own economic futures.

West Virginia should do as much as it can to allow growth to occur - as rapidly
as possible, not as slowly as possible.

Sensible policies can pay off handsomely, and West Virginians are ready for
that.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Charleston Newspapers


                              393 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                              July 27, 2012 Friday

National: Boxing Day murder: Kiaran 'Psycho' Stapleton: Tattooed face of man who
scored highly on sadistic scale in tests

BYLINE: Helen Carter

SECTION: GUARDIAN HOME PAGES; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 1297 words


His declaration from the witness box in courtroom one at Manchester crown court
that he "wasn't bothered" about spending 65 years in prison revealed for the
first time the true extent of Kiaran Stapleton's contempt for his fate and his
lack of remorse.

There had been a glimpse of it during his first appearance at Manchester
magistrates court when the 21-year-old was asked his name. "Psycho, Psycho
Stapleton," he replied.

Yet it was not until he had an opportunity to answer the prosecution's questions
in court and during the cross-examination of his evidence that his lack of
empathy and indifference to his fate was finally evident.

At an earlier plea and direction hearing on 1 June, Stapleton had denied murder
but had pleaded guilty to manslaughter, citing diminished responsibility. The
prosecution rejected this plea and the matter proceeded to a four-week murder
trial at the crown court.

When he was asked during the trial by the prosecution barrister Brian Cummings
QC if he hoped the psychiatric reports considering the issue of diminished
responsibility would be in his favour, Stapleton replied: "To be honest, I'm not
bothered. I love prison. I watch Coronation Street. I have got a fat canteen. I
love prison. Lock me up for 65 years."

Glancing over to the jury from the witness box, he added, echoing a phrase from
the comedian Catherine Tate's show: "Does this face look bothered? I have even
got a new rug and bedding coming for my cell. I'm not bothered."

Yet he was not the big-time criminal he tried to claim he was. Stapleton had a
job that paid £250 a week working night shifts in a factory producing flags and
banners in Old Trafford, and lived with his family in Ordsall following the
breakdown of a relationship with the mother of his baby, who cannot be
identified for legal reasons.

A petty criminal with a penchant for road rage and random acts of aggression, he
was not on the police radar as being of particular concern. Tellingly, he had
become angry following the breakup of his relationship with his girlfriend and
was incensed after being goaded about her alleged infidelity while "chilling"
with friends in the hours leading up to the murder.

His victim, the 23-year-old Indian postgraduate student Anuj Bidve, had strayed
into Stapleton's territory and was unlucky enough to bump into him. He was an
easy target at the back of his group of friends - slightly built, just 163cm
(5ft 4in) tall, no match for Stapleton, who towered above him, and attacked him
from behind.

Far from being ashamed of what he had done, Stapleton showed up two days after
the murder with a group of friends at a tattoo parlour in Swinton, Manchester,
where he apparently behaved like a gangster and asked for a teardrop tattoo.

The tattoos are sometimes used by gang members and criminals to signify that
they have killed someone. When the tattooist asked Stapleton why he wanted such
a symbol, he claimed it was because he had "killed his goldfish".

When he was asked about the goldfish claim in court he refused to answer: "I
don't wish to discuss that. I might have animal cruelty sending letters to me at
HMP Manchester." Cummings asked: "Are you being serious or are you making fun of
the proceedings?" "No, no, I'm being serious," he maintained.

He had been captured on a CCTV camera looking out of the window of the Campanile
hotel overlooking the crime scene the day after the murder. He claimed he was
merely "seeing if there were any nice women walking past Regent Road . . .
seeing if there were any nice legs". Again he was accused of mocking
proceedings.

A clinical psychologist called by the defence concluded that Stapleton scored
highly on the sadistic and aggressive scale in tests. The traits he displayed
during interviews were depressive, antisocial, impulsive and passive-aggressive.
He also said he had difficulties with anger and outbursts that stemmed from his
childhood. And he also liked to present himself in a negative or pathological
way and sought to intimidate and humiliate.

He scored highly in a test for the emotional traits of a psychopath and it was
concluded that he had an antisocial personality disorder with psychopathic and
sadistic features.

Prof Nigel Eastman interviewed Stapleton as he was held on the category A wing
at HMP Manchester, formerly Strangeways. Something about Stapleton made him
concerned. "I'm rarely made anxious by the defendants," he said. "But unusually
for me, there was a point at which I became a bit concerned." He said Stapleton
"did not display an ability to think about emotions". He added: "To most people
it would seem just very odd to go up to someone, a stranger, and shoot them. I
think what he's demonstrating is his very substantial lack of ability to feel
what other people feel. I don't think he has any real feeling for what he's
done."

The defence barrister, Simon Csoka QC, asked whether Stapleton could be faking,
but the professor observed: "He's not the brightest button in the box."

For the final three years of his schooling Stapleton was mostly absent and when
he did attend his behaviour was described as disruptive - letting off fireworks
in school, setting off fire alarms and verbally abusing teachers until he was
eventually permanently excluded at 14.

Stapleton had a "grandiose" opinion of himself, which was a defence against
"being or being made to feel stupid", Eastman said.

The man who was with Stapleton on the night of the murder, Ryan Holden, said he
could not have gone to police with an anonymous tipoff as "if I had done, I
would have been dead in a week". There was "not a chance" of him being a
"grass", as his family would also be in danger. The 20-year-old, who gave
evidence behind a curtain, said the gun was not his and he had not known his
friend had a weapon on him. However, he admitted washing himself down with
petrol to destroy evidence. He said he had done this not because he had gunshot
residue on him but because his "head was gone" and he was "paranoid".

Eastman contrasted the cool reaction of Stapleton after the killing, taking a
shower and disposing of evidence, with that of Holden, who was reduced to a
wreck. Eastman said the reason Stapleton reacted in such a way was because "he
doesn't feel".

In ill-tempered exchanges, Cummings told Stapleton he wanted the jury to believe
he simply "lost control" at times. The barrister said Stapleton's problem was he
was not brave enough to take people on on equal terms.

He said: "This was perfect, absolutely perfect. You wanted to kill someone and
nothing could be better than a group of foreigners on your patch. You shot that
man and killed him. It worked like a treat and you ran off laughing?"

"That was not correct," Stapleton replied.

The prosecution suggested he was "quite happy" with word getting around that he
was responsible for the shooting, as long as the police did not have any
evidence, a claim he denied.

In a phone call while on remand, played to the jury, Stapleton told his brother:
"I just told me mum I want that cardigan from the Trafford centre - the one I
murdered Anuj Bidve with. Get it me in double XL or extra large, what I had last
time. Someone else has got one in here." He urged his mother to buy a
replacement as he was "walking round like a tramp".

In April, Stapleton threw a mop bucket of boiling water laced with sugar (so it
would stick to skin causing further injuries) over the head of prisoner Michael
Sharp, who was badly scalded. Stapleton described his victim as "the wing bully"
on the high-security wing of HMP Manchester. He then carried on the assault
using billiard balls in a sock, assisted by two Salford friends armed with pool
cues.

Captions:

A man without empathy: a defence psychologist said Kiaran Stapleton demonstrated
no real feeling for what he had done

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              394 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           February 5, 2004 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Sharpton's Primary Showing May Cut His Role Back Home

BYLINE:  By MICHAEL SLACKMAN

SECTION: Section B; Column 4; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1221 words

DATELINE: COLUMBIA, S.C., Feb 4


The Rev. Al Sharpton flew out of South Carolina on Wednesday with his campaign
for the presidency deeply in debt, his credibility damaged by a poor showing at
the polls and, perhaps more troubling, a sense back home in New York that he has
lost the aura of influence that once gave him a strong hand in local politics.

Mr. Sharpton was stunned by his dismal showing in South Carolina, where despite
a third-place finish, he did not get even 10 percent of the vote, received only
about 1 in 5 black votes, and failed to win any delegates.

For many years, Mr. Sharpton has managed, by force of his personality, to defy
expectations. He thought he could do it again.

But he did not. Instead, without the authority that comes with a surprise
victory, the weak spots in his campaign came into focus. He was not disciplined
about building a campaign structure or raising money. His decision to work
closely with the Republican political operative Roger Stone has some of his
supporters worried about his long-term prospects. And his apparent refusal to
take any of the blame for his weak showing in South Carolina has people close to
the campaign exasperated and angry.

"For eight months I have been talking to him about this stuff," said Bill Lynch,
a political consultant who was a deputy mayor under David Dinkins. "He kept
saying to me he was putting it all together, but I never saw it. The proof was
in the pudding. He thought he had a real shot at winning South Carolina."

It is not just a passing perception problem that Mr. Sharpton is confronted
with, political strategists said. Though he says he is going to stay in the race
until the Democratic National Convention this summer, his campaign is about half
a million dollars in debt, he has not yet been certified for federal matching
funds by the Federal Election Commission and the result has undermined his claim
as the candidate of minority voters.

Many strategists said his showing in South Carolina meant he would likely be
returning to New York sooner than he would have liked. But the New York he will
re-enter may not be the same place he left.

"I think that Al sort of diminished any aura of power he had with this
campaign," said George Arzt, a Democratic political consultant. "He hasn't
strengthened his position. He has weakened it."

Mr. Sharpton has always been shadowed by the accusation that he does what he
does to promote himself, as opposed to helping others. Many people now say that
rightly or wrongly, the manner in which he ran his campaign fueled that
perception. While his one-liners were entertaining in the debates, and he
performed well on "Saturday Night Live," there was a sense that he did not do
enough to articulate a rationale for his run. He did not explain the benefits of
leverage politics to his would-be voters, did little to raise money and did
virtually nothing to build an organization and staff it with legions of workers
never before involved in politics, said political analysts, as well as some of
Mr. Sharpton's supporters.

"My advice to Reverend Sharpton is to concentrate on the issues important to
African-Americans," said Ron Daniels, a political analyst who was involved in
Jesse Jackson's 1988 presidential campaign. "Frankly, JohnEdwards has in some
ways led the message that resonates with African-Americans as well, if not
better, than Reverend Sharpton."

Mr. Sharpton dismissed such criticisms, saying that people like Mr. Lynch, Mr.
Arzt and Mr. Daniels were out to get him. He admits that he did, at one time,
think he could win South Carolina but blames black leaders for working against
him, and other candidates for spending money to stop him.

Though some of his own supporters said they simply could not get Mr. Sharpton to
focus on the nuts and bolts of building a campaign, he says such criticism is
misdirected. He says most of the campaign debt is money owed to him, which he
could easily just write off. And he says those who think he has been diminished
at home are suffering from a case of wishful thinking.

"I have the support of 19 elected officials in New York -- that is more than I
ever had before," Mr. Sharpton said in an interview on Wednesday, adding that
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg and Senator Charles E. Schumer attended his Martin
Luther King Day celebration. "I have announced that I am supporting candidates
to run against incumbents. They are hoping I am diminished, because I have never
said that I will do that before."

Even those who are criticizing him said he it is hard to know whether he will
return to the same kind of influence he had with minority voters in New York
that he once had. But the circumstances appear to have changed.

In the past, when Mr. Sharpton lost, he argued that he had won. When he ran for
the United States Senate and came in third, ahead of Elizabeth Holtzman, that
elevated his status. But he has been losing for years now, and many people say
that losing no longer means winning. That reality started to emerge at the
beginning of the presidential campaign, when most black New York elected
officials decided not to back his candidacy. Mr. Sharpton threatened to come
back to New York and promote candidates to challenge those who opposed him. And
while he is still capable of playing the role of spoiler, he may have to do it
with a diminished status.

"In the street, I don't feel his presence in Harlem or Central Brooklyn or
Southeast Queens," said Mr. Arzt, who has worked the New York political scene
for many years as a journalist, a spokesman for Ed Koch and a political
consultant.

The early assessment of Mr. Sharpton's presidential bid is not all negative. New
Yorkers knew who he was, but for many Americans, it was their first introduction
to Mr. Sharpton. And many people, from national party leaders to average voters,
said they have new respect for Mr. Sharpton's quick wit and the pungent remarks
he brought to the debates.

Even if he fails to win any more than the one delegate he picked up in Delaware,
Mr. Sharpton has won himself a role at the Democratic National Convention this
summer.

But without delegates, he will not have much leverage to demand as prominent a
role as he might have liked. Further, Mr. Sharpton insists that his campaign
will continue, which could cost him some of the goodwill he has accumulated.
Once the nominee becomes clear, Mr. Sharpton, like other candidates, will be
expected to fall in line.

"If Al wants to have a seat at the table and wants to preach from the pulpit in
Boston, then Al has to come into the house," said Donna Brazile, a Democratic
strategist with close ties to the national party. "You are not going to be the
only person in the house. African-Americans don't need a broker. That's 1980's
politics. That's old school."

For now, party leaders are not worried about having to convince Mr. Sharpton
when the time is right to drop out. Ms. Brazile said she expected Mr. Sharpton
will get that message from voters. She said she expected he would be no more
successful in Michigan, Virginia, Tennessee and perhaps even New York than he
was in South Carolina.

"Reverend Sharpton is not doing the work that is necessary in order to harvest
votes out of the Democratic Party," she said. "He doesn't understand the black
electorate. I have been telling him for months, all they want to do is beat
Bush."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: In South Carolina, the Rev. Al Sharpton failed to win a single
delegate. (Photo by Getty Images)(pg. B1); In South Carolina, the Rev. Al
Sharpton's primary campaign as the candidate of minority voters failed to win
him a single convention delegate. (Photo by Travis Bell for The New York
Times)(pg. B6)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              395 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 13, 2016 Wednesday

United States Courts Opinions: United States District Court Eastern District of
California: UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, Plaintiff, v. JOSEPH RYAN, Defendant.

LENGTH: 1544 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States District Court Eastern District of California has
issued the following order:



  1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 1
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT EASTERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA UNITED STATES OF
AMERICA, Plaintiff, v. JOSEPH RYAN, Defendant. No. 2:15-cr-116-GEB ORDER
REGARDING DEFENDANT'S IN CAMERA SEALING REQUEST CONCERNING THE SENTENCE HE
DESIRES On May 27, 2016, Defendant emailed chambers his in camera request to
have filed under seal the following documents: (1) Exhibit B--his
neuropsychological evaluation; and (2) Exhibit C--two pages from his hospital
records. Defendant references these exhibits in his Amended Objection to his
Presentence Report (PSR), filed on the public docket as ECF No. 109, as having
been filed under seal.

His Amended Objection includes the following argument: Mr. Ryan qualifies for a
diminished capacity departure because he committed the offense while suffering a
significantly reduced mental capacity because he is borderline intellectually
disabled . . . . (See Exhibits B & C) The diminished capacity departure should
account for his significantly reduced mental capacity. His significantly reduced
mental capacity contributed substantially to the commission of the offense
because his brain injury and poor cognitive functioning significantly impaired
[his] judgments about what occurred in his daily activities. Case
2:15-cr-00116-GEB Document 112 Filed 07/08/16 Page 1 of 6 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 2 Diminished capacity is
met because Mr. Ryan has a significantly impaired ability to exercise the power
of reason, as is documented in his school records and recent assessment, which
demonstrated that he is borderline intellectually disabled. This information
also supports a variance from the guideline range. (Def.'s Objection to His PSR
3:3-20, ECF No. 109.) Defendant further argues in his public sealing notice that
the "neuropsychological evaluation (Exhibit B) and [the referenced two pages
from his] medical records (Exhibit C)" "contain [his] private medical history
that is not for public record and cannot be easily redacted without losing
material information." (Def.'s Pub. Sealing Notice 1:17-21, ECF No. 107.)
Defendant also filed on the public docket as ECF No. 107-1 his "Proposed Order
to Seal Documents," which would grant the sealing request as follows: IT IS
HEREBY ORDERED that the Request to Seal be granted and that the
neuropsychological evaluation by Dr. Khazanov (Exhibit B) and medical records
(Exhibit C), be filed under seal because they contain defendant's private
medical information. The Assistant United States Attorney Michelle Rodriguez and
Probation Officer, Carol Chavez are permitted access to this document. (ECF No.
107-1.) This proposed order does not explain whether the information in the
documents Defendant seeks to have sealed could be discussed in a publicly filed
sentencing brief and in a courtroom open to the public. Generally, the public is
not excluded from "sentencing proceedings." United States v. Rivera, 682 F.3d
1223, 1228 (9th Cir. 2012). "The presence of the public at sentencing reminds
the participants, especially the judge, that the consequences of their actions
extend to the broader Case 2:15-cr-00116-GEB Document 112 Filed 07/08/16 Page 2
of 6 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28
3 community." Id. at 1230. Before closure or secrecy could be authorized in
connection with a sentencing proceeding, the proponent of secrecy must
"articulate[] compelling reasons [justifying secrecy which are] supported by
[facts sufficient to constitute] specific factual findings," which are required
to justify sealing, redaction and/or closure of a proceeding. Foltz v. State
Farm Mut. Auto. Ins. Co., 331 F.3d 1122, 1135 (9th Cir. 2003). "When ruling on a
motion to seal court records, the district court must balance the competing
interests of the public and the party seeking to seal judicial records." In re
Midland Nat. Life Ins. Co. Annuity Sales Practices Litig. ("In re Midland
Nat."), 686 F.3d 1115, 1119 (9th Cir. 2012) (internal citations and quotations
omitted); see also PCT Int'l Inc. v. Holland Elecs. LLC, No.
CV-12-01797-PHX-JAT, 2014 WL 4722326, at *5 (D. Ariz. Sept. 23, 2014) ("[T]he
Court has an independent duty to follow the binding [secrecy and sealing] law of
the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals, [and] the Court [should] not permit sealed
documents absent the requisite showing [under a sealing doctrine]."). To seal
records, the district court must "articulate[] compelling reasons supported by
specific factual findings" to seal, "without relying on hypothesis or
conjecture." Foltz, 331 F.3d at 1135 (citations and internal quotations omitted,
and emphasis added). "Unless a particular court record is one traditionally kept
secret, a strong presumption [exists] in favor of [public] access [to a
document]. A party seeking to seal a judicial record [therefore] bears the
burden of overcoming this strong presumption by meeting the compelling reasons
Case 2:15-cr-00116-GEB Document 112 Filed 07/08/16 Page 3 of 6 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 4 standard." Kamakana
v. City & Cty. of Honolulu, 447 F.3d 1172, 1178-79 (9th Cir. 2006) (internal
quotations and citations omitted). "[T]he weight to be given the presumption of
access [is] governed by the role of the material at issue in the exercise of
Article III judicial power and resultant value of such information to those
monitoring the federal courts." IDT Corp. v. eBay, 709 F.3d 1220, 1224 (8th Cir.
2013) (internal citations and quotation omitted). Defendant's conclusory
argument that the referenced exhibits "contain the defendant's private medical
history that is not for public record[,]" (ECF No. 107), does not provide
sufficient reason to justify the requested sealing. "[A] formulaic recitation of
a privacy interest will not suffice to justify sealing." United States v. King,
No. 10 CR 122 JGK, 2012 WL 2196674, at *4 (S.D.N.Y. June 15, 2012) (denying
defendant's request to file under seal "records relate[d] to medical conditions
that the Court ha[d] been asked to consider in arriving at the sentence . . .
[that were] neither extensive, nor . . . delve[d] into extraneous matters"); see
United States v. Sattar, 471 F. Supp. 2d 380, 388 (S.D.N.Y. 2006) (indicating
that when applying the presumptive common law right of access to a psychiatric
report submitted to influence a judge's sentencing decision, an evaluation is
involved concerning whether "the interests of personal privacy . . . are
sufficiently compelling to overcome the presumption of access"). Even where a
measure of secrecy is appropriate, a "guiding principle . . . is that as much
information as possible should remain accessible to the public and no more
should be Case 2:15-cr-00116-GEB Document 112 Filed 07/08/16 Page 4 of 6 1 2 3 4
5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 5 sealed than
absolutely necessary." Lahrichi v. Lumera Corp., No. C04-2124C, 2007 WL 1521222,
at *2 (W.D. Wash. May 22, 2007); Washington Post v. Robinson, 935 F.2d 282, 289
(D.C. Cir. 1991) (stating that "[t]he trial court should only seal that part of
its findings that is necessary to protect [what should be secret]"). Consistent
with this principle, "courts have recognized [certain shown privacy interests]
that may call for redaction of the materials or withholding of disclosure
outright." United States v. Bus. of Custer Battlefield Museum & Store, 658 F.3d
1188, 1195 n.5 (9th Cir. 2011). Although Defendant asserts he cannot easily make
redactions "without losing material information," (ECF No. 107), he has neither
shown what "material information" would be lost, nor that the interests of
documents being filed on the public docket and proceedings being open to the
public are outweighed by his interests in sealing the exhibits. See In re
Midland Nat., 686 F.3d at 1119. Since Defendant has not justified his sealing
request, it is denied. Therefore, the documents submitted for sealing are
treated as having been returned to Defendant so that he can decide how to
proceed in light of this ruling. See generally Local Rule 141(e)(1) (prescribing
that if a sealing "[r]equest is denied in full or in part, the Clerk will return
to the submitting party the documents for which sealing has been denied");
United States v. Big Leggins, 375 F. App'x 692, 693 (9th Cir. 2010) (indicating
that the district court had authority to issue the directive that defendant
"could either withdraw the report or resubmit it in redacted form"); United
States v. BaezAlcaino, 718 F. Supp. 1503, 1507 (M.D. Fla. 1989) (indicating Case
2:15-cr-00116-GEB Document 112 Filed 07/08/16 Page 5 of 6 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 6 that when a judge denies
a sealing request the party submitting the request then decides how to proceed
in light of the ruling). Dated: July 7, 2016 Case 2:15-cr-00116-GEB Document 112
Filed 07/08/16 Page 6 of 6



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              396 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 2, 2015 Wednesday

New York: Moody's Downgrades RCS Capital Corporation to Caa1

LENGTH: 962 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Albany: Moody's Investors Service has issued the following news release:



 Moody's Investors Service today downgraded RCS Capital Corporation's (RCS)
ratings, including its corporate family rating that was downgraded to Caa1 from
B3. The rating outlook is negative.





 Moody's has taken the following rating actions, which concludes Moody's review
for downgrade of RCS' ratings that was initiated on November 10, 2015:



 &raquo; Corporate family rating, downgraded to Caa1 from B3



 &raquo; $575 million senior secured first lien term loan, downgraded to Caa1
from B3



 &raquo; $25 million senior secured first lien revolving credit facility,
downgraded to Caa1 from B3



 &raquo; $150 million senior secured second lien term loan, downgraded to Ca
from Caa2



 &raquo; Outlook, negative



 RATINGS RATIONALE



 Moody's said that RCS has suffered from a series of adverse events that have
diminished its franchise value and resulted in significant and ongoing financial
difficulties. Moody's said the downgrades reflect RCS' diminished ability to
satisfy its debt load from its ongoing activities, and also the risk that it may
not be able to attract a sufficient and timely amount of new investment that is
necessary to fully protect creditors' interests, as it seeks to recapitalize its
balance sheet.



 Moody's said that RCS is now dependent upon the value of its independent retail
advisory activities, since its investment banking and capital markets business
has been further impaired by an affiliate's recent announcement that it will
cease activities in products for which RCS had earned significant advisory fees.




 Moody's said that RCS' independent retail advisory business retains a
reasonably strong franchise, yet has significantly underperformed compared to
management's expectations, and is not producing sufficient cash flows to service
RCS' existing level of debt. This underperformance might adversely affect
potential investors' valuation of the franchise, said Moody's. Moody's added
that other headwinds from heightened uncertainty over the Department of Labor's
pending finalization of its fiduciary standard for retirement account advisors,
the prolonged low interest rate environment, and regulatory compliance issues at
RCS' non-core operations, could further adversely affect investors' assessment
of RCS' value. Such factors could inhibit RCS' ability to attract sufficient new
investment to adequately transform its capital structure, or could prolong the
decision-making process and result in RCS encountering liquidity issues, said
Moody's.



 Moody's said the Ca rating on RCS' second lien term loan reflects its higher
expected loss content given its secondary claim upon RCS' assets and the
comparatively high magnitude of RCS' first lien term loan.



 Moody's said the negative outlook on RCS' ratings reflects the heightened level
of uncertainty concerning the satisfactory resolution of these matters.



 What Could Change the Rating - Up



 Moody's said RCS' ratings could be upgraded should it successfully complete its
recapitalization in a manner that protects creditors' interests and strengthens
its ability to focus on improving its retail financial advisory business.



 What Could Change the Rating - Down



 Moody's said RCS' ratings could be downgraded should it be unsuccessful in its
attempts to timely raise significant new capital on terms that provide
sufficient creditor protection, or if its retail financial advisory business
suffers a further downturn in results.



 The principal methodology used in these ratings was Global Securities Industry
Methodology published in May 2013. Please see the Credit Policy page on
www.moodys.com for a copy of this methodology.



 REGULATORY DISCLOSURES



 For ratings issued on a program, series or category/class of debt, this
announcement provides certain regulatory disclosures in relation to each rating
of a subsequently issued bond or note of the same series or category/class of
debt or pursuant to a program for which the ratings are derived exclusively from
existing ratings in accordance with Moody's rating practices. For ratings issued
on a support provider, this announcement provides certain regulatory disclosures
in relation to the rating action on the support provider and in relation to each
particular rating action for securities that derive their credit ratings from
the support provider's credit rating. For provisional ratings, this announcement
provides certain regulatory disclosures in relation to the provisional rating
assigned, and in relation to a definitive rating that may be assigned subsequent
to the final issuance of the debt, in each case where the transaction structure
and terms have not changed prior to the assignment of the definitive rating in a
manner that would have affected the rating. For further information please see
the ratings tab on the issuer/entity page for the respective issuer on
www.moodys.com.



 For any affected securities or rated entities receiving direct credit support
from the primary entity(ies) of this rating action, and whose ratings may change
as a result of this rating action, the associated regulatory disclosures will be
those of the guarantor entity. Exceptions to this approach exist for the
following disclosures, if applicable to jurisdiction: Ancillary Services,
Disclosure to rated entity, Disclosure from rated entity.



 Regulatory disclosures contained in this press release apply to the credit
rating and, if applicable, the related rating outlook or rating review.



 Please see www.moodys.com for any updates on changes to the lead rating analyst
and to the Moody's legal entity that has issued the rating.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              397 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 11, 2013 Tuesday

Washington: Diminished balance found in those with poor vision

LENGTH: 926 words

DATELINE: Washington


The University of California has issued the following news release:

UC Davis Health System Eye Center research has found that visually impaired
individuals and those with uncorrected refractive error -- those who could
benefit from glasses to achieve normal vision but don't wear glasses -- have a
significantly greater risk of diminished balance with their eyes closed on a
compliant, foam surface than individuals with normal vision.

The research, published in the June 6 issue of JAMA Ophthalmology, suggests that
vision may play an important role in calibrating the vestibular system, which
includes the bones and soft tissue of the inner ear, to help optimize physical
balance. The work provides direction for more targeted studies on how poor
vision impacts vestibular balance, and how to better develop fall prevention
strategies for those with poor vision.

"We know that vision and balance are highly integrated in the brain, but we
don't fully understand the relative contributions of the visual, proprioceptive,
and vestibular systems in maintaining balance and preventing falls, especially
among the visually impaired," said Jeffrey R. Willis, an ophthalmology resident
at UC Davis Health System Eye Center and lead author of the study.

"Our research is the first large scale population study to compare objective
measures of physical balance across individuals with normal vision, uncorrected
refractive error, and the visually impaired, and the first to link poor vision
with diminished vestibular balance," he said. "These results have important
implications for improving balance and mobility in the U.S. population and
preventing falls."

According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, falls among older
adults alone cost the U.S. health care system over $30 billion in 2010. One in
three adults age 65 and older falls each year, and of those who fall, 20 percent
to 30 percent suffer moderate to severe injuries that make it hard for them to
get around or live independently, and increase their risk of early death.

Study methods

To objectively examine the relationship between poor vision and balance, Willis
worked with the Dana Center for Preventative Ophthalmology at Johns Hopkins
University and senior author Pradeep Ramulu to conduct a cross-sectional study,
evaluating data from 4,590 adults aged 40 or older, who participated in the
2001-2004 National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES). The
national survey, which aimed to assess balance in a nationally representative
population, included tests of participants' ability to stand with feet together
unassisted under increasing challenging conditions: standing on a firm surface
with eyes open and then closed, and standing on a compliant, foam surface with
eyes opened and then closed.

Foam-surface testing with eyes opened measured the effects of the visual and
vestibular systems to work together to maintain postural balance, while the same
test with eyes closed primarily assessed the impact of the vestibular system
alone, as visual and proprioceptive inputs were minimized. Balance was graded as
pass or fail, with the time-to- balance failure recorded for each of the tests.
Participants failed the test when they began to fall, moved their arms or feet
for stability, or needed help to maintain balance for 15 seconds while on the
firm surface or for 30 seconds while on the foam surface. The researchers also
gathered data on each participant's self-reported difficulty with falling during
the last year.

The researchers found that participants with visual impairment and those with
uncorrected refractive error had significantly higher rates of failing the
eyes-closed foam-surface balance test - a proxy for vestibular balance - when
compared to participants with normal vision. There was no significant difference
in the rate of balance failure during balance tests with eyes opened or eyes
closed on a firm surface. In addition, subjects with visual impairment, relative
to those with normal vision, were more likely to self-report falling
difficulties.

"Future research should focus on better understanding how poor vision may affect
the vestibular-ocular reflex, and thus vestibular balance," said Willis.
"Studies should also address how poor vision may lead to lower levels of
physical and balance activities, as well as on how vision-related fall
prevention strategies can be integrated with other fall prevention strategies to
more effectively limit falls in our society."

UC Davis Health System is improving lives and transforming health care by
providing excellent patient care, conducting groundbreaking research, fostering
innovative, interprofessional education, and creating dynamic, productive
partnerships with the community. The academic health system includes one of the
country's best medical schools, a 619-bed acute-care teaching hospital, a
1000-member physician's practice group and the new Betty Irene Moore School of
Nursing. It is home to a National Cancer Institute-designated comprehensive
cancer center, an international neurodevelopmental institute, a stem cell
institute and a comprehensive children's hospital. Other nationally prominent
centers focus on advancing telemedicine, improving vascular care, eliminating
health disparities and translating research findings into new treatments for
patients. Together, they make UC Davis a hub of innovation that is transforming
health for all. For more information, visit http://healthsystem.ucdavis.edu.

For more information please visit: http://www.universityofcalifornia.edu

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              398 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            November 17, 2006 Friday
                                CENTRAL EDITION

Despite diminished role, don't count out 'Mr. Clout';
Reynolds says he still expects to wield plenty of influence as GOP becomes
minority

BYLINE: By Jerry Zremski - NEWS NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 734 words


WASHINGTON After the toughest election of his life, Rep. Thomas M. Reynolds is
back where he began in the minority of a legislature controlled by Democrats.

And while Reynolds would rather the Republicans be in charge, he said in an
interview Thursday that he still expects to wield plenty of influence when the
new Congress convenes in January.

"I will do the things necessary to help my region and the state," the Clarence
Republican said. "I think my track record is that I've always worked with
members from both parties."

Reynolds noted that he served in the minority for years in the Erie County
Legislature, and picked up his nickname Mr. Clout -- while serving in the
minority in the State Legislature.

Nevertheless, Reynolds' role in the upcoming Congress is sure to be diminished,
for two reasons. The Republican Party will no longer control Congress, and
Reynolds will no longer play a central role in the Republican leadership.

He spent the past four years as chairman of the National Republican
Congressional Committee, but term limits prevent him from holding that post
again. And Reynolds in the wake of a close re-election bid and controversy
surrounding now-disgraced former Rep. Mark A. Foley of Florida opted not to bid
for another leadership position.

"I'm tired," he said. "I think it's time for a new player on the scene."

But Reynolds stressed that does not mean his role in boosting his district will
be diminished in any way.

For one thing, Reynolds has had a solid working relationship for years with New
York's two Democratic senators neither of whom campaigned for Reynolds'
opponent, Newstead industrialist Jack Davis.

For another, Reynolds remains close to President Bush and his top political
adviser, Karl Rove.

And finally, Reynolds said he has built loyalties among Republican members of
Congress whom he helped survive the election.

"We saved seats that should have been gone," he said.

Republicans lost 29 House seats to the Democrats, but Reynolds said the GOP
losses could have been twice as high if his committee hadn't poured money and
effort into so many districts.

Indeed, Reynolds appears to have escaped any blame for the Republican loss of
control in the House, despite the fact that he headed the GOP campaign.

"The National Republican Congressional Committee had the most effective campaign
staff of any party committee that I've ever seen," said Charles Cook of the Cook
Political Report in a column in National Journal this week. "And the $60 million
that it devoted to this election undoubtedly made a huge difference in holding
down GOP losses in a wave election that rivaled the 1994 tsunami" in which
Democrats lost control of Congress.

Absent a role in House leadership, Reynolds said he expects to continue helping
Republican candidates through TOMPAC, his personal political action committee.
In addition, he expects to be a major player on the House Ways and Means
Committee, which writes the nation's tax laws.

Meanwhile, he's awaiting the results of the House Ethics Committee's
investigation of the Foley matter -- which haunted Reynolds throughout his
campaign and also promised to cloud any leadership bid he made this year.

A colleague told Reynolds last spring about overly friendly e-mails that Foley
sent to a former House page, and Reynolds said he told House Speaker J. Dennis
Hastert about it. Hastert, meanwhile, said he can't recall the conversation.

That fact left many on Capitol Hill speculating about a deep rift between
Reynolds and Hastert. And while Reynolds wouldn't discuss the Foley
investigation, he said he meets with the speaker regularly and that the two men
continue to have a strong relationship.

"Denny Hastert is my friend," he added. "Denny Hastert is a mentor. Denny
Hastert is a tremendous speaker."

Reynolds was long seen as a potential successor to Hastert, but that was before
the Foley fiasco and before the Democratic surge on Election Day.

Of course, comebacks are not at all uncommon on Capitol Hill. Rep. John Boehner,
R-Ohio, became House majority leader seven years after being drummed out of the
leadership, and Sen. Trent Lott, R-Miss., was elected Senate minority whip this
week four years after being shunted aside as majority leader.

Reynolds doesn't sound all that averse to a comeback, either. Asked whether he
might make a leadership bid in the future, Reynolds said: "I never say never."

e-mail: jzremski@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: File photo Rep. Thomas M. Reynolds feels his Washington ties will still
help him represent his district.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              399 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                           September 16, 2008 Tuesday

Wall Street Woes Endanger Funding for the Arts

BYLINE: KATE TAYLOR -, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: NEW YORK; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 705 words


The turmoil on Wall Street will affect a wide swath of New York City's cultural
institutions, hurting corporate and individual donations at a time when these
organizations are facing what one philanthropist called a "perfect storm" of
economic pressures.

"It's a very challenging time for not-for-profits," the chief executive officer
of CIT and a trustee of the Metropolitan Museum of Art and New York City Ballet,
Jeffrey Peek, said. "It's a little bit of a perfect storm."

Among the other pressures already facing institutions have been the recent cuts
in city funding, diminished earnings on endowments invested in the financial
markets, and New Yorkers trying to save money by refraining from buying their
usual subscriptions or by buying less expensive tickets.

And now the crises at two financial institutions that have been major supporters
of the arts will reverberate across the cultural landscape. Lehman Brothers and
Merrill Lynch have donated to many of New York's major cultural organizations,
and Lehman Brothers also has supported smaller organizations that focus on arts
education.

A spokesman for Bank of America, which has agreed to buy Merrill Lynch, Ernesto
Anguilla, said Bank of America "has a history of honoring commitments that
companies we merge with have made." However, in general, when two firms merge,
their cumulative philanthropic impact is diminished.

The effect of the shakeup on Wall Street will be felt not just financially but
personally at the Museum of Modern Art, where Kathleen Fuld, the wife of the
Lehman Brothers chairman and CEO, Richard Fuld, is a vice chairman. Lehman
Brothers has been a corporate member of the museum, and the Fulds have made
significant donations of both money and art. MoMA's spokeswoman, Kim Mitchell,
declined to comment on the potential impact of Lehman Brothers' demise, as did a
spokeswoman for the Robin Hood Foundation, where Mr. Fuld sits on the board.

Lehman Brothers and Merrill Lynch each pledged $3 million to Lincoln Center's
redevelopment campaign. A spokeswoman for Lincoln Center, Betsy Vorce, said that
both institutions have been making their payments on time, but she did not say
how much of their pledged gifts are still outstanding. The president of Lincoln
Center, Reynold Levy, said he didn't know whether any outstanding portion of
Lehman Brothers' commitment would materialize. "I'm guilty of having earned a
law degree from Columbia, but I never took a bankruptcy law class," Mr. Levy
said.

Lehman Brothers has extended other significant commitments to cultural
organizations around the city. In 2007, Lehman Brothers pledged $1 million, over
a period of four years, to support education and outreach programs at the Apollo
Theater Foundation. A spokeswoman at the Apollo said she was unable yesterday to
find out from colleagues the status of that commitment.

In the past, Lehman Brothers has supported a variety of other organizations,
from the School of American Ballet and MCC Theater to arts education programs
such as Young Audiences New York and ArtsConnection, which provides arts
programs in public schools.

During 2006 and 2007, Lehman Brothers gave $50,000 to the Orchestra of St.
Luke's to sponsor its education programs. The assistant director of development
at the Orchestra of St. Luke's, Rose Bellini, said the organization had put in a
request to Lehman about six months ago, asking if the bank would renew its
sponsorship, but had received no response yet.

Mr. Levy, who has written a book called "Yours for the Asking: An Indispensable
Guide to Fundraising and Management," said that not-for-profits should be able
to weather the economic storm without making drastic cuts, if they have a broad
and diverse base of fund raising.

"For those institutions that have approached their fund raising from the point
of view of creating a diversified portfolio as to sources and as to methods,
they can pretty much withstand the turmoil," Mr. Levy said.

Still, he said, the loss of thousands of jobs in the financial sector in New
York will necessarily put a damper on fund raising, Mr. Levy said. "It's not so
much the institutional giving of Merrill and of Bear Stearns and of Lehman as it
is [the donations] of their employees," he said.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              400 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           The Arizona Capitol Times

                            January 17, 2011 Monday

Q&A with Senate Minority Leader David Schapira

BYLINE: Luige del Puerto

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1306  words


Senate Minority Leader David Schapira is a young man with responsibilities
usually associated with more seasoned politicians. As a leading representative
of Democratic interests in the Capitol, his job is to persuade Republicans to
listen to alternative solutions, whether about balancing the budget or fixing
the economy, and to try to forge partnerships with some of them to pass or block
legislation.

That job promises to be more difficult this year. Many observers view the
Republicans' supermajority control of the Legislature as a mandate from the
public to push for a more conservative agenda.

Still, there is room for creativity. The Republican caucus is bigger, but it
could also fracture, potentially giving Democrats an opening to create alliances
even on major issues. Actually, their minority status has never stopped
Democrats from successfully getting bills through. In fact, Schapira, the
30-year old legislator from Tempe, said he has enjoyed a good relationship with
Senate President Russell Pearce, a Mesa Republican.

Schapira, who teaches at Arizona State University, survived a hotly contested
race in District 17 last year. He is an ardent fan of the Phoenix Suns.

In this Jan. 6 interview, Schapira talked about his expectations for this
session.

When Senator Rebecca Rios lost her re-election, Senator Linda Lopez was expected
to become the minority leader. But then you sort of came out of the blue to win
that position. Or did you come out of the blue?

Well, I had been talking to members for months about the possibility of running
for leadership. I had at no point intended on running for leader until after the
election. So it wasn't a surprise, I think, to any senators.

Why did you want to become minority leader in a year when you know Democrats
will have such diminished influence on the legislative process?

Obviously, numerically it has diminished but I think beyond that I don't know if
there is a huge difference between this year and prior sessions. I mean,
Republicans have controlled this Legislature for many, many years now. This is
nothing new. Democrats are used to being in the minority in the Arizona
Legislature.

You know, we've been successful at working across party lines, regardless of our
numbers, to get bills passed and at times to block negative legislation, and we
will continue to try and do that.

One of our main jobs this year, and I knew this going into making my decision to
run for leader, is essentially we need to be the watchdogs at the Capitol. The
Republicans, as I said, control the House, Senate and Governor's Office, and so
I see it as our responsibility to keep a very close eye on what's going on down
here and make sure that people of the state are aware of what's happening at
their Capitol.

When you say watchdog, what do you hope to accomplish there?

I'll give you an example from the past. Two years ago was actually the first
time that the Republicans tried to cut transplant funding. And we were able, in
the Appropriations Committee, to amend the bill, bring to light what it was they
were trying to do and basically more or less shame them into restoring that
funding.

Unfortunately, those same successes didn't happen in March of 2010. But one of
the things we can do is, we can both inform the public as to what's going on
down here but also join with the public in putting pressure on our colleagues to
make sure that we're making the right decisions, especially in extreme
circumstances like this transplant issue.

How's your relationship with Russell Pearce?

You know, it's actually not bad. Russell and I had offices next to each other in
my first two years (in the House), and of course we served on the Appropriations
Committee together, of which he was the chairman. And we spent a lot of time
together, and as I mentioned the other day, he has cosponsored bills of mine. He
has helped me to get bills through the process.

We also, in certain areas, are not big fans of federal mandates, especially
unfunded mandates, and so we worked together to address Arizona's implementation
of No Child Left Behind.

We worked together on the DUI legislation that was passed a few years ago.

Which one?

The ignition-interlock law.

Oh, did he actually work with you on that one?

He did. It was my bill that I originally introduced, and we amended it onto
(former Sen. Jim) Waring's bill, and Russell was a supporter of that legislation
and helped me, even to talk to some of his colleagues to get that legislation
through. So I believe Russell Pearce has the ability to work across the aisle,
and I'm hopeful that he will decide this year to do that.

My biggest concern about Russell Pearce is not an inability to work across party
lines because I know that he has that ability. My biggest concern is his
priorities.

Explain that.

He and I talked about this, about what the priority of the session will be. And
I'm hopeful, as are I think most Arizonans, that the priority of the Legislature
this year will be economic development and job creation and getting us back on
track.

That's what he said...

That's what he's saying. I hope that he sticks to that, and I hope that he
doesn't try to find ways to stretch this 14th Amendment issue into being an
economic development issue because I don't think it is. I don't think most think
it is, and so I'm hopeful that we can actually work on things that will actually
create jobs and stimulate our state's economy, and get us out of this recession.

But that's always been their approach, and they're basically saying this is an
issue about the economy. If there are fewer illegal immigrants, there would be
fewer hits to the general fund. You know the whole argument. It is, for them, an
economic issue.

But it's just not believable. I mean it's not believable to say, as we found out
today, that creating a second-class birth certificate is going to have any
impact on our state's economy. It still doesn't undo the 14th Amendment. I mean,
a person being born here, according to the federal Constitution, regardless of
what we do as a state, is still a citizen. I just don't understand how spending
all this time and energy on an issue that will not change birthright
citizenship, and I can't see any court on any level interpreting the 14th
Amendment any other way than the way it has been historically interpreted. And
of course, the Supreme Court did make a ruling on that many years ago and I just
can't see them overturning their own ruling in that case.

Anyway, that being said, I just feel like it's a waste of time.

Do you think Republicans will invite Democrats to the table?

I'm hopeful that the Republican leadership and the governor will work to craft
the budget in a bipartisan or nonpartisan way. I think all of us - or I'm
hopeful that all of us - have the best interest of the people of the state in
mind, and so it's my hope that we can work together to craft a budget that's the
best for all people of the state, not just people of one party.

On a more personal note, how's your baby girl?

She's great. She's cute. She's now six months and a couple of days old. And she
changes every day. There's something new every day. Now she'll grab stuff with
one hand and she'll pass it to the other. Put it in her mouth. Take it out. Pass
it back to the other hand and put it in her mouth. She's experimenting with
sounds and just making all kinds of new sounds.

Is she giving you sleepless nights?

The last two nights, yes. The problem is, we were in Atlanta for the holidays
with my wife's family and so she got on that time zone, and she's just having
problems adjusting to the time zone here and so on some nights we can't get her
to the bed till 10 p.m. On some nights she falls asleep at 5 p.m. and we can't
wake her up, and when she falls asleep at

5 p.m., it means she's waking up at like one or two in the morning. So it's
rough.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              401 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                          El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)

                              May 3, 2003 Saturday

:Bailey taking Derby, success right in stride

BYLINE: By Matthew Aguilar

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 870 words


That first mount -- back in 1974 -- was an indication of the phenomenal success
that would follow.

Jerry Bailey was 17 years old, and worked as a freelancer galloping horses at
Sunland Park Racetrack. Trainer Ike Danley's top jockey was forced off his
mounts, and Danley called Bailey.

"(Danley) asked Jerry if he would come back and ride the horse," said Bailey's
father, Jim. "Jerry answered 'yes' in a heartbeat."

Bailey recorded his first victory -- on a horse named Fetch -- before he really
knew what he was doing, showing the rough skills that he would hone into a
legendary career.

"He found out he liked it, and kept after it," the elder Bailey said.

Today, Jerry Bailey -- a Coronado graduate and the consensus top jockey in horse
racing, circa 2003 -- will ride Empire Maker in the 129th Kentucky Derby.
Despite a tender foot, Empire Maker will likely be the favorite -- in no small
part because of Bailey's ability. If Bailey wins, it will be on to the ultimate
goal -- the Triple Crown.

Then, possibly, retirement -- at the height of his career.

"I said a long time ago, age 45 would be the end of my career," said Bailey --
who happens to be 45 -- this week from one of his homes in Florida. "I would
make a decision to keep riding, or hang it up."

"I've looked at a lot of riders through the course of history. The majority of
them, at age 45, their skills diminished, their business diminished, their
clientele diminished. They were much less effective.

"I would have to analyze how I was performing, and put the package together."

Most consider Bailey a better rider now than at any time in his career, however.

"I think Jerry looks every bit as powerful as he always did," said Sunland Park
Racetrack & Casino Publicity Director Eric Alwan, a lifelong fan of -- and
employee in -- the sport. "You look at whether a jockey can make a horse finish.
(Thursday) he took El Gran Papa, a turf horse, and guided him to victory on the
dirt (at Churchill Downs). That's quite a trick if you can do that."

So would Bailey -- one of the most decorated jockeys in the history of the sport
-- actually walk away at the zenith of his abilities?

Consider: Bailey is the No. 1 jockey in the world, by virtue of his two-time
Derby-winning status, his Eclipse Awards as North America's outstanding jockey
three straight years -- and a record six times in the last eight years.

He also led the nation in purse earnings six times in eight years.

Walking away would admittedly be tough. However, it hasn't been an easy haul for
the native El Pasoan.

Early on, the perception was that Bailey -- who got got his first job at the
track mucking stalls and, later, as a groom -- was the son of a wealthy horse
owner who wouldn't apply himself. That's why it was so difficult to get that
first mount on Fetch, and others after that.

Despite repeated displays of dedication and toughness, the perception remained.
Bailey eventually got his shot and flourished. Through it all, the memories of
Fetch at Sunland Park are sketchy, but fond.

"I remember winning the race -- though I don't remember how," he said. "It was a
long time ago. I won two that day. It was a good afternoon."

Bailey likes Empire Maker and his chances.

"He's a nice horse to ride," he said. "He'll go as far as you want him to go. He
breaks well, and he's always in good position for you. He's not too headstrong.
He doesn't come from so far back. It's tough when a horse won't break -- when
they get so far behind they have to go through an entire field. In that sense,
he is a good horse to ride. He has a real good demeanor. He has a couple of
quirks at the gate, but other than that, (he's a good horse)."

The injury to Empire Maker's foot is a blow -- after all, Bailey has had bad
luck recently with injured horses. Until last week, this was finally the horse
that would go into the Derby healthy.

But Bailey accepted Tuesday's bad news -- Empire Maker's bruised foot -- in
stride, and the 6-5 morning-line favorite has been declared fit despite acting
up during a light jog Friday.

"I've been in the game for 28 years; I know this is a part of it," Bailey said.
"Injuries can happen at any time. You just have to accept it. I'm sure the horse
doesn't enjoy it."

Bailey has supreme faith in Empire Maker's trainer, Bobby Frankel -- an Eclipse
winner himself but still trying to win his first Derby at age 61.

"Bobby is an excellent trainer," Bailey said. "He does an excellent job and he
pays attention to detail. If anybody gets through this (injury), he will."

"He can be demanding. He's a perfectionist. (But) I get along with him great."

Bailey's career is as good as it gets. He has earned an estimated $260 million
in career purses, and, more often than not, gets first chance to pick his
horses. He knows that retirement may not be possible -- even if he wanted it to
be.

"The last time I looked, I was still number one in the world," he said. "I still
feel good riding horses."

Derby details

What: 129th running of the Kentucky Derby.

When: 4:04 p.m. today.

Where: Churchill Downs in Louisville, Ky.

TV: Channel 9-KTSM (cable Channel 10).

Matthew Aguilar may be reached at maguilarelpasotimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2003 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              402 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                             March 23, 2015 Monday
                                2 Tampa Edition

CABRERA WINS RAYS' SHORTSTOP BATTLE

BYLINE: MARC TOPKIN, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 648 words

DATELINE: PORT CHARLOTTE



HIGHLIGHT: The former All-Star has impressed the team with his defense this
spring.


The Rays have decided that Asdrubal Cabrera will be their everyday shortstop
after all.

When the Rays signed Cabrera in January, they said they would determine during
spring training whether to keep him at shortstop, where there had been talk of
diminished range; move him to second base; or have him split time between the
spots.

But based on how well Cabrera has played this month - and the fact that neither
Tim Beckham nor Nick Franklin have shown they would play better - Rays officials
have told Cabrera he will be the regular shortstop, the Tampa Bay Times has
learned. An official announcement is expected as soon as today.

With Cabrera set at shortstop, the team still has to decide how best to staff
second base. A platoon of Franklin and Logan Forsythe seems most likely, though
the Rays are expected to wait on making that decision based on health, related
roster moves and even potential trades. Beckham and nonroster invitees Jake
Elmore and Alexi Casilla can also play second.

Cabrera, 29, was a two-time All-Star at shortstop for the Indians, but amid talk
he was not covering as much ground, he was moved to second base when traded to
the Nationals last July 31.

New Rays manager Kevin Cash, a coach with Cleveland the past two seasons, said
Cabrera has been moving well, better than he remembered.

"He has not done anything this spring to look like he's lost range," Cash said
last week. "If I had to say, from spring training, this spring, I've had the
benefit of seeing him his last two years in Cleveland, he looks better. ... His
body looks better. He's moving really well.

"He's made a couple nice plays where he is moving, soft line drives, a couple
plays up the middle, and then a backhand play (last week) where he kind of
pulled (first baseman James) Loney off the bag, but still he showed his range."

Cabrera, playing on a one-year, $7.5 million contract and with something to
prove, said reports of his demise - in terms of diminished range - were wrong.

"I don't think that's true, but there's nothing I can do about it," the
Venezuela native said last week. "Just going out showing the people I can still
play shortstop."

Some stats and advanced metrics do show a decline. Cabrera has made 57 errors
over the past four seasons at shortstop, and his defensive runs saved average
per baseball-reference.com, have gone from plus-3 in 2011 to minus-5, -16 and -7
the past three seasons. He still would be a considerable improvement over former
shortstop Yunel Escobar, who posted a minus-24 last year.

Cabrera said publicly and told team officials when he reported to camp that he
would play either position but didn't want to bounce back and forth. But in
later interviews he made it clear he would prefer to stay at shortstop, which is
where he was most comfortable. "That's the position I've played almost my whole
career," he said last week.

And Cash said that would be part of their decision-making.

"You always factor in the comfort level of the player," Cash said. "Cabby was
great, talking to him, he's open to different ideas and thoughts. But he's been
a shortstop for six years, and I think he played a half a year or one year at
second base his first year (in the majors). So we understand that."

Besides, Cabrera does the one thing Rays officials said they value most from a
shortstop - make the routine plays.

"Cabby, he catches the ball," Cash said. "We like all the guys we have, but we
like the guy that is going to make the routine play. And not to say that anyone
is not doing that. I think they're all doing that. Cabby just has the experience
factor in there with making that play."

Neither Franklin, acquired last July from Seattle in the David Price deal, nor
Beckham, the 2008 No. 1 pick, has much big-league experience at short. Neither
has played particularly well at short this spring.

Contact Marc Topkin at mtopkin@tampabay.com Follow @TBTimes_Rays.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - WILL VRAGOVIC - Times: The Rays say Asdrubal Cabrera is moving
well this spring and making the routine plays. PHOTO - WILL VRAGOVIC - Times:
Asdrubal Cabrera, a two-time All-Star shortstop with the Indians, should give
the Rays a boost at the plate as well.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2015 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              403 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 1, 2013 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Business Activity Exceeds Predictions

BYLINE: By REUTERS

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 442 words


WASHINGTON -- Business activity in the Midwest surged beyond expectations in
October as new orders hit their highest level since 2004, countering recent
evidence of soft economic growth.

Meanwhile, weekly claims for unemployment benefits fell, in a sign that the
nation's labor market is on the rebound after the impact of a partial government
shutdown on furloughed federal workers diminished.

The Institute for Supply Management said on Thursday that its Chicago business
barometer jumped to 65.9 from 55.7, the strongest reading since March 2011 and
substantially higher than the most optimistic forecast in a Reuters poll.

The Labor Department said initial claims for state unemployment benefits dropped
by 10,000 to a seasonally adjusted 340,000 in the latest week.

The nation's job market has apparently slackened in recent months, with private
sector employers hiring fewer workers in October after the uncertainty caused by
the federal budget showdown in diminished confidence among consumers and
businesses.

Given that backdrop, analysts were skeptical about the supply management
institute's numbers.

''The report may be exaggerating the extent of economic growth momentum,'' said
Millan Mulraine, director of research at TD Securities.

Other recent figures on hiring, factory output and home sales in September have
suggested that the economy lost ground even before the government shut down.
Readings on consumer confidence last month have shown the fiscal standoff
rattled households.

A 16-day partial shutdown of the federal government pushed up new jobless claims
in recent weeks as furloughed workers applied for benefits, but this factor
appeared to be diminishing. Claims filed by federal employees dropped 29,713 in
the week ended Oct. 19 to 14,423. The shutdown ended on Oct. 17.

In addition, a Labor Department analyst said California, which had been dealing
with a backlog of jobless claims because of computer problems, reported no
carry-over in claims last week from previous weeks.

The four-week moving average for new jobless claims, considered a better measure
of labor market trends, increased 8,000 to 356,250.

The government will issue its October's employment report on Nov. 8. Payrolls
gained 148,000 in September, with the unemployment rate hitting a near five-year
low of 7.2 percent.

But if average monthly jobs growth continues at less than 150,000, where it has
been for three months, it would be difficult for the jobless rate to fall
further.

The shutdown could have affected the gathering of survey responses that form the
basis of the jobless rate, resulting in a smaller sample that might undermine
the accuracy of the report.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/11/01/business/economy/business-activity-exceeds-pre
dictions.html

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHART: Jobless Claims:  Weekly number of people who  have filed for
unemployment  benefits for the first time. (Source: Labor Department,  via
Bloomberg)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              404 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                    August 09, 2000 Wednesday, ALL EDITIONS

Tolerable compromise;
 Cellucci should OK diminished clinic buffer zone

SECTION: EDITORIAL; In our opinion; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 272 words



Just when it appeared that a bill calling for a 25-foot buffer zone around
health clinics that perform abortions was doomed, members of the Massachusetts
House of Representatives struck a compromise that got it out of committee and on
to easy approval from both the House and Senate.

Gov. Paul Cellucci has until the end of the week to sign the anti-harassment
bill. Although it is somewhat diminished, it should become law.

The legislation bars anti-abortion demonstrators from blocking clinic entrances
and bans in-your-face sidewalk counseling'' tactics within 18 feet of a clinic
entrance. The legislation is modeled after a Colorado law upheld by the U.S.
Supreme Court in June.

Although the 25-foot buffer zone had been cleared in advance by the
Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court, and despite strong legislative support,
the proposal had languished in committee because of the staunch opposition of
House Speaker Thomas M. Finneran.

The Supreme Court ruling in the Colorado case, as well as the majority support
in his own chamber, may have persuaded Mr. Finneran to relent.

Most anti-abortion demonstrators are peaceful and non-violent- and have a right
to make their views known. The bill targets tactics calculated to intimidate,
threaten and harass clinic patients and staff members.

The limited buffer zone, which offers a measure of protection, is better than no
buffer zone at all.

The bill, albeit diminished, strikes a tolerable balance between the rights of
the demonstrators to express their opinions and the rights of women and clinic
staff to be protected from harassment and intimidation.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2000 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              405 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           December 20, 2007 Thursday

Group warns Ohio's future bleak if greenhouse effect is unchecked;
Nature Conservancy sees extreme drought, heat, loss of species.

BYLINE: By Steve Bennish Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 714 words


COLUMBUS - The impact of climate change on Ohio could be perilous unless action
is taken to curtail greenhouse gases, a conservation group warned.

Ohio faces a future of extended droughts and extreme heat, loss of important
species and increased pressure from agricultural pests, among other things, said
the group, Nature Conservancy.

Saturday, representatives from 190 nations meeting for a U.N. climate conference
in Bali overcame divisions and agreed to reach a deal by 2009 to fight global
warming.

The two-week meeting ended with the United States dropping opposition to a
request from developing nations for more technological help to fight climate
change. The new deal sets an agenda to find ways to reduce pollution and help
poor countries.

Denise Franz King, director of government relations for the Nature Conservancy
in Ohio, said Ohioans will feel global warming through changes in weather, the
economy and in plant and animal diversity.

The conservancy's report, which also concluded that the Buckeye State can look
forward to periods of intense rain and flooding like last summer's northwest
Ohio floods that caused nearly $30 million in damage, is based on projections
from published scientific literature including papers from the International
Joint Commission on the Great Lakes, a U.S.-Canadian organization that monitors
transboundary environmental agreements, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate
Change, a scientific body formed by the U.N. and the World Meteorological
Organization and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.

The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and former Vice President Al Gore
were awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for their efforts to generate awareness of
climate change.

According to King of the conservancy, Ohio could within decades also experience:

* Diminished water supplies for agricultural, municipal and residential use.
Competition for diminished water supplies will be increased by more demands for
irrigation because of drought.

* The migration of southern agricultural pests into Ohio, such as the corn
earworm and bean leaf beetles.

* Lower lake levels, threatening the Great Lakes shipping industry and creating
substantial expense to taxpayers for dredging harbors.

* Loss of popular game fish species as cold-water species, including walleye and
muskellunge, migrate north.

* Expanded low-oxygen "dead zones" in the Great Lakes, killing fish and other
aquatic life.

* Loss of valuable hardwood species from Ohio's forest, limiting Ohio's forest
products industry.

* A 50 percent loss in the number of neotropical migrant species including
warblers, tanagers and other songbirds that breed in Ohio.

"We've had a taste of what those predictions show," King said. "We have to
decide if this is the future we want to will our children."

Bob Brecha, a University of Dayton physics professor who specializes in
environmental and energy issues, said that as extreme changes unfold in Ohio, it
will be very difficult for humans to turn the trend around.

"The earth system is a very slow system and it's like trying to turn around an
ocean liner with a paddle," he said.

"My hope is we realize this is a long-term project. We need to start doing
something now. We need to realize from Bali that we are among the few industrial
countries that have not been proactive. We don't want to stand alone because it
is a global problem."

Marianist Sister Leanne M. Jablonski, director of the Marianist Environmental
Education Center at the University of Dayton, said that because Ohio generates 1
percent of the world's carbon dioxide emissions, the state has a moral
responsibility to act.

Public awareness of the seriousness of the situation has increased recently,
noted Jablonski, who also is author of the Ohio Sustainable Energy Charter of
the Interfaith Climate and Energy Campaign.

Huntting W. Brown, Wright State University's new director of sustainability and
a lecturer in the university's Department of Earth and Environmental Sciences,
said WSU is working on a plan to make buildings more energyefficient and to
upgrade its recycling program.

WSU intends to use greener cleaning products and educate its faculty, staff and
students on how their lifestyles can impact the environment. "We hope to act as
a model for the community," Brown said.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              406 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             May 5, 2004 Wednesday
                                  All Editions

SECTION: BUSINESS; Business briefs; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 501 words


Wintrust to acquire mortgage business

LAKE FOREST - Wintrust Financial Corp. announced Tuesday it has agreed to
acquire SGB Corp., doing business as WestAmerica Mortgage Co., and the latter's
affiliate, Guardian Real Estate Services. The majority of mortgage operations
are conducted out of Oakbrook Terrace, with many administrative functions in
Greenwood Village, Colo. The mortgage company, founded in 1978, is licensed in
33 states, has 250 employees, and originated or purchased about $2.3 billion of
residential real estate loans in 2003. The operations will be subsidiaries of
Barrington Bank & Trust Co., which is owned by Wintrust.

R.R. Donnelley loses at Supreme Court

CHICAGO - The U.S. Supreme Court revived a workplace discrimination suit against
R.R. Donnelley & Sons Co., ruling that workers fired between 1992 and 1994 in a
Chicago plant closing had four years from their dismissal to file bias claims,
not two years as ruled by a lower court. The workers' lawyer, H. Candace Gorman
of Chicago, said about 500 workers' claims are affected by the ruling. The
employees' suit said that during the shutdown of the plant that once printed
Sears catalogs, about one-fourth of all white employees were transferred to
other jobs while only about 2 percent of black employees were transferred.

$300 million payout avoided by Allstate

BELLEVILLE, Ill. -A circuit court jury found that Allstate Insurance Co. should
not have to pay for the diminished value of policyholder vehicles that had been
damaged in accidents. The $300 million lawsuit covered 387,000 Allstate
policyholders from 29 states, concerning vehicles that were damaged between June
1996 and February 2001. The lead plaintiffs in the case, Michael and Tiffany
Sims of East St. Louis, had their 1994 Toyota pickup damaged in two separate
accidents. Allstate paid about $3,000 in repairs, but the couple sought $800 for
the diminished value of the truck.

Zierk's looking for new store site

SCHAUMBURG - Mike Zierk, president of Thomasville Home Furnishings by Zierk's,
said Tuesday the five-store chain is planning to open a new store in the north
suburbs next year to replace the Schaumburg store it decided to close when its
five-year lease came up for renewal. The new location will be freestanding like
its other sites and unlike the Schaumburg store, which, as part of a strip
center, was too dependent on the drawing power of other tenants, he said. The
Schaumburg store closing sale began Saturday.

Hotel company lease deal extended

ARLINGTON HEIGHTS - Arlington Hospitality Inc. announced Tuesday the extension
to May 31 of a two-month-old agreement with PMC Commercial Trust, the landlord
of 21 AmeriHost Inn hotels. The company is paying about $360,000 instead of
about $445,000 a month as it seeks to restructure the lease agreements to
improve operating results and cash flow and to agree on a sale plan that would
transfer the hotels to other operators. The deferred payments will be made up in
monthly installments beginning in June.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              407 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           December 29, 2015 Tuesday

Travel takes a bite out of winter school attendance in Utah

BYLINE: By Benjamin Wood The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 541 words


Ogden's Odyssey Elementary has a goal of 95 percent attendance, and Principal
Leanne Rich said her students hit that target in most months.

The exceptions, she said, are December and January, when attendance falls to
roughly 90 percent, or 30 to 40 more students absent than in other months.

At Odyssey, 80 percent of students are racial minorities, with roughly half
learning English as a second language. That community includes several immigrant
and refugee families, Rich said, many of whom leave the state or country to
visit relatives during the holiday months.

"The range varies," Rich said. "I have some families who are literally going for
two months and others who are going for nine days."

Winter months are prone to sick days and holiday travel that can keep any
student out of school. But Utah educators say there is also a notable trend
among minority families to take extended vacations in December and January.

The holiday exodus isn't large enough to cause severe operational issues at
schools. But the extra absences can create hurdles for struggling students when
the families return.

"We have to make instructional decisions," Rich said, "because so many of the
kids, if they're gone, miss very, very foundational instruction."

Others say the holiday trend has diminished since the recession, when a sluggish
economy dried up the employment opportunities driving immigration.

Joann Price, a former principal in Salt Lake City School District, said many of
her Latino students would leave school in December.

Now a school leadership support director for the district, she said
vacation-driven dips in attendance aren't an issue at the schools with which she
works.

"That really diminished," she said, "when the recession hit and a lot of
families left because the work wasn't prevalent here."

Michael Clara, a Salt Lake City School Board member who represents the west
side, said current politics have made international travel more challenging for
immigrant and refugee families.

"Five or six years ago it was happening all the time," he said. "I don't see it
happening at all now."

Rich said that in the lower grades, when students are being taught to read and
write, a break in schooling of several weeks can be a significant interruption.

"They come back and it's like they take a huge step backward with their
language," she said, "which affects their literacy, their numeracy and their
everything."

But students who travel internationally also have advantages, she said, in the
form of an opportunity to learn about different places and cultures.

When parents contact her to excuse their children for several weeks, she said,
she encourages them to find educational moments during the break.

"We definitely encourage writing," she said. "They're having rich experiences
that they can write about and share with us when they get back."

And it's not just diverse schools that take an attendance hit during the winter
months, Price said.

While international and extended travel has trended down, she said students are
still missing school in December and January due to colds and other health
concerns.

"It's usually because of the illnesses that hit schools," she said. "They're
kind of like a giant petri dish."

bwood@sltrib.com

Twitter: @bjaminwood

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              408 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            February 27, 2015 Friday

UMN research review finds inadequate protections

BYLINE: By Josh Verges jverges@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: EDUCATION; Minnesota-Twin Cities; State

LENGTH: 808 words


A decade after a psychiatric patient's suicide, the University of Minnesota
still fails on several fronts to protect vulnerable human research subjects.

That's the finding of an external review ordered by President Eric Kaler last
year and made public Friday. It raises serious questions about the authorization
of and oversight for U research, especially in the Department of Psychiatry.

Questions about recruitment, consent and treatment have persisted since a 2008
Pioneer Press series concerning the 2004 death of Dan Markingson, an
antipsychotic drug research subject.

Friday's report discussed the circumstances of Markingson's death but focused on
research practices at the U from 2011 to 2014 as they relate to research
subjects with a diminished capacity to make their own decisions.

"A lot of things they identify as problems are ... current problems, and they're
significant failings," said Leigh Turner, an associate professor in the U's
Center for Bioethics who has been critical of the university.

Reviewers concluded that "the University has not taken an appropriately
aggressive and informed approach to protecting subjects and regaining lost
trust."

They found the U's Institutional Review Board, which oversees all research, is
plagued by poor attendance and a lack of expertise and has been loath to hold
researchers to high standards of patient protection.

Typically, the board relies on department-level scientific reviews for assessing
whether the benefits of a study outweigh the risks. But those reviews lack
substance, the review found, and sometimes are performed by subordinates of a
department chair leading the study.

Brian Herman, the U's vice president of research, said oversight concerns
already are being addressed. He is recruiting more experts to the review board
and has established a separate body of top researchers -- the Research
Compliance Advisory Committee -- to assist the review board.

The review panel found ethics training for U researchers to be minimal, even
amid significant internal and external criticism.

And it pointed to a lack of confidence in psychiatric leaders to do the right
thing. The panel found it "of major concern" that a few psychiatric researchers
were widely seen by their peers as "untrustworthy" when it comes to the
protection of human subjects.

An open letter Friday from Kaler and Herman noted that subjects with "diminished
decision-making capacity" represent a small number of total research subjects --
89 studies over three years included them, the report said -- and that policy
changes already have been made to improve oversight.

Kaler and Herman promised to adopt the panel's recommendations for better
training and monitoring. They said an action plan will be prepared within 60
days.

"The recommendations in the report, combined with the federal guidance and
significant academic input that have emerged over the past decade on human
subjects research that involves individuals of diminished functional abilities,
will allow us to create a world-class human subjects research program," they
wrote.

Among the review team's recommendations is that Fairview Health Systems clinical
staff, who have come to mistrust "aggressive" U researchers, be assigned in a
formal gatekeeping role to help protect the interests of vulnerable subjects.

They noted that the review board has not been firm in ensuring patients have the
capacity to give initial and ongoing consent -- especially when some patients
perceive they could face involuntary hospital commitment if they decline.

Herman said that the introduction of another gatekeeper would add complexity to
research projects but that it's "an interesting recommendation and it's one that
we need to look at and think about more thoroughly."

"Our ultimate goal is to protect these individuals as much as we can," he added.

The panel acknowledged that changes in policies and procedures the U made last
year largely were positive. However, some new language assumes a subject is
capable of deciding whether to enroll unless there is "substantial evidence
otherwise" that conflicts with federal guidance, which requires the researcher
to affirmatively establish that the subject understands what's at stake.

The panel also found in on-site visits that many researchers are committed to
ethical work.

"In its response to this report, the University has an opportunity to signal a
change in its culture of human subjects research by creating an expectation of
excellence, demanding accountability, and more effectively engaging the
community," the review team wrote.

Josh Verges can be reached at 651-228-2171. Follow him at twitter.com/ua14 .

IF YOU GO

Two members of the external review panel will participate in a presentation of
the report at 1 p.m. March 6 in the university's Coffman Theater.

To read the report, go to twincities.com/education .

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              409 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            August 27, 2011 Saturday

Contra Costa Times editorial: Internet gambling is a bad bet to close California
budget gap

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times editorial © Copyright 2011, Bay Area News Group

SECTION: OPINION; Editorials

LENGTH: 466 words


California Senate leader Darrell Steinberg wants to delay any action on Internet
gambling until 2012. A better decision would be for him and the Legislature to
permanently abandon efforts to legalize online gaming in the state.

It is easy to understand the attraction of additional state funds from gambling
at a time when tax revenues have fallen short and California faces more cuts to
basic government programs, especially education.

It is also clear that a protracted debate over Internet gambling can continue to
attract huge sums of money into Sacramento from pro-gambling lobbyists.

Hundreds of thousands of dollars have been flowing into the state Capitol from
the Morongo and San Manuel bands of Indians, who support Senate Bill 40 by Sen.
Lou Correa, D-Santa Ana. It would legalize only online poker.

The California Tribal Business Alliance and others oppose Correa's bill and have
asked the Legislature to delay Senate Bill 45 by Sen. Rod Wright, D-Inglewood,
which would legalize all kinds of Internet gambling.

Neither of these Internet gambling bills merit passage. They pose serous legal,
logistical and ethical problems that make them ineffective and undesirable.

The federal government has banned Internet gambling, but some states still
believe they have the authority to legalize and tax it on their own. Whether
that is true has yet to be settled and is likely to lead to litigation.

Federal prosecution of key executives involved in offshore Internet gambling has
diminished those once-flourishing operations. What steps Washington might take
toward individual states that legalize Internet gambling is far from clear.

Even if states were allowed to legalize Internet gambling one has to wonder how
they would be able to force such businesses to operate only within state
borders.

Once a gambling enterprise is on the Internet, it is open to everyone and could
well be in violation of the federal ban on Internet gambling.

There is a question of whether taxes gleaned from Internet gambling would result
in diminished taxes from other businesses. The money spent on gambling most
likely would not be new money, but funds that were shifted away from other, more
productive taxable businesses.

Then there is the ethical question of whether government should lure people,
many of whom can ill afford it, into gambling to boost tax revenues.

We have opposed urban casinos, including a massive one considered in Richmond,
because of the ethical problems associated with gambling and its lack of useful
productivity.

Internet gambling would spread these problems across the state and beyond,
without a reliable way for the state to control it.

Desperate economic times may call for desperate solutions, but there ought to be
limits. Internet gambling exceeds them and is a bad bet for California.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The homepage of PartyGaming.com is displayed on a computer monitor in
London, U.K. (Chet Susslin/Bloomberg News)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              410 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            February 22, 2013 Friday

Times Co. plans sale of The Boston Globe;
Divestment would allow the company to focus on its core journalism brand

BYLINE: AMY CHOZICK and CHRISTINE HAUGHNEY

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 788 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK

ABSTRACT

Mark Thompson, president and chief executive of the Times Co., said selling the
newspaper and other properties was part of a plan to focus on the New York Times
brand.

FULL TEXT

The New York Times Co. plans to sell The Boston Globe and other New England
properties, allowing the media company to focus energy and resources on its
flagship newspaper.

The Times Co. announced Wednesday that it had retained Evercore Partners to
manage the sale of the New England Media Group, anchored by The Globe,
Boston.com, The Worcester Telegram & Gazette and Globe Direct, a direct-mail
marketing company.

Mark Thompson, president and chief executive of the Times Co., described The
Globe and The Telegram & Gazette as ''outstanding newspapers.'' In a statement,
he said that selling the newspapers would demonstrate ''our commitment to
concentrate our strategic focus and investment on The New York Times brand and
its journalism.''

The Times Co. paid $1.1 billion for The Globe in 1993, and for years the Boston
daily brought prestige and profit to the company. But recently the newspaper has
suffered in an industrywide decline in circulation and advertising revenue.

The paper's circulation has diminished by nearly half in the past decade. Monday
to Friday circulation fell to 230,351 in September 2012 from 438,621 in 2002.
The figure for September is a slight improvement from the 205,939 weekday
circulation in September 2011, according to the Alliance for Audited Media.

The Times Co. is expected to seek a buyer in an auction, but in a statement it
said, ''There can be no assurance that any transaction will take place.''

Suitors have approached the Times Co. about purchasing The Globe in the past. In
2009, after the company said The Globe was on track to lose $85 million, Arthur
Sulzberger Jr., chairman of the Times Co., turned down one bid of about $35
million and the assumption of pension obligations for The Globe and The Telegram
& Gazette.

One group of interested investors included Stephen E. Taylor, whose family had
owned The Globe and sold the paper to The Times. Mr. Sulzberger later said The
Globe's finances had turned around and the offers were too low.

The Times Co. has in recent years sold assets unrelated to The Times. In
September, IAC/InterActiveCorp paid $300 million for the About Group, which
includes About.com and CalorieCount.com. In May, the Times Co. received $63
million for its remaining stake in the Fenway Sports Group, the company that
owns the Boston Red Sox. Last year, the company sold its 16 regional newspapers,
including The Gainesville Sun and The Sarasota Herald Tribune, to Halifax Media
Holdings for $143 million.

The Times Co. also owns the International Herald Tribune.

Alexia S. Quadrani, an analyst at JPMorgan Chase, said the sale was welcome news
for investors because it would let the Times Co. focus on its core business and
raised the possibility that investors might receive a dividend.

''It helps The New York Times in the sense that they've had some good successes
with the core products,'' Ms. Quadrani said. ''The fact that circulation at the
core New York Times outweighs advertising revenue is a good thing.''

Globe management has for the past several years tried to shepherd a diminished
newsroom into a digital future, efforts that have showed signs of success.
According to the Times Co., digital subscriptions to The Globe and
BostonGlobe.com grew to about 28,000 subscribers in the fourth quarter of 2012,
an 8 percent increase from the end of September. The paper has tried other
creative means to make up for diminished advertising and circulation revenue.

After The Globe's longtime editor, Martin Baron, departed in December to become
the executive editor of The Washington Post, the Globe's publisher, Christopher
Mayer, hired the popular metro columnist Brian McGrory to replace him. And as
The Globe's need for newsroom space shrank, Mr. Mayer tried to welcome new
partners in the digital world by offering office space to technology start-up
companies that could work with The Globe on investigative articles and ventures
like The Boston Globe's travel show.

''Our business continues to change in many ways,'' Mr. Mayer said, ''and this
process may certainly lead to a significant one, but what isn't changing is our
commitment to our mission and our strategy of informing, entertaining and
engaging our readers.''

John Janedis, a research analyst with UBS, estimated that the paper was worth
$150 million to $175 million, purely on a cash-flow basis without factoring in
pension liabilities. ''Do they sell it at any price to allow them to focus
solely on the flagship New York Times platform, which has a much higher
probability of success?'' Mr. Janedis said.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              411 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 24, 2011 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

City Opera Departure Brings Questions

BYLINE: By DANIEL J. WAKIN

SECTION: Section C; Column 0; The Arts/Cultural Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 879 words


New York City Opera's decision to bail out of Lincoln Center raised the sounds
of lamentation from company veterans and opera world officials on Monday, many
of whom heard the news as a near death knell.

The anguished expressions of regret came amid a deafening silence from Lincoln
Center and City Opera officials, and leaders of other cultural institutions who
might serve as hosts for the company in its new peripatetic persona. City
Opera's leaders now face the immense task of extricating the company from
Lincoln Center, finding new places to perform and planning a season that is only
five months away.

The company's co-tenant in the David H. Koch Theater, New York City Ballet,
expressed concern about the loss of revenues to its home. ''It's a challenge,
because clearly we have to make sure the hall is used, so we're not obligated''
for additional costs, said Katherine E. Brown, the executive director of City
Ballet. She said it was ''very unlikely'' that her company would expand its
programming. ''We feel like we've got the right season,'' she said.

City Opera's departure, she noted, creates the opportunity for other performing
groups to take up residence in the newly renovated Koch Theater.

City Opera said last week that it planned to leave the theater, where it pays
roughly $4.5 million a year in costs; slash its already diminished budget; and
trim its 48-member staff. Union officials also said the company was trying to
end guaranteed contracts for its chorus and musicians. City Opera officials did
not respond to requests for comment on Monday, nor did Lincoln Center officials.

''It would in essence be the end of the New York City Opera as we know it and
love it,'' said Julius Rudel, who first conducted at the opera when it was
founded in 1943 and served as its general director and principal conductor from
1957 to 1979. He blamed ''inconsistent board leadership'' for the company's woes
and urged the trustees to change their minds.

Francesca Zambello, the opera and theater director, said she was saddened by
''this slow demise of what's so important to all of us.''

''Everyone in our profession is watching with great concern, and has been for
several years,'' said Ms. Zambello, who was once a contender to be the company's
artistic director. ''Removing myself from my own personal relationship with the
company, to think that New York City cannot support two companies because of the
board's mishaps is a very depressing fact.''

George Steel, City Opera's general manager and artistic director, said the
company would perform in various locations in New York, seeking a stable home
for three full-size operas, and other spaces for two smaller operas and three
concerts.

The obvious possibilities are the Brooklyn Academy of Music; City Center, where
City Opera performed before moving to Lincoln Center in 1966; and the Park
Avenue Armory. Officials of all three declined to discuss City Opera.

Wherever the company moves, the logistics are daunting and the questions rife.
What about old sets that don't fit? Where can City Opera find theaters with a
pit, offstage space and the necessary rigging and lighting? Where will the staff
have offices?

''They've got these Herculean tasks to accomplish with a diminished staff and a
diminished budget,'' said Cori Ellison, City Opera's former dramaturge, who
parted company with the opera last year. ''That's tough for anybody.''

City Opera has periodically announced efforts to leave Lincoln Center over the
past three decades, citing concerns over the theater's acoustics. The issue was
much less prominent before that time, Mr. Rudel said, when attendance was more
robust and the company presented some 20 productions a season, compared with the
5 of the past two seasons.

This time the decision to move came during a period of financial weakness,
catching the opera world by surprise. It was accompanied by few details, leaving
many wondering what City Opera's plan was.

''I have the impression they're going into this half blind,'' said William
Mason, the general director of the Lyric Opera of Chicago. ''Boards don't
understand how opera companies work,'' he said. ''A board's job is to provide
oversight.''

The City Opera board ''has not done well by the management over the past few
years,'' he added. ''It has not done well by the company.''

In 2007 City Opera hired as its general manager the Belgian impresario Gerard
Mortier, who insisted on a theater renovation that left the company mostly dark
for a season. He then resigned before formally taking over.

But Mr. Mortier also advocated field trips elsewhere in Manhattan, like the
Apollo Theater and the Hammerstein Ballroom. There was no word where those spots
figured in Mr. Steel's thinking.

''It can't be helpful to lose a constituent,'' said Peter Gelb, the general
manager of the Metropolitan Opera, which operates across Lincoln Center's plaza.
''It's certainly never healthy to have a house dark.'' Mr. Gelb said he knew
little of City Opera's plans, and noted that unlike that company, the Met acts
as its own landlord.

''I'm sad they are in financial trouble and are being forced to reassess their
situation,'' he said in a telephone interview from Vietnam, where he was taking
a few days off during preparations for the Met's tour in Japan.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: It has been a difficult spring for New York City Opera, and the
future remains unclear. (PHOTOGRAPH BY DEIDRE SCHOO FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)(C5)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                              412 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                          February 22, 2017 Wednesday
                                 METRO EDITION

the good life

BYLINE: KATY READ; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: SPECIAL; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1164 words



HIGHLIGHT: Combating social isolation // More than 250,000 Minnesotans over 60
live alone. How can we fight off loneliness?


Kim Griswold Holmberg's older daughter worries about her.

"She worries that her old mom spends way too much time alone," said Holmberg,
61.

And it's true, she said. "I've been alone for the last 12 years, essentially."

That's how long ago Holmberg divorced, after a 25-year marriage. Now she lives
in an apartment in Plymouth - usually alone, although her younger daughter, 25,
is living there temporarily. Her other daughter lives in Vietnam, so they get
together only once a year or so.

Holmberg recently broke off a 12-year relationship with a man in Duluth - a
long-distance relationship that left her alone much of the time. Most of her
friends are married and busy with other things. Even at work, Holmberg spends
whole days alone, sitting in model homes as a representative for a builder,
waiting for the occasional drop-in visitor.

Holmberg makes an effort not to dwell on loneliness.

"I know a lot of people my age suffer from varying degrees of depression because
of it," she said. "It does become a mind-over-matter kind of thing."

Depression is one of the most obvious signs of loneliness. But as researchers
increasingly investigate the health effects of social isolation, they've

linked it to a host of emotional, physical and cognitive problems.

Though not widely recognized by the public or even many health organizations,
social isolation is a serious health threat - comparable to smoking 15
cigarettes a day, said Lisa Marsh Ryerson, president of the AARP Foundation.

"Prolonged isolation puts millions of people 50 and up at risk of diminished
health," Ryerson said, speaking at the annual meeting of the Gerontological
Society of America last fall.

Researchers have found associations between social isolation and a long list of
ailments, including dementia, heart disease, stroke, diminished immunity,
disrupted sleep, high blood pressure - even increased chance of death. A 2010
study found that people with adequate social relationships have a 50 percent
greater likelihood of survival compared with those with insufficient
relationships. Another study found that lack of social engagement increases the
risk of suicide.

Loneliness can strike at any life stage, of course. But the years of midlife and
beyond bring events that can trigger or increase it: divorce, widowhood,
children leaving home, friends' deaths, driving restrictions, mobility, hearing
or vision limitations and other health problems. People who live in rural areas,
belong to marginalized communities or don't speak fluent English are at greater
risk. As the overall population ages, loneliness threatens to become epidemic.

Americans once commonly lived with or near their extended families, letting
people of different generations help one another. But in recent decades, the
culture has become more geographically mobile. Families are scattered around the
country or world. Few live in multigenerational households. Meanwhile,
membership in traditional social organizations, such as churches and civic
groups, has declined.

"A majority of the seniors we see are socially isolated and have loneliness and
medical issues related to it," said Joel Theisen, founder and CEO of Lifesprk,
an Edina-based organization that provides services for seniors.

"I think, unfortunately, we have isolation by design. Even though we don't want
to call it that, we still institutionalize and isolate [older people]. We
haven't pulled our families closer together; we've pushed them further apart."

Traditionally, older people have played an important part in families, offering
help and knowledge, he said. "It's a symbiotic relationship we've basically
butchered."

In an AARP survey of Americans older than 45, the percentage who said they were
lonely had doubled since the 1980s. Up to 40 percent now report feeling lonely.

An individual's degree of loneliness can be hard to assess. For one thing, it's
subjective - not everyone who lives alone feels lonely. And it carries a stigma;
while Holmberg said she has no problem discussing her own feelings, she has
lonely friends who won't talk about theirs. Admitting to loneliness feels
tantamount to admitting social weakness, unlikability or failure at friendship
and love.

And even if a doctor could diagnose loneliness, a physician can offer few
solutions beyond medication to treat the depression, Theisen said.

In Minnesota, more than 250,000 people over 60 live alone. "Minnesota nice" - a
term sometimes used ironically to indicate residents' superficial friendliness
but reticence about forming closer bonds with strangers - may exacerbate
isolation.

"This 'Minnesota nice' thing - when will we see it? 'Cause it hasn't happened so
far," said

Holmberg, who was born and raised here.

Several years ago, Britain began devoting public funds and national attention to
combat loneliness, launching programs through local and national governments. In
this country, where about one in three people older than 65 (and half over 85)
live alone, organized efforts are more recent.

But social service agencies throughout the Upper Midwest have begun hosting
parties, delivering home-cooked meals and visiting senior centers. Some programs
match older people with younger or peer volunteers. The National

Association of Area Agencies on Aging (n4a.org) and the AARP are collaborating
nationwide to help seniors assess their risk of isolation and connect them with
services. The association has published a brochure offering resources and
suggestions for staying socially active: calling friends to get together, taking
a class, volunteering for a cause, checking out faith-based organizations and
their group events.

For those who want more intensive contact with others, programs are popping up
that attempt to mitigate isolation through shared housing arrangements. Some
individuals are finding roommates or creating

cohousing communities. In Minneapolis, a new program called Vibrante offers a
house on Lake Nokomis designed for four older women to share (see page 12). And
several groups are working to launch cohousing communities - developments where
people occupy separate homes but share common spaces, meals and maintenance
chores - to join the existing 25-year-old cohousing community in St. Louis Park
(page 13).

Others turn to social media. For Holmberg, the dating website Match.com has been
a useful tool. She hasn't found "the one" yet, but "in the meantime, I've been
out and about, and I've had some amazing experiences."

Then there's Facebook. Use of the social-networking site has been correlated
with loneliness, but it's hard to say whether seeing friends' posts makes people
feel lonely or lonely people are drawn to the site for virtual companionship.
For Holmberg, it's definitely the latter. "Facebook, to me, is like my family,"
she said.

This article was written with support from the Journalists in Aging Fellowships,
a program of New America Media and the Gerontological Society of America,
sponsored by the Retirement Research Foundation.

Katy Read · 612-673-4583

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2017 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              413 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 15, 2016 Friday

Reduced brain connectivity in frontal cortex linked to propofol-induced loss of
consciousness

LENGTH: 365  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: American Association for the Advancement of Science has issued the
following news release:



  A new study shows that loss of responsiveness induced by propofol, a commonly
used anesthetic, is associated with greatly diminished brain connectivity in the
frontal cortex and significant changes in resting state brain networks. The
study, based on a novel method for constructing total brain connectivity maps
and comparing them with results obtained for resting state networks, is
published in Brain Connectivity, a peer-reviewed journal from Mary Ann Liebert,
Inc., publishers. The article is available free on the Brain Connectivity
website until May 14, 2016.





 In "Propofol-Induced Frontal Cortex Disconnection: A Study of Resting State
Networks, Total Brain Connectivity, and Mean BOLD Signal Oscillation
Frequencies," Pieter Guldenmund and coauthors from University of Li&egrave;ge
and CHR Hospital Citadelle (Li&egrave;ge, Belgium), National University of
Colombia and Central University of Colombia (Bogot&aacute;), University of
Western Ontario (London, Canada), and University of Wisconsin (Madison), used
resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) to determine changes
in resting state brain networks, total brain connectivity, and mean oscillation
frequencies of the regional blood oxygenation level dependent (BOLD) signal
associated with propofol-induced mild sedation and loss of consciousness. The
researchers conclude that diminished connectivity in the frontal lobes plays an
important role in propofol-induced loss of responsiveness.



 "Very little is understood about the biological mechanism of how an anesthetic
produces sedation and loss of consciousness, especially in the brain," says
Christopher Pawela, PhD, Co-Editor-in-Chief of Brain Connectivity and Assistant
Professor of Anesthesiology, Medical College of Wisconsin. "Pieter Guldenmund
and his colleagues have produced an elegant study using resting-state functional
connectivity MRI to implicate the frontal lobes in the mechanism of action of
propofol in the brain."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              414 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 14, 2016 Thursday

Reduced brain connectivity in frontal cortex linked to propofol-induced loss of
consciousness

LENGTH: 365  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: American Association for the Advancement of Science has issued the
following news release:



  A new study shows that loss of responsiveness induced by propofol, a commonly
used anesthetic, is associated with greatly diminished brain connectivity in the
frontal cortex and significant changes in resting state brain networks. The
study, based on a novel method for constructing total brain connectivity maps
and comparing them with results obtained for resting state networks, is
published in Brain Connectivity, a peer-reviewed journal from Mary Ann Liebert,
Inc., publishers. The article is available free on the Brain Connectivity
website until May 14, 2016.





 In "Propofol-Induced Frontal Cortex Disconnection: A Study of Resting State
Networks, Total Brain Connectivity, and Mean BOLD Signal Oscillation
Frequencies," Pieter Guldenmund and coauthors from University of Li&egrave;ge
and CHR Hospital Citadelle (Li&egrave;ge, Belgium), National University of
Colombia and Central University of Colombia (Bogot&aacute;), University of
Western Ontario (London, Canada), and University of Wisconsin (Madison), used
resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) to determine changes
in resting state brain networks, total brain connectivity, and mean oscillation
frequencies of the regional blood oxygenation level dependent (BOLD) signal
associated with propofol-induced mild sedation and loss of consciousness. The
researchers conclude that diminished connectivity in the frontal lobes plays an
important role in propofol-induced loss of responsiveness.



 "Very little is understood about the biological mechanism of how an anesthetic
produces sedation and loss of consciousness, especially in the brain," says
Christopher Pawela, PhD, Co-Editor-in-Chief of Brain Connectivity and Assistant
Professor of Anesthesiology, Medical College of Wisconsin. "Pieter Guldenmund
and his colleagues have produced an elegant study using resting-state functional
connectivity MRI to implicate the frontal lobes in the mechanism of action of
propofol in the brain."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              415 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           September 11, 2011 Sunday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

PERRY RIDES INTO 'PONZI' TERRITORY

BYLINE: ADAM C. SMITH, Times Political Editor

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; THE BUZZ: ON FLORIDA POLITICS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 749 words


The focus of the Republican presidential campaign this week turns to Florida,
where one in six residents receives Social Security benefits. And Rick Perry has
some explaining to do.

The Texas governor and presidential front-runner called Social Security "a Ponzi
scheme" and "monstrous lie" in last week's debate in California, leading Mitt
Romney to suggest Perry is unelectable because he is hostile not just to how the
cherished entitlement program is financed but to the program itself. Perry has
previously called the program a failure and suggested it should be turned over
to the states.

"Social Security is unsustainable in its current form. Most Americans and any
honest leader has to admit that," Perry campaign spokesman Ray Sullivan said,
dismissing Romney's criticism of Perry's Social Security rhetoric. "The governor
sounded the alarm on the need to reform Social Security. He would protect
benefits for those currently receiving them and those near retirement but wants
a national discussion and review about the changes to the system to make it more
stable and financially sound going forward."

The issue is sure to come up at Monday's CNN-Tea Party Express debate televised
live from the state fairgrounds in Tampa from 8 p.m. to 10 p.m.

* * *

GOP straw poll

Michele Bachmann and Romney have declared they won't actively campaign for the
Florida GOP's Presidency 5 straw poll mock election Sept. 24, but Perry says
he's eager to participate.

"Florida is very important to me, and I am looking forward to bringing my
pro-jobs conservative message to Florida and the Presidency 5 straw poll
events," said Perry, who is assembling a strong Florida campaign team.

Every major candidate's name will be on the straw poll ballot, and even if
Bachmann and Romney decide not to address the more than 3,000 delegates before
the mock election, the delegates will have had an opportunity to see them speak
and debate in Orlando on Sept. 22 and 23.

"You can't win the White House if you can't win Florida, and this event is the
first real test for these national campaigns here in the Sunshine State," said
state party spokesman Brian Hughes.

* * *

Presidency 5 spurned

Former Utah Gov. Jon Huntsman is turning his attention away from Florida toward
New Hampshire. Though he has hired former Jeb Bush and Tim Pawlenty fundraiser
Ann Herberger, Huntsman is shifting manpower out of his Orlando campaign
headquarters to New Hampshire, where he has consistently polled toward the
bottom of the field. The campaign early on had committed to participating in the
Florida straw poll, but on Friday said shifting attention to New Hampshire
partly reflected "the diminished importance of Florida's "P5."

Suffice it to say, that did not endear Huntsman to the Florida Republican Party.

"The Huntsman team has redefined irony," said party spokesman Hughes. "On the
day a campaign that polls near last place calls Presidency 5 'diminished,' the
campaign polling in first place announces it will vigorously compete to win P5.
Florida Republicans will help the ultimate nominee win this state and the White
House. Why any campaign would choose to disparage the 3,500 people who represent
the core of our state party's base defies reason."

* * *

Iorio on leadership

Former Tampa Mayor Pam Iorio has a book coming out soon on leadership:
Straightforward, Ways to Live and Lead.

* * *

Obama campaign hire

Former Florida Democratic Party communications director Eric Jotkoff has been
hired to be Florida press secretary for Barack Obama's campaign, Organizing for
America.

Before joining the Florida Democratic Party, Jotkoff worked as a member of
Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign staff, for the U.S. House of
Representatives, on Sen. John Kerry's 2004 presidential campaign, and in senior
positions on congressional and gubernatorial campaigns, including Rod Smith's.

* * *

Winner of the week

Seminole Hard Rock Hotel & Casino. A ton of political operatives and political
reporters will descend on the state fairgrounds in Tampa on Monday for the
CNN-Tea Party Express Republican presidential debate. And afterward? The casino
is a stone's throw away. This debate may generate some creative expense
accounts.

* * *

Losers of the week

U.S. Reps. Corrine Brown, D-Jacksonville, and Mario Diaz-Balart, R-Miami. The
two members of Congress are trying to kill the redistricting reform measures
overwhelmingly passed by Floridians last year, but their legal challenge was
dismissed by a federal judge last week.

- blogs.tampabay.com/buzz

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (2)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2011 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              416 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                           January 24, 2008 Thursday

Sundance breakthrough for Ross residents

BYLINE: Paul Liberatore

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 998 words


Marin's Scott Hanson and John Allen have two movies premiering this week at the
Sundance Film Festival in freezing, frenzied Park City, Utah.

They're a long way from the sunny playing fields of Ross, where they first
kicked around the idea of producing movies together while watching their kids'
soccer games.

That was three years and four films ago. The two Hanson-Allen films at Sundance,
"Diminished Capacity," starring Matthew Broderick, Virginia Madsen and Alan
Alda, and "Birds of America," a comedy-drama with Hilary Swank and Matthew Perry
in starring roles, were selected over more than 3,600 other movies.

"This is the hardest festival in the world to get accepted into," Hanson said,
breaking away from a meeting with potential distributors and buyers to chat on
his cell phone for a few minutes.

"That Sundance logo on our DVD box will be there forever, which is a plus in
terms of DVD sales," he told me. "So, to a certain degree, the fact that we were
accepted into Sundance means we won before we even got here."

A well known art dealer, Hanson is the founder of Hanson Galleries in Sausalito
and Carmel. Allen, a banker, is chairman of the board of trustees of Dominican
University in San Rafael. Both are veteran businessmen, but rookies at Sundance
as film producers.

So they were understandably thrilled when a sell-out crowd showed up for the
premiere of "Diminished Capacity" on Monday night in the town's largest theater,
1,300-seat Eccles Hall.

"It's a madhouse during these two weeks, but the screening went really well,"
Hanson reported. "It was completely sold out. They were selling tickets on eBay
for $300. We were pretty excited about the turnout. And the audience response
was everything we had hoped for - extremely enthusiastic."

After talking to Scott, I was sorry to read Kirk Honeycutt's
less-than-enthusiastic review in the Hollywood Reporter. "Diminished Capacity,"
he wrote, "has a solid premise and two intriguing characters, but only the
lamest story to tell. Consequently, the film plays like diminished comedy."

Maybe "Birds of America," set to premiere later this week, will fare better with
critics.

In any case, the way I understand Hanson-Allen's "risk averse" business model,
they have pretty much inoculated themselves against critics by backing small to
medium budget independent films with bankable actors starring in them. The big
names pretty much guarantee foreign sales that can recoup their investment
before a single review comes out or ticket gets sold.

"John Allen is a banker, a conservative guy, and his model is to protect the
downside, to go out and get estimates for foreign distribution before we green
light a project," Hanson said. "Foreign sales make up the majority of the market
now. So, when you try to package a film for the foreign market, you need name
actors who are recognizable. We're not rolling the dice."

And when your strategy is to work with big stars, you get to hang out with
A-list celebrities, and there are plenty of them in overcrowded little Park City
this week.

"Sex and the City's" Sarah Jessica Parker came to a Hanson-Allen Films dinner
party with Broderick, her husband, the star of "Diminished Capacity." Paris
Hilton was on hand for a film aptly called "The Hottie and the Nottie." Adrian
"Entourage" Grenier played drums with his band, the Honey Brothers. Paul
Giamatti, starring in a Sundance entry called "Pretty Bird," said he didn't know
what he was there for.

"There are a lot of celebrities coming and going," Hanson observed. "They say
there are 10,000 more people here than the town has capacity for. There are
lines around the block to get into films. If you don't have reservations or a
private party to go to, you can't get in anywhere to eat. People would love to
get into some of the after parties, but they're very selective. The paparazzi is
outside. It's a strange scene."

While celebrity status can get you into an exclusive party or a seat in an
overbooked restaurant, Hanson would much rather be an unrecognizable aspiring
movie mogul from Marin County.

"It's exciting being a celebrity, but, at the same time, I don't think any of us
would want to be in their shoes," he said. "It's tough for those guys to walk
down the street. It's an awkward thing when a lot of people come up to you and
want autographs and photos. It's not easy for those guys."

No, but it's easier for them to get movies made than it would be if they weren't
famous. The company's first film, "Graduation," didn't have enough star power,
didn't do well in the foreign market and will go straight to DVD this spring.

But both of the Hanson-Allen films at Sundance, as well as a third movie,
"Tenderness," starring Russell Crowe, which opens in theaters later this year,
are what Hanson calls movie star "passion projects." These are films in which
the lead actors have a personal interest and are therefore willing to star in
for a percentage of advance sales.

"We get to work with actors for far less than that they would charge the
studios, while they get the opportunity to participate in the financial upside
and get a film made that's important to them," Hanson explained. "Now that we've
had successful films with known actors, we see a lot of scripts that actors
would like to see get made independently, without the studio overhead."

Hanson and Allen have one complaint, if you can call it that, about their first
experience at Sundance. They've been too busy in meetings with buyers and
distributors to do much of anything else.

"It's very exciting for us and we're enjoying every minute of it, but the only
thing we're missing is seeing a lot of other films," Hanson said. "A couple of
years ago, we were out there banging on doors, looking for projects with strong
enough scripts to attract A-list talent. Now, because we've successfully been
able to complete several of these films, we're getting a lot of attention and a
lot of things coming our way."

Paul Liberatore can be reached at liberatore@marinij.com .

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: John Allen (left) and Scott Hanson spent the past week at the Sundance
Film Festival. They run Hanson-Allen Films, which premiered Diminished Capacity
and Birds of America at the international festival in Park City, Utah.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2008 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                              417 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                              June 15, 2009 Monday

Md. State Bar Association Annual Meeting: Bridging the worlds of elder law,
litigation

BYLINE: Danny Jacobs

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 537  words


All lawyers must look after their clients' best interests, but the consensus
among elder law attorneys here was that they must take the extra step.

"In this area, you have to have love for the client. You have to have empathy,"
said Robert D. Ahlstrom, a Columbia solo practitioner. "There is dignity to the
end of life. "

Ahlstrom is a litigator who primarily represents elderly clients, the perfect
bridge for "Elder Law Attorneys Are From Mars/Litigators Are From Venus: The
Elder Law That Litigators Will Be Glad They Know" on Friday morning during the
Maryland State Bar Association's Annual Meeting.

Much of Ahlstrom's presentation during the session, sponsored by the Elder Law
Section, focused on handling liens filed by a state agency claiming a share of a
jury award or settlement made to someone receiving assistance from that agency,
such as a Medicare recipient.

In a case now on appeal, the U.S. District Court in Pennsylvania disallowed a
state program's claim against a beneficiary's settlement, because the state had
not participated in the settlement negotiations. Ahlstrom expects the case to
reach the U.S. Supreme Court.

"The state can't have a free ride on what the recipient is doing," said
Ahlstrom, of counsel to Frank, Frank & Scherr LLC in Lutherville. "You don't
have an obligation to do their case. "

If a person receiving government assistance wins an award or settlement, that
money should go directly into a trust account so the person can continue
receiving those benefits, said Ann Karwacki Goodman, whose focus is estate
planning and tax law. Such trust accounts are examined when opened and reviewed
annually by the state's Department of Health and Mental Hygiene, said Goodman,
associate counsel with Miles & Stockbridge P.C. in Easton.

"The intent of the trusts is to supplement the benefits, not supplant them," she
said.

Charles Sabatino, director of the American Bar Association's Commission on Law &
Aging, closed the session with a discussion on diminished capacity based on a
video depicting an elderly client and her lawyer talking about a possible
settlement in a trust fund embezzlement case.

Lawyers debated whether the client had a mental impairment, which was exactly
Sabatino's point. Revisions in the state's Rules of Professional Conduct give
individual lawyers the power to judge how diminished a capacity their client
has, Sabatino noted.

"If you decide you need to get an outside opinion, you've already made a
preliminary assessment," he said.

Lawyers are also allowed to take action "impliedly necessary" if they determine
diminished capacity, such as disclosing client information, he said. But
Sabatino offered a word of caution about that path.

"It puts tremendous potential paternalistic power in your hands," he said. "You
have to restrain yourself. "

The rules also offer a variety of alternatives before appointing a guardian,
including family consultations and considering a client's values and wishes, he
said.

Ultimately, whatever decision the lawyer makes should be based on multiple
interviews with a client to obtain as much information as possible, Sabatino
said.

"You need a system for collecting your information for how to decide whatever
you want to do," he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              418 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          September 18, 2013 Wednesday
                                Regional Edition

Leftward, ho!

BYLINE: Harold Meyerson

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A25

LENGTH: 817 words


Leftward, ho! Voters fed up with Wall Street are pulling Democrats in a new
direction.

The Democratic Party's romance with Wall Street may finally be breaking up. In
the past 10 days, a diverse group of Democratic senators scuttled Larry
Summers's candidacy for Federal Reserve chair and New York Democrats voted for
the mayoral candidate   whose campaign was an attack on Michael Bloomberg's care
and feeding of the super-rich at the expense of the rest of the city. Former
commerce secretary (and JP Morgan Chase executive) William Daley's surprise
withdrawal from the Illinois Democratic gubernatorial primary is one more
indication of Wall Street's diminished sway.

Democrats have reached a watershed. After two decades in which the party has
moved leftward on social issues but has largely accepted the financial sector's
economic preferences - for smaller government; a greater role for markets; and
reduced regulation, particularly of finance - the abject failures of the market
economy are pushing the party leftward. The revolt against Summers was less
about his positions on today's economic issues than his adamant
opposition to regulating derivatives               during his tenure as Bill
Clinton's Treasury secretary, when he invoked as an argument against such
oversight the dismay of the big banks at the one set of regulations that might
have staved off, or at least diminished, the Great Recession of the past five
years.

In a broader sense, Democrats' turn against Summers signals both a weariness and
a repudiation of Rubinomics and its apostles. Ever since he became the head of
Clinton's economic council, and then Treasury secretary, former Goldman Sachs
co-chairman Robert Rubin has been the party establishment's foremost economic
guru, and his proteges - including Summers, former Treasury secretary Tim
Geithner and White House economic counselor Gene Sperling - have dominated
policymaking. During their reign, they successfully campaigned for the repeal of
the Glass-Steagall Act (which had separated commercial from investment banking),
the decision not to regulate derivatives, the trade deals with China and Mexico
that decimated U.S. manufacturing and a post-2008 bailout that pumped more than
a trillion dollars into the banks but never compelled - or even persuaded - the
banks to use those public funds to help small businesses or homeowners facing
foreclosure. They blocked efforts to create a safer, more consumer-friendly
economy by women more prescient but less powerful than they -
Brooksley Born              , who headed the Commodity Futures Trading
Commission under Clinton and sought to regulate derivatives, and Elizabeth
Warren, who conceived the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau but was precluded
from heading it.

Today, it's Warren, now the senior senator from Massachusetts and the party's
leading critic of Wall Street, who is riding high. So is Bill de Blasio, the
presumptive favorite to succeed Bloomberg as mayor of New York. In his primary
campaign, de Blasio excoriated Bloomberg for helping transform what had once
been a metropolis of thriving small businesses and free higher education into a
city where the gap between the rich and everyone else has reached levels seen
only in the least-developed nations. The New York Times' precinct breakdown of
last week's Democratic primary shows that de Blasio ran first or second in every
one of New York's hundreds of neighborhoods, save only the Upper East Side
between Fifth and Park Avenues and 59th and 90th Streets - where New York City's
wealthiest live.

These events portend a growing conflict between those Democrats who have hitched
their wagons to Wall Street - among them soon-to-be New Jersey senator Cory
Booker and Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel (about whom the ominously titled biography
"Mayor 1 Percent" is forthcoming) - and those, like Warren and her Senate
colleagues Sherrod Brown (Ohio) and Jeff Merkley (Ore.), who believe
government's role is in advancing the interests of the middle class and
protecting it from finance.

As Peter Beinart demonstrated in a brilliant essay last week, what Warren & Co.
have going for them is millennials' pervasive disenchantment with the market
economics that have plunged them into a nightmare of unemployment and
undercompensation. Millennials have suffered mightily from the withdrawal of
government support for higher education, from the offshoring of jobs and
government's failure to directly create the jobs that might take their place.
Polling shows that they're the one generation that overwhelmingly supports
Obamacare and a bigger government that provides more services. They clearly have
no use for Rubinomics - something that Hillary Clinton would do well to realize
should she seek to become the 2016 standard-bearer of what is fast becoming a
more progressive Democratic Party.

meyersonh@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2013 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              419 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Express

                            April 28, 2011 Thursday
                                Scottish Edition

MUM'S 16 YEARS FOR 'GHASTLY' KILLINGS

BYLINE: By Stephen Wilkie

SECTION: NEWS; 01

LENGTH: 696  words


Child slayer Riggi on prison suicide watch

THE father of three young children stabbed to death by their mother during a
bitter custody battle spoke yesterday of his anguish at failing to protect them.

Pasquale Riggi said he was "pained to the core" after his estranged wife Theresa
was jailed for a minimum of 16 years for killing eight-year-old twins Austin and
Luke and their sister Cecilia, five.

Defence lawyer Donald Findlay last night said Riggi had been assaulted several
times while in custody and was likely to remain a suicide risk. Mr Riggi said
the "horrific manner" in which his children died would leave an "indelible mark"
on his life.

Theresa Riggi, 47, was initially charged with murder but last month she pleaded
guilty to culpable homicide on the grounds of diminished responsibility.

The bloodstained bodies of the children were discovered last August at the
family's rented flat in an Edinburgh townhouse following a suspected gas
explosion.

They had been stabbed eight times each and were found lying side by side in a
bedroom.

US-born Mrs Riggi, a violinist who taught music, was badly injured after falling
head first from a second floor balcony in a suicide bid.

She was in the middle of a custody dispute following the breakdown of her
marriage to Mr Riggi, 46.

Psychiatrists found she was paranoid and suffering from narcissistic personality
disorder.

But passing sentence at the High Court in Glasgow the judge, Lord Bracadale,
described her crime as "ghastly and grotesque" and told her: "You are not
mentally ill."

He added: "You, and others, must understand that, while your responsibility is
diminished, you are still responsible for your actions.

"The number and nature of the stab wounds to each child is indicative of a truly
disturbing degree of violence which, in order to bring about the deaths of three
children, must have been sustained over a significant period of time.

"It is difficult to envisage the physical commission of such acts.

"It is clear that any degree of responsibility for such ghastly and grotesque
acts must be visited with a lengthy sentence of imprisonment."

Riggi married Pasquale, an oil company executive in her home town of
Bakersfield, California, in 1989. But the couple had separated by the time they
moved to Scotland in February 2007.

Mr Riggi stayed in a flat in Aberdeen city centre while the rest of the family
lived in the nearby village of Skene before moving to Edinburgh.

Mrs Riggi killed the youngsters after a divorce judge told social workers to
track them down and take them into care if necessary.

Defence QC Donald Findlay told the court that Riggi was "wholly devoted" to her
children and feared they would be taken away from her.

He said: "However irrational and however insane, that was the world as Theresa
Riggi saw it."

The divorce judge's order was not faxed for 24 hours and was received just
minutes before reports of the gas blast sent emergency services to the flat.

Despite the delay, City of Edinburgh Council insisted its staff had not failed
the family and said nothing could have stopped Theresa Riggi's murder-suicide
plan.

In a statement read outside the court after sentencing, Mr Riggi said: "The
horrific manner in which my children died will leave an indelible mark on the
rest of my life. As a father, my natural instincts were geared toward
safeguarding my children from the dangers of this world.

"It pains me to the core that I was unable to protect them from the selfish,
brutal and murderous acts that ended their lives so unfairly on August 4, 2010.
There is no justification for this heinous crime. Nor is there any sentence that
can provide justice for the overwhelming loss of three lives and the subsequent
painful grief and devastation caused to surviving family and friends alike."

He added that he would never forget the children, who left "lasting impressions"
on him.

"I think about them at least 100 times each day, " he said. "They are in my
thoughts when I wake in the morning and before I go to sleep at night."

Lord Bracadale ordered that Mrs Riggi, who will serve her sentence at Cornton
Vale Prison near Stirling, should be deported to the United States when she is
paroled.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Theresa Riggi, 47, 'is not mentally ill' Eight-year-old twins Luke,
left, and Austin were stabbed to death by their mother
Killer Theresa Riggi arrives at court in a prison vehicle yesterday
Stabbing victim Cecilia, five - and, right, her devastated father Pasquale
Riggi, 46

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS
                              All Rights Reserved


                              420 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                             August 28, 2011 Sunday

Hurricane Irene update: Sunday morning sees storm's fury move north;
Sunday morning saw a slightly diminished hurricane Irene continuing its move up
the East Coast with wind, rain, and coastal storm surges hitting New York and
New Jersey.

BYLINE: Brad Knickerbocker Staff writer

LENGTH: 356 words


Sunday morning saw a slightly diminished Irene - still a Category 1 hurricane -
continuing its predicted move up the East Coast of the United States with wind,
rain, and coastal storm surges hitting New York and New Jersey as predicted.

Irene made landfall Sunday along the New Jersey coast north of Atlantic City
near Little Egg Inlet, the first hurricane to make landfall in the state in more
than 100 years. According to the National Hurricane Center, Irene at 8 am was
tracking NNE at 25 miles per hour with sustained winds of 75 miles per hour
gusting to 115 mph.

While the warning level south of there (parts of Maryland and Virginia) had been
downgraded to a tropical storm, a hurricane warning remained in effect for an
area from Chincoteague, Va., to Sagamore Beach, Mass., including Delaware Bay,
New York City, Long Island, Long Island Sound, coastal Connecticut and Rhode
Island, Block Island, Martha's Vineyard, and Nantucket.

For the most part, people in Irene's path heeded the warnings of Homeland
Security Secretary Janet Napolitano, New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg, and other
officials and stayed hunkered down in their homes. Public transportation
systems, airlines, and Amtrak had ceased operations in most places as well.

New York City anticipated the greatest possibility of storm surges and flooding
Sunday morning at high tide. Tornado warnings were in effect for parts of the
region as well, and one twister reportedly touched down near Chatsworth, New
Jersey.

So far, Irene has knocked out electrical power for about three million homes and
businesses in the storm's path, including more than one million in North
Carolina and Virginia and nearly a half million in New York and its suburbs.

ConEd has called in crews from as far away as Colorado to help repair damage
from the storm, reports the Associated Press.

Though its fury may have abated, Irene has not been without significant cost.

So far, ten people have been killed in storm-related incidents, and experts
expect financial losses to range into the billions of dollars.

Irene is expected to be the most powerful storm to hit New York since Gloria in
1985.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              421 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                 The Dominion Post (Morgantown, West Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 13, 2016 Tuesday

Knotts trial pushed to March

BYLINE: Kathy Plum, The Dominion Post, Morgantown, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 267 words


Dec. 13--KINGWOOD -- Nicole Knotts will have been in jail three years by the
time her case comes to trial.

On Monday, Knotts, 26, and attorneys for both sides agreed to push her murder
trial back again, this time from Jan. 31 to March 28.

She was jailed March 14, 2014, on charges of killing her husband, Matthew
Knotts, and hiding his body under clothes in the bathroom of a home they shared
with their children. No bond is set in murder trials.

Preston Circuit Judge Lawrance Miller Jr. granted the motion for the latest
continuance after special prosecutor Brandon Flower said reports by a defense
witness will not be made available to the prosecution until close to the trial
date.

Flower said the witness will figure prominently in Knotts' defense of post
traumatic stress disorder based on battered woman syndrome, and the state needs
time to have its own expert examine the report and interview Knotts, based on
what the defense report says.

Flower said the report will also address a possible diminished capacity defense.
Miller granted Flower's motion to have Knotts evaluated for diminished capacity.

Defense attorney Natalie Sal said part of the delay was caused by an earlier
delay in getting electronic media to a defense expert for his examination.

Miller said he thought it all could have been done more quickly.

As he has at each past delay, the judge asked Knotts if she objected to the
delay in trial, and again she said she did not.

___ (c)2016 The Dominion Post (Morgantown, W.Va.) Visit The Dominion Post
(Morgantown, W.Va.) at www.dominionpost.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161213-MV-Knotts-trial-pushed-to-March-1213-20161213

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MV


                        Copyright 2016 The Dominion Post


                              422 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                              July 10, 2016 Sunday

After 'change,' more of same

BYLINE: Joel Kotkin

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 1065 words


Barack Obama came to office with a promise of "fundamentally transforming the
United States." Through what one admirer calls "a profound course correction
engineered by relentless government activism," Obama has, indeed, transformed
the country and shifted it to what now passes for the left agenda on America's
role in the world, the environment, gender issues, labor rights and untrammeled
executive power over both Congress and local governments.

As he leaves office, Obama is already being consecrated as a great president,
whose direction will naturally be followed by his successor. Given his greater
popularity - his rankings have been rising for months - the far less popular
Hillary Clinton's pitch will be to portray herself as something like
"Obama-plus." The transformation is about to hit its peak.

This progressive triumph is occurring despite mediocre economic growth, rising
inequality and diminished global status. But it's a record that can't be
successfully challenged by a Republican Party that has seen fit to nominate a
noxious lunatic. With Donald Trump at the top of the ticket, the
stupid-turned-imbecilic party could also lose the Senate, and thus the Supreme
Court, losing the last restraints on the Full Monty of the progressive agenda.

Trump's ugly presence is sure to swell the Democratic base - minorities,
millennials, unmarried women, highly educated professionals - even as the
unstable billionaire captures a larger share of older, working-class, white
voters. Hillary, as American Prospect magazine has argued, inherits a party
dedicated to micro- targeting its voter base rather than seeking to reach out to
a perceived dying, white suburban and small-town Middle America. Harold
Meyerson, the incisive editor of the Prospect, calls this "the first
post-middle-class election."

The real winners

A diminished white middle class is OK for a Democratic Party made up of
college-for-free "Bernie Bros," urban hipsters, greens, racial minorities,
feminists, public employees and gay activists. These groups won't really
challenge the real winners of the Obama years - the Wall Street and Silicon
Valley oligarchs, who are willing to genuflect to the green and social agenda of
the party, but can be even more sure, under the many-times-purchased Hillary
that their path to unreasonable, even dangerous, wealth and power will continue
unimpeded.

Get ready for ever more intrusions by a re-energized crew of racial and gender
activists. Obama sometimes had the influence to constrain the worst PC abuses,
but Hillary, already distrusted by much of the party's expanding left base, will
be forced to kowtow to their wishes. The campus lunacy of "safe spaces" and
"microaggressions" will now be expanded to the town square. For two years,
political correctness will reach its apogee, uncontested in the courts, embraced
by the bureaucracy and most of the media.

These issues could well have been addressed and debated this year, if the
Republicans had nominated a normal humanoid. Trump removes 2016 for would-be
rebels and makes 2018 the next year of decision. As we know from the 2010 and
2014 elections, there is still a strong center-right element in America, perhaps
even a majority. It is now hopelessly divided, but peak transformation could
patch the GOP Humpty Dumpty together again.

Key here are demographic and economic factors. The economy is already tepid, and
events in the rest of the world - China, the Middle East, Europe, South America
- do not inspire confidence. Hillary Clinton won't be able to stimulate the
economy by slowing the flow of regulations because she will be in thrall to the
coastal progressives. Her thumb will be heavy, in particular, on the country's
goods and energy-producing heartland.

Middle-class effects

The suburbs, too, can expect more assaults, which could prove politically
dangerous as well. The green and social justice warrior campaign to densify and
racially profile suburbs, as Thomas B. Edsall points out in a New York Times
column, has already cost the Democrats in suburban New York. An attempt to
"fundamentally transform" the already diversifying suburbs will put the party at
odds with places where 80 percent or more of metropolitan America now lives.
Middle-class families may prove not quite as pliable as college students, cowed
by teachers and animated by theory, or mounting national debt, which has soared
under both Obama and his failed GOP predecessor, and the unwieldy Obamacare,
characterized by rising premiums and an increasingly weakened health care
industry, will start to bite by 2018.Even millennials, as they begin to enter en
masse their late 20s and early 30s, may finally start focusing on how to achieve
a middle-class standard of living, particularly for housing and caring for their
young families. Much of this will take place not in the largely childless core
city Democratic hotbeds but rather in faster-growing, sprawling Sun Belt cities
and suburbs, where the progressive echo chamber is less omnipresent and concerns
for raising children are greater.

Many of these millennials will work from home, and not be so interested in
having a government snooping around their workplace.

Others will chafe, as occurred with the boomers, against taxes and regulations
that now discourage entrepreneurial ventures.

Declining trust in government institutions, including among the young, may
eventually wean some from the party of an ever bigger, ever more centralized
state.

All the conditions for an even larger and more ethnically, as well as
geographically, diverse Brexit rebellion are in place. But for the
countertransformation to work, it takes more than just a match, but something
more resembling a brain.

Until that organ is somehow located, a big win in 2018 could falter into
irrelevance, as it did in 2010 and 2014. Still lacking is some coherent response
to the concerns that drive the Obama transformation. What is needed is a
pro-growth, rational program that does not pander to either social regressives
or the remnants of big-money Republicanism.

The pressing need for an alternative vision cannot be filled by mediocrities or
madmen, but rather by people possessing both purpose and sensibility.

Joel Kotkin is the R.C. Hobbs Presidential Fellow in Urban Futures at Chapman
University in Orange and executive director of the Center for Opportunity
Urbanism (www.opportunityurbanism.org).

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              423 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                              July 10, 2016 Sunday

After 'change,' more of same

BYLINE: Joel Kotkin

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 1065 words


Barack Obama came to office with a promise of "fundamentally transforming the
United States." Through what one admirer calls "a profound course correction
engineered by relentless government activism," Obama has, indeed, transformed
the country and shifted it to what now passes for the left agenda on America's
role in the world, the environment, gender issues, labor rights and untrammeled
executive power over both Congress and local governments.

As he leaves office, Obama is already being consecrated as a great president,
whose direction will naturally be followed by his successor. Given his greater
popularity - his rankings have been rising for months - the far less popular
Hillary Clinton's pitch will be to portray herself as something like
"Obama-plus." The transformation is about to hit its peak.

This progressive triumph is occurring despite mediocre economic growth, rising
inequality and diminished global status. But it's a record that can't be
successfully challenged by a Republican Party that has seen fit to nominate a
noxious lunatic. With Donald Trump at the top of the ticket, the
stupid-turned-imbecilic party could also lose the Senate, and thus the Supreme
Court, losing the last restraints on the Full Monty of the progressive agenda.

Trump's ugly presence is sure to swell the Democratic base - minorities,
millennials, unmarried women, highly educated professionals - even as the
unstable billionaire captures a larger share of older, working-class, white
voters. Hillary, as American Prospect magazine has argued, inherits a party
dedicated to micro- targeting its voter base rather than seeking to reach out to
a perceived dying, white suburban and small-town Middle America. Harold
Meyerson, the incisive editor of the Prospect, calls this "the first
post-middle-class election."

The real winners

A diminished white middle class is OK for a Democratic Party made up of
college-for-free "Bernie Bros," urban hipsters, greens, racial minorities,
feminists, public employees and gay activists. These groups won't really
challenge the real winners of the Obama years - the Wall Street and Silicon
Valley oligarchs, who are willing to genuflect to the green and social agenda of
the party, but can be even more sure, under the many-times-purchased Hillary
that their path to unreasonable, even dangerous, wealth and power will continue
unimpeded.

Get ready for ever more intrusions by a re-energized crew of racial and gender
activists. Obama sometimes had the influence to constrain the worst PC abuses,
but Hillary, already distrusted by much of the party's expanding left base, will
be forced to kowtow to their wishes. The campus lunacy of "safe spaces" and
"microaggressions" will now be expanded to the town square. For two years,
political correctness will reach its apogee, uncontested in the courts, embraced
by the bureaucracy and most of the media.

These issues could well have been addressed and debated this year, if the
Republicans had nominated a normal humanoid. Trump removes 2016 for would-be
rebels and makes 2018 the next year of decision. As we know from the 2010 and
2014 elections, there is still a strong center-right element in America, perhaps
even a majority. It is now hopelessly divided, but peak transformation could
patch the GOP Humpty Dumpty together again.

Key here are demographic and economic factors. The economy is already tepid, and
events in the rest of the world - China, the Middle East, Europe, South America
- do not inspire confidence. Hillary Clinton won't be able to stimulate the
economy by slowing the flow of regulations because she will be in thrall to the
coastal progressives. Her thumb will be heavy, in particular, on the country's
goods and energy-producing heartland.

Middle-class effects

The suburbs, too, can expect more assaults, which could prove politically
dangerous as well. The green and social justice warrior campaign to densify and
racially profile suburbs, as Thomas B. Edsall points out in a New York Times
column, has already cost the Democrats in suburban New York. An attempt to
"fundamentally transform" the already diversifying suburbs will put the party at
odds with places where 80 percent or more of metropolitan America now lives.
Middle-class families may prove not quite as pliable as college students, cowed
by teachers and animated by theory, or mounting national debt, which has soared
under both Obama and his failed GOP predecessor, and the unwieldy Obamacare,
characterized by rising premiums and an increasingly weakened health care
industry, will start to bite by 2018.Even millennials, as they begin to enter en
masse their late 20s and early 30s, may finally start focusing on how to achieve
a middle-class standard of living, particularly for housing and caring for their
young families. Much of this will take place not in the largely childless core
city Democratic hotbeds but rather in faster-growing, sprawling Sun Belt cities
and suburbs, where the progressive echo chamber is less omnipresent and concerns
for raising children are greater.

Many of these millennials will work from home, and not be so interested in
having a government snooping around their workplace.

Others will chafe, as occurred with the boomers, against taxes and regulations
that now discourage entrepreneurial ventures.

Declining trust in government institutions, including among the young, may
eventually wean some from the party of an ever bigger, ever more centralized
state.

All the conditions for an even larger and more ethnically, as well as
geographically, diverse Brexit rebellion are in place. But for the
countertransformation to work, it takes more than just a match, but something
more resembling a brain.

Until that organ is somehow located, a big win in 2018 could falter into
irrelevance, as it did in 2010 and 2014. Still lacking is some coherent response
to the concerns that drive the Obama transformation. What is needed is a
pro-growth, rational program that does not pander to either social regressives
or the remnants of big-money Republicanism.

The pressing need for an alternative vision cannot be filled by mediocrities or
madmen, but rather by people possessing both purpose and sensibility.

Joel Kotkin is the R.C. Hobbs Presidential Fellow in Urban Futures at Chapman
University in Orange and executive director of the Center for Opportunity
Urbanism (www.opportunityurbanism.org).

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              424 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                              July 10, 2016 Sunday

After 'change,' more of same

BYLINE: Joel Kotkin

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 1065 words


Barack Obama came to office with a promise of "fundamentally transforming the
United States." Through what one admirer calls "a profound course correction
engineered by relentless government activism," Obama has, indeed, transformed
the country and shifted it to what now passes for the left agenda on America's
role in the world, the environment, gender issues, labor rights and untrammeled
executive power over both Congress and local governments.

As he leaves office, Obama is already being consecrated as a great president,
whose direction will naturally be followed by his successor. Given his greater
popularity - his rankings have been rising for months - the far less popular
Hillary Clinton's pitch will be to portray herself as something like
"Obama-plus." The transformation is about to hit its peak.

This progressive triumph is occurring despite mediocre economic growth, rising
inequality and diminished global status. But it's a record that can't be
successfully challenged by a Republican Party that has seen fit to nominate a
noxious lunatic. With Donald Trump at the top of the ticket, the
stupid-turned-imbecilic party could also lose the Senate, and thus the Supreme
Court, losing the last restraints on the Full Monty of the progressive agenda.

Trump's ugly presence is sure to swell the Democratic base - minorities,
millennials, unmarried women, highly educated professionals - even as the
unstable billionaire captures a larger share of older, working-class, white
voters. Hillary, as American Prospect magazine has argued, inherits a party
dedicated to micro- targeting its voter base rather than seeking to reach out to
a perceived dying, white suburban and small-town Middle America. Harold
Meyerson, the incisive editor of the Prospect, calls this "the first
post-middle-class election."

The real winners

A diminished white middle class is OK for a Democratic Party made up of
college-for-free "Bernie Bros," urban hipsters, greens, racial minorities,
feminists, public employees and gay activists. These groups won't really
challenge the real winners of the Obama years - the Wall Street and Silicon
Valley oligarchs, who are willing to genuflect to the green and social agenda of
the party, but can be even more sure, under the many-times-purchased Hillary
that their path to unreasonable, even dangerous, wealth and power will continue
unimpeded.

Get ready for ever more intrusions by a re-energized crew of racial and gender
activists. Obama sometimes had the influence to constrain the worst PC abuses,
but Hillary, already distrusted by much of the party's expanding left base, will
be forced to kowtow to their wishes. The campus lunacy of "safe spaces" and
"microaggressions" will now be expanded to the town square. For two years,
political correctness will reach its apogee, uncontested in the courts, embraced
by the bureaucracy and most of the media.

These issues could well have been addressed and debated this year, if the
Republicans had nominated a normal humanoid. Trump removes 2016 for would-be
rebels and makes 2018 the next year of decision. As we know from the 2010 and
2014 elections, there is still a strong center-right element in America, perhaps
even a majority. It is now hopelessly divided, but peak transformation could
patch the GOP Humpty Dumpty together again.

Key here are demographic and economic factors. The economy is already tepid, and
events in the rest of the world - China, the Middle East, Europe, South America
- do not inspire confidence. Hillary Clinton won't be able to stimulate the
economy by slowing the flow of regulations because she will be in thrall to the
coastal progressives. Her thumb will be heavy, in particular, on the country's
goods and energy-producing heartland.

Middle-class effects

The suburbs, too, can expect more assaults, which could prove politically
dangerous as well. The green and social justice warrior campaign to densify and
racially profile suburbs, as Thomas B. Edsall points out in a New York Times
column, has already cost the Democrats in suburban New York. An attempt to
"fundamentally transform" the already diversifying suburbs will put the party at
odds with places where 80 percent or more of metropolitan America now lives.
Middle-class families may prove not quite as pliable as college students, cowed
by teachers and animated by theory, or mounting national debt, which has soared
under both Obama and his failed GOP predecessor, and the unwieldy Obamacare,
characterized by rising premiums and an increasingly weakened health care
industry, will start to bite by 2018.Even millennials, as they begin to enter en
masse their late 20s and early 30s, may finally start focusing on how to achieve
a middle-class standard of living, particularly for housing and caring for their
young families. Much of this will take place not in the largely childless core
city Democratic hotbeds but rather in faster-growing, sprawling Sun Belt cities
and suburbs, where the progressive echo chamber is less omnipresent and concerns
for raising children are greater.

Many of these millennials will work from home, and not be so interested in
having a government snooping around their workplace.

Others will chafe, as occurred with the boomers, against taxes and regulations
that now discourage entrepreneurial ventures.

Declining trust in government institutions, including among the young, may
eventually wean some from the party of an ever bigger, ever more centralized
state.

All the conditions for an even larger and more ethnically, as well as
geographically, diverse Brexit rebellion are in place. But for the
countertransformation to work, it takes more than just a match, but something
more resembling a brain.

Until that organ is somehow located, a big win in 2018 could falter into
irrelevance, as it did in 2010 and 2014. Still lacking is some coherent response
to the concerns that drive the Obama transformation. What is needed is a
pro-growth, rational program that does not pander to either social regressives
or the remnants of big-money Republicanism.

The pressing need for an alternative vision cannot be filled by mediocrities or
madmen, but rather by people possessing both purpose and sensibility.

Joel Kotkin is the R.C. Hobbs Presidential Fellow in Urban Futures at Chapman
University in Orange and executive director of the Center for Opportunity
Urbanism (www.opportunityurbanism.org).

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              425 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                              July 10, 2016 Sunday

After 'change,' more of same

BYLINE: Joel Kotkin

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 1065 words


Barack Obama came to office with a promise of "fundamentally transforming the
United States." Through what one admirer calls "a profound course correction
engineered by relentless government activism," Obama has, indeed, transformed
the country and shifted it to what now passes for the left agenda on America's
role in the world, the environment, gender issues, labor rights and untrammeled
executive power over both Congress and local governments.

As he leaves office, Obama is already being consecrated as a great president,
whose direction will naturally be followed by his successor. Given his greater
popularity - his rankings have been rising for months - the far less popular
Hillary Clinton's pitch will be to portray herself as something like
"Obama-plus." The transformation is about to hit its peak.

This progressive triumph is occurring despite mediocre economic growth, rising
inequality and diminished global status. But it's a record that can't be
successfully challenged by a Republican Party that has seen fit to nominate a
noxious lunatic. With Donald Trump at the top of the ticket, the
stupid-turned-imbecilic party could also lose the Senate, and thus the Supreme
Court, losing the last restraints on the Full Monty of the progressive agenda.

Trump's ugly presence is sure to swell the Democratic base - minorities,
millennials, unmarried women, highly educated professionals - even as the
unstable billionaire captures a larger share of older, working-class, white
voters. Hillary, as American Prospect magazine has argued, inherits a party
dedicated to micro- targeting its voter base rather than seeking to reach out to
a perceived dying, white suburban and small-town Middle America. Harold
Meyerson, the incisive editor of the Prospect, calls this "the first
post-middle-class election."

The real winners

A diminished white middle class is OK for a Democratic Party made up of
college-for-free "Bernie Bros," urban hipsters, greens, racial minorities,
feminists, public employees and gay activists. These groups won't really
challenge the real winners of the Obama years - the Wall Street and Silicon
Valley oligarchs, who are willing to genuflect to the green and social agenda of
the party, but can be even more sure, under the many-times-purchased Hillary
that their path to unreasonable, even dangerous, wealth and power will continue
unimpeded.

Get ready for ever more intrusions by a re-energized crew of racial and gender
activists. Obama sometimes had the influence to constrain the worst PC abuses,
but Hillary, already distrusted by much of the party's expanding left base, will
be forced to kowtow to their wishes. The campus lunacy of "safe spaces" and
"microaggressions" will now be expanded to the town square. For two years,
political correctness will reach its apogee, uncontested in the courts, embraced
by the bureaucracy and most of the media.

These issues could well have been addressed and debated this year, if the
Republicans had nominated a normal humanoid. Trump removes 2016 for would-be
rebels and makes 2018 the next year of decision. As we know from the 2010 and
2014 elections, there is still a strong center-right element in America, perhaps
even a majority. It is now hopelessly divided, but peak transformation could
patch the GOP Humpty Dumpty together again.

Key here are demographic and economic factors. The economy is already tepid, and
events in the rest of the world - China, the Middle East, Europe, South America
- do not inspire confidence. Hillary Clinton won't be able to stimulate the
economy by slowing the flow of regulations because she will be in thrall to the
coastal progressives. Her thumb will be heavy, in particular, on the country's
goods and energy-producing heartland.

Middle-class effects

The suburbs, too, can expect more assaults, which could prove politically
dangerous as well. The green and social justice warrior campaign to densify and
racially profile suburbs, as Thomas B. Edsall points out in a New York Times
column, has already cost the Democrats in suburban New York. An attempt to
"fundamentally transform" the already diversifying suburbs will put the party at
odds with places where 80 percent or more of metropolitan America now lives.
Middle-class families may prove not quite as pliable as college students, cowed
by teachers and animated by theory, or mounting national debt, which has soared
under both Obama and his failed GOP predecessor, and the unwieldy Obamacare,
characterized by rising premiums and an increasingly weakened health care
industry, will start to bite by 2018.Even millennials, as they begin to enter en
masse their late 20s and early 30s, may finally start focusing on how to achieve
a middle-class standard of living, particularly for housing and caring for their
young families. Much of this will take place not in the largely childless core
city Democratic hotbeds but rather in faster-growing, sprawling Sun Belt cities
and suburbs, where the progressive echo chamber is less omnipresent and concerns
for raising children are greater.

Many of these millennials will work from home, and not be so interested in
having a government snooping around their workplace.

Others will chafe, as occurred with the boomers, against taxes and regulations
that now discourage entrepreneurial ventures.

Declining trust in government institutions, including among the young, may
eventually wean some from the party of an ever bigger, ever more centralized
state.

All the conditions for an even larger and more ethnically, as well as
geographically, diverse Brexit rebellion are in place. But for the
countertransformation to work, it takes more than just a match, but something
more resembling a brain.

Until that organ is somehow located, a big win in 2018 could falter into
irrelevance, as it did in 2010 and 2014. Still lacking is some coherent response
to the concerns that drive the Obama transformation. What is needed is a
pro-growth, rational program that does not pander to either social regressives
or the remnants of big-money Republicanism.

The pressing need for an alternative vision cannot be filled by mediocrities or
madmen, but rather by people possessing both purpose and sensibility.

Joel Kotkin is the R.C. Hobbs Presidential Fellow in Urban Futures at Chapman
University in Orange and executive director of the Center for Opportunity
Urbanism (www.opportunityurbanism.org).

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              426 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Torrance Daily Breeze (California)

                              July 10, 2016 Sunday

After 'change,' more of same

BYLINE: Joel Kotkin

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 1065 words


Barack Obama came to office with a promise of "fundamentally transforming the
United States." Through what one admirer calls "a profound course correction
engineered by relentless government activism," Obama has, indeed, transformed
the country and shifted it to what now passes for the left agenda on America's
role in the world, the environment, gender issues, labor rights and untrammeled
executive power over both Congress and local governments.

As he leaves office, Obama is already being consecrated as a great president,
whose direction will naturally be followed by his successor. Given his greater
popularity - his rankings have been rising for months - the far less popular
Hillary Clinton's pitch will be to portray herself as something like
"Obama-plus." The transformation is about to hit its peak.

This progressive triumph is occurring despite mediocre economic growth, rising
inequality and diminished global status. But it's a record that can't be
successfully challenged by a Republican Party that has seen fit to nominate a
noxious lunatic. With Donald Trump at the top of the ticket, the
stupid-turned-imbecilic party could also lose the Senate, and thus the Supreme
Court, losing the last restraints on the Full Monty of the progressive agenda.

Trump's ugly presence is sure to swell the Democratic base - minorities,
millennials, unmarried women, highly educated professionals - even as the
unstable billionaire captures a larger share of older, working-class, white
voters. Hillary, as American Prospect magazine has argued, inherits a party
dedicated to micro- targeting its voter base rather than seeking to reach out to
a perceived dying, white suburban and small-town Middle America. Harold
Meyerson, the incisive editor of the Prospect, calls this "the first
post-middle-class election."

The real winners

A diminished white middle class is OK for a Democratic Party made up of
college-for-free "Bernie Bros," urban hipsters, greens, racial minorities,
feminists, public employees and gay activists. These groups won't really
challenge the real winners of the Obama years - the Wall Street and Silicon
Valley oligarchs, who are willing to genuflect to the green and social agenda of
the party, but can be even more sure, under the many-times-purchased Hillary
that their path to unreasonable, even dangerous, wealth and power will continue
unimpeded.

Get ready for ever more intrusions by a re-energized crew of racial and gender
activists. Obama sometimes had the influence to constrain the worst PC abuses,
but Hillary, already distrusted by much of the party's expanding left base, will
be forced to kowtow to their wishes. The campus lunacy of "safe spaces" and
"microaggressions" will now be expanded to the town square. For two years,
political correctness will reach its apogee, uncontested in the courts, embraced
by the bureaucracy and most of the media.

These issues could well have been addressed and debated this year, if the
Republicans had nominated a normal humanoid. Trump removes 2016 for would-be
rebels and makes 2018 the next year of decision. As we know from the 2010 and
2014 elections, there is still a strong center-right element in America, perhaps
even a majority. It is now hopelessly divided, but peak transformation could
patch the GOP Humpty Dumpty together again.

Key here are demographic and economic factors. The economy is already tepid, and
events in the rest of the world - China, the Middle East, Europe, South America
- do not inspire confidence. Hillary Clinton won't be able to stimulate the
economy by slowing the flow of regulations because she will be in thrall to the
coastal progressives. Her thumb will be heavy, in particular, on the country's
goods and energy-producing heartland.

Middle-class effects

The suburbs, too, can expect more assaults, which could prove politically
dangerous as well. The green and social justice warrior campaign to densify and
racially profile suburbs, as Thomas B. Edsall points out in a New York Times
column, has already cost the Democrats in suburban New York. An attempt to
"fundamentally transform" the already diversifying suburbs will put the party at
odds with places where 80 percent or more of metropolitan America now lives.
Middle-class families may prove not quite as pliable as college students, cowed
by teachers and animated by theory, or mounting national debt, which has soared
under both Obama and his failed GOP predecessor, and the unwieldy Obamacare,
characterized by rising premiums and an increasingly weakened health care
industry, will start to bite by 2018.Even millennials, as they begin to enter en
masse their late 20s and early 30s, may finally start focusing on how to achieve
a middle-class standard of living, particularly for housing and caring for their
young families. Much of this will take place not in the largely childless core
city Democratic hotbeds but rather in faster-growing, sprawling Sun Belt cities
and suburbs, where the progressive echo chamber is less omnipresent and concerns
for raising children are greater.

Many of these millennials will work from home, and not be so interested in
having a government snooping around their workplace.

Others will chafe, as occurred with the boomers, against taxes and regulations
that now discourage entrepreneurial ventures.

Declining trust in government institutions, including among the young, may
eventually wean some from the party of an ever bigger, ever more centralized
state.

All the conditions for an even larger and more ethnically, as well as
geographically, diverse Brexit rebellion are in place. But for the
countertransformation to work, it takes more than just a match, but something
more resembling a brain.

Until that organ is somehow located, a big win in 2018 could falter into
irrelevance, as it did in 2010 and 2014. Still lacking is some coherent response
to the concerns that drive the Obama transformation. What is needed is a
pro-growth, rational program that does not pander to either social regressives
or the remnants of big-money Republicanism.

The pressing need for an alternative vision cannot be filled by mediocrities or
madmen, but rather by people possessing both purpose and sensibility.

Joel Kotkin is the R.C. Hobbs Presidential Fellow in Urban Futures at Chapman
University in Orange and executive director of the Center for Opportunity
Urbanism (www.opportunityurbanism.org).

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              427 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Redlands Daily Facts (California)

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday

After Obama's 'change,' Clinton signals more of same

BYLINE: Joel Kotkin

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 1065 words


Barack Obama came to office with a promise of "fundamentally transforming the
United States." Through what one admirer calls "a profound course correction
engineered by relentless government activism," Obama has, indeed, transformed
the country and shifted it to what now passes for the left agenda on America's
role in the world, the environment, gender issues, labor rights and untrammeled
executive power over both Congress and local governments.

As he leaves office, Obama is already being consecrated as a great president,
whose direc- tion will naturally be followed by his successor. Given his greater
popularity - his rankings have been rising for months - the far less popular
Hillary Clinton's pitch will be to portray herself as something like
"Obama-plus." The transformation is about to hit its peak.

This progressive triumph is occurring despite mediocre economic growth, rising
inequality and diminished global status. But it's a record that can't be
successfully challenged by a Republican Party that has seen fit to nominate a
noxious lunatic. With Donald Trump at the top of the ticket, the
stupid-turned-imbecilic party could also lose the Senate, and thus the Supreme
Court, losing the last restraints on the Full Monty of the progressive agenda.

Trump's ugly presence is sure to swell the Democratic base - minorities,
millennials, unmarried women, highly educated professionals - even as the
unstable billionaire captures a larger share of older, working-class, white
voters. Hillary, as American Prospect magazine has argued, inherits a party
dedicated to micro- targeting its voter base rather than seeking to reach out to
a perceived dying, white suburban and small-town Middle America. Harold
Meyerson, the incisive editor of the Prospect, calls this "the first
post-middle-class election."

The real winners

A diminished white middle class is OK for a Democratic Party made up of
college-for-free "Bernie Bros," urban hipsters, greens, racial minorities,
feminists, public employees and gay activists. These groups won't really
challenge the real winners of the Obama years - the Wall Street and Silicon
Valley oligarchs, who are willing to genuflect to the green and social agenda of
the party, but can be even more sure, under the many-times-purchased Hillary
that their path to unreasonable, even dangerous, wealth and power will continue
unimpeded.

Get ready for ever more intrusions by a re-energized crew of racial and gender
activists. Obama sometimes had the influence to constrain the worst PC abuses,
but Hillary, already distrusted by much of the party's expanding left base, will
be forced to kowtow to their wishes.

The campus lunacy of "safe spaces" and "microaggressions" will now be expanded
to the town square. For two years, political correctness will reach its apogee,
uncontested in the courts, embraced by the bureaucracy and most of the media.

These issues could well have been addressed and debated this year, if the
Republicans had nominated a normal humanoid. Trump removes 2016 for would-be
rebels and makes 2018 the next year of decision. As we know from the 2010 and
2014 elections, there is still a strong center-right element in America, perhaps
even a majority. It is now hopelessly divided, but peak transformation could
patch the GOP Humpty Dumpty together again.

Key here are demographic and economic factors. The economy is already tepid, and
events in the rest of the world - China, the Middle East, Europe, South America
- do not inspire confidence. Hillary Clinton won't be able to stimulate the
economy by slowing the flow of regulations because she will be in thrall to the
coastal progressives. Her thumb will be heavy, in particular, on the country's
goods and energy-producing heartland.

Middle-class effects

The suburbs, too, can expect more assaults, which could prove politically
dangerous as well. The green and social justice warrior campaign to densify and
racially profile suburbs, as Thomas B. Edsall points out in a New York Times
column, has already cost the Democrats in suburban New York.

An attempt to "fundamentally transform" the already diversifying suburbs will
put the party at odds with places where 80 percent or more of metropolitan
America now lives. Middle-class families may prove not quite as pliable as
college students, cowed by teachers and animated by theory, or mounting national
debt, which has soared under both Obama and his failed GOP predecessor, and the
unwieldy Obamacare, characterized by rising premiums and an increasingly
weakened health care industry, will start to bite by 2018.

Even millennials, as they begin to enter en masse their late 20s and early 30s,
may finally start focusing on how to achieve a middle-class standard of living,
particularly for housing and caring for their young families. Much of this will
take place not in the largely childless core city Democratic hotbeds but rather
in faster-growing, sprawling Sun Belt cities and suburbs, where the progressive
echo chamber is less omnipresent and concerns for raising children are greater.

Many of these millennials will work from home, and not be so interested in
having a government snooping around their workplace.

Others will chafe, as occurred with the boomers, against taxes and regulations
that now discourage entrepreneurial ventures.

Declining trust in government institutions, including among the young, may
eventually wean some from the party of an ever bigger, ever more centralized
state.

All the conditions for an even larger and more ethnically, as well as
geographically, diverse Brexit rebellion are in place. But for the
countertransformation to work, it takes more than just a match, but something
more resembling a brain.

Until that organ is somehow located, a big win in 2018 could falter into
irrelevance, as it did in 2010 and 2014. Still lacking is some coherent response
to the concerns that drive the Obama transformation.

What is needed is a pro-growth, rational program that does not pander to either
social regressives or the remnants of big-money Republicanism. The pressing need
for an alternative vision cannot be filled by mediocrities or madmen, but rather
by people possessing both purpose and sensibility.

Joel Kotkin is the R.C. Hobbs Presidential Fellow in Urban Futures at Chapman
University in Orange and executive director of the Center for Opportunity
Urbanism (www.opportunityurbanism.org).

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              428 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Waterloo Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 1, 2009 Tuesday

Appeal dismissed in 2001 kidnapping case

BYLINE: Jeff Reinitz, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 370 words


Dec. 1--WATERLOO -- A man serving life for opening fire on police during a 2001
crime spree won't be getting a fourth opinion.

David Wayne Penwell, 50, who was convicted of kidnapping and sexually abusing a
convenience store clerk and shooting at a Waterloo officer, asked for a new
trial claiming his lawyer failed to back up his insanity and diminished capacity
defense.

But Judge George Stigler sided with the state, noting that three psychiatrists
had examined Penwell in preparation for trial.

"To date, at the time of this hearing, Mr. Penwell has produced no medical
expert who would give testimony that Mr. Penwell suffered from either diminished
capacity or insanity," Stigler wrote in his ruling dismissing the case.

Penwell's trial attorney had found a Missouri psychiatrist who interviewed
Penwell and initially said he found indications that supported the defense.

But the doctor was then presented with other evidence -- statements from the
victim and law enforcement -- that made him change his mind a week before trial.

Unable to hire a second doctor for a new examination, the defense called to the
stand a jail psychiatrist who worked with Penwell after he was arrested. That
psychiatrist testified that Penwell suffered from bipolar disorder with
psychotic features after his arrest but was unable to testify about his mental
status at the time of the crime.

A third psychiatrist, this one hired by the state before trial, also examined
Penwell and found no basis for an opinion the suffered from insanity or
diminished capacity.

In letters to the court, Penwell said he had mental issues and medicated himself
with drugs.

He said he shot up methamphetamine before the crime spree and wrote a note to
his fiancee in which he stated he twice put a loaded gun to his head.

To see more of the Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.wcfcourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Waterloo-Cedar
Falls Courier, Iowa Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091201-OO-Appeal-dismissed-in-2001-kidnapping-case-1201

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OO


                        Copyright 2009 Waterloo Courier


                              429 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                            July 26, 2006 Wednesday

Newspaper sale may be delayed

BYLINE: By Josh Richman, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: ARGUS

LENGTH: 651 words


Newspaper companies say they could lose millions, suffer labor strife and
violate a Justice Department order if the

$1 billion sale of the San Jose Mercury News, the Contra Costa Times and other
papers is delayed by a lawsuit.

U.S. District Judge Susan Illston of San Francisco will hold a hearing Thursday
on whether plaintiff Clinton Reilly can have a temporary restraining order
postponing the deal's consummation, and whether McClatchy Co. can intervene in
the lawsuit.

Sacramento-based McClatchy recently bought Knight Ridder Corp.'s 32 newspapers
for

$6.5 billion. From among those, the Mercury News and the Contra Costa Times are
to be sold for $736.8 million to Denver-based MediaNews Group -- which owns The
Argus -- and the Monterey County Herald and the St. Paul (Minn.) Pioneer Press
are to be sold for

$263.2 million to New York City-based Hearst Corp., owner of the San Francisco
Chronicle.

In a separate, simultaneous pact, Hearst agreed to give the St. Paul and
Monterey papers to MediaNews in return for an equity investment in MediaNews'
non-Bay Area assets; if the government does not approve that, MediaNews will
simply buy those two papers from Hearst.

Reilly, a San Francisco businessman, political consultant and 1999 mayoral
candidate, sued July 14 to halt the deal, which he says would create a Bay Area
newspaper monopoly with higher subscription and advertising rates and diminished
journalistic quality, jobs and union contracts.

McClatchy was not sued, but it filed a motion Monday to intervene. Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer Patrick Talamantes' declaration says his
company borrowed about $3.08 billion to finance the Knight Ridder purchase and
needs the MediaNews/Hearst deal's proceeds to help repay that debt now; his
company pays about $163,000 in interest per day on that $1 billion.

Talamantes also said delaying the MediaNews/Hearst deal means McClatchy might
have to start negotiating new contracts with three unions representing more than
600 Mercury News staffers -- even though it does not plan to keep the paper --
or else face labor unrest. And the Justice Department has required McClatchy --
which already owned the Minneapolis Star Tribune -- to get rid of the St. Paul
Pioneer Press within a few months, he noted; this, too, could be delayed.

McClatchy also filed a declaration by economist Andrew Joskow, a former Justice
Department antitrust official, disputing Reilly's claims of higher subscriber
and ad rates or diminished quality.

Reilly filed documents Monday seeking a temporary restraining order while his
lawsuit proceeds. Loss of competitive news outlets amounts to irreparable harm,
he claims, and it will be much harder to undo the deal after it is done. He also
contends he is likely to ultimately prove the deal clearly violates antitrust
laws.

But in a response filed Tuesday, MediaNews says there is practically no
circulation overlap in Reilly's hometown of San Francisco between papers it
already owns and those it plans to buy, and only minimal overlap in the East
Bay's Tri-Valley area.

Lack of overlap undermines claims of potentially inflated subscriber and ad
rates, the company contends, and advertisers who would enjoy area-wide coverage
will suffer if the deal is delayed.

MediaNews also said delaying the deal past July's end means it might have to pay
$23 million more to refinance the $350 million loan it took for the deal, plus
other costs.

The state and federal governments' antitrust reviews should be enough, the brief
notes.

McClatchy and MediaNews also filed declarations seeming to attack Reilly's
standing to sue by noting they have no record of his ever having advertised in
or subscribed to the Mercury News or Contra Costa Times.

Hearst also filed a brief arguing Reilly's case is full of holes: Hearst said it
will be only a minority investor in MediaNews' non-Bay Area properties through
this deal, so no monopoly can ensue.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              430 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                              July 13, 2009 Monday
                                 Metro Edition

Readers Write

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 910 words


LETTER OF THE DAY: Why should L.A. pick up the tab for Jackson's memorial?

I find it deplorable that the city of Los Angeles is seeking donations to cover
the expense of all the law enforcement agencies required to police the Michael
Jackson tribute at the Staples Center. The state has a $42 billion deficit, has
furloughed state and county employees and will begin to pay employees with IOUs.

The solution is to have every actor, athlete, recording artist and record
producer who was at the event pick up the tab. In the end, we are already paying
their salaries.

AL LEBERKNIGHT, BURNSVILLE

TRANSITION TO DTV

Help is still available

In the Twin Cities, many families that currently subscribe to cable may not be
paying a lot of attention to the recent DTV transition.

But in the current economy, some families may decide to cut their monthly
expenses by canceling their cable. If that's the case, families can still apply
for a $40 government coupon to subsidize the cost of a digital converter box so
they can continue to have access to emergency news and alerts.

Families have until July 31 to apply for a coupon, and can do so by calling
1-888-DVT-2009 or visiting www.DTV2009.gov.

If you currently have cable and are confident that it will continue to be a
priority for you, you can donate your coupons to a friend or family member or
someone else who might be facing obstacles by mailing it to:

The Twin Cities Coupon

Donation Program

P.O. Box 50253

Minneapolis, MN 55405

There are also local resources available to families who are having trouble with
the transition. Go to www.twincitiesDTV2009.com to find the best resource for
your DTV assistance needs or call the Twin Cities DTV Hotline at 612-246-3017.

PAULA FYNBOH, Minneapolis

GAY PRIDE

In discriminating, we diminish our humanity

As we celebrated another Pride, my thoughts kept returning to those I have met
over the years who still can't celebrate whom they were created to be. They
can't celebrate because their spirits have been so thoroughly broken by the
ignorance and hatred of others.

Humanity is diminished when we treat others as less than. Humanity is diminished
when we allow a segment of society to live in fear and shame, when we selfishly
deny another their place in this life, when we don't celebrate the diversity and
beauty in others. Shame on all of us for letting this happen. We are not only
hurting individual people, we are diminishing our nation as a whole when we
don't treat others with equality.

To live fully we must give life to others. We must share love with others. We
must treat others as we would want to be treated ourselves.

Would you want to be told you cannot love another person? That you are sick and
sinful? Would you want to be fired because of your sexual orientation? Would you
want to be treated as a second-class citizen? Then why do we allow this to
happen to others?

Our creator loves unconditionally. May we do no less. May we seek daily to be
kind and gentle, to work for justice and mercy, and to use our intellect to
understand and celebrate all people.

RANDI REITAN, EDEN PRAIRIE

READY, SET, EAT

Eating competitors are also athletes

Judging from his scathing July 8 letter about competitive eating ("Since when is
gluttony a sporting event"), the author must not have seen the actual contest
because he says that it is "just a bunch of fat people waddling away from the
table."

In reality, competitive eaters train just like any other professional athlete,
and are in excellent shape.

JEFF TOMLINSON, EDEN PRAIRIE

HEALTH CARE

Volunteering is one way to contain rising costs

Senior Companions and RSVP volunteers are part of the solution to the need for
more long-term care highlighted in the July 6 editorial, "The elephant in the
room on health care." Last year these volunteers helped more than 5,400
Minnesota adults -- mostly frail seniors -- live independently in their homes
and delay or avoid costly institutionalization.

Senior Companions and RSVP volunteers provide critical services to frail and
vulnerable clients -- driving them to medical appointments, running errands,
offering companionship and assisting with light chores. For clients with family
caregivers, these volunteers come by to give families or professional caregivers
some much-needed time off. Sometimes the most important thing they do comes down
to simply being a friend at a time of need.

Compared to the high cost of nursing home care that exceeds $50,000 annually,
volunteer service is obviously a very cost-effective way to provide services to
frail adults who might otherwise require institutionalization.

SAM SCHUTH, MINNEAPOLIS;

STATE DIRECTOR, CORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY SERVICE

MICHAEL JACKSON

Was his memorial bigger news than a new senator?

I was beyond surprised when I unfolded my July 8 newspaper and saw a large photo
of the late Michael Jackson's family. Off to the side, and much less prominent,
was an article about the long-awaited swearing in of Minnesota's second senator.

The loss of Jackson was undoubtedly a major event in many lives, but is it
really more important than having full representation in the U.S. Senate for the
people of Minnesota?

Sen. Al Franken deserved much better from his hometown newspaper.

JEAN STRINGER, EDEN PRAIRIE

---

The beauty of Michael Jackson's coffin made me think of the handsomeness he
sacrificed to the surgeon's knife. In his adulterated flesh was he seeking to
satirize our standards of beauty?

MICHAEL ALLEN MIKOLAJCZAK,

MINNEAPOLIS

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              431 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         North Carolina Lawyers Weekly

                                November 8, 2004

Verdicts & Settlements November 8, 2004: N.C. patient recovers  K$800 $800K for
ER's delayed diagnosis

BYLINE: North Carolina Lawyers Weekly Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 367  words


Following a left patellar fracture, plaintiff underwent an ORIF. Approximately
five days post-surgery, plaintiff presented to the ER with: a temperature of 101
degrees, a three-day history of fever, pulse of 145, blood pressure 97/50,
respirations of 22, rash, abdominal pain, 95 percent neutrophils, and abnormal
liver panel. He was discharged with a diagnosis of viral illness.

Plaintiff returned to the ER three days later and was admitted in critical
condition with a diagnosis of staphylococcal toxic shock syndrome and MRSA.
Plaintiff underwent seven operations and spent 23 days in the hospital.
Plaintiff underwent an additional operation for skin grafting approximately
three months after discharge.

Plaintiff will need approximately five additional operations throughout his
lifetime. He has been left with permanent decreased range of motion in his left
knee, and diminished strength of his left leg.

Plaintiff's claim was that the ER doctor failed to properly diagnose and treat
the plaintiff's toxic shock syndrome, leading to further damage to plaintiff's
knee. The defense contended that all the damage to plaintiff's knee had occurred
before his first ER visit. Plaintiff's experts opined that 50 percent of the
damage had occurred in the five-day period preceding the first ER visit.

Type of Action: Medical malpractice; personal injuries of 10-year-old boy.

Injuries Alleged: Permanent decreased range of motion of left knee; diminished
strength of left leg; scarring and disfigurement of left knee; emotional
distress

Name of Case: Confidential

Court/County: Confidential

Case No.: Confidential

Tried Before: Mediation

Name of Judge: n/a

Special Damages: Past medical costs of $114,900 and $151,563 in future medicals

Verdict/Settlement: Settlement

Amount: $800,000 present value; $2.2 million structured settlement

Date obtained: Case settled May 2004, one year after unsuccessful mediation

Demand: n/a

Offer: n/a

Experts: Plaintiff used a number of experts in emergency medicine, orthopedics,
physical medicine and rehabilitation, infectious diseases and psychology

Insurer: Confidential

Plaintiff's attorneys: Charles A. Bentley Jr., Bentley Law Offices, P.A., Durham

Person Submitting: Tammy Moldovan

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              432 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           December 4, 2010 Saturday
                                   L2 Edition

To quote JFK,withoutcredit

BYLINE: By Mike Riopell State Government Writer mriopell@dailyherald.com -CLMN-

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 481 words


SPRINGFIELD In a speech on the Senate floor in favor of allowing civil unions,
state Sen. Mike Noland noted eloquently that "the rights of everyone are
diminished when the rights of any one of us are threatened."

But the phrase and others in the speech sounded familiar to some who pointed out
similarities to a 1963 speech by President John F. Kennedy.

Reached by phone Friday, Noland apologized.

"It was an attribution that I should have made, and I did not," said Noland, an
Elgin Democrat.

"I didn't. I should have. And I apologize," Noland said.

The similarities were first pointed out by the Illinois politics blog Capitol
Fax.

Noland said a colleague pointed out he hadn't attributed the speech to Kennedy.

One example of the similarities:

Noland said, "Our nation was founded, Mr. President, upon the principle that
with the respect to our pursuit of happiness each of us are created equal one to
another and that the rights of everyone are diminished when the rights of any
one of us are threatened."

From Kennedy's June 11, 1963, civil rights address to the nation:

"This nation was founded by men of many nations and backgrounds. It was founded
on the principle that all men are created equal, and that the rights of every
man are diminished when the rights of one man are threatened."

Later, Noland said:

"Again, legislation cannot solve this problem on discrimination; it must be
solved in the homes, in the hearts of every citizen, in every community across
this great state."

Kennedy had said:

"But legislation, I repeat, cannot solve this problem alone. It must be solved
in the homes of every American in every community across our

country."

And in another passage, Noland commented, "We owe them and we owe ourselves and
our children a better state than that."

Kennedy, in his speech, said: "I think we owe them and we owe ourselves a better
country than that."

Hours after Noland apologized in a phone interview, he sent an e-mail statement
to reporters praising Kennedy's speech and again saying he should have credited
the former president. But he also said he wouldn't change his floor speech at
all.

"I did not, however, plagiarize his speech," Noland said in the statement. "I
did not copy the speech and claim it as my own work. No one could (reasonably)
expect to do that successfully with such a famous speech. I am extremely proud
of the speech I gave and the vote we took. ... I believe in every word of my
speech. I would not change a word of that speech."

Noland delivered his version from the Senate floor Wednesday, during a somewhat
lengthy debate over the controversial civil unions proposal.

Kennedy delivered the original to call for the eventual Civil Rights Act of
1964, which made racial discrimination illegal.

Noland said he thought Kennedy's remarks were appropriate for the present-day
debate over gay rights.

"That was the message I wanted to get across," he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Michael Noland Michael Noland Michael Noland Michael Noland Michael
Noland Michael Noland Michael
Noland

 Steve Rauschenberger Michael
Noland

 Steve Rauschenberger

 Michael
Noland

 Steve
Rauschenberger Michael Noland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              433 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           November 13, 2008 Thursday

On finding out, tough times, recounts and more ...

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: PP EDITORIALS

LENGTH: 848 words


HEARINGS AND PROCESS

It's a finding-out-how-things-work kind of week. In Washington, the National
Transportation Safety Board is in the middle of a two-day hearing on what caused
the I-35W bridge to collapse into the Mississippi River in Minneapolis last
year. NTSB investigators are explaining what they've learned in the year and a
quarter since the bridge fell. At the end of the hearing, the board is expected
to make a final ruling on what it believes is the cause.

For months, the investigation has focused on "gusset plates" -- steel plates
that help hold pieces of the bridge together -- that investigators believe were
too thin because of a design flaw. It's not enough, though, to know only what
the central weakness was. We also need to understand the influence of other
variables: heat, construction, age, whatever the relevant factors may be. Why
that day, after the bridge had stood for 14,000 days? What were the influences
that intersected at that moment, of all moments? Were there only two that really
mattered, the too-thin gussets that gave way under rush-hour traffic and the 287
tons of construction material piled on the bridge? Maybe by the end of this day,
we'll know better.

In St. Paul, meanwhile, we're finding out how the mechanisms by which we decide
really close elections (one in particular) work. We have administrative
mechanisms, judicial mechanisms, political mechanisms, all coming to bear on the
recount of the Norm Coleman/Al Franken race for U.S. Senate. We have statutes
and rules and best practices, recount checklists and high-minded promises, lions
and tigers and lawyers.

In some quarters, lawyers are seen as the more troublesome in that latter group,
biting and clawing and always roaring about something. While some in their ranks
(as in anybody's ranks) are known for chicanery, we appreciate the sight of
lawyers. Where there are lawyers, there are laws. Where there are laws, there
are courts. Where there are courts, there may be due process. Where there's due
process, there's the possibility of figuring out how things work -- and then
making it all work better, as need be.

FAMILIARITY

Speaking of recounts, our Friday Opinuendo poet weighs in:

All this worry

Over partisan fury

And the racket

In Recount Corral

But it's nothing new

Or out of the blue

Don't fret, it's

only norm-al!

CHALLENGING TIMES

The economy is in tough shape. Housing has been embattled for months, going on
years. Recent headlines tell of Circuit City in bankruptcy and Best Buy revenue
that's less than expected. Detroit is in turmoil. Now come reports of the Hecker
Group in dire straits. We wish it were otherwise. A newspaper has the sometimes
unhappy duty to report the news even when, perhaps especially when, the news is
bad.

But as an institution, we wish these challenged businesses well. These
businesses and thousands like them are an integral part of our communities.
Diminished businesses lead to a diminished community. Many of these challenged
businesses advertise with us. Some don't. We wish them all well.

In good times, it's too easy to take for granted the widespread benefits of
healthy businesses -- not just the jobs they offer, but also the good causes
they support, the taxes they pay, the myriad ways in which business owners and
the people they employ engage in their communities. Much of the good that our
businesspeople do goes unnoticed in good times. Many prefer it that way. But, as
tough times teach us, we ought not take it for granted.

JUST AN ITEM OF INTEREST

We like C-Span. In its low-key, no-frills, no explosions or nudity or drunken
brawls kind of way, it helps us figure things out. We took note, the other day,
of a good long C-Span interview with U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice.
There's a transcript of it at c-span.org on the Web.

Rice talks about her memories of Birmingham in the '60s, about racism, about how
she thinks the world views the election of Barack Obama, about mistakes during
the Bush administration, about her parents, about what she plans to do when her
term ends (return to Stanford and write books).

At one point in the interview, host Steve Scully asks:

"So if Condi Rice is writing the first textbook on the Bush presidency, the
first paragraph, what would you include?"

Rice responds:

"The president believed that all men were created equal and that they were --
all men and women were created equal, and that they had the right to live in
freedom and liberty. That meant freedom from tyranny, but also freedom from
poverty, freedom from ignorance. And he made it the purpose of American foreign
policy to begin that journey, knowing that it wouldn't be achieved on his watch
-- it's a generational struggle, but knowing that ultimately, when it was
achieved, there would be absolutely no ground and no basis on which terrorists
could hold."

That will rub some people right, and some people wrong. Either way, the whole of
it makes for an interesting interview. And, we would argue, contributes to an
understanding of how things work.

Further, taking little for granted and less for free, Opinuendo sayeth not.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              434 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Evening News (Norwich)

                            March 19, 2011 Saturday

Ceremony to honour 34 new Freemen of Norwich

BYLINE: Trevor Tubby

SECTION: ROP

LENGTH: 684 words


They came from as far afield as Texas. And yesterday 34 people, including 28
women, were all made Freemen of the City of Norwich in a special ceremony at
City Hall.

Dating from medieval times, the ancient honour originates from a time when
freemen were the governing body of the city and were given trading rights not
permitted to ordinary residents.



As the centuries have passed, most of the ancient rights and privileges have
disappeared, but the freedom right still passes down from parent to child by
right of birth.

And following a historic ruling woman whose relatives were freemen can now apply
to have the title passed on to them.

Janet Knapik, who grew up in West Earlham and now lives in Austin Texas,
travelled to Norwich to receive the honour along with her daughter Gail Hardy.

The 76-year-old said she was delighted to be accepted for the honour, which was
last held by her father Ernest Houghton.

"It's been a very emotional week," she said. "My dad was a freeman and when I
found out it was available to women I put in my application."

Natasha Leeds and her sisters Nicola Wright, and Samantha Harvey, who are twins,
were also pleased to receive the honour which means that they are also freeman
alongside their dad Michael Burrell, and younger brother Matthew.

The accolade, which will pass down to Natasha's sons Oliver and Oscar.

Samantha, 34, who lives in Felthorpe, near Norwich said: "It's being part of
history. We have all got families and it will be nice to hand that down."

Welcoming the new freemen, Lord Mayor of Norwich Tom Dylan, said: "You will be
aware that the rights and privileges have diminished over the years," he said.

"This honour however, of becoming a freeman has not diminished in any way, and I
am sure today's ceremony will be something that you will cherish for many years
to come."

For a slideshow of all the presentations, visit www.eveningnews24.co.uk

They came from as far afield as Texas. And today 34 people, including 28 women,
were all made Freemen of the City of Norwich in a special ceremony at City Hall.


Dating from medieval times, the ancient honour originates from a time when
freemen were the governing body of the city and were given trading rights not
permitted to ordinary residents.

As the centuries have passed, most of the ancient rights and privileges have
disappeared, but the freedom right still passes down from parent to child by
right of birth. And following a historic ruling woman whose relatives were
freemen can now apply to have the title passed on to them.

Janet Knapik, who grew up in West Earlham and now lives in Austin Texas,
travelled to Norwich to receive the honour along with her daughter Gail Hardy.

The 76-year-old said she was delighted to be accepted for the honour, which was
last held by her father Ernest Houghton.

"It's been a very emotional week," she said. "My dad was a freeman and when I
found out it was available to women I put in my application."

Natasha Leeds and her sisters Nicola Wright, and Samantha Harvey, who are twins,
were also pleased to receive the honour which means that they are also freeman
alongside their dad Michael Burrell, and younger brother Matthew. The accolade,
which will pass down to Natasha's sons Oliver and Oscar, also means the
re-establishment of the freemen link with her husband's family, which was lost
two geneerations ago.

Samantha, 34, who lives in Felthorpe, near Norwich said: "It's being part of
history. We have all got families and it will be nice to hand that down."

Welcoming the new freemen, Lord Mayor of Norwich Tom Dylan, said: "You will be
aware that the rights and privileges have diminished over the years," he said.
"This honour however, of becoming a freeman has not diminished in any way, and I
am sure today's ceremony will be something that you will cherish for many years
to come."

Mike Quinton, chairman of the Norwich Freeman's Committee, said: "One of the
benefits of the new rule is that it stops the fact that when a male freeman dies
with no sons that tradition of being a freeman runs out. This means the
continuity of being a freeman is preserved even better."

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EEN


                    Copyright 2011 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              435 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            October 28, 2014 Tuesday

What counts as 'earned' for pensions divides 41st House hopefuls -BYLN- By Marie
Wilson mwilson@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 452 words


What counts as 'earned' for pensions divides 41st House hopefuls

The Illinois Constitution protects participants in state pension systems from
having benefits cut once they are earned.

But do future annual 3 percent cost of living adjustments that compound each
year count as already earned?

Candidates for state House in the 41st District disagree, and the distinction
shapes their opposite views on pension reform.

Republican Grant Wehrli says future automatic increases do not count as already
having been earned because pension participants can know what their pay is
today, but it's illogical to assume what it will be years from now.

"We have to honor pensions to a certain extent, and what I mean by a certain
extent is the Illinois constitution has the 'shall not be diminished, once
earned shall not be diminished' clause in it. And I'm sorry, but a 3 percent
COLA (cost of living adjustment), in the year 2027, is not yet earned," said
Wehrli, a 45-year-old sales and business consultant who sits on the Naperville
City Council. "We can change that."

But Democrat Ed Agustin says annual cost of living adjustments are part of the
"promise" the state made to employees in pension systems, so they do count as
earned and cannot be diminished.

"I was raised, you don't break your promises. The people in Tier 1 are due the
money that they've been promised," said Agustin, a 70-year-old retired architect
from Naperville. "The money needs to be found to pay for these pensions."

Wehrli said he thinks compromise can be found to provide a comfortable
retirement for teachers, police officers and firefighters while creating a
pension system the state actually can pay for. Removing the automatic yearly
increases for people receiving pensions would be a good place to start, he said.

"I'm not here to cast more blame. I want to fix the problem ... so what do we do
to fix it? We get rid of the 3 percent COLA," he said. "The 3 percent
compounding COLA is one of the major driving factors of the unsustainable side
of the pension equation."

Agustin said changes need to be made to the benefits of employees who join the
state pension systems later instead of those already enrolled.

"The obligation needs to be met. But yes, change needs to be made for future
participants in the programs so that this lavish growth every year isn't part of
the program automatically," Agustin said. "Let the people going in know that
they're not going to be getting these automatic raises and COLAs like the
earlier members had because the state can't afford it."

Agustin and Wehrli are running in the Nov. 4 election for the open 41st District
seat to be vacated by Darlene Senger, who is running for U.S. Congress in the
11th District.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Democrat Ed Agustin and Republican Grant Wehrli disagree on topics that
include pension reform and what benefits count as already earned and unable to
be cut as the two candidates seek the 41st state House seat in the Nov. 4
election. Democrat Ed Agustin and Republican Grant Wehrli disagree on topics
that include pension reform and what benefits count as already earned and unable
to be cut as the two candidates seek the 41st state House seat in the Nov. 4
election.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              436 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                  November 13, 2003 Thursday Michigan Edition

Kroger, union OK contract extension;
Strike threat is diminished

BYLINE: By ASHLEY McCALL; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B10

LENGTH: 362 words


The likelihood of a strike at local Kroger Co. grocery stores is diminished
somewhat, thanks to a contract extension reached between Kroger and the union
representing the workers.

On Tuesday night, Kroger and United Food and Commercial Workers International
Union Local 700 agreed to extend indefinitely the contract covering about 4,000
clerks and meat workers at 58 stores in central Indiana.

In addition, they agreed to indefinite extensions for Local 700's other
unresolved Kroger contracts, including one covering the Northern Indiana Sav-On
unit.

By agreeing to the extensions, "that eliminated the potential for a work
stoppage," said Jeff Golc, a Kroger spokesman.

The Sav-On unit includes fractions of work forces at 15 Indiana, Ohio and
Michigan Kroger stores, including locations in Mishawaka, Goshen, Plymouth,
Warsaw, LaPorte and Sturgis. Their contract with Kroger expired in September
2002 and was then extended.

But in February, the 300 or so Kroger deli, bakery, pharmacy and nonfoods
workers who make up the unit voted to terminate the extension and authorize a
strike.

They have not yet acted on that strike authorization and have remained on the
job since the extension ended in March, working according to the terms of the
old contract.

But the possibility of a strike remained, though it was unclear what impact the
brewing labor dispute in central Indiana might have on local Kroger operations.

Rian Wathen, Local 700 organizing director, said last week that though the
Sav-On unit and central Indiana labor disputes centered on the same issue --
health care -- that did not necessarily mean the northern Indiana workers would
strike if central Indiana workers walked off the job.

Attempts to reach Wathen at his Indianapolis office Wednesday were unsuccessful.

According to Kroger, the indefinite extensions may be rescinded by either side
with 72 hours notice.

Negotiations over the central Indiana contract are set to resume this week. As
for the Northern Indiana Sav-On unit contract, Kroger is committed to
negotiating "somewhere down the line," Golc said.

Staff writer Ashley McCall:

amccall@sbtinfo.com

(574) 235-6467

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2003 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              437 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                           December 31, 2013 Tuesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

AMERICANS STRUGGLE AS PAY GAP WIDENS;
COPING STRATEGIES MAY HAVE RUN COURSE

BYLINE: Rich Miller and Michelle Jamrisko, Bloomberg News

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A-7

LENGTH: 950 words


Rising income inequality is starting to hit home for many American households as
they run short of places to reach for a few extra bucks.

As the gap between the rich and poor widened over the last three decades,
families at the bottom found ways to deal with the squeeze on earnings.
Housewives joined the workforce. Husbands took second jobs and labored longer
hours. Homeowners tapped into the rising value of their properties to borrow
money to spend.

Those strategies finally may have run their course as women's participation in
the labor force has peaked and the bursting of the house-price bubble has left
many Americans underwater on their mortgages.

"We've exhausted our coping mechanisms," said Alan Krueger, an economics
professor at Princeton University in New Jersey and former chairman of President
Barack Obama's Council of Economic Advisers. "They weren't sustainable."

The result has been a downsizing of expectations. By almost 2 to 1 -- 64 percent
to 33 percent -- Americans say the U.S. no longer offers everyone an equal
chance to get ahead, according to the latest Bloomberg National Poll. The lack
of faith is especially pronounced among those making less than $50,000 a year,
with close to three-quarters in the Dec. 6-9 survey saying the economy is
unfair.

"I've had good jobs and bad jobs. But it always seemed like something would come
along and keep me from getting ahead," said Diana Kraft, 54, a homemaker in
Denton, Texas.

Adding to challenges for lower-income individuals is the loss of unemployment
benefits, which were supporting 1.3 million long-term jobless people in the U.S.
before their expiration Saturday. While Congress failed to pass a renewal before
adjourning earlier this month, Democratic lawmakers will press in early 2014 for
an extension of the benefits.

Rhode Island Democrat Jack Reed, a member of the Senate Appropriations
Committee, said on MSNBC that the chamber will consider as early as Monday an
extension of benefits he's drafted with Nevada Republican Dean Heller.

Diminished expectations

The diminished expectations have implications for the economy. Workers are
clinging to their jobs as prospects fade for higher-paying employment.
Households are socking away more money and charging less on credit cards. And
young adults are living with their parents longer rather than venturing out on
their own.

In the meantime, record-high stock prices are enriching wealthier Americans,
exacerbating polarization and bringing income inequality to the political
forefront. Even independent government agencies like the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the Federal Reserve have been dragged into the debate.

"The basic bargain at the heart of our economy has frayed," Mr. Obama said in a
Dec. 4 speech in Washington. "This is the defining challenge of our time: Making
sure our economy works for every working American."

Democratic lawmakers also intend to press next year for a higher minimum wage to
tackle the yawning gap between rich and poor, according to the Senate's
second-ranking Democrat, Dick Durbin of Illinois.

Republicans aren't ceding the issue.

"The American dream is certainly more in doubt than in decades," House Speaker
John Boehner of Ohio said in response to the president's speech. "But after more
than five years in office, the president has no one to blame but himself."

Income inequality has been rising more or less steadily since the mid-1970s.

The recession actually interrupted the trend and temporarily narrowed the gap
between rich and poor. Wealthy Americans were hurt by the bear market in stocks
as the Standard & Poor's 500 Index fell more than 50 percent, while the poor
benefited from increased payments from the Medicaid health program and other
government programs.

The disparity has widened since the recovery began in mid-2009. The richest 10
percent of Americans earned a larger share of income last year than at any time
since 1917, according to Emmanuel Saez, an economist at the University of
California at Berkeley. Those in the top one-tenth of income distribution made
at least $146,000 in 2012, almost 12 times what those in the bottom tenth made,
Census Bureau data show.

Economists' explanations

Economists have posited a variety of explanations for the growing differences in
incomes. Manufacturing companies moved once high-paying jobs abroad, to China
and elsewhere. Technological advances led to the loss of clerical and office
work, especially relating to routine tasks. The decline of unions -- 11.3
percent of workers were represented in 2012 compared with 20.1 percent in 1983
-- has advantaged bosses at the expense of their employees.

"The middle has really collapsed," said Lawrence Katz, an economics professor at
Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts, and a former chief economist at
the Labor Department in Washington.

Even those with college degrees are having trouble keeping up, he said. While
they earn more than those with less schooling, they've seen no real wage growth
in recent years. The median income of men 25 years of age and older with a
bachelor's degree was $56,656 last year, 10 percent less than in 2007 after
taking account of inflation, according to Census data.

It's the richest of the rich who are reaping the most benefit -- a phenomenon
dubbed "winner take all" by Cornell University professor Robert Frank.

Government policies also play a role. The Treasury Department, for instance,
taxes capital gains racked up by the wealthy on the sale of shares, bonds and
other assets at about half the rate of ordinary income. The top 1 percent
captured 95 percent of the gains in incomes in the first three years of the
recovery, based on analysis of tax returns by Mr. Saez.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              438 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            December 14, 2001 Friday

Bush packs trade weapon for Paris steel summit;
Washington's plan to protect U.S. industry;
unlikely to impress foreign competitors

BYLINE: ROBERT GUY MATTHEWS, Paul Hofheinz in Brussels contributed to this
story.

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: THE WALL STREET JOURNAL; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 716 words


On Monday, key officials from the world's top steel-producing countries will
gather at a summit in Paris to deliver the following answer to President George
W. Bush's proposal that they cut steel production: No. Nyet. Non.

Their expected refusal will set the stage for a nasty confrontation, pitting the
U.S. and the clout of the world's biggest steel importer against the exporting
interests of the European Union, Russia, Japan and Brazil.

The timing, too, is less than ideal. These nations make up a large part of the
international pool Washington has coaxed together to support its campaign
against terrorism.

But then it also is crunch time for the domestic steel industry. Twenty-eight
steel companies have filed for bankruptcy since 1997, including the nation's
third- and fourth-largest. In an extraordinary bid to salvage the industry, last
week USX-U.S. Steel Group proposed buying its troubled competitors Bethlehem
Steel Corp., National Steel Corp. and Wheeling-Pittsburgh Corp., if the
government would pick up a $13-billion (U.S.) tab for retiree costs.

President Bush will address the global industry and in effect tell it to become
a kind of cartel or kiss the U.S. market goodbye. The U.S. International Trade
Commission last week recommended that President Bush tack on additional tariffs
ranging from 5 per cent to 40 per cent for key steel products. President Bush
could threaten next week to leave the doors of the U.S. market open only a very
costly crack if the world's steel makers don't agree to cuts - cuts that could
wipe out several foreign steel companies. Hit especially hard: steel makers in
Russia, Brazil, Japan, and South Korea, which rely heavily on exports to the
U.S.

President Bush, a champion of free markets, is pushing protectionism on behalf
of an industry that has diminished in size and importance in the past 20 years
as more global forces have made their way into the U.S. market.

Yet, even as the work force is as its lowest level in decades and the number of
steel mills has greatly diminished, steel continues to play a huge role in the
industrial base of the country. Moreover, the travails of the steel industry
affect the tax base of communities and states, and the health of industries that
consume steel.

Mr. Bush says a healthy steel industry also is vital for national security,
although some question that point. And steel could be crucial for the
President's political career.

The industry remains big in swing states such as Pennsylvania, Ohio and West
Virginia, where a good portion of 600,000 retired steel workers live.

Other countries have similar concerns. They also don't want to lay off their own
workers so that the world's steel industry can eliminate capacity.

EU Trade Commissioner Pascal Lamy, speaking to the British Steel Association
yesterday in London, said the U.S. was essentially trying to place the entire
burden on other countries. Mr. Lamy warned against conducting "international
negotiations with a gun to the head and a policy best summarized as 'stop me
before I kill again.' " The Trade Commissioner vowed to take the U.S. before the
World Trade Organization if it carries through on the tariff threat.

Clearly, the stakes, as well as tempers, are high. Each of the countries is
adamant about protecting its own jobs and industries, and each will present its
argument as to why others should make the cuts. And that's where the real fight
is going to be: on the question of which countries are going to shoulder the
burden.

It probably won't be the EU, Japan and the U.S., but rather Russia, Brazil and
South Korea. Russia and Ukraine are expected to shoulder most of the cuts
because their producers are much weaker and not as well connected to the WTO and
produce far more than they need.

Russia produces 13 per cent of the world's steel but consumes only 5 per cent.
By contrast, China, the world's top producer, uses most of its output
domestically.

Foreign steel producers and their governments say they have little sympathy for
the U.S. industry, saying its financial woes reflect poor management and
outdated labour practices. "The U.S. steel industry needs to put its own house
in order," said the EU's Mr. Lamy. "This should not be done at the expense of
those who have already done so."

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2001 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              439 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 29, 2013 Sunday

Reading Eagle, Pa., Bill Uhrich column

BYLINE: Bill Uhrich, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 626 words


Dec. 29--If we want to assign any particular bird the role of a living Christmas
ornament, we would have to choose the rufous hummingbird.

Tiny yet surprisingly tough, the rufous has been an annual winter visitor to
Berks County for nearly 15 seasons, when this western species first started
showing up at hummingbird feeders that procrastinators left up into the fall.

Score one for procrastination.

Now, backyard birders purposely keep hummingbird feeders up and maintained past
Thanksgiving in hopes of attracting a rufous.

This small but significant eastward migratory movement of these hardy
hummingbirds has been a highlight of the birding world and for the lucky few who
have hosted a rufous at their feeders.

I imagine time will tell whether this movement is part of a long-term trend or
just a momentary blip in the migratory scheme of things.

The rufous trend reminds me of a much larger species that Eastern birders
enjoyed in numbers during the middle of the last century: the evening grosbeak.

From the late 1940s up until the '70s, Berks birders would delight in these
colorful northern visitors that would descend upon their feeding stations in
hordes and clean out sunflower seeds in a matter of minutes.

The wanderings of these flocks diminished in the '80s until currently any
evening grosbeak record in Berks is a genuine rarity.

The population of grosbeaks hasn't particularly diminished, just their winter
wanderings.

So far this season, Berks has seen at least three rufous hummingbirds.

We don't have any definitive record of a repeat visitor, which would be rather
extraordinary, but there is a tantalizing rufous currently visiting a feeder in
Albany Township that could be a returning guest.

The homeowners have had a rufous at their feeders each fall for the last three
years.

Scott Weidensaul, the Schuylkill County author and naturalist, has been
researching the rufous phenomenon. A federally licensed hummingbird bander,
Scott tries to track down every local sighting to band the bird.

Scott wasn't alerted to the Albany bird in previous years, so whether it's a
returning bird is a matter of speculation.

So far, none of the recorded Berks sightings has been of a previously banded
bird.

Joanne and Jim Smoker of Cumru Township have entertained a rufous daily at their
feeder since early November.

"We keep a lamp on the feeder during very cold times and change the food
frequently," they wrote.

Scott banded the bird and determined it's a female. The Smokers named her Lady
Sarah.

Bill and Marie Hartranft of Lower Alsace Township have also had a rufous at
their feeders.

"My husband and I have had the pleasure of a migrating rufous since about the
beginning of October," Marie wrote.

She called Jack Holcomb's Saturday morning radio show on WEEU 830 AM, Berks
County's only locally owned radio station, and learned about Scott's research,
and Scott banded the bird after determining that it was a female.

"It was so educational and thrilling to watch her get banded and to hold her in
my hand," she said.

"My husband was able to get video of her flying back and forth from the
evergreens in our backyard to the feeder during the snowstorms," Marie
continued. "It was amazing to see. My husband put a heat lamp up mid-November to
keep the nectar from freezing. She was a little leery of it at first, but she
loves it now and often hovers around."

These hummingbird visits are truly a special occurrence, particularly in the
holiday season.

"She has become like a part of our family," Marie said. "We wait anxiously every
morning until we see her."

Contact Bill Uhrich: 610-371-5090 or buhrich@readingeagle.com

___ (c)2013 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131229-RE-Reading-Eagle-Pa-Bill-Uhrich-column-1229-20131229

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2013 Reading Eagle


                              440 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           January 25, 2007 Thursday
                                 First Edition

WHEN IT ALL FALLS APART;
Story

BYLINE: Tony Walker WASHINGTON

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; International News; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 1482 words


He's kept up the pretence a long time, but US President George Bush should be
under no illusion now.

When Americans tuned in to George Bush's sixth State of the Union address they
would have noticed their president looked more careworn - and, yes, diminished,
although this was one of Bush's better speeches.

They could also not have avoided one other telling indication of the change that
has come over Washington since Bush's 2006 State of the Union delivered by a
president who might have believed he retained control of the agenda, even as the
ground was shifting beneath his feet.

Sitting behind the President was Democrat Nancy Pelosi - third in line to the
presidency after Bush and Vice-President Dick Cheney - the first woman to occupy
the House Speaker's chair in the country's history following her party's
victories in the November mid-term elections.

If reinforcement was needed of the message that Bush's lame-duck presidency
continues to falter, it was the spectacle of the San Francisco liberal Pelosi
perched in pole position at the president's shoulder in place of her
predecessor, the rumpled ward-heeling politician from Chicago, Dennis Hastert.

Pelosi looked like a well-dressed society matron presiding over a party in which
the guests had been assigned their allotted roles and were performing
satisfactorily, the President included - under her direction.

Then there was Cheney, the enigmatic presence behind the President seated next
to Pelosi in his dual capacity as Vice-President and president of the Senate,
but like his boss, he is much diminished these days and may not survive to the
end of the Bush term.

True, Bush tried to impose himself on the occasion by re-asserting his belief
that the war on terrorism is a "generational struggle that will continue long
after you and I have turned our duties over to others".

But nobody in the audience of representatives and senators, nor many in the
wider viewing public except perhaps for a few true believers, could have been
under any illusion that Bush is a faltering president seeking to burnish a
tarnished legacy.

Take the unbelievable slide in Bush's poll numbers. In 2002, his first State of
the Union following the terrorist attacks on the US of September 11, 2001,
Bush's approval stood at 82 per cent with just 13 per cent disapproving. In
2007, his approval stands at just 35 per cent and disapproval at a whopping 60
per cent.

It is possible Bush's strategy in Iraq will buy time to allow an honourable
withdrawal of American (and Australian) forces, but it requires a leap of faith
to believe this will all end well.

Yet, there was Bush continuing to insist that a few more troops, another
stratagem, more patience would yield a favourable result, and this in one of the
worst weeks on record for casualties among Americans and Iraqis.

Here was a president whose approval ratings have plumbed levels associated with
Richard Nixon and the Watergate revelations in 1974, asking Americans to
continue to trust him.

Lyndon Johnson, who was saddled with a similarly unpopular war when he delivered
his final State of the Union in 1968, could at least point to his "Great
Society" reforms and Civil Rights Act as lasting achievements.

Bush, on the other hand, has no such domestic high points to his credit, his
legacy stained irredeemably by an ill-advised foray into the Middle East under
what have now turned out to be false pretences.

In his speech, the president tried to assert a domestic agenda by emphasising
the need to do more to curb profligate energy use, to do something about the
appalling detail that 47 million Americans do not have access to health
insurance and to address the running sore of immigration reform.

But it was impossible to escape the impression it was all too little and too
late.

Listening to Bush, it occurred his speechwriters must have faced a singular
challenge trying to match high-sounding verbiage with the reality on the ground,
and find a way to bridge a vast chasm between the misplaced optimism of the past
and the unpleasant reality of the present.

It is worth pausing to reflect on Bush's trajectory, including his insistence
against all evidence to the contrary that all was well in the best of all
possible worlds: his State of Denial, in journalist Bob Woodward's words.

Thus on May 1, 2003, less than two months into the war, Bush transported himself
to an aircraft carrier standing off the US coast to declare an "end to major
combat operations". He did this standing in front of a banner that proclaimed
"Mission Accomplished".

The White House claimed it had nothing to do with the placement of the "Mission
Accomplished" banner, but like so much other misinformation from the
administration on Iraq, this was not true.

Fast forward to November 4, 2004, when an understandably ebullient Bush
addressed the media after surviving an election that was mistakenly represented
by some as a "sweeping" victory. In fact, Bush won the popular vote comfortably,
but if one state, Ohio, had gone to John Kerry, he would have lost the
presidency.

This relatively narrow victory appeared not to have been regarded by the
president as a warning.

"You asked, do I feel free," he replied to a questioner. "Let me put it to you
this way: I earned capital in the campaign, political capital, and now I intend
to spend it. You've heard the agenda: Social Security and tax reform, moving
this economy forward, fighting and winning the war on terror."

Two years later, with time running out on the Bush presidency, Social Security
and tax reform are dead, and winning the war in Iraq is at best an elusive goal.
True the economy has held up relatively well during the Bush presidency, thanks
to stimulatory tax policies and a war, but a day of reckoning for all the
war-driven profligacy will surely come.

Bush followed his self-confident Rose Garden statement to reporters in November
2004 with assertive 2005 and 2006 State of the Union addresses, even as the war
continued to sour. But listening to the President on those occasions there was
little sign that he realised - against all the evidence - how terribly things
were going.

It will be for historians to judge whether Bush, Cheney, and, yes, John Howard,
lied their way into Iraq, but it is hard to arrive at any other conclusion than
that the President was continuing to delude himself, in other words lie to
himself if not to us.

"Fellow citizens, we are in this fight to win, and we are winning," Bush said 12
months ago. "The road to victory is the road that will take our troops home. As
we make progress on the ground, and Iraqi forces increasingly take the lead, we
should be able to further decrease our troop levels - but those decisions will
be made by our military, not by politicians in Washington DC."

On January 10 this year, Bush unveiled a new "surge" strategy that was initially
opposed by generals in the Pentagon, and certainly ran counter to advice from
the bipartisan Iraq Study Group led by former secretary of state James Baker.

In other words, the decision about troop levels was taken not by the military,
but by the politicians in Washington. Bush's concerns about his legacy overrode
prudence, it seemed - not for the first time, nor probably for the last.

But at least a chastened President exhibited greater realism about circumstances
on the ground - an end to a state of denial, perhaps.

"The situation in Iraq is unacceptable to the American people and it is
unacceptable to me. Our troops in Iraq have fought bravely. They have done
everything we have asked them to do. Where mistakes have been made, the
responsibility rests with me. It is clear we need to change our strategy in
Iraq," Bush said in a statement from the White House library.

These concessions to reality on the ground have come late - probably too late to
save the Bush presidency from history's mordant judgement. Nothing in a
pedestrian State of the Union speech is likely to change the overwhelmingly
negative views of this President.

Tony Walker is the AFR's international editor.

SLUMP IN THE POLLS

Bush's proposals

Energy

Reduce petrol consumption by 20% in next 10 years.

Require 35 billion gallons of renewable and alternative fuels by 2017 to
displace petrol consumption by 15%.

Double the size of the strategic petroleum reserve to 1.5 billion barrels by
2027.

Budget

Seek to restrain spending to halve deficit by 2009.

Military

Increase size of US Army and Marines by 92,000 over five years.

Immigration

Create temporary guest worker program.

Undocumented workers must learn English, pay taxes, pass a background check, and
hold a job to be legalised.

Health

Redirect federal money to states to provide greater access to health insurance.

Tax breaks for buying health cover.

Source: NBC, White House

SLUMP IN THE POLLS
Bush's approval ratings at his
State of the Union addresses

2002 82
2003 54
2004 54
2005 50
2006 39
2007 35

Source: NBC, White House


LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FOUR PHOTOS: Hello; how am I doing; goodbye. The changing faces of
President Bush.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2007 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              441 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                              July 11, 2008 Friday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

DYLAN BAKER MAKES A FEAST OF A CAREER OF LEFTOVER ROLES

BYLINE: By Evan Henerson Staff Writer

SECTION: LA.COM; Pg. L9

LENGTH: 888 words


There's no calculating how many more-recognizable actors have passed on the
roles Dylan Baker eventually got to play.

Baker figures there are many. That's just the nature of business, says the
48-year-old actor -- an ``oh yeah, that guy'' performer if ever there was one.

And he's good at it. Over the course of a 32-year film and TV career, Baker has
played detectives and defense secretaries, principals and pedophiles, with the
occasional role in a blockbuster franchise thrown in for good measure.

``I get offered roles other actors decide, `I don't know what the hell to do
with this,''' says Baker. ``I feel sometimes that I get the leftovers and then
turn them into something interesting.''

The leftovers -- if such they are -- have been bountiful of late. Baker can be
seen as a never-say-die Chicago Cubs fan named Mad Dog opposite Matthew
Broderick in the just released ``Diminished Capacity'' and as the non-favored
son to Ellen Burstyn's Canadian dowager in ``The Stone Angel'' opening in select
theaters today.

Broadway-goers can catch Baker finishing up a run as the straight-man attorney
to Nathan Lane's President Charles Smith in David Mamet's ``November.'' The
Mamet comedy caps a string of three consecutive plays for Baker dating back to
last summer. He'll dive back into TV with the NBC series ``Kings'' with Ian
McShane in September.

Whether Baker was a first or fifth choice for any of these roles is a matter
entirely for casting directors to sort out. But in casting the deceptively calm
Mad Dog, ``Diminished Capacity'' director Terry Kinney thought of Baker
immediately, and used the actor in early script readings that dated back to
2000.

The two actors had shared the stage in a production of Tennessee Williams'
``Sweet Bird of Youth'' in the mid-1980s but had not worked together since. But
Baker is perpetually occupying Kinney's radar.

``Every time I direct, I think of a role for him,'' says Kinney, one of the
founders of Chicago's Steppenwolf Theatre Company. ``He reminds me of Gary
Cooper. I wanted the character to have this quiet, subdued quality, kind of an
Americana, the way Gary Cooper carried himself. Dylan came to me.''

The decision to take the role was a no-brainer, contends Baker, who knows a
little something about the sports obsessed.

``Cub fans are a world unto their own, especially with their long wait for
another championship,'' Baker says. ``All of us have our crosses to bear. I'm a
Redskins fan under the thrall of (coach) Joe Gibbs' ability to produce Super
Bowl appearances. Every year, we start off with, `This new guy's going to bring
us back.'

``There's that sports fan in everybody, and that belief that maybe this time is
different,'' he continues. ``That's what my (`Diminished Capacity') character
gets more than anything: How dare you bring me to that vulnerable spot yet
again!''

``The Stone Angel'' is another reunion. Baker and Burstyn -- longtime friends --
had worked together in the short-lived NBC comedy ``The Book of Daniel.'' An
adaptation of the much-beloved 1964 novel by Margaret Laurence, ``The Stone
Angel'' filmed in Winnipeg in the summer of 2006.

``It was a wonderful set,'' recalls Baker, ``because every single Canadian there
comes up to you and says, `This book is our ``Grapes of Wrath.''' They all had
to read it in elementary school, and it holds a special place in their hearts.''

Baker's Marvin Shipley spends a significant portion of the film trying to place
his 90-something mother, Hagar (played by Burstyn), in a nursing home, before
mother and son reach a kind of resolution.

``My mother, thankfully, is still with us at 92,'' says Baker. ``That whole
triad of mother, wife and son never goes away. It's always there in the family's
makeup. I loved the way the script handled that.''

Baker made his film debut in 1987 in the John Hughes-directed Steve Martin
comedy ``Planes, Trains and Automobiles.'' Moving among film, TV and stage,
Baker was nominated for a Tony Award for his role as a prince in the modern
verse play ``La Bete'' in 1991.

In 1994, producer Steven Bochco's decision to cast Baker as Detective Arthur
Polson in ``Murder One'' threw the actor for a loop.

``I can remember being worried that when I showed up on the set, they were going
to take one look at me and say, `No, no. Not him. I meant the other guy,''' says
Baker. ``I couldn't imagine anybody seeing me as this hard-bitten detective.
Then, for the next few years, all I got offered were FBI guys and hard-bitten
detectives.''

Critics took notice of Baker's performance as a pedophile who rapes two of his
son's friends in Todd Solondz's dark comedy ``Happiness'' (1998). The role
earned Baker an Independent Spirit Award nomination as well as some rather
unique -- and decidedly non-Gary Cooper-esque -- opportunities for future work.

If people are going to recognize him, Baker contends it's usually for his turn
as Dr. Curt ``the Lizard'' Connors in the second and third chapters of
``Spider-Man.''

``Then (fans) jump all over the place and want to get one of my arms as a memory
of it or something,'' Baker says.

``The thing about the franchise, I think, is that Sam Raimi directing all three
of them kept it as an ongoing journey. It didn't kind of fall off in one way or
another. I hope he'll continue on with it.''

Evan Henerson (818) 713-3651

evan.henerson@dailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  (weekend)

GRAPHIC: photo
 Photo: (color) Dylan Baker Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              442 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            January 24, 2016 Sunday

Manning's showing wear, but Pats showing respect

BYLINE: By David Pevear, Special to The Sun

SECTION: SPORTS; News

LENGTH: 706 words


DENVER -- His word choice when praising Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton
Manning was interesting. Patriots coach Bill Belichick this past week said he
will never "underestimate" Manning.

It was almost as if the great coach was acknowledging the many reasons his
estimation of Manning

might be diminished heading into what is widely speculated to be the great
quarterback's last go-round. Belichick certainly must see what we the
unsophisticated see: Manning is not a great quarterback anymore.

Tom Brady's historic rival is merely an experienced quarterback heading into
today's AFC title game versus the Patriots here at Sports Authority Field at
Mile High. Manning is Alex Smith without the wheels -- and even that is probably
an overestimation.

From the right arm that has launched nearly 72,000 yards of completions over 18
years, footballs now wobble. What we have is a 39-year-old junk-ball pitcher
with a surgically fused neck, as well as rib and foot pains. Manning can break
off a mean-looking curveball into the wind. But that is not something an NFL
quarterback wants to do.

Patriots defenders notice Manning's fastball has lost its giddy-up. They will
not be sitting on that diminished heater, however.

"I'm sure he knows that we're looking at that, too, and I'm sure he's going to
protect that," said Patriots linebacker Dont'a Hightower, ever wary of the mind
of Manning. "We're definitely looking at that, and we're hopefully going to take
advantage of that, too."

Though his body is shot to hell, the Manning football mind whirs on -- Omaha!
Omaha! -- able to audible Denver into favorable situations, particularly in the
running game. And that Broncos running game, with Ronnie Hillman and C.J.
Anderson, is indeed a concern, especially coupled with a top-ranked Denver
defense that figures to keep Tom Brady and the Patriots' reinvigorated offense
in the 20s.

With Brock Osweiler subbing for an injured Manning back in November, the Broncos
rushed for 179 yards and beat New England here in overtime.

"Gave up 179 yards. I mean, that's not where we want to be," Belichick said.

The Patriots that night were without highly impactful inside linebacker Jamie
Collins, who more recently left the divisional-round game versus the Chiefs with
a back injury in the second half. Collins is one of 16 New England players
listed as questionable for today's game.

The Chiefs in the divisional round rushed for 135 yards, except 44 of those
yards were by Smith, their quarterback, something we will not see from Manning,
who, by comparison, makes Brady's running look like American Pharoah's.

So overall it is to the reigning Super Bowl champs' advantage that today will be
Brady-Manning XVII instead of Brady-Osweiler II. Osweiler is by no means swift.
But he can move around. And he can hit the deep ball. Broncos coach Gary Kubiak
will hopefully stick to the doomed Manning plan until it is too late.

Safety Devin McCourty said the Patriots always prepare for the possibility of an
opponent's backup quarterback entering the fray.

"But I think our focus really is on Peyton," McCourty added. "You don't want to
spend too much time (preparing for) a backup and let Peyton go out there and
carve us up."

The wiseguys must also know something about Manning. The Broncos are the AFC's
No. 1 seed. They are a team historically great in the thin air of their home
field, including beating the Patriots here in overtime nine weeks ago. Despite
all that -- as well as the Patriots being just 2-6 in Denver during the
Brady-Belichick Reign of Splendor -- the Patriots are three-point favorites.

"Just playing on the road in the NFL is always a difficult task," Patriots tight
end Rob Gronkowski said. "But we're going on the road into Denver."

Gronkowski's last trip to Denver ended with him being carted off the field with
a right knee injury late in the fourth quarter after he was chopped down by
Broncos safety Darian Stewart.

Look out Denver, Gronk is back. (And he is bringing Julian Edelman with him this
time.)

Denver is a tough place to play, essentially because the Broncos are a tough
team to play against. But the home team saddled with the quarterback who used to
be great will have the tougher time today.

Prediction: Patriots 24, Broncos 20

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning and Patriots quarterback Tom Brady, shown
after a Broncos win in Foxboro in 2012, will meet for the 17th time in Denver
today for the AFC championship.AP FILE PHOTO Sun staff photos can be ordered by
visiting our SmugMug site.
Tom Brady knows he faces a still-formidable rival in Peyton Manning when they
meet for the 17th time today in Denver for the AFC championship.AP FILE PHOTO
Sun staff photos can be ordered by visiting our SmugMug site.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              443 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             July 28, 2012 Saturday

Justice at last: Briton convicted of killing Bidve

BYLINE: Ashish Ray

SECTION: UK

LENGTH: 338 words


LONDON: The Manchester crown court on Thursday found a 21-year-old guilty of
killing 23-year-old Indian student Anuj Bidve in the early hours of Boxing Day
last year.

Kiaran Stapleton, who had shot the Indian from Pune in a desolate street in the
suburbs of Manchester, was convicted after a fourweek trial. Stapleton had
described himself as "psycho" in an earlier hearing. He will be sentenced on
Friday.

Subhash Bidve, Anuj's father , said his son had carried with him the hopes and
dreams of the family and was the "kindest and most genuine person on this earth"
.

Media reports said the jury heard that Stapleton had a teardrop tattooed on his
face two days after the shooting, which can indicate the wearer had killed
someone. He said it referred not to the death of Bidve, but to his pet goldfish
and refused to answer questions about it during the trial, claiming he would
receive "animal cruelty letters" in prison.

The prosecution's barrister , Brian Cummings, accused him of mocking the
proceedings, which he denied . Stapleton admitted to his involvement in the
killing when he pleaded guilty to manslaughter on the grounds of diminished
responsibility . But his plea was rejected and the case proceeded to a murder
trial.

The trial was dominated by the issue of diminished responsibility, with
psychological and psychiatric evidence presented to the court by various
experts. The prosecution case was that Stapleton had intended to kill.

Stapleton told the court he "felt nothing" when he realized he had killed
somebody . He said his mind went blank and he turned around and ran. "When I saw
the news the next day I felt nothing ." Nigel Eastman, a forensic psychiatrist,
said he was worried as Stapleton displayed a lack of feelings, adding that he
was rarely made anxious by prisoners.

Lancaster University vice-chancellor said they remembered Anuj Bidve as an
outstanding student and extended the university's deepest sympathies to his
family for their "terrible and lasting loss" .

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              444 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                    November 9, 1993, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

NFL FOOTBALL: Browns shock players by cutting QB Kosar

BYLINE: ED MEYER; AKRON (OHIO) BEACON JOURNAL

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

DATELINE: BEREA, Ohio


The diminishing role played by quarterback Bernie Kosar in the Cleveland Browns'
1993 season reached a climax Monday with the team's stunning decision to cut him
from the club.

The move abruptly ended one of the most successful player careers in Browns
history, the career of the home-town hero from Boardman who manipulated all the
rules so he could come to Cleveland in a special college player draft.

Now the team tied for first place in the NFL's Central Division turns to Todd
Philcox, a seldom-used quarterback who has not thrown a pass all season.

Kosar, who was told of the decision late Monday morning before it was announced
to the team and the media, said from his home in Rocky River: "How ironic is it
that my last pass was a 38-yard post pattern for a touchdown, huh?

He was referring to the Browns' final score in a 29-14 loss to Denver on Sunday.
That game apparently demonstrated to owner Art Modell and coach Bill Belichick
that their quarterback's skills had eroded and he could not take the team where
they wanted it to go.

The decision immediately generated strong emotions and controversy, among fans,
Kosar's teammates and fellow NFL players and coaches.

Modell said he expected backlash from the fans. "All I would say to the fans is
bear with us. We're doing everything we possibly can do to win. We feel this is
the right move, and only time will tell whether our judgment was correct or not.

According to the players, there is only one opinion, only one evaluation that
matters in the Browns' organization, and it belongs to head coach Bill
Belichick.

Challenge him or question him and you're gone, they said Monday.

Defensive tackle Michael Dean Perry said: "It doesn't matter what I think, what
the media thinks, what the fans think. The only thing that matters is what Bill
Belichick thinks. He's the head man. He has the power, and if he feels like
Bernie's skills have diminished, then it's his decision."

Physical skills diminished

Belichick and Modell both said the overriding reason why Kosar was cut was that
his physical skills had diminished.

"Personally, running back Leroy Hoard said, "I don't think he's lost his skills.
I don't think this is about diminishing skills. This is about Bill wanting to go
a certain way, and so that's what he chose to do.

Tackle Tony Jones, who has been a starter on the offensive line since 1990,
called Kosar "a great leader who will be missed. I've been through so many
battles with No.19, it's going to be hard going out there without him. I don't
know what went on between Bill and Bernie. That's between them. All I know is
that Bernie was a big part of this offence. He knew the offence as well as
anybody around here. He was definitely our leader.

It definitely will not be Kosar's last pass in the NFL. Within hours of his
release, he said he already had been contacted by two teams interested in
signing him -- the Kansas City Chiefs of Marty Schottenheimer, ex-coach of the
Browns, and Don Shula's Miami Dolphins.

Under the NFL's new rules, Kosar will become a free agent at 4 p.m. today
provided that he clears the waiver process, a virtual certainty.

If any team claims Kosar on waivers, it must assume the terms of the multiyear,
$ 27-million U.S. contract he formally signed with the Browns on Sept. 28.

In a phone conversation from his home, Kosar said he got a call from wide
receiver Michael Jackson. "He told me: 'Don't let anyone get you down. I know
you can still play. I know you can still throw the ball.' That meant a lot.


LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1993

LENGTH: 594 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AP photo/ Bye-Bye, Bernie: Kosar (left), with John Elway on Sunday, may
surface again

               Copyright 1993 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              445 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 Guardian.com.

                             August 11, 2013 Sunday

A liberal's confession: I actually enjoyed Glenn Beck's latest book

BYLINE: Ana Marie Coxtheguardian.com

LENGTH: 1548 words

ABSTRACT

Ana Marie Cox: His new 'faction', The Eye of Moloch, trades in populist
paranoia, but it shows how Beck's empire is thriving after Fox

FULL TEXT

Politico recently ran a piece checking in on Glenn Beck's post-Fox News career
and came away with a headline that even a non-conspiracy theorist might find
suspiciously dismissive:

Glenn Beck's empire, not influence, grows.

The article describes some of his out-of-the-box ventures (a line of jeans, a
recent performance art extravaganza, a new reality show with Vince Vaughn), and
notes that he made $90m last year, but weighs these achievements against what I
guess Politico considers to be more important: whether Beck is the "lightning
rod, catalyst, political icon" he use to be. As one journalism professor puts
it:

I certainly don't think he's in the zeitgeist now the way he was. I think in
terms of the effect on political discourse, it's diminished.

It's true that Beck's disappearance from national cable news has lessened his
visibility in the sphere that Politico values, but his "becoming more an
entertainment force" has not diminished his political impact; rather, it's
revealed just how deep an impact he intends to have.

Yes, Rush Limbaugh has more listeners. Sean Hannity commands a more impressive
roster of guests. But Glenn Beck has his audience hoarding seeds and gold. They
don't subscribe to his political views, they subscribe to him.

Over the 4 July holiday weekend, 16,000 people sat through a thunderstorm at
Salt Lake City's outdoor arena to see his personal presentation of a three-hour
performance that included, among other flights of fancy, "the Tower of Babel
recreated from the moon's perspective". He is only on the radio for three hours
a day, but his nascent cable network, The Blaze, produces 43 hours of original
programming a week - all of it filtered through Beck's idiosyncratic
paranoid-libertarian outlook.

Forget comparisons of Beck to Rush Limbaugh. It's more apt to say that Beck is
like Fox News' president, Roger Ailes. In fact, that Beck oversees a network in
addition to a curated home-shopping website means we should probably be
comparing him to Oprah. She might market aspirationally: "buy these things so
you can live a beautiful life," but Beck's marketing (of "sun ovens", food
insurance, and canning implements) is more direct: "buy these things so that you
can live."

Beck's paranoid style is familiar to outsiders to the point of parody: the
blackboard, the possibly-for-show glasses, the garbled code words, hidden
symbols and copious tears. I wonder if it was his growth as a reliable punchline
that prompted him to move from Fox to a more insular platform. Since you have to
subscribe to The Blaze to watch his meltdowns and lectures and
meltdown-lectures, there's less chance that someone who disagrees will stumble
upon the madness and expose it. Conspiracy theories thrive in closed systems.

Fiction is the ultimate informational closed system, which may be why Beck has
dabbled so openly in it - that is, you know, writing books that are labeled as
fiction.

I haven't read his Yuletide tear-jerker Christmas books, and you can't make me.
I haven't read Agenda 21, either, though I might yet. It is speculative fiction,
based oh-so-loosely on the United Nations document of the same name so loved by
Beck and his cohort - and based less loosely on a draft of a novel by
Pennsylvania nurse Harriet Parke. According to the book's editor, Parke had
written a perfectly entertaining science fiction novel that was then
contextually hijacked by the addition of Beck's name "into a political lie, a
tool for politicizing people".

With The Overton Window and, just last month, The Eye of Moloch, Beck skipped
the middle man (woman), claiming sole authorship and more directly inviting
readers to consider the books' content to be "faction".

Here's the weird thing: I actually kind of enjoyed them!

Both books cover the ground you'd expect: a small band of dedicated
truth-seekers face a foe with vast resources and almost magical technological
capabilities. They endeavor to "let the people know" and stoke rebellion while
the villains seek to keep the populace ignorant and pliable. They are
gun-hating, data-snooping, internment camp-building statists, and the only
available option left for decent people who want to continue being decent is
armed resistance.

The plot, however, is beside the point. The story is just there as backdrop for
a series of footnotes directing readers to the real story behind such offhand
remarks as:

When I was a little kid, just knee-high to a duck, my daddy introduced me to the
man who killed John Kennedy ... He was a Frenchie, his name was Lucien Sarti,
they call him the badge-man in that one old picture of the grassy knoll.

From Beck's commentary on that passage:

Needless to say, some of the methods and conclusions of the [House Select
Committee on Assassinations] continue to be controversial.

Less salaciously, the mention of appliances that monitor consumption leads Beck
to digress in his notes:

It's not hard to see that smart thermostats could be just the beginning of the
government's intrusion into our homes."

We are given helpful URLs to follow.

I did, however, laugh out loud when he described how a government run by
progressive goons would throw up roadblocks to free speech on the internet by
starting pointless flame wars. In the bowels of a detention center, former
agitators are put to use; an old hand explains their jobs to a newbie:

Lana doesn't say much but she's got some real talent. She mostly works at
stirring up trouble on the blogs, starting comment wars on social news sites,
that sort of thing.

'What's the value of that?'

'Are you kidding? These days it's enormously valuable. With everyone so
connected it's the best place to mess with public opinion. Even though it's all
anonymous, people seem to think they're just talking to a group of friends.
Probably nine out of ten of the user comments you read on some of those sites
are bought and paid for like that ...

'You take an issue, present a strong and reasonable argument for both sides of
the question, and then you proceed to belittle anyone who falls outside the two
groups. ... you've made it seem to the undecided majority that there's really no
right answer, no real choice. You make them feel like outsiders who don't
belong, and that makes them more likely to shut up and stay at home drowning
their sorrows on election day. You make thinking for yourself seem uncool and
socially unacceptable, and nobody wants to be part of that.'

Now that I think about it, it all makes sense.

Beck's books are built on such a thick foundation of bullshit, already bought
and paid for by years of conservative media, that you cannot easily dislodge
their logic. And once you start reading, you've already basically agreed to play
along.

The final big plot twist of "Moloch" turns (belatedly, it's a question that
should have occurred to them right away) on the problem of ontology, of buying
into a worldview versus considering individual claims. The rag-tag band of
freethinkers breaks into the information storage facility that houses the true
story behind, well, basically everything. It's the digital warehouse for the PR
company that Beck puts at the center of the global conspiracy to Do Bad Things
(like incite flame wars or sell bottled water or elect Democrats or ban guns),
and our heroes are on the verge of tapping into its database and unleashing a
torrent of truth about all kinds of things, from the CIA's involvement in crack
cocaine to the Libor rate-fixing scandal to Total Information Awareness.

But wait, says their leader (a woman named Molly Ross):

They'd just scratched the surface and it was way too much already. And at the
same time, it wasn't going to be nearly enough.

The truth behind nearly all these individual revelations - the secret
partnerships, the hidden influence, the lies and corruptions and scandals, the
high crimes against the American people perpetrated by their supposed leaders -
it was already out there on the open internet for anyone to uncover for
themselves.

The problem wasn't a lack of evidence but a basic human bias: we see only what
we're prepared to believe. After all, Molly and her mother and Danny Bailey had
each spoken out on most of these things in the past, and where had it gotten
them? Nowhere, except that two of them were dead and the other was about to play
her last remaining card.

The idea that "we only see what we're prepared to believe" is what both allows
us to dismiss the conspiracy theorist and allows him to dismiss us. And Beck
does wind up dismissing us - anyone who doesn't already agree. After this
climatic scene, the posse heads to the Mountain West, and from there the leader
that remains (Ross is killed by jackbooted thugs, natch) announces:

There'll be no more time wasted in trying to convince people who refuse to get
the message. That's over now; I'm pulling up the gangplanks.

Beck's absolutism is why I don't think you can call these books "propaganda".
Propaganda is designed to convince, these books are designed to incite.

Beck's audience is inherently more limited because his subscribers not
interested in instruction, or even in the appearance of learning more. They're
interested in belief.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies
                              All Rights Reserved
                  Registered in England and Wales. No. 908396
   Registered office: PO Box 68164, Kings Place, 90 York Way, London N1P 2AP


                              446 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             May 29, 2003 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Proposed Safeguards Against TB Dropped;
OSHA Says Disease Is Under Control

BYLINE: Rob Stein, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 616 words


The Bush administration has dropped a plan to require hospitals and other
facilities to protect their workers against tuberculosis, saying the measure is
no longer necessary because the disease is under control.

The move drew harsh criticism yesterday from supporters of the regulations, who
said the measure would have ensured that TB remains under control while also
helping protect against other infectious diseases, such as severe acute
respiratory syndrome, or SARS.

The Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) had proposed a number
of requirements aimed at protecting workers in hospitals, prisons and other
high-risk facilities from TB, such as setting standards for protective
respirators, training and specially ventilated rooms for isolating infectious
patients.

But OSHA on Tuesday announced in the Federal Register that the proposal will be
dropped from the agency's agenda in the fall.

An OSHA spokeswoman said yesterday that the agency decided to drop the proposal
because the resurgence of TB that had prompted it has subsided. In addition, the
spokeswoman said, the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in
Atlanta has guidelines in place that are sufficient.

"The need for a specific OSHA standard has significantly diminished," the
spokeswoman said. "The agency doesn't think a standard is the answer today as it
might have been when it was proposed 10 years ago."

The American Hospital Association, which has long opposed the measure as
unnecessary and costly, agreed. "There are many other regulations and
initiatives that are in place that are quite effective. We just felt like it
wasn't necessary," said Judene Bartley, a consulting epidemiologist for the
association.

But critics said that the CDC guidelines are not mandatory and that there is a
history in the United States of becoming lax about infectious diseases once an
immediate threat appears to have diminished.

"I think it's a poor decision," said Rosemary Sokas, who chairs the American
Public Health Association's occupational health section. "The CDC guidelines are
voluntary. They are not regulations. The high-performing organizations follow
them. But not everybody does because they are not required."

Many hospitals are under increasing pressure to cut costs, and infection control
could easily suffer, Sokas said.

"It's really very clear that people don't automatically do the right thing. The
good ones do. But that's not universally true across all hospitals," said Sokas,
director of the division of environmental and occupational health sciences at
the School of Public Health of the University of Illinois at Chicago.

The precautions that would have been required by the regulations would also have
prevented the transmission of SARS, Sokas said.

"The United States has done extremely well so far. But some of that may be luck.
I don't think it's a reason to sit back and put our feet up," she said.

The move was also criticized by labor unions, such as the American Federation of
State, County and Municipal Employees, and by the American Nurses Association.

"This is a tremendous hit to workers all around the health care industry," said
Butch de Castro, senior staff specialist for the association. "The CDC
guidelines are not enforceable. There's a potential for decreased vigilance,
which is what we've seen historically. A standard would ensure vigilance and
compliance."

De Castro noted that many of the victims of SARS have been health care workers.

"I think considering the potential for droplet airborne transmission of an
infectious agent like SARS, if we had a TB standard out there, that might help
considerably in protecting health care workers," he said.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Washington Post


                              447 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           November 11, 1993 Thursday

BYLINE: Deena Winter

LENGTH: 264 words


Two Linton men are being sued for more than $34,000 for stealing four horses
from Charles Erickson's pasture five miles south of Mandan. The horses were
stolen on March 9 and found in a Long Prairie, Minn., pasture about a month
later.

The horses were taken to Minnesota and sold to a Long Prairie man. When the man
tried to sell one of Erickson's horses, a livestock yard checked the brand and
found out the horse was stolen. Patrick M. Roehrich, 25, and Travis Glass, 21,
were charged with four felony thefts in connection with the stolen horses.
Roehrich recently pleaded guilty to a felony theft charge, but hasn't been
sentenced yet. Glass has pleaded innocent to the charges. The Erickson family
has since filed a civil lawsuit against Roehrich and Glass, alleging that the
value of the horses diminished while they were missing. The civil complaint
claims one of the mares lost a colt during the ordeal and alleges the horses'
health deteriorated while they were gone. Erickson is asking for $4,174 in
actual damages for money he spent trying to find the horses. He also wants
$30,000 in exemplary damages for the injuries suffered by the horses. Roehrich's
attorney, Ralph Vinje, responded to the lawsuit saying Roehrich admits he took
the horses, but denies Erickson's claim that both mares were pregnant. He also
denied the value of the horses diminished and asked the judge to award a
""reasonable amount of the damages'' suffered by the Ericksons. Roehrich was
also charged in Burleigh County with stealing a pregnant registered quarter
horse in rural Bismarck on March 3.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1993 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              448 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           February 21, 2013 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Times Company to Sell New England Media Holdings

BYLINE: By AMY CHOZICK and CHRISTINE HAUGHNEY

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; MEDIA DECODER; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 927 words


9:22 p.m. | Updated

The New York Times Company plans to sell The Boston Globe and other New England
properties, allowing the media company to focus energy and resources on its
flagship newspaper.

The Times Company announced on Wednesday that it had retained Evercore Partners
to manage the sale of the New England Media Group, anchored by The Globe,
Boston.com, The Worcester Telegram & Gazette and Globe Direct, a direct-mail
marketing company.

Mark Thompson, president and chief executive of the Times Company, described The
Globe and The Telegram & Gazette as "outstanding newspapers." In a statement, he
said selling the newspapers "demonstrates our commitment to concentrate our
strategic focus and investment on The New York Times brand and its journalism."

The Times Company paid $1.1 billion for The Globe in 1993, and for years the
Boston daily brought prestige and profits to the company. But recently the
newspaper has suffered in an industrywide decline in circulation and advertising
revenue.

The paper's circulation has diminished by nearly half in the last decade. Monday
to Friday circulation fell from 438,621 in 2002 to 230,351 in September 2012.
The September figure is a slight improvement from the 205,939 weekday
circulation in September 2011, according to the Alliance for Audited Media.

The Times Company is expected to seek a buyer in an auction, but in a news
release said "there can be no assurance that any transaction will take place."

Suitors have approached the Times Company about buying The Globe in the past. In
2009, after the company said The Globe was on track to lose $85 million, Arthur
Sulzberger Jr., chairman of the Times Company, turned down one bid of around $35
million and the assumption of pension obligations for The Globe and The Telegram
& Gazette.

One group of interested investors included Stephen E. Taylor, whose family had
owned The Globe and sold the paper to The Times. Mr. Sulzberger later said The
Globe's finances had turned around and the offers were too low.

The Times Company has in recent years sold assets unrelated to The Times. In
September, IAC/InterActiveCorp paid $300 million for the About Group, which
includes About.com and CalorieCount.com. In May, the Times Company received $63
million for its remaining stake in the Fenway Sports Group, the company that
owns the Boston Red Sox. Last year, the company sold its 16 regional newspapers,
including The Gainesville Sun and The Sarasota Herald Tribune, to Halifax Media
Holdings for $143 million.

Alexia S. Quadrani, an analyst at JPMorgan Chase, said that the sale is welcome
news for investors because it lets the Times Company focus on its core business
and raises the possibility that investors may receive a dividend.

"It helps The New York Times in the sense that they've had some good successes
with the core products," Ms. Quadrani said. "The fact that circulation at the
core New York Times outweighs advertising revenue is a good thing."

Times Company shares closed down 0.4 percent to $9.03 on Wednesday, down from a
52-week high of $11.07 in October.

Globe management has for the last several years tried to shepherd a diminished
newsroom into a digital future, efforts that have showed signs of success.
According to the Times Company, digital subscriptions to The Globe and
BostonGlobe.com grew to about 28,000 subscribers in the fourth quarter of 2012,
an 8 percent increase from the end of September.

The paper has tried other creative means to make up for diminished advertising
and circulation revenue. After The Globe's longtime editor, Martin Baron,
departed in December to run The Washington Post, the Globe's publisher,
Christopher Mayer, hired the popular metro columnist Brian McGrory to replace
him. And as The Globe's need for newsroom space shrank, Mr. Mayer tried to
welcome new partners in the digital world by offering office space to technology
start-up companies that could work with The Globe on investigative articles and
ventures like The Boston Globe's travel show.

"Our business continues to change in many ways," Mr. Mayer said, "and this
process may certainly lead to a significant one, but what isn't changing is our
commitment to our mission and our strategy of informing, entertaining and
engaging our readers."

John Janedis, a research analyst with UBS, said the announcement on Wednesday
raised questions about how much or how little the Times Company would receive
for The Globe today. He estimated that the paper was worth $150 million to $175
million, purely on a cash-flow basis without factoring in pension liabilities.

"Do they sell it at any price to allow them to focus solely on the flagship New
York Times platform, which has a much higher probability of success?" Mr.
Janedis said.

Reporters and editors described the mood in The Globe's newsroom as filled with
nervous anticipation. Scott Allen, senior assistant metro editor, recalled the
anxieties he and his colleagues felt back in 2009. Back then, he said, the Times
Company's former chief executive, Janet L. Robinson, visited The Globe and
assured staff members that there would not be a sale.

"It makes us a little nervous," Mr. Allen said. "We've been through this before.
It's not like these are wildly profitable enterprises," he added, referring to
newspapers. "There's a feeling inside this building that we've worked hard to
reinvent ourselves. Hopefully this is a very different time than 2009 and 2010.
It certainly brings back memories that are not happy ones."

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL:
http://mediadecoder.blogs.nytimes.com/2013/02/20/new-york-times-company-plans-to
-sell-the-boston-globe/

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The Boston Globe, acquired in a $1.1 billion deal by the Times
Company in 1993, is among the properties to be sold. (PHOTOGRAPH BY DARREN
MCCOLLESTER/GETTY IMAGES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              449 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                             July 27, 2006 Thursday

Hearing today on sale delay of dailies

BYLINE: By Josh Richman, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: REVIEW

LENGTH: 652 words


Newspaper companies say they could lose millions, suffer labor strife and
violate a Justice Department order if the $1 billion sale of the San Jose
Mercury News, the Contra Costa Times and other papers is delayed by a lawsuit.

U.S. District Judge Susan

Illston of San Francisco will hold a hearing today on whether plaintiff Clinton
Reilly can have a temporary restraining order postponing the deal's
consummation, and whether McClatchy Co. can intervene in the lawsuit.

Sacramento-based McClatchy recently bought Knight Ridder Corp.'s 32 newspapers
for

$6.5 billion. Among them, the Mercury News and the Contra Costa Times are now to
be sold for $736.8 million to Denver-based MediaNews Group, which owns this
newspaper; and the Monterey County Herald and the St. Paul (Minn.) Pioneer Press
are to be sold for $263.2 million to New York City-based Hearst Corp., owner of
the San Francisco Chronicle.

In a separate, simultaneous pact, Hearst agreed to give the St. Paul and
Monterey papers to MediaNews in return for an equity investment in MediaNews'
non-Bay Area assets. If the government won't approve that, MediaNews will buy
those two papers from Hearst.

Reilly, a San Francisco businessman, political consultant and 1999 mayoral
candidate, sued July 14 to halt the deal, which he says would create a Bay Area
newspaper monopoly with higher subscription and advertising rates and diminished
journalistic quality, jobs and union contracts.

McClatchy wasn't sued but filed a motion Monday to intervene. Vice President and
CFO Patrick Talamantes' declaration says his company borrowed about $3.08
billion to finance the Knight Ridder purchase and needs the MediaNews/Hearst
deal's proceeds to help repay that debt now. His company pays about $163,000 in
interest per day on that $1 billion.

Talamantes also said delaying the MediaNews/Hearst deal means McClatchy might
have to start negotiating new contracts with three unions representing more than
600 Mercury News staffers -- even though it doesn't plan to keep the paper -- or
else face labor unrest. And the Justice Department has required McClatchy, which
already owned the Minneapolis Star Tribune, to get rid of the St. Paul Pioneer
Press within a few months, he noted. This, too, could be delayed.

McClatchy also filed a declaration by economist Andrew Joskow, a former Justice
Department antitrust official, disputing Reilly's claims of higher subscriber
and ad rates or diminished quality.

Reilly filed documents Monday seeking a temporary restraining order while his
lawsuit proceeds.

Loss of competitive news outlets amounts to irreparable harm, he claims, and
it'll be much harder to undo the deal after it's done. He also contends he's
likely to ultimately prove the deal clearly violates antitrust laws.

But in a response filed Tuesday, MediaNews says there's practically no
circulation overlap in Reilly's hometown of San Francisco between papers it
already owns and those it plans to buy, and only minimal overlap in the East
Bay's Tri-Valley area. Lack of overlap undermines claims of potentially inflated
subscriber and ad rates, the company contends, and advertisers who would enjoy
area-wide coverage will suffer if the deal is delayed.

MediaNews also said delaying the deal past July's end means it might have to pay
$23 million more to refinance the $350 million loan it took for the deal, plus
other costs. The state and federal governments' antitrust reviews should be
enough, the brief notes.

McClatchy and MediaNews also filed declarations seeming to attack Reilly's
standing to sue by noting they have no record of his ever having advertised in
or subscribed to the Mercury News or Contra Costa Times.

Hearst also filed a brief arguing Reilly's case is full of holes: Hearst said it
will be only a minority investor in MediaNews' non-Bay Area properties through
this deal, so no monopoly can ensue.

Contact Josh Richman at jrichman@angnewspapers.com .

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              450 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           September 14, 2012 Friday

Phil-good story He may not be a star, but Hughes has been solid starter for
Yanks

BYLINE: Ken Davidoff

SECTION: Sports Extra; Pg. 92

LENGTH: 676 words


BOSTON Scott Podsednik, as good a representative as anyone for this shell of a
Red Sox lineup, swung through a Phil Hughes fastball in the sixth inning last
night, continuing a display of home-team futility at Fenway Park.

For Hughes, though, the K represented something greater. His 147th strikeout of
2012 set a personal best for a single season. That it came amidst a crucial, 2-0
shutdown of the rival Red Sox, albeit a diminished foe, made it all the greater.

No, the Yankees still aren't hitting much with runners in scoring position - the
ailing Derek Jeter, of course, picked up their lone tally in that department -
but they remain tied for first place today thanks largely to Hughes. If the
26-year-old probably will never attain the heights once projected for him, he at
least has re-established himself this season as a valuable starting pitcher.

Manager Joe Girardi's group began its work shift knowing the Orioles outlasted
the Rays in 14 innings, 3-2, jumping a half-game ahead of the Yankees into the
AL East penthouse. A second straight victory - their first multi-game winning
streak since they won three straight from Aug. 13 to Aug. 15 - would be
necessary to avoid second place.

Hughes responded by going 7¹/  scoreless innings, allowing just five hits and a
walk while striking out seven. Again, a lineup already diminished by trades and
injuries looked even weaker without Dustin Pedroia, who took the night off to be
with his wife and newborn son. Yet a pitcher doesn't choose the hitters he
faces, so you tip your cap to Hughes for making the assignment seem as easy as
it should have been. And then you take a step back, look at his entire campaign
and salute, well, his competence.

We know that wins are a poor measure for pitchers. Nevertheless, Hughes'
team-leading 15 victories signify his taking the ball every fifth day and
providing some innings. He lowered his ERA to 3.96. Most significantly, he's at
148 strikeouts and 40 walks for the season, giving him an impressive 3.7
strikeouts-to-walks ratio. That's the best of his big-league career, better even
than his 2009 stint (2.52) as a setup reliever.

Here's another symbolic milestone for the right-hander: Following the 2007
season, the Yankees declined to include Hughes in a trade package for
Minnesota's Johan Santana because 1) they were looking ahead to CC Sabathia's
free agency a year down the road; and 2) they thought Hughes could be pretty
good. Well, Hughes now has 46 wins since the Yankees made that decision. In the
same time period, Santana - since getting traded to the Mets - has   46 wins.

No, Hughes isn't a frontline starting pitcher; he's homer-happy and there are
days when he looks completely lost on the mound. Teams with championship
aspirations just need pitching, though; they can't afford to be too picky. And
right now, Hughes looks like someone who can be tabbed as the Yankees' Game 4
starter in the playoffs, should they qualify.

Yup, the Yankees' offense remains inconsistent and worrisome, though their one
big inning fell apart when - with one run already in, one out and men on first
and third in the fourth - Curtis Granderson ripped a line drive right to Boston
first baseman James Loney, who snared it and stepped on first for the
inning-ending double play. It brought to mind the words of Yankees hitting coach
Kevin Long from before the game.

"How are their at-bats? Are they getting good pitches?" Long said, detailing his
checklist for hitters. "Are they trusting their swing and what they're doing?
Are they squaring balls up? Are they not squaring balls up? I'm kind of going
more off that. A lot of times, we get caught up in, did they get a hit or didn't
they get a hit?"

You could apply the same logic to a starting pitcher: We fall into the trap of
whether he recorded the win, instead of whether he pitched well. Hughes did both
last night, and so the Yankees stay even with the pesky Orioles. They head home
feeling good about themselves and even better about Hughes.

ken.davidoff@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: innings eater: Despite some inconsistency, Phil Hughes picked up his
team-leading 15th victory in the Yankees' 2-0 win over the Red Sox last night at
Fenway Park.  Anthony J. CausiAnthony J. Causi

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              451 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     September 9, 2005 Friday Home Edition

GAS PRICES: Panicky motorists only make matters worse

BYLINE: TEX PITFIELD

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 15A;

LENGTH: 523 words


The fuel shortage in Atlanta is severe, and the calming comments uttered by the
governor's office and various other public entities are both misleading and
inaccurate. It is very easy to make general peace-of-mind statements, but these
have misled the public, luring them into a false sense of security.

My employees are on the front line, driving gasoline tankers and delivering
gasoline and diesel fuel to thousands of customers in North Georgia. We are
unable to load as much as 60 percent of our customers' normal orders because the
supply over the last two weeks has been significantly diminished. Those
inventories that remain are being held back to avoid complete depletion.

The petroleum terminals are behaving in a responsible and completely
self-preserving manner and they should be commended for their actions. It is a
form of self-imposed rationing and I applaud it, although it is causing the
distribution end nothing but grief.

Although Gov. Sonny Perdue and his cronies say that the worst is over, nothing
could be further from the truth. They tell us fuel is readily available. Really?
Try loading trucks at the terminals, where the reality is that fuel is at
greatly diminished quantities, if available at all.

The infrastructure has been tremendously damaged. Pipelines were curtailed
before Katrina and were only partially restarted several days thereafter, at a
severely diminished volume. Refining capabilities are reduced by perhaps 30
percent and it is not known how long this will last. How gracious of the federal
government to release oil from the Strategic Reserves. But how do we refine it?

Prior to the panic run of Aug. 31, for the most part, all retail gas stations in
the Atlanta area had enough inventory to maintain normal business. Even with the
pipeline shut down, there was enough stock in the system to keep all of the
stores replenished over the next several weeks until the pipeline and refineries
returned to some aspect of normal working capacity.

August 31 changed all of that. Unnecessary refueling caused extraneous and
needless shortages.

There are not enough trucks in Atlanta to replenish the tremendous drain on
inventory that has occurred in the past two weeks. We cannot catch up with this
demand.

My solution, perhaps draconian to some, would be to suspend school for a few
days or a week, implement odd/even allocations and restrict pump purchases to
$25 per person.

Eliminating the state fuel tax was farcical. If the state had the foresight to
see the true issues at hand, it would raise the tax. We need to decrease rather
than increase sales.

What we have considered a widely available commodity is not what it was two
weeks ago. For the foreseeable future, a month or perhaps even a year or more,
we must greatly reduce our driving by telecommuting, car pooling, and buying
more fuel-efficient vehicles. If you do not need to drive, don't.

Atlanta is not out of gas in any way, but if the general public persists in
consuming a depleted supply at this insatiable rate, the worst-case scenario may
likely come to be, and it will not be pretty.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Column

                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              452 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             August 30, 2013 Friday

Trial for Utah man accused of double murder delayed

BYLINE: By Jessica Miller The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 481 words


Ogden   A September trial for a man accused of killing a Roy mother and son more
than three years ago has been postponed until next year as defense attorneys
explore possible mental issues.

Jeremy Lee Valdes, 36, is charged in 2nd District Court with two counts of
capital murder for the deaths of Matthew Roddy, 30, and Pamela Knight Jeffries,
53. He is also charged with second-degree felony obstructing justice, and
joyriding and two counts of abuse or desecration of a human body, all
third-degree felonies.

On Thursday, 2nd District Judge Mark DeCaria granted a continuance of next
month's setting, and rescheduled the seven-week trial to begin June 3, 2014.

In the Valdes case, defense attorney Randall Marshall told a judge Tuesday they
have three concerns they want to address: whether Valdes' confession to police
was voluntary, whether he has a diminished mental capacity, and whether a mental
defect may have resulted in a "false confession" by Valdes.

After an MRI and other tests, a defense expert concluded that Valdes has
"frontal lobe executive dysfunction," which impairs Valdes' ability to plan,
organize or execute a goal. This may allow Valdes to raise a "diminished mental
capacity defense," his attorneys wrote in a motion asking for the trial delay.

Weber County Attorney Dee Smith told the judge on Tuesday that prosecutors have
issues with the expert and may try to disqualify him.

Also Tuesday, Deputy Weber County Attorney Branden Miles objected to the delay
and read aloud from letters written by the victims' families.

"I really need some kind of closure," Miles read from a letter written by
Roddy's father, Christopher Roddy. "It's like a slap in the face to keep this
going on."

But on Thursday, Smith told the judge that while the victims' families were not
happy about the continuance, they understand why more time is needed. "They want
it done right, and they want it done once," Smith said.

Before postponing the trial, DeCaria asked Valdes directly if he accepted that
he would sit in the Weber County jail at least until next June. Valdes said he
understood, and waived his right to a speedy trial.

"I feel for Matt and Pam's family," Valdes told the judge. "I feel for everyone
in this case. I don't want to further their pain in any way, but I do want a
fair trial."

On Nov. 25, 2009, Valdes allegedly fatally stabbed Roddy during an argument
about stolen prescription drugs. Police believe Valdes then beat Jeffries,
Roddy's mother, before leaving her unconscious with a plastic trash bag around
her head, and stuffing her and Roddy into a closet.

Miranda Statler, Valdes' girlfriend, was charged with moving the bodies,
stealing Matthew Roddy's car and lying to police. She pleaded guilty in 2010 to
obstructing justice and was sentenced to prison for up to 15 years.

Weber County prosecutors are seeking the death penalty for Valdes.

all.justice@sltrib.com

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Courtesy image Jeremy Valdes

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              453 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                             August 12, 2012 Sunday

Your Views

SECTION: OPINIONS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 1033 words


Romney is desperate It is sad to see how low Mitt Romney has fallen. He was a
successful businessman and governor, but now is reduced to telling lies in order
to please his far-right base. He is uncomfortable doing this because he does not
even like or respect them.

Romney said recently that President Barack Obama is "gutting" welfare reform.
This is from the same guy who asked for this exact type of flexibility when he
was governor of Massachusetts. Romney does not like to talk about those days,
though. All credible fact-checkers have said this is a complete lie, but Romney
continues to say it. There is no opinion or ideology here, just straight up
lies.

If he unabashedly lies about this, what else has he lied about? Can we trust a
known liar as president? Mitt Romney will say or do anything to become
president. - C. Michael Peterson, Springfield Romney needed in government Mitt
Romney may very well lose this election, but there is still an important place
for him in our government.

His father told him to make a lot of money and then run for president. He did
what his dad said, but in the process Romney got distracted by the glory and the
glamour. Everyone makes mistakes.

Nevertheless, Romney is well-suited to reform the U.S. tax code and to restore
the financial security of this great country. That would deserve a gold medal. -
Dan Lutkowski, Springfield Give teachers voice in reform We represent a small
faction of retired teachers who worked in good faith and in accordance with the
state constitution to pay into a pension program and an insurance program that
would support us for the rest of our lives.

Now, the very governing bodies who abused that agreement for the past 24 years
by not contributing their mandated share are ready to make arbitrary changes to
that agreement.

Why are they ignoring Article 13, Section 5 of the Illinois Constitution? It
says, "Membership in any pension or retirement system of the state, any unit of
local government or school district, or any agency or instrumentality thereof,
shall be an enforceable contractual relationship, the benefits of which shall
not be diminished or impaired."

Have they forgotten that retired teachers are not eligible to receive Social
Security benefits and depend solely on the Teachers' Retirement System for their
livelihoods?

The reform process is missing a key component: Negotiations amongst affected
parties. As the reform issues were being addressed, where were those who
represent the retirees whose pensions would be diminished?

In October 2011, representatives from three major teacher organizations met with
legislators, indicating a willingness to work on a solution. Unfortunately,
their input has been disregarded. We feel their readiness to work with the
legislators to find an affordable, sustainable and constitutional solution
should be acknowledged.

When the General Assembly reconvenes, we implore the leaders to include the
teacher representatives in the deliberations. - Nancy Schaljo, president,
Moultrie County Retired Teachers Association Pension promise is a contract Evan
Mahan's recent letter regarding the state's pension problems refers to pensions
as "a promise" in the first paragraph and a "contract" in the second. Those
promises are a contract and it's a contract that is guaranteed by the Illinois
Constitution.

The employees have plenty of suggestions and are more than willing to be a part
of the solution but they just don't believe it's fair that the victims of what
is at best political malfeasance and at worse blatant corruption are the only
ones being ask to suffer to shore up the state's financial problem.

The whole idea of a pension system was a political strategy. It was a way to
avoid the immediate spending of raises for the promise of a pension in 30 years.

I'd like to point out the deficits to those pensions was a direct result of
politicians making the promise of no new taxes for year after year (especially
Rod Blagojevich), but the spending spree continued unabated. The money had to
come from somewhere. It came from those pension funds.

Instead of putting in their share of the funds as promised, politicians chose to
ignore their responsibility and defer it to a later date. Year after year, they
continued to borrow and steal from those workers to keep their promise to voters
and they knew the whole time that there would be a day of reckoning, but it
would be sometime down the road and they would be off spending their retirement
that they did take care to adequately fund.

A promise is a promise, but a contract is a promise protected by law. - Ron
Kruger, Athens Alarmed by Chatham salaries I believe there is a great flaw in
the structure of the budget in the village of Chatham. I am referencing the
administrative salaries being paid.

Last year, I became alarmed at the increases awarded to our village
administrative employees. Ordinance No. 11-26 provided for a 3 percent raise for
all non-contract employees. While 3 percent may sound small, the result was that
one individual would be paid $99,807 for the fiscal year, at least three others
would make $85,000 or more and one other would make more than $80,000.

What am I missing with these comparisons? I'll let you do the math. Benefits, of
course, are over and above these figures. This fiscal year, the same employees
received another 3 percent increase via ordinance No. 12-17.

Folks, we are a community of 11,500 citizens, according to the last U.S. Census.
I could not believe we had salaries in this range. So to see if I was missing
the boat with current salary structures, I contacted Jacksonville and
Taylorville to do some comparisons.

Jacksonville, population 19,500, did not have one employee earning $90,000 or
more. Taylorville, population, 11,250, did not have anyone earning more than
$60,000.

What is happening is that services once provided for in the budget are now being
passed back to the citizens in the form of fees or pleas for contributions. One
example is the July 4 fireworks display. Another is the fall cleanup. With sound
financial planning, perhaps other projects beneficial to Chatham citizens could
be enacted. - John C. "Chuck" Wehmhoff, Chatham

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney campaigns recently in Des
Moines, Iowa. CHARLES DHARAPAK/THE ASSOCIATED PRESS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              454 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                             April 28, 1995, Friday

STATE FARM, FARMERS UNITS DOWNGRADED BY A.M. BEST

BYLINE: From Wire and Staff Reports

SECTION: INSURANCE, Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 358 words

DATELINE: OLDWICK, N.J.


A busy A.M. Best Co. lowered ratings this week on property/casualty units of
State Farm Mutual Automobile Co. and Farmers Insurance Group.

State Farm Fire & Casualty Insurance Co. and State Farm General Insurance Co.,
both subsidiaries of Bloomington, Ill.-based State Farm, were downgraded from
Best's highest rating of "A++" to "A+," its second-highest rating. Jack Snyder,
senior vice president of Best's property/casualty division, said the downgrades
reflected continued poor underwriting results, exposure to atastrophe losses and
diminished capitalization.

He said Best views the companies' rating outlook as negative and subject to
continued downward pressure, given ongoing exposure to catastrophe losses,
diminished capital, and the extended period required to replenish its lost
surplus from volatile earnings in the future.

However, he said, State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co. and two of its
subsidiaries, State Farm County Mutual Insurance Co. of Texas and State Farm
Lloyds, had their "A++" ratings affirmed.

Jerry Parsons, a State Farm spokesman, said the downgrade was expected,
considering the company's losses of $ 3.6 billion from 1992's Hurricane Andrew
and $ 2.5 billion from the Northridge, Calif., earthquake in 1993.

"When you add up those kinds of numbers, it is clear what happened," he said.
"But the 'A+' rating is still among the best in the industry."

Catastrophe losses also contributed to the downgrade to "B++" from "A-" of the
Los Angeles-based Farmers, said Eric M. Simpson, vice president of the Best P/C
division.

The lower rating applies to eight intercompany pool members, led by Farmers
Insurance Exchange, and five affiliates that are substantially reinsured by the
lead company.

The downgrade, which follows a lowering of the group's "A" rating to ''A-" last
June, reflects the group's record 1994 operating losses, continuing exposure to
potential earthquake losses, high underwriting leverage and diminished quality
of capital, with 40 percent of its surplus comprised of debt-like surplus notes,
said Mr. Simpson.

A Farmers spokesman was unavailable for comment.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1995 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              455 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           February 20, 2016 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Millrose Games' Glamour Is Diminished; Prestige Is Not

BYLINE: By LINDSAY CROUSE

SECTION: Section D; Column 0; Sports Desk; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 741 words


If athletes are talented enough to land a coveted spot in the Millrose Games,
the elite annual indoor track meet taking place Saturday in Manhattan, they are
participating in a relic from a golden era of track and field -- one when top
athletes were knighted, runners were timed by tuxedo-clad men with gold
timepieces and thousands of spectators cheered them on.

But these days, the meet can be as much about traditional prestige as about
modern indignities. It is no longer broadcast long into the night to audiences
across the country, but, rather, is staged in the afternoon. Instead of racing
before 18,000 fans on the tight boards at Madison Square Garden, athletes
compete before 4,000 on the capacious 200-meter banked track at the New Balance
Track & Field Center in the 168th Street armory in Upper Manhattan.

But these shifts make the drive of those who come to compete in what was once
called the ''indoor Olympics'' -- and those who turn up to watch them -- seem
that much stronger. That devotion is perhaps nowhere more on display than in the
flagship event at Millrose, the Wanamaker Mile.

''The Millrose Games has always been an institution in track and field, and the
Wanamaker Mile is the marquee event,'' said Ryan Lamppa, founder of an
organization called Bring Back the Mile. ''It's all about the fastest people in
this country breaking four minutes indoors under that roof. There's something
about it that still has magic, an achievement Americans of any age group can
grasp and understand.''

This year, the men's event will feature a rematch between two of the fastest
milers in the sport: Matthew Centrowitz, 26, of Eugene, Ore., and Nick Willis,
32, of New Zealand. It will be the latest installment of a rivalry that led them
to run the fastest indoor miles in the world last year in the Wanamaker.

''This rivalry, this thing we've been having in the mile over the past couple
years is bringing out the best in us,'' Centrowitz said. ''It wouldn't be a
meaningful achievement if I wasn't beating great athletes.''

In last year's Wanamaker, Centrowitz and Willis raced stride for stride over the
final yards with Centrowitz outdueling Willis to win in 3 minutes 51.35 seconds
to 3:51.46.

Willis, who with a personal best of 3:49.83 is the fastest miler in the field,
is very likely approaching the end of his mile-racing career. He has finished
second in this race twice and third twice but has never won what many consider
to be the most coveted indoor mile title. He said he returned to the Millrose
from New Zealand for another go because he was ''desperate'' to win.

It is a deep mile field. Even the second-tier Armory Invitational Mile is
packed, with all 13 runners entered having broken four minutes.

The Wanamaker has long been a showcase for rising and fading track careers. This
year, Bernard Lagat, 41, will not compete after setting a world record for
runners 40 and older, 3:54.91, when he finished fourth in last year's race. A
naturalized American from Kenya, Lagat won the Wanamaker a record eight times,
the last in 2010, surpassing ''the Chairman of the Boards,'' Eamonn Coghlan of
Villanova and Ireland. Alan Webb put himself on the map at the armory track in
2001 when he broke Jim Ryun's high school mile record. He closed his track
career in the 2014 Wanamaker.

Webb has been a mentor to one of the most promising new milers, 18-year-old Drew
Hunter of Loudoun Valley High School in Virginia, who will run against
collegiate and professional milers in the invitational field. On the same track
two weeks ago in the Armory Track Invitational, Hunter ran 3:58.25 to break
Webb's high school boys' indoor mile record. He and Webb are the only two
American high school boys to break four minutes indoors. Hunter also set the
American high school indoor record for 3,000 meters this year.

The featured women's mile field will include the defending champion, Shannon
Rowbury, who won by three seconds last year in 4:24.32 and is chasing Mary
Slaney's American record, 4:17.55, set in 1980. She will be challenged by the
recent breakout stars Kerri Gallagher and Nicole Tully.

Another notable rivalry will be rekindled in the women's 5,000, when the
Americans Molly Huddle and Emily Infield line up in a rematch of the 10,000 in
last year's outdoor world championships in Beijing. In that race, Huddle raised
her arms in celebration and Infeld passed her at the finish line for the bronze
medal.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/20/sports/millrose-games-glamour-is-
diminished-prestige-is-not.html

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Matthew Centrowitz, at left after winning the Wanamaker Mile at
the Millrose Games last year, and Nick Willis, after winning a mile race Sunday
in Boston, are two of the top milers. Their rivalry will resume on Saturday in
the Wanamaker in Manhattan. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY KARSTEN MORAN FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES

 MADDIE MEYER/GETTY IMAGES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              456 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Hartford Courant

                           September 18, 2016 Sunday
                                   1 Edition

Yankees-Red Sox notebook

BYLINE: Courant wire services

SECTION: SPORTS; E; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 695  words


BOSTON - In the span of a year, Hanley Ramirez has gone from fastball prey to
fastball hunter.

In his first 229 games as a member of the Red Sox, from last April through Aug.
29, Ramirez hit exactly zero home runs on pitches with a velocity of 94 mph or
faster. In his last 16 games, he has launched four of them, with three - a
444-foot blast against Joe Biagini of the Blue Jays last Sunday, the 426-foot
walk-off against Yankees closer Dellin Betances on Thursday and the 442-foot
rocket against Luis Cessa on Friday - coming in the span of six days.

"He's fire right now. He's torching the ball. He's hitting the ball all over the
place. He's hitting the ball in clutch situations," teammate Jackie Bradley Jr.
said of Ramirez, who had three hits on Saturday. "He's been the guy this past
week and it's been fun to watch."

That Ramirez has arrived at this point represents a development that would have
been virtually impossible to predict a year ago. In the age of big velocity,
Ramirez featured a potentially fatal deficiency in 2015.

He simply couldn't catch up to good fastballs, resulting in a ruthless pattern
of attack by opposing pitchers as the season wore on. He hit just .236 against
heaters, with fewer than half of his homers (8 of 19) coming on them.

A few elements came into play. Ramirez became over-muscled, in a way that seemed
to inhibit the quick-twitch athleticism that allowed him to get to pitches of
any type, velocity and location in the past. With diminished bat speed, he had
to cheat to get to fastballs, eventually making him vulnerable to off-speed
pitches as well.

Moreover, Ramirez geared his swing for power, his one-handed finish signaling an
all-or-nothing approach. And, of course, an early season injury in which he hit
his left shoulder on the wall down the left field line at Fenway Park further
diminished his explosiveness as a hitter.

How much did the shoulder injury impact his ability to get to fastballs? "A
lot," Ramirez acknowledged.

That said, the abandonment of a compact approach in favor of a pull-happy swing
with a big finish represented perhaps an even bigger issue. He has addressed it
the second half of the season, during which he's launched 18 of his 26 homers.
He's found that a lower hand position lets him be more direct to the ball. His
two-handed finish better permits him to react to pitches where they're thrown
while driving the ball to all fields.

"My swing is shorter - it's shorter and powerful. [Manager John Farrell] was
telling me all year, it was really powerful, and he wants me to stay right
there. I've been able to do that," Ramirez said.

Romine's Misery

Austin Romine singled sharply in his first at-bat against David Price and hit a
two-run double off the Boston lefthander in his second.

All of which meant nothing to the backup catcher, still angry at himself for a
job poorly done, he felt, behind the plate in the seventh.

With the scored tied at 5, two outs and runners at second and third, Adam Warren
threw a 1-and-1 curveball that skipped in front of the plate and skipped away
from Romine. Mookie Betts came in from third to make it 6-5.  Ramirez, on
second, saw Romine seem to put his head down in disappointment and tried for
home. Romine, who said he saw Ramirez all the way, tagged him out at the plate.

"Didn't do my job, plain and simple," Romine said. ... Billy Butler, acquired
Friday and 2-for-4 with a homer and four RBI in his first two games as a Yankee,
started at first base Saturday. "Trying to get as much offense as we can,"
Girardi said. Girardi decided to sit Mark Teixeira. "Tex, it's been hard to play
him day games after night games, it's just been hard to do," he said. "He played
Tuesday, his neck locked up Wednesday and Thursday, [so I] couldn't play him."

Praise From Other Dugout

Asked Saturday morning what has stood out about the Yankees since they committed
to a youth movement in early August, Red Sox manager John Farrell had an answer
at the ready.

"They've got one hell of a catcher," Farrell said, referencing Gary Sanchez.

Farrell, a former big-league pitcher, cited the rookie's bat, but also his
defensive work, which he said was "better" than expected.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              457 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 10, 2016 Wednesday

Dollars and Sense? Municipalities wrestle with disconnect between state revenue
sharing and the economy

LENGTH: 1408  words

DATELINE: New York



 Lansing:The Michigan Economic Developers Association has issued the following
press release:



 As Michigan's private sector continues to expand, municipal executives remain
concerned that the state's local units of government have limited options to
share in that growth.



 State revenue sharing, historically one of the largest streams of income for
Michigan's local units of government, has diminished significantly over the last
two decades, only picking up somewhat in recent years, according to municipal
government experts.





 "The state has turned revenue sharing into a gift, and that's not how it used
to be," said Anthony Minghine, associate executive director and chief operating
officer of the Ann Arbor-based Michigan Municipal League (MML). "This isn't some
benevolent act. This is supposed to be a part of how cities get funded."



 Recent data released by the MML show that four West Michigan counties --
Allegan, Kent, Muskegon and Ottawa -- lost more than $312 million from 2003 to
2015 as a result of diminished revenue sharing from the state.



 Ask municipal executives about that loss of dollars, and they'll note those
funds could have gone for core services such as police and fire departments,
mass transit improvements or other economic development initiatives. Instead,
they're left with trying to figure out how to provide those services with less
help from the state.



 "What we need is a system that tracks with the economy," Minghine said. "Now
we're in a recovery so you'd expect that &hellip; cities would share in the
recovery, and (they) don't."



 As economists caution that some sort of economic downturn looms in the coming
year or two, municipal stakeholders warn many local governments around Michigan
could find themselves in trouble. "They're not able to take advantage of that
growth because the revenue stream coming into the city &hellip; doesn't
translate into revenue that allows cities to make sure they have adequate, basic
services," said Eric Scorsone, an economist, associate professor and founding
director of the MSU Extension Center for Local Government Finance and Policy. "I
think there's a real danger if there's a recession -- there will be a recession
-- that (cities) are on a thin margin. They don't have a lot of reserves."



 'SCARCE RESOURCES'



 State revenue sharing has served as a source of funding for Michigan cities for
decades.



 The state started doling out taxed revenue -- largely from sales taxes -- to
local units of government back in the late 1930s, according to Scott Buhrer,
chief financial officer for the City of Grand Rapids.



 However, the cuts began in the 1990s and have occurred consistently under both
Democratic and Republican-controlled state governments, Scorsone said.



 According to MML data, the state revenue sharing dollars for Grand Rapids alone
decreased about $83 million during the 12-year period from 2003 to 2015.



 Historically speaking, about 60 percent of revenue raised by the state was
distributed to local units of governments, according to a 2012 study by Citizens
Research Council of Michigan, a Lansing-based nonpartisan research group.



 It wasn't until 2012 that the state began modestly increasing those
allocations. And while municipal advocates applaud the state's decision to boost
revenue sharing, they also say it's unlikely the funding will ever return in
full.



 "It's not going to happen," Scorsone said, adding that funds were diverted to
take care of crises like Flint's water and the Detroit Public Schools. "(Full
revenue sharing is) not feasible."



 Even with revenue sharing picking up, the state would need to provide an
additional $400 million to fund the local units at historical levels, he said.



 Given the pressure on state and local units of government to maintain balanced
budgets, there are  just not enough resources to go around, according to sources
contacted for this report.



 "The business of government is important, but it tends to be in the business of
scarce resource allocation," said Andy Johnston, vice president of government
and corporate affairs at the Grand Rapids Area Chamber of Commerce. "That will
continue to be a struggle of government at all levels."



 In times of diminishing revenue, Michigan's local units of government have few
options to boost funds to continue providing the needed services: Under state
law, municipalities cannot levy their own gas, alcohol or local sales taxes.



 "The problem is we don't give local options and we're not really fully funding
revenue sharing," Scorsone said. "It seems like you would do one or the other --
we're not doing either. Most states do one or the other: Raise whatever money
you think you need or we the state will give you adequate money. That's the
dilemma here, I think."



 A FOCUS ON VOTERS



 Those restrictions have made many of the state's local units of government
reliant on ballot initiatives as a method of boosting revenue.



 While the state Legislature has largely opposed ballot initiatives to raise
taxes and create revenue for municipalities, Buhrer finds that ironic given
Lansing has made it difficult for cities like Grand Rapids to make up for lost
funding elsewhere.



 "Their very actions almost force locals to increase taxes," Buhrer said. "If
you're at a local level, you can't escape the irony of that position."



 In some cases, ballot initiatives have drawn the ire of members of the
Lansing-based Michigan Chamber of Commerce, said Tricia Kinley, the
organization's senior director of tax and regulatory reform.



 "While our membership is sympathetic, they also contribute very generously,"
Kinley said.



 The statewide chamber and many of its members feel that the more than 2,800
local units of government in the state should consolidate services before
seeking to increase revenue and asking for higher taxes, she said.



 "(Our members) deserve to know whether they're getting the most bang for their
buck. You can't help but wonder if there's some sort of redundancy," Kinley
said. "Our members want to see well-functioning local government, but there
seems to be some resistance to really buckling down."



  'SAVING OURSELVES'



 In Grand Rapids, Buhrer has a long memory when it comes to West Michigan's
largest city and its tumultuous relationship with the state over decreases to
revenue sharing.



 A decade ago, Buhrer and other city leaders would hold press conferences
outside City Hall "to rail against the most recent raids" on the state's revenue
sharing obligations.



 "But at the end of the day, what we concluded was, no one is going to save us
but ourselves," Buhrer said. "Rather than continuing to squawk about the cuts in
state revenue sharing, we put our full attention on transforming our
organization and learning to live with the new reality, as harsh as what it may
be. We certainly never approved of, nor did we condone (the cuts) or agree to
stop fighting for state revenue sharing. But we realized that our voice was
falling on deaf ears."



 Rather, the city worked to transform its fiscal situation, negotiating with its
unions and focusing on stability in its long-term pension obligations, according
to Buhrer. As a result, Grand Rapids went from projected deficits of more than
$30 million to reserves of about $30 million.



 "I think that the city's financial condition right now is more solid than it
has been in anybody's collective memory," he said. "We are in much better
position in terms of our ability to sustain services when the next economic
downturn comes."



 Several sources contacted for this report applauded cities like Grand Rapids
and other municipalities that have taken steps to put their fiscal houses in
order. While Grand Rapids may stand out as one such example, sources say they
remain concerned about the health of many communities around the state.



 To Minghine of the MML, it's a clear choice between providing local government
services that could be attractive to private investors even in tough conditions,
or choosing not to do that.



 "If you diminish services, you diminish value, (and) that only brings in less
revenue," Minghine said. "We need a clear system that will track with the
economy and share in a prosperous economy. We don't have that right now. We
should be investing rather than disinvesting. We keep deferring investment. That
all comes home to roost."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              458 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Sunday News (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            December 22, 2013 Sunday

That Click Of The Keyboard May Have Consequences

BYLINE: Chloe Vassot, 18 / Teen Editorial

SECTION: E; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 819  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


BY CHLOE VASSOT, 18

Freestyle Staff Writer

freestyle@lnpnews.com

If you are a teenager lucky enough to be in the midst of senior year, you
probably understand all of the many joys of applying to college.

You also probably understand (and can repeat from memory) the main points of the
classic "be careful what you put on the Internet" lecture.

We have heard the spiel (repeatedly) from teachers, parents and the media, since
the time adults realized kids knew more about the Internet than they did (which
was long, long ago). Now, as college and the beginning of adulthood is near,
those Internet warnings are starting to become relevant.

As it turns out, online social media has officially entered the college
admissions arena.

According to new research from Kaplan Test Prep, the percentage of college
admissions officers who have Googled an applicant or checked his or her social
media profile has risen to 30 percent from the barely 10 percent Kaplan reported
in 2008.

Obviously, 30 percent does not encompass the majority of college admissions
officers, but the increase in the presence of social networking - an area
previously disregarded by colleges making decisions about students' acceptances
- is what is notable and of the most importance.

The vice president of Kaplan says that the "perceived taboo of admissions
officers checking applicants online has diminished." In short, it is becoming
increasingly acceptable for college admissions officers to look beyond a
student's submitted official application and turn to the Internet to learn about
a student - even if a student thinks his or her online actions and posts have no
effect on an admissions decision.

This is something that all teens - current high school seniors and underclassmen
alike - need to know. As it is highly unlikely that the Internet will ever have
a diminished presence in our lives, we can assume that our actions online now
will only continue to impact our futures.

Obviously, this can be a scary thing for teens to realize. We've been told what
we post online will affect us when we have to get jobs, in that distant time
that always seems about 10 years away and hard to imagine. Now our online
activity can start affecting our immediate futures. It's a daunting thing to
realize that responsibility for our actions - even the ones that society has
accepted and perceived as youthful mistakes - must be accepted much earlier than
ever before. The Internet, it turns out, is not a forgetful thing.

The main issue with the new impact of students' social media activities on
college admissions decisions is that admittance processes are not exactly
renowned for their transparency. Students don't know which schools are taking
social media into account or how heavily information found on social media is
weighted in a college's ultimate decision. Some schools are deciding to ignore
social media entirely; others not so much. The lack of definite answers is
certainly no help to anxious students.

The New York Times reported that most schools, even if they do take a student's
online profile into account, don't have a formal policy about how that
information should be used. There is no cheat sheet or helpful chart that can
measure the impact two unfortunate photos or one rude comment online will have
on an admissions decision.

There is also the problem of false information online. The Internet can make
either the truth or lies accessible to all, and the effect on a teen's future
can be drastically different, depending on which information an admissions
officer finds. You always hope that such online misinformation is rare, but it
would be the height of misfortune if a student was denied admission to a school
because of an Internet lie.

Fortunately, there is some good news to be found in this dire social media
situation: Teens, in general, seem to be becoming more aware and more cautious
about what they're putting online.

In Kaplan's survey of college-bound high-schoolers, 50 percent said they would
be "not at all concerned" if a college admissions officer searched for them
online. Teenagers can be impulsive and make questionable decisions at times, but
they are also extremely tech-savvy, and those skills and common sense seem to be
prevailing online.

As always when dealing with the Internet, the best bet is the safest bet. When
dealing with the convergence of social media and college admissions, teenagers
need to remember to make smart choices and stay aware of their presence online.
What you post today could not only affect you in 10 years, but immediately.

And don't make the mistake of assuming college admissions officers are new to
the whole Internet thing: Many admissions officers are young, recent college
grads who know just as much about Twitter as you do.

The world of social media has officially entered the world of young adulthood,
and teenagers need to be prepared to make the smart decisions to face it.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Metro Creative Connection Think Before You Post That Photo Or Comment
On Social Media. According To Research From Kaplan Test Prep, More College
Admissions Officers Are Researching Applicants Online.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              459 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                         The Evening Standard (London)

                            January 14, 2008 Monday

Dont play race card Hillary tells Obama;
US ELECTION COUNTDOWN

BYLINE: PAUL THOMPSON

SECTION: B; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 481 words


HILLARY CLINTON has hit back at her rival Barack Obama over reports that he
tried to discredit her among black voters.

The former First Lady claimed com-ments she made about civil rights leader
Martin Luther King had been distorted.

After Mrs Clinton told a TV interviewer that it took a president for Kings dream
of racial equality to be realised, some African-Americans claimed the comment
diminished the role in bringing about change played by the churchman, who was
assassinated in 1968.

They said the remarks to Fox News last week gave the credit instead to president
Lyndon Johnson, who signed vital legis-lation including the 1964 Civil Rights
Act which prohibited racial discrimination in education, housing and employment.

Mrs Clinton, 60, was convinced Mr Obama and his staff were behind the
crit-icism. The New York senator, who stunned pollsters by winning the New
Hampshire primary, criticised her rival yesterday during the TV show Meet The
Press.

She said: Dr King didnt just give speeches. He marched. He organised. He
protested. And he campaigned for politi-cal leaders including Lyndon Johnson
because he wanted someone in the White House who would act on what he had
devoted his life to achieving.

We know from media reports that the Obama campaign is deliberately distort-ing
this and I think we should just take a step out here for a minute.

This is the most exciting election weve had in such a long time because you have
an African-American, an extraordinary man, a person of tremendous talents and
abilities running to become our presi-dent. You have a woman running to break
the highest and hardest glass ceiling. I dont think either of us want to inject
race or gender into this campaign.

Mr Obama, 46, said he had never com-mented on Mrs Clintons earlier statement but
said it had offended some folks who felt that somehow diminished Kings role in
bringing about the Civil Rights Act.

She is free to explain that but the notion that somehow this is our doing is
ludi-crous, he told reporters.

The Democratic party rivals are fighting for the support of black voters in
pri-maries in South Carolina on Saturday and Florida on 29 January.

Mr Obama has a huge groundswell of support among them but Mrs Clinton, and in
particular her husband and former president Bill, are admired for their work
with the black communities.

Mrs Clinton is the only major Democrat taking part in tomorrows primary in
Michigan, after the state broke party rules by bringing forward its poll.

Among the Republicans, Mitt Romney leads John McCain in Michigan by 30 per cent
to 22 per cent, according to a McClatchy-MSNBC poll.

A New York Times/CBS News national poll had Mr McCain on 33 per cent fol-lowed
by Mike Huckabee on 18 and Rudy Giuliani, who will not enter the contest in
earnest until Florida, with 10, two points ahead of Mr Romney. Voters are
increas-ingly concerned about the economy.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              460 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Breckenridge American (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              April 2, 2012 Monday

Diphtheria threat diminished

BYLINE: Jean Hayworth, Breckenridge American, Texas

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 917 words


April 02--Historically Speaking

It was recently announced in Feb. 1929, that an antitoxin had been developed
that was proven to be an effective deterrent for eradicating the threat of
diphtheria.

The antitoxin has been available since 1855 but only in limited amounts and the
required trials to prove that the antitoxin could definitively prevent
diphtheria can now be guaranteed. Initially, the antitoxin reduced the death
rate of diphtheria to less than one-third and now the threat of death from
diphtheria is down to zero.

The problem of educating the public has been put in the hands of Dr. Wynne, who
is head of the U.S. Health Department campaign to educate and make the public
aware of the discovery. who said that the threat of death from diphtheria is no
longer a fact and that it can be eradicated entirely within two years.

Injections for children are now readily available and parents are encouraged to
check with their local doctor or medical clinic.

The Vatican withdrew their objections to the establishment of the Rotary Club.
Initially, the Vatican considered the principles of the Rotary Club to be
anti-Catholic and would not allow Catholics to join the club. However, after
members of the Rotary leadership spoke to the Vatican representatives, they no
longer consider the Rotary Club as anti-Catholic. Locally, Catholics in the
community were reluctant to join the Rotary Club.

The Breckenridge High School class of 1929 had to elect a new class president
due to the move of Russell Harrison to Coleman. The class vice president,
Delbert Downing finished high school at mid-term. The class elected Gladys
Harrell as president and Mark Robinson as vice president and the class secretary
is Nannette Smithson.

A record 300 copies of the BHS annual for 1929 were published and were initially
on sale at $3.75 and now have been raised to $4.25.

The Buckaroo boys basketball team left to play in the West Texas A.A.U. State
Basketball Championship, which will be played in Munday Feb. 28 to March 2.
Coach P.E. Shotwell and 10 boys and the manager left in borrowed cars to drive
to Munday for the three-day tournament. This will give the Bucks another
opportunity to play Cisco which knocked the Bucks out of the UIL State
Championship competition.

Nick Barros, operator and owner of the City Cafe on South Court for the past
three years, was set to open a second cafe at 129 W. Walker, on March 5. It had
been known as the Coney Island Shop. He and his associate, Raymond Stewart, have
been working to renovate and modernize the old place and are set to open for
business March 5, 1929. J.D. Thompson was his partner and they advertised quick
service and well-cooked food.

Some local Buckaroo supporters have taken two Buckaroo football players for knee
surgeries at the Baptist Hospital in Waco. Nestor Zarafonetis and Mazon
Munnerlyn both suffered serious knee injuries during football season. Some
Breckenridge businessmen are paying for the surgeries. The boys are expected to
be in the hospital about a week or 10 days and then will be home on bed rest and
then on crutches. It was reported that Neb's knee injury was much worse than
previously suspected and will have a longer recovery period.

Chicago reported a huge gangland slaying over bootlegging by rival gangs of Al
Capone and George "Bugs" Moran, who suffered the loss of seven of his gang by an
execution type slaying. Apparently, "Bugs" was not present and had disappeared
after the gangland slayings were reported. Among those killed were Peter
Gusenberg, leader of that faction of the gang; Frank Gusenberg, his brother, who
was wounded but later died; Al Weinshank, the soft drink parlor owner caught up
in the slayings; John May, mechanic; James Clark, brother-in-law of "Bugs"
Moran; Arthur Hayes or Davis; and Frank Foster, Moran's henchman. The men were
found in the back room of the M.M. Cartage Co. on N. Clark St. The gang members
had been lined up against a wall and shot with sawed-off shotguns.

Witnesses said there were two large police vehicles, which had six to 10 bullets
in each. Up until this time, one gang had never invaded the stronghold of
another gang. Chief of Police, William F. Russell, quickly announced that this
would not continue and ordered known gang members be rounded up and jailed
immediately to prevent an all-out gang war. Later, investigation revealed that
the Moran gang had stolen $12,000 worth of liquor owned by a policeman, who had
part ownership in the Roadhouse, located north of Chicago. An informant revealed
that the policeman's girlfriend also had a beauty shop at that location.

The City Drug Store, located at 120 W. Williams, in Breckenridge reported a fire
at midnight. Fire Chief R.R. Smalley said the fire was caused by a hot plate
left on, which caused major damage of an estimated $18,000 of stock, furniture
and fixtures. Employees E.J. Martineau and Dick Bowers had worked until about 11
p.m. The office of Dr. W.S. Parks, which was above the City Drug Store, had only
slight damage. N.N. Rosenquest of Eastland was the owner of the store.

The Hereford Show in Albany reported 100,000 head of the white-faced Hereford
breed scattered among the ranches in Shackelford County. The ninth annual
Hereford Show was set for Feb. 25-26, 1929. President of the Hereford
Association was W.J. Dodson.

___ (c)2012 the Breckenridge American (Breckenridge, Texas) Visit the
Breckenridge American (Breckenridge, Texas) at www.breckenridgeamerican.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120402-KV-Diphtheria-threat-diminished-0402-20120402

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KV


                      Copyright 2012 Breckenridge American


                              461 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Free Press (Kinstin, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 26, 2011 Saturday

Air quality diminished by high pollen counts

BYLINE: Justin Hill, The Free Press, Kinston, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 546 words


March 26--Few things compare to a warm spring day; for allergies sufferers, that
rings especially true.

In Eastern North Carolina, warmer, dry weather over the last several weeks has
led to especially high pollen accounts. Pollen is one of the leading
contributors to spring-time allergies.

Experts measure the amount of pollen in the air by using a pollen count. The
number represents grains of pollen per cubic meter over a 24-hour period.

Since March 11, Pollen.com has recorded Lenoir County pollen counts above 8.6 --
moderate to high levels -- everyday but one.

Ann Mercer of Sandy Bottom was at a Kinston carwash Friday cleaning her car. She
said she was only vacuuming the inside because she doesn't expect pollen levels
to subside anytime soon.

"It's terrible, that's the reason I'm not washing it now," Mercer said. "I keep
(my car) in the carport but it's still terrible."

Wet weekend weather could temporarily create lower pollen-level forecasts, but
rain will also help tree and grass growth, both of which contribute to pollen
levels.

Air quality experts at Weather.com said the most active type of plants during
March and early April are trees, such as birch and oak.

Pharmacist Durwood Jones said he has noticed a considerable increase in allergy
sufferers in the last week. He said four to 10 people a day come in asking about
symptom relief. However, Jones cautions it's not always easy to tell the
difference in allergies and a more serious medical condition.

"Sometimes you get a runny nose, scratchy throat, aches and pains (with either
allergies or a virus)," Jones said. "Most of the times you don't run a fever
(with allergies)."

Jones said one of the most important things people need to be aware of during
allergy season is how they normally react to high pollen counts.

"You don't know what to do sometimes," Jones said about customers asking his
advice on allergy symptoms. "You have to ... base it on intuition. A lot of
times, what you feel is going to be right."

Over the counter medications Allegra and Claritin are two remedies Jones said he
recommends to allergy sufferers.

Besides runny nose and scratchy throat, allergy symptoms include, coughing,
sneezing and itchy, watery eyes.

For those trying to avoid allergies ruining spring, WebMD recommends staying
indoors when counts are high, especially in the mornings. It also suggests
vacuuming, dusting and washing hair and clothes to keep pollen at bay.

Justin Hill can be reached at 252-559-1078 or jhill@freedomenc.com

Breakout box:

Spring Allergies

Symptoms

- Runny nose

- Watery eyes

- Sneezing

- Coughing

- Itchy eyes and nose

- Dark circles under the eyes

Managing

- Stay indoors whenever the pollen count is very high. Pollen counts usually
peak in the mornings

- Keep doors and windows closed whenever possible during the spring months. An
air purifier may also help

- Clean air filters in your home often

- Wash your hair after going outside

- Vacuum twice a week

Source: WebMD

To see more of The Free Press or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.kinston.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Free Press, Kinston, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110326-KI-Air-quality-diminished-by-high-pollen-counts-0326-20110326

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KI


                  Copyright 2011 The Free Press, Kinstin, N.C.


                              462 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD.)

                             June 20, 1995, Tuesday

McCormick Earnings Take the Slide That Blattman Warned Was Coming

BYLINE: By Bill McConnell; Daily Record Business Writer

SECTION: Pg.  3

LENGTH: 529 words


Earnings for McCormick & Co. took a step backward during the second quarter, but
the news came as no surprise yesterday to company trackers.

McCormick officials warned in late May that a sluggish performance was in the
offing. The diminished performance was blamed on the weak Mexican economy and
higher costs in its packaging business.

For the quarter ended May 31, McCormick earned $ 16 million, or 20 cents a
share, down from $ 19.1 million, or 24 cents a share for last year's second
quarter.

Prior to the warning in May, analysts had generally predicted that the company
would show per-share income of 26 cents.

But McCormick President and Chief Executive H. Eugene Blattman predicted last
month that reduced earnings would result from the higher cost of plastic resin
used in the company's packaging manufacturing operations as well as inventory
buildups required to carry the company through its ongoing business and plant
consolidations.

To cripple an already diminished quarter, devaluation of the peso and poor sales
slashed performance of the important Mexican market.

Blattman says earnings will continue to be hurt by these conditions through the
third quarter, but the situation should improve for the last three months of
fiscal 1995.

Analysts said yesterday they were prepared for the diminished earnings and
didn't believe the company's stock price would be hit too hard. "They [McCormick
officials] pretty much telegraphed to the street what was coming," said Kurt
Funderburg, an analysts at Baltimore investment firm Ferris, Baker Watts.

McCormick shares dropped 25 cents to $ 2.63 in yesterday's trading.

McCormick Chief Financial Officer Robert Davey said the depressed conditions
will continue throughout the third quarter, but strong earnings growth should
return by the last three months of 1995 and continue into 1996.

He said some of the high raw materials costs and other problems are already
beginning to clear. If those lower costs are coupled with the double-digit
quarterly sales gains the company is now enjoying, earnings should be strong
after the third quarter, he said.

For the second quarter sales rose 12 percent to $ 445 million. "We're real happy
with sales growth and we're anticipating a very strong fourth quarter."

Not everyone shares such favorable predictions. "My confidence is low they will
achieve a very strong fourth quarter," said Mitchell Pinheiro who follows
McCormick for Philadelphia-based Janney Montgomery Scott. "Things don't turn
around that quickly. They still have high ingredient costs, increased marketing
spending and a weakened Mexican [economy]."

Pinheiro praises McCormick's ability to hold on to 40 percent stake of the U.S.
spice and seasonings market but predicts the next couple of years will find the
company locked in a costly market-share battle with rival Burns-Philp, which
holds 20 percent of the market. He rates McCormick's stock a hold for the short
term.

Funderburg, on the other hand, believes McCormick can recover quickly from the
current troubles and earn 56 cents a share in the fourth quarter. He predicted
double digit earnings growth will return in 1996.


LOAD-DATE: August 16, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1995 The Daily Record Co.


                              463 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                             June 22, 2010 Tuesday

Warriors trade down in 2nd rd.

BYLINE: By MARCUS THOMPSON II MediaNews

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 573 words


Officially, the Warriors traded their second-round pick, No. 34 overall, to
Portland for the No. 44 pick and cash, the team announced Monday.

Unofficially, the Warriors got their second-round pick back in January. Two of
them.

The success of swingman Reggie Williams and forward Anthony Tolliver, both NBA
Development League call-ups from last season, have diminished the need for a
second-round pick. Golden State   which has a roster logged with young players,
including the player they will take with the No. 6 pick in Thursday's draft
isn't expecting to find a player in the second-round who is better than the
young talent they have.

"I think you can get as good a player in the D-League as you can most
second-round picks," coach Don Nelson said. "There are some exceptions to the
rule. ... But generally speaking, in the D-League, there are second-rounders
that have developed."

When he met with the media on Monday, general manager Larry Riley said he had at
least a dozen players on his wish list for the second-round selection when he
held the No. 34 overall pick. The likelihood is that one of those players will
be available at No. 44.

So why not move down, diminish the choices and coupe some cash?

The Warriors received in the ballpark of $2 million in financial compensation,
two sources said.

So who will the Warriors take at No. 44? That depends on what happens at No. 6,
but certainly the options have diminished with Monday's trade.

Riley said because of the Warriors current depth, it is unlikely he would draft
a player in the second round at the same position as the first-rounder. Riley
has identified one of the top priorities as a small forward, especially one with
size who can handle the ball and create shots for himself and others.

The most-likely options at No. 6 are a center or power forward, whether
Georgetown's Greg Monroe or Kentucky's DeMarcus Cousins or Wake Forest's
Al-Farouq Aminu. That means the odds are Golden State will go for a small
forward in the second round.

Moving down 10 spots in the second round keeps the Warriors from being able to
jump on a first-rounder who falls, as guard Monta Ellis (No. 32) did back in
2005. It probably takes some of the higher-touted small forwards out of the
Warriors' reach as well. Texas' Damion James, West Virginia's Devin Ebanks,
Washington's Quincy Pondexter and Connecticut's Stanley Robinson are all
expected to go late in the first round or early in the second round.

Still, the Warriors figure to be in play for some others, such as New Mexico's
Darington Hobson or Stanford's Landry Fields, who one source said impressed the
Warriors at his workout. Golden State could even make a high-risk, high-reward
pick and select West Virginia small forward Da'Sean Butler or Serbian forward
Nemanja Bjelica.

Butler was a sure-fire first-round pick before he tore his ACL in the Final
Four. Since the Warriors don't need him to play right away, they can draft him
and give him time to heal. Bjelica is a point-forward type with the perimeter
skills that fit the Warriors' offense. But he's a project the Warriors can
afford to stash in Europe.

With the No. 34 pick comes some expectations   to make the team, sign a
multi-year contract and maybe even see some action as a rookie. At No. 44, those
expectations are diminished and little harm is done if the pick doesn't even
make the team.

And if that happens, the Warriors clearly have no problem scouring the D-League.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              464 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Express

                             June 2, 2012 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

'Psycho' admits gunning down student in street

BYLINE: Tony Brooks

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 428 words


THE parents of an Indian student gunned down in cold blood on an English street
flew more than 4,000 miles to come face-to-face with his killer yesterday.

Subhash Bidve and his wife Yogina made the "emotional and difficult" trip from
their home in Pune to be in court to hear that factory worker Kiaran "Psycho"
Stapleton, 21, admitted the close-range shooting of their innocent 23-year-old
son Anuj.

Stapleton pleaded guilty to manslaughter - on the grounds of diminished
responsibility - of the microelectronics student when he appeared at Manchester
Crown Court. Armed police stood guard outside.

But he denied murder, a defence plea which prosecutor Brian Cummings QC refused
to accept, and he will now face a trial.

Stapleton, who gave his name as "Psycho Stapleton" when he first appeared in
court in January, wore a grey jogging top and bottoms during a 20-minute plea
and case management hearing.

He was remanded in custody by Mr Justice Henriques to appear again before a jury
at the same court on June 25. Mr and Mrs Bidve, who were led into court by
police officers, sat in dignified silence as the judge said: "The defendant has
admitted the killing and the trial will be whether he was of diminished
responsibility.

"It is plainly now within public knowledge that this was a shooting at very
close range of a complete stranger."

Later Mr Bidve, who runs an air conditioning firm and his wife, who has her own
logistics firm, said: "We have made the journey from India to the United Kingdom
because it was very important to us to hear, in person, Kiaran Stapleton's plea.

"This is the first time we have returned to the UK since Anuj was taken away
from us on Boxing Day last year and the first time we have come face to face
with the man charged with his murder.

"So clearly this is a very emotional time and difficult time for us."

They added: "We have today heard in person that Kiaran Stapleton has admitted
killing Anuj and there is a tremendous amount of interest both at home in India
and here in the United Kingdom. But there will be a trial later this month so we
cannot say anything further at this time."

Their son's death in the early hours of December 26 caused worldwide revulsion.
He was returning to his hotel with fellow students from Lancaster University who
were on a Christmas shopping trip when he was killed by a single shot in
Salford.

Days after his death his parents said: "We do not blame the people of this city
for what happened.

"The only person we blame is the man responsible for taking Anuj away from us in
such a senseless act of violence."

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Anuj was shot at close range
Stapleton will face trial
Pictures: MARTIN RICKETT/PA, LNP
An armed officer stands guard at court yesterday

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DXP


                       Copyright 2012 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              465 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                              April 7, 2006 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Josh-ing? Duke fans await word

BYLINE: FRANK DASCENZO Columnist

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 563  words


Silence sometimes speaks volumes, which is why Duke's basketball following is
concerned today.

It's been 15 days -- a lifetime for some concerned Iron Dukes -- since the
2005-06 Blue Devils lost to LSU in the Atlanta Region of the NCAA Tournament.

The sad truth is that few will remember this Duke team was 32-4, but they
remember Garrett Temple's defense on J.J. Redick and the Tigers' athleticism.

Josh McRoberts, the 6-10 freshman, sat in front of his cubicle inside the
Georgia Dome and tried to put the game behind him. It was impossible.

Amazingly, some of the questions immediately after the season-ending loss were
about whether McRoberts had made up his mind to return to Duke or enter the NBA
draft. McRoberts indicated he would return to Duke, but will he?

What's important now is McRoberts' future. Does it include at least one more
season in a Duke uniform or does he bolt for the NBA draft where he could be a
lottery pick?

McRoberts has obvious upside. He blocks shots, he handles the ball like a point
guard, he sizzles passes through open lanes and he can run the floor quite well.

Enough on the scouting side.

Is he or isn't he out of here?

"P" is the important letter in all this -- it stands for potential. How
McRoberts weighs his future and what characters he spends more time listening to
ultimately will determine if you will see him in royal blue and white in 2007.

Now, McRoberts would make Duke a stronger team next season. Without him, Duke
could be described in a word -- diminished. In two words -- consderably
diminished.

Sources say that McRoberts wants to stay, but he is trying to figure out where
he might be selected in the draft. Better sources say he will not go in the top
five but might be taken somewhere between No. 8 and No. 15 because of that
letter, "P."

Don't bother asking if McRoberts has potential. You may as well ask if Mercedes
makes a quality automobile.

But he didn't average double figures for Duke this past season and was, well,
inconsistent. Sometimes you saw him, sometimes you didn't.

Duke lost Luol Deng after one season from its 2004 Final Four team, but Deng
undoubtedly was ready for the pros. In 37 games, Deng averaged 15.1 points and
6.9 rebounds per game. He played 1,149 minutes, had 49 steals and blocked 39
shots.

In 36 games, McRoberts averaged 8.7 points, 5.3 rebounds, played 883 minutes,
had 41 steals and 46 blocks.

Numbers can get lost under a stack of paper when an NBA franchise is willing to
offer guaranteed money up front to a kid who risks not taking it and returning
for another year in college when, who knows, a knee could pop in a blowout of
some non-conference opponent.

Options? McRoberts no doubt will look at them while Duke's coaches monitor the
situation with serious scrutiny, gather information as to what might be best.

It was a no-brainer that Deng was out of here after one season. It's different
with McRoberts, who could be an All-American next season and lead Duke is
several areas.

Until McRoberts makes it official either way, you may as well get used to the
growing speculation about what he will do. As usual, sources and experts are
everywhere about this subject, some claiming McRoberts had already made up his
mind weeks ago to bolt and some Duke coaches figure he will do just that.

But until McRoberts says yes or no, nobody really knows.

Meanwhile, Duke's status next season depends on it.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mug: MCROBERTS, DASCENZO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 The Durham Herald Co.


                              466 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 7, 2013 Sunday

Winter wheat crop diminished by weather extremes

BYLINE: Kristen Schmidt, Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 493 words


July 07--Above average spring moisture normally would have been a good sign for
Weld County wheat farmers, but the moisture proved to be too little, too late.

With a late harvest now rolling around, local farmers find themselves with lack
luster crops and the threat of subpar yields.

Minimal production is expected for the entire state.

According to the most recent U.S. Department of Agriculture report, Colorado
winter wheat production in 2013 is projected at only 51 million bushels, down 31
percent from the 73.8 million bushels produced last year, and down 29 percent
from the 10-year average crop of about 72 million bushels.

The estimate for the 2013 Colorado winter wheat crop is based upon only 1.5
million acres being harvested, which is the lowest harvested acres since 1965,
with an average yield of 34 bushels per acre.

Late harvests are also being seen statewide.

The USDA's report estimated Colorado as 7 percent harvested, compared with 81
percent at this time last year, when harvest was dramatically earlier than
normal. The five-year average for harvest at the beginning of July is around 25
percent complete.

According to Bruce Bosley, Colorado State University Extension crop system
specialist, soil conditions and weather are to blame for winter wheat's poor
outlook.

He explained that when wheat was drilled last fall, the soil was too dry.

Dry soil combined with winter's bitter cold and lack of moisture stunted the
crops growth and development.

Curt Wirth, a New Raymer-area farmer, agrees that dry conditions combined with
excessive cold disturbed root-system development and are the key contributors to
this season's delayed harvest.

Wirth is expecting his fields to yield only two-thirds of the crop they produced
last year.

Roggen-area farmer Vern Cooksey plans to start harvest this weekend and is only
expecting 30-40 bushels per acre. Cooksey attributes lower yields in part to the
hot dry spell that plagued the month of June.

Southeastern Colorado wheat farmers even more so find themselves struggling to
stay afloat.

The USDA's most recent report stated that "farmers in the southeastern growing
areas of the state have already abandoned a large portion of the acreage seeded
last fall due to continuing drought and spring freezes."

Colorado Wheat Executive Director Darrell Hanavan expressed his concern for
winter wheat in southeastern Colorado and attributes many of the acres included
in the state's 32 percent abandonment rate to acres lost south of Interstate 70.

Even in the face of a projected record low in acres harvested since 1965, Bosley
noted that, in general, years with smaller yields tend to have higher protein
content.

While it may not be much, producers are eager to take hold of whatever silver
lining they can find in the face of this year's tough growing season.

___ (c)2013 the Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune
(Greeley, Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130707-GY-Winter-wheat-crop-diminished
-by-weather-extremes-0707-20130707

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2013 Greeley Tribune


                              467 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            August 17, 1998, Monday

MOST SAY BILL HAS STAINED OFFICE: POLL

BYLINE: DEBORAH ORIN Washington Bureau Chief

SECTION: News; Pg. 016

LENGTH: 535 words


Most Americans think the presidency has been diminished under Bill Clinton - and
by a 5-1 ratio they blame Clinton rather than Sexgate prober Kenneth Starr, a
new poll has found.

But a majority - 52.8 percent - say Clinton is no worse on honesty than other
recent presidents, although a sizable minority of 37.9 percent rate him as less
honest, according to the Zogby International poll.

"It's gotten to the point where Americans expect their president to lie and be
investigated and that is Clinton's legacy - and it's a horrible legacy," said
John Zogby, who regularly polls for The Post.

The poll also shows Americans emphatically reject the excuse that Clinton didn't
see oral sex with Monica Lewinsky as "real" sex or adultery - 70.5 percent
disagree while only 11.8 percent buy it.

"Clearly, if the White House is floating a trial balloon to claim it wasn't real
sex, the trial balloon is filled with lead. The American people are not going to
buy that by any stretch," Zogby said.

Men are a tiny bit more likely to buy the excuse that oral sex doesn't count as
adultery - 13 percent of men vs. 10.6 percent of women, the poll found.

Overall, nearly 60 percent say they are bothered by hearing that Clinton had a
close relationship with a young intern who got gifts and went to the White House
37 times after she stopped working there.

The nationwide survey of 631 likely voters was conducted Friday night through
yesterday as Clinton prepared to face questions today from Sexgate prosecutors.
It has an error margin of 4 percentage points either way.

The poll finds Clinton still gets high job ratings - 57.1 percent positive - but
only 38.6 percent say he'd merit re-election in 2000 if he could run again.

The poll suggests that Clinton still gets a more sympathetic view from women
than from men, even in the midst of an escalating crisis over charges of sex and
lies with the young intern.

Overall, 51.6 say the presidency has been diminished under Clinton and 45.6
percent blame Clinton while only 8.6 percent blame Starr. The rest blame both,
or the media or are unsure.

A larger majority of men - 56.6 percent - think the presidency has been
diminished under Clinton, compared to 46.9 percent of women.

Working women are more likely than homemakers to think the presidency has been
diminished under Clinton, although homemakers usually are more Republican in
their politics.

Blacks continue to be Clinton's strongest support group. By more than 2-1,
African-Americans say the presidency hasn't been diminished under Clinton.

The poll found slight increases over the past few weeks in the number who think
Clinton should be impeached over Sexgate.

Asked if he should be impeached, 35.1 percent say yes on the basic question of
whether he lied about sex with Lewinsky, while voters are about evenly split on
impeachment if he also encouraged others to lie.

But a majority - 56.3 percent - now say he should be impeached if this was part
of a pattern of obstruction of justice in the Clinton White House.


LOAD-DATE: August 17, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: "Clearly, if the White House is floating a trial balloon to claim it
wasn't real sex, the trial balloon is filled with lead." POLLSTER JOHN ZOGBY

           Copyright 1998 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              468 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                          November 11, 2009 Wednesday
                                WEB ONLY EDITION

Judge rules collecting DNA from federal suspects unconstitutional

BYLINE: Paula Reed Ward, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. WEB

LENGTH: 605 words


This item appears in today's print edition. The Web version below is longer and
is being included in the library database for that reason.

A federal judge in Pittsburgh says that collecting DNA from a person simply
arrested for a crime and not yet convicted is unconstitutional.

In a 20-page opinion issued on Friday, U.S. District Judge David S. Cercone
wrote that the idea of comparing DNA collection to fingerprinting -- as
government attorneys have done -- is "pure folly."

"Such oversimplification ignores the complex, comprehensive, inherently private
information contained in a DNA sample," the judge wrote.

The biological material can reveal predisposition to thousands of genetic
conditions, he went on, as well as identify genetic markers for traits like
aggression, sexual orientation and criminal tendencies.

The Department of Justice issued a rule that took effect in January requiring
that all federal arrestees have their DNA collected and cataloged.

That rule was challenged here in July, when Ruben Mitchell, who faces drug
charges, asked the court to block collection.

While a variety of courts have upheld the collection of DNA post-conviction, it
is a new issue for arrestees.

There has been one other decision on the issue -- in the Eastern District of
California, where a judge ruled that the collection is not an infringement of
the Fourth Amendment right to be free from unreasonable search and seizure.

But in his opinion, Judge Cercone fully disagreed with that court, saying that
neither the judge nor the government, "addresses the moral polestar of our
criminal justice system -- the presumption of innocence."

If law enforcement officers believe the collection of DNA can help solve a past
or ongoing crime, nothing stops them from seeking a search warrant and obtaining
the material, the judge said.

Attorneys for the U.S. attorney's office argued that Mr. Mitchell already has a
diminished expectation of privacy -- his cell is searched and his phone calls
are recorded -- because he is being held in jail pending trial.

But Judge Cercone did not agree that that allows for DNA collection.

"Though pretrial detainees have a diminished expectation of privacy as it
relates to legitimate penological interests, the Fourth Amendment does not stop
at the jailhouse door," he wrote.

As for the government's argument that DNA collection is another tool for
identification, the judge said it is more than that.

"[It] represents a quantum leap that is entirely unnecessary for identification
purposes," he wrote. "The only reasonable use of DNA is investigative, it is not
an identification science it is an information science. The identification issue
in this instance is a red herring, as there is no compelling reason to require a
DNA sample in order to 'identify' an arrestee."

Bruce Ledewitz, who teaches both constitutional and criminal law at Duquesne
University, said there is no precedential value to Judge Cercone's decision.

While other district court judges here will consider Judge Cercone's opinion,
they are not bound to follow it, he said.

The Supreme Court could ultimately take on this issue, but Mr. Ledewitz said
that wouldn't likely happen until after there is a split among Circuit Courts.

He suspects that the federal government will continue taking DNA from arrestees
unless and until there is a civil, class-action suit filed to stop the practice.
Until then, Judge Cercone's decision applies only to Mr. Mitchell and no other
defendants.

U.S. Attorney Mary Beth Buchanan declined to comment on the opinion.

"We're consulting with the Department of Justice to determine the appropriate
course of action."

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Paula Reed Ward can be reached at pward@post-gazette.com or 412-263-2620.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              469 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 28, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Murkowski Calls for Fixes to Flawed VA Choice Act Program

LENGTH: 558  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Lisa Murkowski has issued the following news
release:



 On the eve of Memorial Day weekend, Senator Lisa Murkowski (R-AK) spoke on the
Senate floor to further describe the failings of the VA Choice Card Program in
Alaska and outlined what steps need to be taken to ensure that Alaska veterans
have access to quality healthcare, no matter where they live.Murkowski opened
her remarks by explaining that prior to the Choice Act being implemented, the
U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) had developed an innovative system in
Alaska, partnering with Native clinics and community healthcare providers to
give care to veterans who needed services the VA could not provide or who lived
in communities where the VA had no presence:





 "The model was pretty simple. If a veteran needed to see someone outside the
VA, they were placed with that outside provider by VA staff. And those VA
staffers who matched the veteran with a local provider actually lived in Alaska.
They knew Alaska's geography. They knew it wasn't possible to drive from Bethel
to Anchorage. They knew the breadth and limitations on services available within
our state. Also, the bills for services were sent to the VA; they were not sent
to the veteran. If for some reason a provider wasn't paid on time, the veterans
were insulated. They were protected from collection agency calls. It wasn't a
perfect system and it wasn't without complaints, but on balance this was the
best Alaskan veterans were ever treated."



 She then explained how after the Choice Act was instituted, the flexibility for
veterans to access healthcare in their local communities greatly diminished. The
VA actually cancelled appointments that they scheduled to veterans in Alaska and
directed them to a contractor-operated 800 number in the Lower 48 to arrange for
a new referral under the Choice Program. Patients were frustrated, providers
were frustrated, and both access to and quality of veterans' healthcare
diminished.



 This year, through her position on the Senate VA Appropriations Subcommittee,
Senator Murkowski obtained language in the FY17 VA appropriations bill urging
the VA to reinstate the efficient, purchased care program that existed in Alaska
prior to the Choice Act.



 Senator John McCain (R-AZ) has proposed a 3-year extension of the Choice
Program, which expires in 2017. Even as she continues to fight for a better
solution for Alaska veterans, Senator Murkowski is prepared to support that
extension, to help veterans who believe the Choice Program is working for them.
But Senator Murkowski realizes there is further work needed to solve the
problems facing the Choice program and VA purchased care outside the Choice
Program, saying:



 "I think there are still some huge problems in the implementation of the Choice
Program that we need to address, and, unfortunately, these problems are profound
in the smaller and harder to get places like Alaska. I think it is high time
that Congress give the VA clear direction about the value we place on access to
veterans' health care in those smaller and hard to get places. In many cases we
know the dynamics of the local health care markets better than the folks in a
central VA office."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              470 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                             July 18, 2015 Saturday
                              Buffalo News Edition

Painful lessons;
While every attack can't be prevented, we have to learn from each failure

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 587 words


It is a hard truth that law enforcement and U.S. intelligence services cannot
thwart every terrorist attack, and certainly not mass murders committed by
individuals who are not only prepared, but eager, to die in exchange for the
deranged pleasure of killing innocent, anonymous others.But that doesn't mean it
isn't important to try, and with the murders Thursday in Tennessee by Mohammod
Youssuf Abudlazeez, government investigators need to comb through the evidence
to see if, and how, this bloodthirsty 24-year-old went undetected. Almost
certainly, there will be painful lessons to learn.

Abudlazeez killed four Marines in a shooting rampage at two military recruiting
centers in Chattanooga. He was also killed. Three of the victims were veterans
of Iraq or Afghanistan, or both. The fourth was a 21-year-old who had just
finished boot camp. Three others were injured.

In hindsight, clues are already appearing, though it is far from clear that
they, alone, should have set off alarms. First, Abudlazeez's father had been
investigated several years ago for giving money to an organization thought to
have ties to terrorism. At one point, the father was on a terrorist watch list
and was questioned while abroad. He was later removed from that list.

Abudlazeez was born in Kuwait and became a naturalized U.S. citizen. On Friday,
it was revealed that he spent seven months in Jordan last year. Investigators
are trying to determine if he had been in contact with any extremist groups
before or during that trip.

Lacking any indication that Abudlazeez suffered some kind of mental illness,
though, it seems likely that he was acting as a lone-wolf terrorist in service
of some violent cause. To be able to hide those inclinations so well that they
could go broadly undetected seems unlikely, though something similar happened
with the Tsarnaev brothers in the Boston Marathon bombing two years ago.

That is one of the prime issues that investigators need to probe. Where did
Abudlazeez leave footprints that might have tipped off friends or authorities
had they noticed them? Who else did he associate with who might have similar
murderous intentions? Under what circumstances was he able to acquire the
weapons that he used?

The killings also count as an uneasy sign, given that ISIS and other terrorist
groups are seeking to foment lone-wolf attacks in this country. Only two months
ago, two gunmen attacked an anti-Islamic event in Dallas. That attack failed and
both gunmen were killed.

Of course, while the United States rightly worries about terror attacks by
radicalized Muslims, the country also grows its own terrorists. Dylann Roof is
surely one of those. He is charged with murdering nine African-Americans in
Charleston, S.C., in the twisted and ludicrous hope of inciting a race war.

Terrorism is, at its root, a form of crime and we know better than to think all
crime can be prevented. But it can be diminished through wise social programs
and effective policing techniques.

So, too, can terrorism be diminished. The United States has done remarkable work
in detecting and preventing attacks, including a potentially devastating one on
the New York City subway system. There have been many other successes.

While it is impossible to stop every attack, that has to be the goal,
unreachable though it is. That's the approach that encourages law enforcement
and intelligence agencies to continue honing their skills, and digging ever
deeper into the dark recesses of the minds of men such as Mohammod Youssuf
Abudlazeez.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              471 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Norman Transcript (Oklahoma)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 29, 2015 Tuesday

Issues beyond Ross lead to diminished kick returns

BYLINE: John Shinn, The Norman Transcript, Okla.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 587 words


Sept. 29--The one consensus preseason All-American Oklahoma claimed heading into
the season was junior kick returner Alex Ross. He averaged 31.2 yards per return
and scored two touchdowns last season.

Through three games this season, Ross is averaging just 13.8 yards per return on
eight attempts.

OU coach Bob Stoops said it's not about Ross.

"It isn't Alex. It's the other 10 guys," Stoops said. "Everybody -- just like it
isn't the quarterback all of the time -- the other guys around him have got to
execute better. We've worked hard on it. Hopefully, we can show some progress."

Ross' initial kick return for a touchdown came last season against West
Virginia. The 100-yard return came with a little more than a minute left in the
first half and tied the game at 24-24. OU never trailed in the second half.

--Turnovers needed: The Sooners are undefeated despite committing four more
turnovers than their opponents. They haven't come up with one since cornerback
Zack Sanchez' interception on the final play of the Tennessee game.

"We preach winning the battle of turnovers. We know we need to get a lot more,
especially for us to be successful for the next couple weeks. That's something
we've all kind of talked about," safety Steven Parker said. "It's not really
about talking, it's about putting it in action. In practice, we preach on it, we
harp on it. We've got to do it."

West Virginia is one of the FBS leaders in turnover margin. Its defense has come
up with 11 in three games.

--More expected: OU's coming off its best offensive game to date, but Stoops
said it remains a work in progress.

"I like the direction it's going, but let's face it, we've had some spotty
moments, too. We can't forget three quarters at Tennessee," he said. "It all has
to keep improving. I'm not at all upset about it. I feel we're going to keep
going in a positive direction. I feel like we are. I feel like we'll make
improvement, so I'm very pleased with what Lincoln and all of the offensive guys
are doing. But it still has to come. It has to be more consistent."

--Gettin a kick out of it: Having one player handle both the kicking and punting
duties is rare. A true freshman shouldering both responsibilities is more
uncommon. But Austin Seibert hasn't flinched since landing the job.

OU leads the Big 12 in net punting (44.4 yards per punt). Seibert is 4 for 4 on
field goal attempts and 16 for 16 on PAT attempts.

If Seibert's feeling any pressure, Stoops hasn't seen it.

"I laughed yesterday. It was after church, eating lunch with my family at the
(Jimmie Austin OU Golf Club) and he walked in to go golfing with (wide receiver)
Mark Andrews and (deep snapper) Wesley Horkey," Stoops said. "He must not be too
fatigued if he's taking the day off to go golfing. I told him I wish I could
join them."

--Yet another early kick: The Big 12 Conference announced Monday the Oct. 10
game against Texas will kick off at 11 a.m. from the Cotton Bowl. ABC will
televise the game nationally.

The OU-Texas game will mark OU's third straight pre-noon kick. The Tulsa game
began at 11 a.m. The West Virginia game will, too.

--Stripe the stadium: OU has a "Stripe the Stadium" planned for Saturday's game.
It wants fans located in even-numbered sections to wear crimson and fans in
odd-numbered sections to wear white.

John Shinn

Follow me @john_shinn

jshinn@normantranscript.com

(405) 366-3535

___ (c)2015 The Norman Transcript (Norman, Okla.) Visit The Norman Transcript
(Norman, Okla.) at www.normantranscript.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150929-NQ-Issues-beyond-Ross-lead-to-diminished
-kick-returns-0929-20150929

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NQ


                      Copyright 2015 The Norman Transcript


                              472 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                             June 9, 2016 Thursday
                                  Mars Edition

LETTERS

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 322 words


Long arms

Thank you for the Connor Gibson (June 3) article, where he notes "Public
university professors financed by private political interests may abandon
academic integrity to advance the donor's perspective, under the university's
name. Our concerns aren't theoretical." Local readers may remember that the
University of Notre Dame has accepted funds from the billionaire Koch brothers
as well, most recently in December 2015, for The Notre Dame International
Security Center, led by professor Michael Desch (a five-year, $3.5 million grant
from the Charles Koch Foundation). Just thought people should realize that the
long arms of the Koch brothers are gearing up to flex their muscles right here
in South Bend, too.

Julia Douthwaite

South BendThe writer is a professor of french at the University of Notre Dame.

Park

"They paved paradise and put up a parking lot," or in this case a fire station
in Potawatomi Park! I hope that the city won't settle on this location. I'm part
of a committee formed to create a sensory garden, in memory of my son, DJ
Milliken. The plans are for it to sit behind the conservatories sandwiched
between Kids' Kingdom, encircling an existing pergola. Approved by the park
board, this group is working to earn the funds to build this garden for all of
our community to come and enjoy, free! It will be a calming, peaceful and
relaxing atmosphere for children and adults alike with physical and mental
disabilities. Individuals with sensory processing disorders who would benefit
from this garden would most likely not be able to come and enjoy it. The
screeching sounds of alarms would overstimulate and be counterproductive. This
special place will serve the greater good of the public. However, its sole
purpose will be diminished if the fire station is built a few hundred feet away.
The very essence of what a park should provide for its community will be
diminished as well.

Kathleen Gaines

Mishawaka

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              473 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              June 12, 2009 Friday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Searching for velocity Notebook o Wellemeyer's fastball loses about 5 miles per
hour.

BYLINE: BY JOE STRAUSS o jstrauss@post-dispatch.com > 314-340-8371

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 569 words

DATELINE: 0


MIAMI - Todd Wellemeyer's sees a connection between his lackluster season and an
ongoing search for his missing velocity.

Wellemeyer took no decision from Thursday's six-inning start against Florida
because the Cardinals offense rescued him from a loss with a three-run eighth
inning against reliever Leo Nunez. Wellemeyer enjoyed the team win but remains
frustrated about his diminished fastball.

"Last year I was throwing 94-96 (mph), this year I'm topping out at 90-91," he
said. "I don't know what it is but there's definitely a difference. It makes
things more of a challenge, that's for sure."

Wellemeyer again was hurt by home runs as Marlins first baseman Russ Gload
unloaded on him twice. The Cardinals' No. 4 starter has surrendered 91 hits for
a .307 average while striking out 46 with 30 walks in 75 1/3 innings, a contrast
to last season when he held opponents to a .245 average while striking out 134
with 62 walks in 191 2/3 innings. Wellemeyer helped himself Thursday by walking
no one but struck out only one.

Pitching coach Dave Duncan suggests Wellemeyer is trying to be too precise with
his pitches, an observation Wellemeyer doesn't dispute. But Wellemeyer says the
reason is his diminished velocity, which makes his mistake pitches more
vulnerable.

"It's a concern," Wellemeyer said. "I'm sure it has something to do with
mechanics, but I haven't been able to figure it out. It reaches a point where
it's frustrating. It's not the way I like to pitch."

Forgotten Franklin

A save situation found Ryan Franklin for only the second time in two weeks
Thursday. He handled the five-out chance for his 14th save, but not without a
wobble.

Franklin allowed three hits and faced the tying run in scoring position in the
eighth and ninth innings. Franklin didn't dispute signs of rust.

"I think any time you have to go over an inning it's difficult," Franklin said.
"For one or two weeks the opportunity hasn't come up. I haven't gotten to pitch
as much as I like to, but that's the way it goes."

Manager Tony La Russa was committed to using Franklin on Thursday even if there
was not a save situation. The outing Thursday was just his fifth since May 21.

Ankiel En Fuego

Rick Ankiel entered the three-game series in a five-for-33 funk. He departed
Land Shark Stadium following an eight-for-13 series that included four RBIs and
six runs scored in addition to two run-saving catches in support of Wellemeyer
and Franklin.

Ankiel, Brendan Ryan, Ryan Ludwick, Colby Rasmus, Tyler Greene, Yadier Molina,
Jason LaRue and Nick Stavinoha enjoyed multi-hit games in the series.

"You would think this could be very important," Ankiel said. "We struggled
offensively for a month. But if we can get a couple of us going, I think we've
got a good chance at it. If we can give our (pitchers) more than a couple runs
each time out, I believe we'll be OK. They've been lights-out."

Rasmus' Roll

Rasmus holds the longest active hitting streak, 10 games, among major league
rookies. After batting cleanup in the first two games, Rasmus concluded a
five-for-10 series against the Marlins with a game-winning, pinch-hit single in
the eighth inning Thursday.

He is 15 for 32 during his tear. Rasmus leads NL rookies with seven home runs,
24 RBIs, 83 total bases and is tied with 12 multi-hit games. Rasmus' three-run
homer Wednesday night was the Cardinals' first with at least two men on base
since Albert Pujols' grand slam on April 25.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              474 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                            March 30, 1999, Tuesday

SOLDIER GUILTY OF MURDERING TOURIST BRITON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 486 words


An officer in the Israeli army reserve, who was once a member of a military hit
squad, was yesterday convicted of murdering a British tourist.

But the court accepted that Daniel Okev was suffering from diminished
responsibility when he shot and killed Mr Jeffrey Max Hunter and wounded his
girlfriend Ms Charlotte Gibb.

He will be sentenced later.

Psychiatric tests presented to the court in Beersheba showed contradictory
results on his mental state.

Okev had picked up Mr Hunter and Ms Gibb, both British students, when they were
hitchhiking near the Israeli Red Sea resort of Eilat. He shot them during a rest
stop on a desert road.

Okev had said he could not remember the incident and suggested he might have a
split personality.

Okev (45) claimed he was severely traumatised by service in an army special
forces squad which hunted down and executed suspected Palestinian militants in
the Gaza Strip in the early 1970s.

His lawyer, Mr David Yiftach, said the military experience and psychological
problems could have caused his actions.

The Beersheba District Court ruled that Okev suffered "diminished mental
capacity," when he shot 22-year-old Mr Hunter on a desert road in August 1997,
and therefore bears diminished responsibility, said courts spokesman Mr Moshe
Gorali.

Okev was also convicted of aggravated assault against Ms Gibb.

The prosecution reduced the second charge from attempted murder to aggravated
assault as part of a plea bargain.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 1999 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                              475 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              July 6, 2010 Tuesday

PAID 86G FOR NO WHEEZIN' - 'IRON MAN' TRIATHLETE ON FDNY LUNG DISABILITY

BYLINE: CARL CAMPANILE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 937 words


He's got some pair of lungs on him!

Retired FDNY Lt. John McLaughlin has literally run off with a fat, taxexempted
disability pension - despite being known as "Iron Man" in the Long Island
hometown where he regularly trains and competes as a triathlete, The Post has
learned.

The 55-year-old Long Beach councilman was deemed an asthmatic with diminished
lung capacity when the city granted him a three-quarters-pay, $86,000-a-year
disability pension two months after 9/11 - earning him the sarcastic moniker
"Johnny Lungs" among neighbors.

Despite his pulmonary disability, McLaughlin is a long-distance runner who since
his retirement has competed in the New York Marathon, half-marathon races and
even grueling triathlons that also include strenuous biking and swimming,
sources said.

The "disabled" man places high in local and regional races and frequently wins
his age group, running impressive six-minute miles. He's often seen jogging and
biking on the Long Beach boardwalk.

"John is an incredibly fast runner. He runs like the wind," said one fellow Long
Island athlete.

The runner, who requested anonymity because of McLaughlin's status as a
councilman, said his disability pension was beyond the pale. "He has diminished
lung capacity? I wish I had diminished lung capacity to run like that."

Adding insult to injury, McLaughlin ran for the FDNY's marathon team - after
retiring.

The Fire Department newsletter even applauded McLaughlin's performance that
helped the FDNY defeat the NYPD runners in the New York Marathon in 2006,
finishing the race in just over 3 hours.

"He [McLaughlin] is a poster child for what's wrong with the pension system.
It's hard to believe it's true," said Carol Kellerman, head of the Citizens
Budget Commission.

"Either he had a miraculous recovery or it's a symbol of a very liberal
interpretation of a disability in the Fire Department pension system."

FDNY medical records show that McLaughlin, a 20-year veteran, was diagnosed with
bronchial asthma before 9/11 - and he retired in November 2001.

McLaughlin - who was assigned to then Fire Commissioner Thomas Von Essen's
office after being placed on light duty following his diagnosis - told The Post
he worked at Ground Zero for at least two days.

"His friends call him 'Johnny Lungs' because of his disability. Everyone knows
it's a joke," said one Long Beach insider.

Another longtime Long Beach resident said: "In this little town, he's the 'Iron
Man.' "

Less than a year after retirement, McLaughlin placed second in Hempstead's 2002
Triathlon.

A Post review found McLaughlin competing in other races including:

* Long Beach's 10-mile Memorial Day run on May 30.

* The Long Island half-marathon in May of this year and last.

* The Staten Island 5K run in April.

* The July 2008 Massapequa Firecracker 5K run.

* Long Beach's annual Turkey Trot in 2007, where he finished first.

* Long Beach's 4-mile Snowflake run in 2008.

Reached last week, McLaughlin defended his pension as legitimate. He read from
the FDNY medical and pension board papers that diagnosed him with "bronchial
asthma." Under the so-called lung bill, a condition that results in reduced
respiratory function is presumed job-related for pension purposes.

"In the last year on the Fire Department, I started getting shortness of breath.
I had an episode where I couldn't stop coughing," said McLaughlin, who worked at
Ladder 43 in Harlem before his light-duty reassignment.

"I didn't want to leave the Fire Department. I love the Fire Department. I
didn't have a choice," said McLaughlin, whose son-in-law is an FDNY firefighter.

McLaughlin said he takes three different medications daily - a steroid spray, a
bronchial dilator and a pill to keep his asthma in check. He said he keeps
himself in "very, very good shape" and claimed that his vigorous training
bolsters his health.

"The better shape I'm in, the less it will impact my life. Does it impact my
life? Absolutely. There are times when I think I could do a workout and I
can't," he said.

FDNY doctors have insisted it's not their fault that they're approving lucrative
disability pensions that are exempt from state and local income taxes.

They said state laws passed by the labor-friendly state Legislature force them
to OK generous disability payouts - even if there's no conclusive evidence
linking the firefighters' conditions to their jobs.

Additional reporting by Reuven Blau

---

"[John McLaughlin] is a poster child for what's wrong with the pension system. .
. . Either he had a miraculous recovery or it's a symbol of a very liberal
interpretation of a disability in the Fire Department pension system."  - Carol
Kellerman, head of the Citizens Budget Commission Kellerman

Iron Man John McLaughlin's (right) runs on an FDNY disability pension:

* Finished 12th in Long Beach's 10-mile Memorial Day run on May 30.

* Placed second in the 50-59 age group and 19th overall in the Staten Island 5K
run in April.

* Placed first in age group and 24th overall in the Long Island Half Marathon in
May 2009.

* Placed first for age group and 30th overall in July 2008 Massapequa
Firecracker 5K run.

* Place eighth overall and first in age group in Long Beach's February 2008
Snowflake 4-mile run.

* Took first place overall in Long Beach's annual Turkey Trot in November 2007.

* Placed eighth overall and first in age group in Port Washington's 2007 Labor
Day run.

* Finished fourth overall and first in his age group in Long Beach July 4
Boardwalk Race in 2007.

* Finished fifth in 2006 New Hyde Park 5-mile run in a swift 5:48 permile pace.

* Finished second in Town of Hempstead's 2002 Triathlon.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -John McLaughlin.  [Victor Alcorn] -Marathon runners.  [Paul Martinka]
-John McLaughlin as Long Beach councilman. -John McLaughlin.  [Victor Alcorn]
-Marathon runners.  [Paul Martinka]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              476 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 2, 2015 Saturday
                         The New York Times on the Web

Bulls, Healthy for a Change, Face a Diminished Cavaliers Team

BYLINE: By VICTOR MATHER

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Sports Desk; Pg.

LENGTH: 687 words


The Chicago Bulls of recent years have risen or fallen with Derrick Rose. A
seeming championship trajectory earlier in this decade went wrong primarily
because of his injuries. Now he is healthy again, and the Bulls have advanced to
the N.B.A.'s Eastern Conference semifinals to face the Cleveland Cavaliers, who
have a serious injury issue of their own.

Rose played every playoff game for the Bulls from 2009, his rookie year, to
2011, when the team was 62-20 and advanced to the conference finals and Rose won
the N.B.A.'s Most Valuable Player Award.

The next season, the Bulls tied for the best record in the league and seemed
poised for a championship. That dream ended in their first playoff game, against
the Philadelphia 76ers on April 28, 2012. With 1 minute 20 seconds left and the
Bulls heading for a victory, Rose landed awkwardly after driving the lane and
fell to the court in pain. He had torn the anterior cruciate ligament in his
left knee. Without him, the Bulls dropped four of the next five games and were
eliminated by the eighth-seeded Sixers.

Rose's injury was bad enough that he missed all of 2012-13. Late that season,
with Rose back practicing, feverish speculation began that he would return for
the end of the season or the playoffs. When he did not, many fans and news media
members were sharply critical. It was a low point for a player who was recently
a league M.V.P.

Few would have picked that Bulls team to fare well in the playoffs, but Chicago
overachieved, beating the favored Nets in a hard-fought seven-game series.

Next up was LeBron James and the defending champion Heat, who were 66-16 in the
regular season. In a memorable Game 1, the Bulls -- without Rose, the All-Star
Luol Deng or Kirk Hinrich, Rose's backup -- beat the Heat behind a career-high
27 from 5-foot-9 Nate Robinson. That was the high-water mark, though, as the
Heat won the next four games.

Rose returned for 2013-14, but after 10 so-so games, he missed the rest of the
season with a meniscus tear in his right knee. This season, he missed 20
straight games from late February to early April with the same injury.

After easing back into the last five games of the regular season, Rose cranked
it up for the playoffs, including a 34-point effort in a Game 3 win over the
Milwaukee Bucks in the first round.

His teammates seem to appreciate his return. ''He makes everything easier for
everybody,'' his backcourt partner, Jimmy Butler, told The Associated Press
after Game 3.

Although he is only 26, his many injuries have meant that Rose has never
returned to the statistical heights of his first few seasons. He acknowledged
feeling winded at times in the Bucks series, and he has had a few poor
performances, including a 5-for-20 shooting effort in Game 5.

The good news for the Bulls is that in his absence over the past few years they
have developed into a strong team with or without him. Butler averaged 25 points
in the Milwaukee series, and he and Pau Gasol were All-Stars.

Now, as in 2013, the Bulls face a second-round series against a team led by
James. And it is his Cavaliers who are now missing key players.

Power forward Kevin Love, the team's top rebounder, is out for the season after
dislocating his shoulder in the final game of a first-round sweep of the Boston
Celtics. Starting guard J.R. Smith is suspended for the first two games of the
series after committing a flagrant foul.

In the absence of Love, the Cavs will need more from Tristan Thompson, a solid
sixth man whose high in the Celtics series was 12 points. There will also be
more pressure on the two remaining members of Cleveland's big three, Kyrie
Irving and James.

The loss of Smith for two games is also a blow, as his backup, Iman Shumpert,
does not have the same touch from 3-point territory.

Despite these setbacks, Cleveland remains favored in the series, perhaps because
of home-court advantage and the never-to-be-underestimated James factor.

But with Chicago looking stronger than the team that won 50 games in the regular
season and Cleveland looking weaker than its 53 wins, the result is far from
certain.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/02/sports/basketball/bulls-healthy-for-a-change-f
ace-a-diminished-cavaliers-team.html

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                              477 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 11, 2010 Saturday

Labor leader's trust drastically diminished

BYLINE: The Citizens' Voice, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 957 words


Dec. 11--An Exeter couple named by the late labor leader Anthony F. Kane Jr. to
oversee a $1 million charitable trust drained the trust of nearly all its funds,
spending the money on golf expenses, personal purchases and questionable loans
and fees, according to documents filed this week in Luzerne County Court.

A court-appointed administrator estimates that Kane's estate, valued at $1.3
million when he died in December 2001, is now worth little more than $2,400.

His hand-picked trustees, Gloria and Joel Riegel, should be held in contempt of
court for failing to heed a court order requiring them to account for the
trust's finances and ordered to repay the money, according to the documents
filed by the administrator, the state Attorney General's Office and the United
Way of Wyoming Valley, which was designated by Kane to receive proceeds from the
trust.

The recent legal filings provide new information on the condition of Kane's
estate, which has been tied up in civil court since 2006.

The Riegels, removed as trustees in 2007, have also been the subject of a
criminal investigation by the state Attorney General's Office in connection with
the trust. The Attorney General's press office did not respond Friday to a
request for an update on that investigation.

Gloria Riegel declined comment when reached by telephone Friday.

The Riegels, former union officials with the Pennsylvania State Education
Association, knew Kane from his days as the teachers union president in the
Wyoming Valley West School District. Kane, a music teacher, was also recording
secretary of Musicians Union Local 140.

In his will, the childless widower named the Riegels as his executors and
appointed them to watch over the trust, which was to annually donate its
investment income to the United Way.

The United Way received about $142,000 between 2002 and 2006, but the donations
stopped after the nonprofit and the Attorney General's Charitable Trusts and
Organizations Section initiated legal proceedings in Luzerne County Court
seeking a detailed accounting of the trust's finances. They alleged the trust
had made improper and under-documented loans to friends of the Riegels.

Former President Judge Michael T. Conahan presided over several hearings in the
case before leaving the bench in January 2009 due to his arrest in a federal
corruption case. Conahan had removed the Riegels as trustees in 2007 and named
his law clerk, Michael Shucosky, to oversee the trust, but the case dragged on
as the parties argued over who had access to trust documents and the Riegels
unsuccessfully appealed their removal in state Superior Court.

The case was assigned earlier this year to Senior Judge Charles Brown Jr., whose
order for a more detailed accounting led to the most recent legal filings.

United Way President David Lee said Friday that he hoped Brown would require
Conahan, Shucosky and Wilkes-Barre attorney Anthony Lupas, who prepared Kane's
will and represented the trust when it was formed, to testify about their roles
in the case.

"I hope this judge will call attorney Lupas and ask him why he gave us letters
saying this money was being well-managed," Lee said. "I hope he calls in
Conahan, who would not listen to our pleas to take a look at any of this stuff
for five years.

"Tony Kane loved the United Way," Lee said. "It's such a disgrace. There's so
many tough issues we're facing now and the $1 million would really make a
difference today.

"It's just a shame the court system failed us so miserably under Judge Conahan."

Conahan pleaded guilty earlier this year to accepting $2.8 million in kickbacks
for his role in lodging juvenile defendants in two for-profit detention centers.
He faces up to 20 years in prison. His attorney, Philip Gelso, said Conahan
would have no comment. Efforts to reach Shucosky and Lupas were unsuccessful.

The Attorney General's Office has questioned the $66,000 in legal fees the trust
paid to Lupas and a codicil added to Kane's will 11 days before his death that
left Lupas $45,000.

Lupas denied any wrongdoing in an interview in September.

The Attorney General's Office has also questioned nearly $145,000 in fees and
reimbursements the Riegels reported they received from the trust plus tens of
thousands of dollars in additional legal fees charged to the trust.

The Riegels claimed the bulk of the trust's money, $588,000, was loaned to a
friend of the Riegels, Kathryn Cubillo, whose home in California was pledged as
collateral.

But Cubillo denied she had received that much money from the trust, claiming she
had borrowed only $42,000. Amid questions over the authenticity of the loan
documents, a judge in Placer County, Calif., ruled the mortgage on Cubillo's
home claimed by the trust was not valid.

The Attorney General's Office claims that Gloria Riegel set up "fraudulent joint
bank accounts" using her name and Cubillo's without Cubillo's knowledge.

"These joint accounts received more than $375,000 from the Estate but were used
for the personal use of the Riegels and not for the trust," according to the
filing made this week by the Attorney General's Office.

The Riegels spent that money on country club and golf expenses, life insurance
policies, phone bills, pet care, expenses related to homes they once owned in
the Poconos and Florida and other goods and services, according to the Attorney
General's Office.

djanoski@citizensvoice.com, 570-301-2178

To see more of The Citizens' Voice or to subscribe to the newspaper, visit
http://www.citizensvoice.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Citizens' Voice,
Wilkes-Barre, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101211-YC-Labor-leader-s-trust-drastically-diminished-1211-20101211

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YC


                       Copyright 2010 The Citizens' Voice


                              478 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           January 30, 1992 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

STREP BACTERIA GROWING RESISTANT TO ANTIBIOTIC

BYLINE: By MIKE TONER, Palm Beach Post-Cox News Service

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 377 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA


Strep A, the family of bacteria that causes a host of infections, ranging

from simple strep throat to the fatal blood infection that killed Muppets

creator Jim Henson, is becoming resistant to one of the world's most widely

used antibiotics.

Finnish researchers reported Wednesday that up to 44 percent of the Strep A
cases there are showing a "rapid and substantial" increase in resistance

to erythromycin, used to treat such infections for 40 years.

The diminished effectiveness of the antibiotic comes at a time when U.S.

health authorities are reporting an increase in outbreaks of new, more

virulent strains of strep bacteria that can cause scarlet fever, acute

rheumatic fever and streptococcal toxic shock, the blood infection that killed
Henson.

Widespread resistance to erythromycin has been documented only in Finland. But
Dr. Thomas O'Brien of Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston said

Wednesday that it should "sound an alarm" in the United States as well,

where resistant strains could spread, or emerge independently.

Dr. Benjamin Schwartz, an epidemiologist with the Centers for Disease

Control's respiratory disease branch in Atlanta, said there is no evidence

that Strep A infections in the United States are resistant to any antibiotics.
But he said health authorities in the United States do not ordinarily test Strep
A infections for susceptibility to the antibiotics used to combat them. "I see
no cause for alarm," he said. "There is no shortage of cheap,

safe, effective drugs for Strep A, but this should serve as a reminder that we
need to remain vigilant and stay one step ahead of the bacteria."

Penicillin-- the most widely used antibiotic for Group A Strep infections --
shows no sign of diminished effectiveness, but Finnish researchers warned

in Wednesday's issue of The New England Journal of Medicine that resistance to
erythromycin in Finland is a "major clinical concern." It is used to treat

10 percent of all strep infections and is the drug of choice for anyone

allergic to penicillin.

Strep throat, most common among children, usually runs its course without
complications. But untreated, it can have severe complications-- including

scarlet fever and rheumatic fever, a life-threatening disease that affects the
heart, joints and nervous system.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Ran all editions

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 1992 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              479 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Anniston Star (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 1, 2011 Friday

Anniston city schools face challenge of diminished enrollment

BYLINE: Laura Camper, The Anniston Star, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 863 words


July 01--At the Anniston Board of Education meeting Tuesday, parent and resident
Stanley Wilson voiced his concerns about the high school's continued presence on
the state's school improvement list and the city's lack of public school choice.
But his comments highlighted another issue facing the school -- the large number
of students, about 20 percent, who live in the Anniston school district but are
educated in other situations.

The system has 2,400 students enrolled. A fairly large group of the school-age
children in Anniston are privately schooled, whether in other institutions or in
homes. In March 2011, 474 students were being schooled in private situations,
down slightly from 502 in March 2010 and 495 in March 2009.

Their parents were making choices that not all parents are in a position to
make, a fact to which Wilson alluded.

"If I am told that I can only send my child to Anniston High School although it
is in its fifth year of school improvement for missing AYP (adequate yearly
progress), there is a problem," he told board members.

The federal No Child Left Behind Act of 2001 requires states to make certain
goals for its schools. If a school doesn't meet one of the goals it doesn't make
adequate yearly progress under the act. If it doesn't make adequate yearly
progress for two years in a row, it is placed on the school improvement list. To
get off the list, it must make adequate yearly progress for two years in a row.
Anniston, which in 2009-2010 met 11 of 13 goals, has been on the list for five
years.

The act lists school choice as the first option for parents whose children
attend an underperforming school, said Cyndi Townley, program administrator for
school choice for Alabama Supplemental Educational Services.

However, Anniston, with its one high school, doesn't have another high school
within the system for students to attend. That means those parents' option
becomes free tutoring.

Anniston has been offering additional educational opportunities for students as
required by the law, Superintendent Joan Frazier said. But since there is no
other in-system high school, the system doesn't offer public school choice.

That doesn't mean she's not asked. She receives dozens of parental requests to
transfer their children to other school systems.

"I deny people practically on a monthly basis," Frazier said.

Still students are leaving. Wilson pointed out that while the population of
Anniston is about 51 percent black, the student population at the high school is
about 95 percent black. That discrepancy, which he described as being a result
of white flight, is an indication that school choice is available to white
parents but not to black parents, he said.

After the meeting, Frazier said she's not sure why the population of students is
so overwhelmingly black. The system keeps track of the number -- although not
ethnicity -- of students who attend private schools and even if all of them were
white, and she knows they are not, it would not create a 51 percent black
majority in the school system, she said.

The school system is not legally bound to create any type of partnership with
another school system to allow public school choice and it has not.

"The law only is accommodating to parents who transfer within a district,"
Townley said.

School systems lose money when they lose students. State and federal school
funding is based on the enrollment of students at the schools. That's how the
schools earn funding for teachers and support workers and they earn general
funding on a per student basis. A school that is suffering academically can
suffer financially if students suddenly start transferring to another school and
that can be detrimental to students who continue to attend the school.

A loss of teachers could eventually lead to less variety in electives, Townley
said.

Principal Sherron Jinadu said the high school has tried a variety of measures to
keep that from happening. It has tapped into the computer-based classes the
state department offers to students and Anniston students have taken advantage
of them. About 20 percent of the senior class this past year took the Advanced
Placement English class through the computer-based classes, Jinadu said.

Jinadu has also worked to create other opportunities for students through
partnerships. The school this year will have a dual-enrollment teacher education
program with Jacksonville State University to allow students interested in
teaching to attend a university class during the day.

Jinadu, like Wilson, would like to see more ethnic diversity at the high school.
Continuing to promote the unique offerings at the high school like the
partnership with JSU could help turn things around, the principal said.

"The only thing you can do is just try to promote your school in a positive way
and show what you have to offer," Jinadu said.

To see more of The Anniston Star or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.annistonstar.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Anniston Star, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110701-AO-Anniston-city-schools-face-challenge-of-diminished
-enrollment-0701-20110701

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AO


                        Copyright 2011 The Anniston Star


                              480 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                            January 26, 2010 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Manson awaits final verdict;
RETRO REPORT How we covered...

BYLINE: Tony Woolway

SECTION: LETTERS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 269 words


HIPPY leader Charles Manson, and three of the girls who thought he was god, face
death in the gas chamber after being convicted in the Sharon Tate murder trial
today.

Manson, 36, was found guilty of masterminding the murders of seven people -
actress Sharon Tate and four others at her Bel Air home, and millionaire
supermarket owner Leno La Bianca and his wife at a nearby house the next night.

Two of the girls he called his witches who, like him, carved 'X's into their
foreheads to show they had crossed themselves out of society - were convicted of
all seven murders.

They are Patricia Krenwinkel, 23, and Susan Atkins, 22. A third girl, Leslie Van
Houten, 21, was found guilty of the two La Bianca murders. Their fate depends on
the same jury of seven men and five women which found them guilty. They will
decide if it should be life or death at a second "penalty phase" of the trial.

The prosecution alleged Manson ordered the murders to trigger a weird
apocalyptic prophecy about racial strife, which he named "Helter Skelter" after
a Beatles song.

"It was," said prosecutor Vincent Bugliosi, "the most bizarre crime of the
century."

Few doubt that Manson is destined to join the 90 other prisoners waiting on
California's "death row".

The three girls from the "family" on trial may go to a "correctional facility".

"These girls," said Mr Bugliosi, "are not suffering from diminished mental
capacity. Their trouble is diminished heart, diminished soul."

Footnote: In 1972, the California Supreme Court abolished the death penalty in
the state and all of the defendants are serving life sentences.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: wm


                    Copyright 2010 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              481 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly

                                 March 3, 2003

Mass. Supreme Judicial Court Case Summaries: March 3, 2003

BYLINE: Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1118  words


Criminal

Attempt - Overt Act

Where a defendant was convicted of attempted kidnapping, the conviction was
correctly reversed by the Appeals Court on the ground that the criminal
complaint was insufficient in failing to allege an overt act.

"The Commonwealth's primary argument on further appellate review is that this
court's decision in Commonwealth v. Fernandes, 430 Mass. 517 (1999), 'implicitly
overruled' earlier precedent requiring complaints and indictments alleging
contempt to explicitly allege an overt act. We agree with the Appeals Court that
nothing in Fernandes alters this principle. ...

"Because there is a question whether the overt act requirement remains valid to
fully and plainly describe the charge of attempt to the defendant, or if it
reflects an anachronistic view of sufficient indictments and complaints, we
shall refer the question to the standing advisory committee on the Massachusetts
Rules of Criminal Procedure for study. Thereafter, the committee shall take such
action as it deems appropriate. "

The full text of this decision can be found on Lawyers Weekly's website,
www.masslawyersweekly.com.

Commonwealth v. Lourenco (Lawyers Weekly No. 10-036-03) (2 pages) (Rescript)
(SJC) Appealed from a judgment entered by Hurley, P.J., in District Court. Mary
E. Lee for the commonwealth; Kevin J. Reddington for the defendant (Docket No.
SJC-08849).

Murder In First Degree - Diminished Capacity - Effective Assistance

Where a defendant has been convicted of murdering his estranged wife, the
conviction should be affirmed, as the defendant's trial counsel was not
ineffective.

"The strategy at trial was to challenge the elements of premeditation and malice
based on diminished mental capacity. He admitted shooting and killing his wife,
but attempted to show that, due to his deteriorating mental state, he was unable
to premeditate or form the requisite malice necessary for murder in the first
degree at the time he pulled the trigger. He was therefore, he argues, guilty
only of voluntary manslaughter, or, at most, murder in the second degree. On
appeal [defendant Thomas N.] LaCava claims that his trial counsel was
ineffective by (1) failing to pursue a defense of lack of criminal
responsibility, (2) ineffectively presenting the defense theory of diminished
capacity, (3) waiving a 'humane practice' instruction regarding statements
LaCava made to the police and others, (4) advising him to plead guilty to
violating the protective order, and (5) failing to present an adequate voluntary
manslaughter argument based on provocation. He also claims that his right to a
fair trial was abridged because he was dressed in State-issued institutional
clothing during the course of his trial. Finally, LaCava asks us to invoke our
power under G.L.c. 278, Sect. 33E, to reduce the verdict to manslaughter, or to
order a new trial. ... [W]e affirm the conviction and decline to exercise our
powers under G.L.c. 278, Sect. 33E, to order a new trial or reduce the murder
conviction to a lesser degree of guilt. We also affirm the orders denying his
motions for a new trial. "

The full text of this decision can be found on Lawyers Weekly's website,
www.masslawyersweekly.com.

Commonwealth v. LaCava (Lawyers Weekly No. 10-034-03) (23 pages) (Cordy, J.)
(SJC) Case tried before Lauriat, J.; motions for new trial heard by Toomey, J.,
in Superior Court. Benjamin H. Keehn on appeal for the defendant; Christopher P.
Hodgens for the commonwealth (Docket No. SJC-06923).

Domestic Relations

QDRO - Attorney's Fees

Where a qualified domestic relations order has been entered requiring a divorced
woman to pay her ex-husband's counsel fees out of her retirement fund, the order
must be amended so as to include only those fees related to the collection of
back child support.

"This litigation involves complaints brought by the plaintiff, the former
husband, against the defendant, his former wife, for modification of a judgment
of divorce nisi and for contempt. ... We transferred the case to this court on
our own motion to decide, among other questions, whether a qualified domestic
relations order (QDRO), which required the mother to pay attorney's fees and
costs to the father out of her retirement fund, violated the QDRO exception to
the antiassignment and antialienation provision of the Employment Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA), see 29 U.S.C. Sect. 1056(d)(3) (2000). We
conclude that the QDRO was properly entered, but that the amount of funds
specified therein must be recalculated. On other issues argued by the mother, we
conclude that (1) the judge did not; abuse her discretion in the assessment of
attorney's fees; (2) the exclusion of evidence offered by the mother at trial
does not warrant a new trial; (3) the mother may move, if she chooses, to have
the order concerning visitation reexamined in light of present circumstances;
(4) the judge erroneously awarded the father sole ownership of property he
removed from the former marital home; and (5) the mother was properly found in
contempt. ...

"We conclude that the QDRO in this case is permissible, but overbroad. The
father's attorney is entitled to a QDRO to recover attorney's fees in connection
with his work related to the order establishing back child support owed by the
mother because that order collects arrearages. The amount stated in the QDRO
must be recalculated to allow an award of attorney's fees for only those
services. The father's attorney's time spent on other aspects of the case
(obtaining custody, preparing a submission to the GAL, establishing a case of
contempt and providing numerous other services) cannot be included in the QDRO
because they do not relate to the 'provision of child support, alimony payments,
or marital property rights. ' In summary on this part of the case: the over-all
award of attorney's fees was properly handled and appropriate as to amount. The
QDRO, however, will be vacated because the sum included therein represents
attorney's fees for matters outside the scope of the QDRO exception. The father
may petition the Probate and Family Court for the approval of a new QDRO,
limited to the attorney's fees attributable to the past child support order. "

The full text of this decision can be found on Lawyers Weekly's website,
www.masslawyersweekly.com.

Silverman v. Spiro (Lawyers Weekly No. 10-035-03) (19 pages) (Greaney, J.) (SJC)
Complaints for contempt and modification heard by Shaevel, J.; motion for entry
of qualified domestic relations order heard by Carey, J., in the Probate &
Family Court. Michael J. Traft and Rosanne Klovee for the defendant wife; Debra
Grossman, Patricia M. Davis and John K. Leslie for the plaintiff husband (Docket
No. SJC-08819).

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              482 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            January 10, 2017 Tuesday

Tax credit faces ax

BYLINE: NICK SMITH Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 502 words


Lawmakers say a bill that would eliminate the angel fund investment tax credit
and expand the state's seed capital investment tax credit would provide needed
transparency to a decade-long program. However, one angel fund manager says it
would hamper investment in the state.

Members of the House Finance and Taxation Committee reviewed House Bill 1045,
which would phase out the credit after Dec. 31. Investors would then have to
utilize the state's seed capital investment tax credit.

The angel fund tax credit drew fire from lawmakers during the interim over a
perceived lack of transparency. The issue of investments being made in
out-of-state companies that may not be providing a return for the state was a
major concern.

Information provided by the commerce department to an interim committee that
reviewed angel funds showed that, for angel funds from 2011 to 2014, investments
totaling $41.3 million have been made by 116 companies.

Sixty-one of the 116 companies identified themselves as North Dakota-based. Of
the out-of-state companies, 18 have an operating presence in North Dakota.

Valley Angel Investment Fund LLC Chairman Tommy Kenville said more stringent
guidelines are needed to weed out bad apples, but the angel fund should remain
in place to allow the fledgling venture capital industry more time to grow.

"If access to capital is diminished, venture development will be diminished,"
Kenville said. "North Dakota needs more angel funds, not fewer, and North Dakota
needs more capital for growth of startup industries and other ventures vital for
innovation."

He suggested extending the sunset to 2021 to provide more time for investors.

The angel fund investment tax credit was created during the 2007 session and has
been repeatedly modified in later sessions. After its creation, the seed capital
credit fell by the wayside due to its more stringent requirements.

HB1045 would raise the lifetime limit in credits for an investor to $4 million,
and the annual cap on what can be claimed would be doubled to $225,000.

The overall amount of seed capital investment tax credits available annually
would be raised from $3.5 million to $15 million.

Businesses would be required to provide annual reporting to the state tax
commissioner's office for five years.

The North Dakota angel fund investment tax credit in its current form is
available to all income-tax payers. A taxpayer can claim 45 percent of the
amount to each angel fund each taxable year, capped at $45,000 per year with a
lifetime limit of $500,000 in credits.

To receive the credit, an angel fund must be organized with the intent of
investing in at least three primary-sector non-publicly traded businesses with
strong growth potential.

"The credit is an important tool," said Rep. Jason Dockter, R-Bismarck.

He added that transparency and oversight need to be beefed up since the interim
committee learned of the split on investments in and out of state.

(Reach Nick Smith at 701-250-8255 or 701-223-8482 or at
nick.smith@bismarcktribune.com)

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2017 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              483 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Manawatu Standard (New Zealand)

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

The man who brought opera to the masses

SECTION: FEATURES; NATIONAL; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 804 words


Tibor Rudas. Impresario, born February 20, 1920; died September 8, 2014, aged
94.

--------------------

If Tibor Rudas could have brought the Three Tenors to the O2 Arena to sing along
with Sarah Brightman and Kate Bush, he would have done it. More than that, the
tickets would have sold out in a heartbeat.

The half-Jewish Hungarian acrobat, who as a young man spent six months in the
Bergen-Belsen concentration camp, was one of the greatest music impresarios of
the age.

He brought opera to the masses and in doing so made Luciano Pavarotti the most
instantly recognisable tenor in history.

Thanks to the horrified reaction of purists, Rudas was sometimes called "the
most hated man in opera".

When Rudas first came up with the idea of harnessing the combined vocal power of
Pavarotti, Placido Domingo and Jose Carreras for a series of concerts in the
world's foremost arenas, the musical establishment scoffed at his vulgarity. It
was assumed that few "ordinary" people would be interested in the spectacle and
that the singers would be diminished in stature. Instead, the Three Tenors, as
the operatic equivalent of a rock super-group, became an international
phenomenon, attracting huge audiences wherever they went.

The critics, notoriously sniffy, had perhaps forgotten that in opera there is
always an element of the unbelievable.

It is an art form built around exaggeration, in which the voice, allied to star-
power, is essential to the enjoyment of a frequently absurd dramatic premise.

And what could be more dramatic, colourful and powerful - perhaps even absurd -
than the sight of Pavarotti onstage (in no way diminished), handkerchief in
hand, belting out O Sole Mio or Nessun Dorma to thousands at Wembley, the
Dodgers Stadium in Los Angeles or beneath the span of the Eiffel Tower, while
millions more watch on television across the globe?

The concerts were notable not only for their high production values and
sumptuous locations, but for their strong link to football, to which all three
tenors, as well as Rudas, were passionately devoted.

In the public imagination at least, the most memorable performances were those
that kick-started world cups, in Rome (1990), Los Angeles (1994) and Paris
(1998). Rudas, ever the showman, did not mind people thinking that it was he who
forged the link.

In fact, it was the Italian producer Mario Dradi, who, in 1989, came up with the
idea. Carreras had recently recovered from leukaemia and Dradi had suggested
that Pavarotti and Domingo might wish to welcome him back to the stage in
celebration of the World Cup finals to be held in Italy in 1990, with proceeds
going to Carreras' Leukaemia Foundation. The three singers jumped at the chance,
but saw it exclusively as a one-off, charity event.

This is where Rudas stepped in. It was he, having witnessed the success of the
Rome concert, who saw the immense commercial possibilities of a tie-up between
football and opera. It took him three years to secure the agreement of the trio.

They kept refusing, wishing, he said, to keep the Rome concert "in their minds
as a memory for the rest of their lives". But he persisted, and following a
meeting with Joao Havelange, then president of Fifa, football's world governing
body, their resistance broke down and the deal was done.

The result, in 1994, was an even grander event in Los Angeles, held in Dodgers
Stadium, backed by the city's celebrated philharmonic orchestra under the baton
of Zubin Mehta. Every seat was sold, even at US$1000 a time, and the show went
out on television to 103 countries.

Frank Sinatra was in the audience, and as We like to be in America, adapted from
West Side Story, rang out across the bleachers, he offered his own standing
ovation.

Tibor Rudas was born in Budapest in 1920. His father, who was Jewish, worked for
an engineering company; his mother was a seamstress. Tibor trained as a boy
soprano, while also developing skills as an acrobat and dancer.

Years later, while pursuing business studies at university, he and his twin
brother Andras were arrested by agents of the puppet government installed by the
Germans in 1944 and sent to Bergen- Belsen. Fortunately for them, liberation was
not long off. In April, 1945, British troops arrived.

While an inmate at Bergen-Belsen, Rudas had met Anna Sugar, a fellow prisoner,
whom he promised to marry if they survived. He kept his word, but the couple,
who, with his brother Andras, had made up Sugar Baba and the Rudas Twins, later
divorced. His second wife, Leonie- Spedding-Smith, an Australian whom he married
in 1970, was involved in her husband's business career, particularly in the area
of costumes and stage design. She died in 2012.

The couple had three daughters, Kim, Evelyn and Marilyn, and a son, Dean, who
followed his father into the theatre business. All four survive him.

The Times

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              484 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                            February 1, 2010 Monday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

Against Boston, Lakers take it outside

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 477 words


BOSTON - The Lakers some day might stick with their inside game long enough to
pummel an opponent into submission for four quarters.

Sunday was not that day, however.

The Lakers started their 90-89 victory over the Boston Celtics by going inside
to Andrew Bynum and Pau Gasol with great success. Bynum had 12 points on a
variety of dunks and power moves plus four rebounds. Gasol had four points and
three rebounds.

The Lakers led, 30-19, at the end of the first quarter.

Then they decided to go away from what was working for the better part of the
next three quarters. They lost their lead and trailed by as many as 11 points in
the fourth quarter before rallying to win in the closing seconds.

It was a familiar and frustrating scenario for Bynum, who finished with 19
points and 11 rebounds. Gasol had 11 points and 11 rebounds.

"We got up by (13 points) and me and Pau were kicking (the Celtics' rear ends)
on the inside, so to go away from it is kind of crazy," Bynum said. "I don't
know why we go away from that sometimes."

There is no question the ancient, creaking, rodent- infested Boston Garden was a
challenging place for opponents, and especially for teams from Los Angeles, New
York and Philadelphia in the 1950s, '60s, '70s and '80s.

Jackson recalled how college students who were Knicks fans from New York would
attend games in Boston and then trade punches with Celtics fans when he was
playing for the Knicks in the 1970s.

He also remembered how Celtics fans would shower opposing players with beer as
they walked to the locker rooms or even when they departed the arena to go for
dinner or drinks after a game.

Economics have diminished the intensity of the Boston fans, however.

Tickets now are too expensive for college students to afford and no one wants to
spend $12 or more on a beer just to toss it into the face of an opposing player.

"So, it's become more civilized," Jackson said, smiling.

Does that mean the old rivalries have died?

"These are just touchstone games," he said. "You come over and see how everybody
is doing. You play a little style and catch up with how everyone's doing on this
side of the country and then meet up with them at home in another month or so.

"There are certain coaches who preach, 'Don't help a player up off the floor,'
and 'Knock somebody down if they're going to the basket,' so there's still that
style going on. ... There's going to be a rivalry as far as the physical nature
of the game."

Diminished rivalries

Tough back-to-backs

The Lakers conclude their eight-game trip by playing at Memphis tonight. It's a
tough set of games, to be sure.

But the Lakers might have a tougher set Friday and Saturday when they face the
Denver Nuggets at Staples Center and the Trail Blazers in Portland.

"We never win in Portland, right?" Jackson said.

The Lakers have lost nine in a row at the Rose Garden.

---------

LAKERS NOTEBOOK

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Jim RogashGetty Images Boston's Kevin Garnett, right, looks over
toward members of the Lakers, who celebrate Sunday's 90-89 victory.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              485 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                            March 20, 2014 Thursday

Hawaii attorney general sues maker of drug Plavix

SECTION: NEWS; World

LENGTH: 454 words


HONOLULU (AP) Hawaii"s attorney general is suing the makers of a widely
prescribed blood thinner that he says a significant portion of the state"s
population has difficulty metabolizing.

Attorney General David Louie filed a lawsuit Wednesday against the manufacturers
and distributors of Plavix, marketed to work similarly to aspirin to prevent a
stroke or heart attack.

Louie alleges the manufacturers failed to disclose that Plavix has "diminished
or no effect" on people of East Asian or Pacific Islander descent because they
metabolize it poorly. He said the drug puts them at risk for gastrointestinal
bleeding and other complications. He wasn"t aware of any deaths as a result.

The suit names Bristol-Myers Squibb and Sanofi-Aventis as defendants. In a joint
statement, the companies said they won"t comment on pending litigation.

"Plavix is one of the most studied medicines with over a decade of real-world
experience in patients with acute coronary syndrome, recent stroke, recent heart
attack and peripheral arterial disease (PAD)," the statement said. "Plavix has
been prescribed to more than 115 million patients worldwide, including more than
50 million in the United States."

But Louie said the drug is ineffective for a significant portion of Hawaii"s
population.

He said more than 1 million Plavix prescriptions have been issued in Hawaii
since 1998, when the drug first started being marketed. It"s estimated that the
manufacturers made tens of millions in profits from those sales, including at
the state"s expense through Medicaid, Louie said.

Hawaii is the fifth state attorney general to file a lawsuit claiming unfair and
deceptive marketing of Plavix, after Louisiana, Mississippi, West Virginia and
California, said Richard Fried of the Honolulu law firm the attorney general"s
office hired to handle the lawsuit.

To work effectively, Plavix must be broken down by a particular liver enzyme.
But the Food and Drug Administration says 2 to 14 percent of people in the U.S.
have low levels of the enzyme, preventing them from successfully processing
Plavix. The likelihood of being a non-responder varies by race, according to the
FDA.

Plavix"s "diminished effectiveness is especially prevalent among Hawaii
consumers," the suit said.

According to 2010 Census data, Asians constitute nearly 39 percent of Hawaii"s
population; Pacific Islanders make up 10 percent; and nearly 24 percent of
people in Hawaii are of mixed race.

Sanofi said last year that the U.S. Justice Department was investigating its
disclosures to the FDA about different responses to Plavix. The company provided
no additional details but said it was cooperating with the probe.

__

Follow Jennifer Sinco Kelleher at http://www.twitter.com/JenHapa.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              486 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           January 29, 2004 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

THE 2004 CAMPAIGN: SOUTH CAROLINA;
Kerry and Edwards Face A Critical Test in the South

BYLINE:  By KATHARINE Q. SEELYE

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; National Desk; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 822 words

DATELINE: CHARLESTON, S.C., Jan. 28


Senator John Kerry expected the endorsement of a prominent African-American
congressman in the fight for South Carolina and has vowed to local political
leaders that he will not abandon the South in the fall should he become the
Democratic presidential nominee.

The state, one of the Feb. 3 primary and caucus states, poses one of the first
tests of whether Mr. Kerry, a son of New England, can have broad national
appeal. Just a few days ago, he sent shivers through Democratic officials in
this state when he said at a town-hall-style meeting at Dartmouth College in New
Hampshire this week that it was a "mistake" to think that a Democrat would lose
if he skipped the South.

"Everybody always makes the mistake of looking South," Mr. Kerry had said in
response to a question. "Al Gore proved he could have been president of the
United States without winning one Southern state, including his own."

Whether a Democrat can win in November without some support in the South is
hotly debated.

Senator John Edwards of North Carolina, who has staked his candidacy on winning
here, where he was born, has called such a strategy risky at best.

Dick Harpootlian, the former chairman of the state's Democratic Party, said
"there is no question" that the Kerry campaign was "looking for different
scenarios on how you put the pieces together" for the nomination and the general
election.

But Mr. Harpootlian and Senator Ernest F. Hollings, the state's senior senator
who endorsed Mr. Kerry last week, both said in interviews that Mr. Kerry had
assured them he would not write off the state this week or the South in the
fall.

"No way," Mr. Hollings said. "I wouldn't be for him if he was going to do that."

Mr. Kerry is to run commercials highlighting his Vietnam experience, has ramped
up his organization and is expecting the endorsement on Thursday of the state's
most prominent black official, Representative James E. Clyburn, who had backed
Representative Richard A. Gephardt.

South Carolina's primary is considered the gateway to the South. The state also
has a more diverse population than Iowa or New Hampshire. Depending on turnout,
as much as 50 percent of the primary electorate is expected to be
African-American.

Yet while all the candidates are scheduled to attend a debate on Thursday night
in Greenville, S.C., the state's role suddenly diminished in importance after
Mr. Gephardt, of Missouri, dropped out of the race and that state's delegates
were left up for grabs. Even the Rev. Al Sharpton, who has had South Carolina to
himself for the last few days, has rushed off to St. Louis.

"It's all falling apart," said Bill Moore, a political scientist at the College
of Charleston, of the state's erstwhile prominence. "It's kind of like the race
here is being left by default to John Edwards, so a victory here won't look like
much."

Roger Salazar, an Edwards spokesman, said he did not buy the argument that South
Carolina had diminished in importance. "Anyone who says that must not be
confident about how they're going to place," Mr. Salazar said.

Gen. Wesley K. Clark threw into doubt his commitment to campaigning here when
his airplane from New Hampshire was about to touch down here Tuesday night, only
to be diverted to Oklahoma. His aides blamed a mechanical problem and aviation
rules that would have prevented the crew from flying off first thing in the
morning, but officials here interpreted it as a sign of confusion within the
campaign and an implicit acknowledgment that General Clark could not compete
here with Mr. Edwards and Mr. Kerry.

"That was a serious error on Clark's part," Mr. Harpootlian said. "He has
basically ceded the state to Edwards, so that makes South Carolina a two-man
race between Kerry and Edwards. If Kerry wins here, he's the nominee."

Officials here said the black vote was split. Mr. Sharpton, who has barely
competed on the ground anywhere else, has visited South Carolina more than any
of the other candidates, spending most of his time in black churches. He is also
running radio commercials with endorsements from Russell Simmons, the hip-hop
impresario, and Johnny Cochran, the criminal lawyer, whose commercial puts Mr.
Sharpton in the same category with icons like the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King
Jr., Rosa Parks and Robert F. Kennedy.

"A lot of the black vote will be with Sharpton, and a lot will be with Clyburn
and Kerry," Mr. Hollings said. "But Edwards has been very clever, with his ads
and with his work -- he's put a lot of people in the field -- and he's got the
majority of them right now."

With Mr. Edwards staking the future of his candidacy on South Carolina, Mr.
Kerry faces a strategic dilemma here. If he invests heavily and loses, he could
intensify the concern that he would not play well in the South. On the other
hand, if he does not invest heavily here and loses to Mr. Edwards, the Edwards
candidacy could pick up steam as other Southern states start to vote.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Senator John Edwards took his campaign yesterday to South
Carolina State University in Orangeburg. (Photo by Associated Press)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              487 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                           December 30, 2004 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

The creatively barren, the skilfully butchered, the films we'll always hate

BYLINE: Todd Babiak andLiz Nicholls, The Edmonton Journal

SECTION: CULTURE; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 389  words

DATELINE: EDMONTON


In the midst of holiday bliss, it only makes sense to pay homage to the dull
creative forces that made Surviving Christmas and Christmas with the Kranks
possible. If they are not the very worst films of the year, they do exemplify
the badness in American culture, and in Hollywood, as well as anything else.

They are comedies filled with unfunny slapstick. They spit on the craft of
acting. They reduce scriptwriting to sticky-taping 300 cliches together, and
reduce Christmas to consumerism and the tendency for family and community
members to hate one another. As a society we should reject these films, and the
entire oeuvre of Ben Affleck, but we lack the strength. Hollywood has plenty
more cinematic insults where these came from.

Item: Torque. A motorcycle take on The Fast and the Furious, Torque reduced
every aspect of filmmaking to aggressive male poses and Hustler fantasies. Good
styles? Sexy poses? Not in the slightest. Torque absorbs everything stupid and
phoney and aggressive about contemporary North America and packages it in a
film. It was probably the most nightmarishly awful film of 2004.

But there were plenty more. How about Catwoman, the biggest mistake of Halle
Berry's career? It takes genuine skill to make an ugly, boring and unwatchable
film when you have one of the most beautiful women in the world in skimpy
leathers. Crappy kudos!

Affleck stunk up the nation in Jersey Girl, the Olsen twins diminished us all in
New York Minute and Queen Latifah diminished New York in Taxi. Alexander and
Troy made it seem unlikely that we will ever see the ancient world on film again
and The Passion of the Christ's heavenly and undeserved box office receipts made
it certain that we will.

Plenty of cynical, boob-centric comedies embarrassed the western world, none so
awful or obnoxious as Broken Lizard's Club Dread. In the family genre, Garfield:
The Movie sullied Bill Murray's near-perfect recent record and diminished the
historical resonance of a once-funny comic strip. Also see -- don't see -- Fat
Albert.

But, as with most years, the majority of Hollywood's offerings in 2004 were just
mildly bad, instantly forgotten, shocking in their ability to draw otherwise
smart actors: White Chicks, 50 First Dates and Welcome to Mooseport, to name but
a few.

tbabiak@thejournal.canwest.com

lnicholls@thejournal.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colour Photo: Supplied; They made us SO Kranky: Jamie Lee Curtis and
Tim Allen in Christmas with the Kranks

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              488 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                            November 24, 2008 Monday
                                 Final Edition

LETTERS

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 878 words


Unions and nurses

Re: Nov. 14 article "Nurses march on the Capitol over workloads."

Wake up, fellow nurses. At least we have jobs and make good money.

We would be foolish to make demands that the union would have us make. The union
is citing patient safety as a smokescreen so that it can a take a cut of our
paychecks.

We can ensure patient safety by using our own voices, following standards of
care, staying current on education and not getting distracted by empty promises.

Elizabeth Whitehead

Austin

Diminished state? Absolutely

Re: Nov. 16 editorial "Diminished state?"

Texas' prospects in tomorrow's national political affairs is as stunted as the
education rankings of her youth. The incessant pledge to cut taxes (meaning cut
services provided by taxes) has led Texas down a dirt road to nowhere.

For decades, Texas has proudly become a low-tax, low-service, low-achieving
state (football excepted).  Texas' performance is abysmal in every measure of
educational achievement - ACT scores, high school graduates going to college,
percentages of residents with college degrees, dropout rates, etc.

Texas ranks lowest in health insurance for children, with adults only slightly
better. Incarceration rates are appalling. Social services are inadequate.

Tomorrow's leaders will be incubated in places where high achievement is
standard and citizens understand that their welfare depends not on how little
taxes they paid, but on how much their elected leaders are able to cope with an
ever-expanding universe of complicated interactions on a global scale.

Billie Reaney

billie_reaney@msn.com

Georgetown

Catholics and politics

In recent days, there have been several articles about Catholic Church leaders
expressing opinions towards Catholics' voting habits and President-elect Barack
Obama. The church leaders seem to be saying that Catholics need to be guided in
their vote by religion.

Does this mean the Catholic Church is telling Catholics not to vote, because
voting for Republicans is not a vote guided by religion? The Republican Party
consistently votes against universal health care, votes for the death penalty
and does not respect the humanity of migrants.

Either the church needs to be quiet or start its own political party that
respects life in all its forms and in all its colors.

Joe Bennett

Kyle

Foster children

Re: Nov. 12 commentary "The mystery's in the numbers."

Jeff Katz sheds light on a serious problem: foster children waiting for an
adoptive family they can forever call their own. In Texas, several thousand
children are waiting for an adoptive home.

Recent federal legislation, the Fostering Connections to Success and Increasing
Adoptions Act of 2008, might help by providing additional funds to support
adoption. But unless Texas families step forward, these children will be without
a home.

Those interested in finding out more about adoption of a foster child in Texas
can visit

www.adoptchildren.org or call 800-233-3405.

Jane Burstain

Center for Public Policy Priorities

burstain@cppp.org

Austin

Get the 'good ol' boys' out

Re: Nov. 17 letter "Cleaning up Williamson."

I agree with the letter writer: It's time to get the "good ol' boys" out of
office.

The only problem is, we really don't agree. She wants the Republicans out of
office in Williamson County, and I would like all the mossback, Yellow Dog
Democrats removed from office in Travis County. We need a cleaning down here,
too.

It ain't going to happen here, and it probably ain't going to happen there,
either. The politicians in office tend to reflect the political leanings of the
citizens they represent. She doesn't like that fact in Williamson, and I don't
like it in Travis, but that is just the way it is.

So maybe the best for everyone is term limits, which would prevent politicians
from staying indefinitely and might give underfunded new candidates a chance to
show what they can do.

George Speir

Austin

Spellings' role in education

Re: Nov. 15 Under the Dome item "For Spellings, it's a wrap."

U.S. Education Secretary Margaret Spellings maintains that the No Child Left
Behind Act is helping. She claims that we have not picked up the pace and
therefore are not there yet.

Who is responsible for improving one's pace? She notes that Asia "is on fire
with improving education." Why has she not ignited a similar trend in the United
States?

She suggests that parents of minority students need to get mad because their
high school and college graduation rates lag sharply behind those of their white
counterparts. Anger gets us nowhere, and it won't pick up the pace.

Jason O. Rodriguez

docendo_discimus@sbcglobal.net

Austin

Offensive caricature

Re: Nov. 16 Ben Sargent editorial cartoon.

In the wake of the election, considering the treatment of Sarah Palin and
Hillary Clinton, I am beginning to feel like a member of the last remaining
minority group being discriminated against in America.

If Barack Obama had lost the election, would a cartoonist have been comfortable
producing a similar cartoon with a blackface comic on the poster? I hope not.

Yet Sargent has no problem using such an offensive caricature of a woman. His
message about the  Republican party would have been delivered with a traditional
circus poster. Couldn't he have passed up yet another opportunity to bash a
woman?

Kathy Worley

Burnet

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              489 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          November 23, 2016 Wednesday

County children and youth agency operating at diminished staffing levels

BYLINE: Bill Wellock, The Citizens' Voice, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1024 words


Nov. 23--WILKES-BARRE -- Luzerne County Children and Youth Services is down
about one-third of its employees from full staffing levels, officials said at
Tuesday's budget work session.

Among those vacancies are more than 40 vacant caseworker jobs, the "front line"
of the agency's work with vulnerable children and families, said county Manager
David Pedri.

The agency is still on a provisional status with the Pennsylvania Department of
Human Services. Executive director Joanne Van Saun said she received a verbal
indication that provisional license would continue, instead of the agency
receiving an upgrade to a full license, but she had not received anything
official in writing.

"A year, a year and a half ago, we had an issue with the license, and we had
about 30 caseworker vacancies," said councilman Tim McGinley. "Now we're at 41."

The agency has hired more employees, but rookie caseworkers can only monitor a
couple cases at a time, Pedri said.

"This will be a long process to recruit and retain our caseworkers," he said.

"That's what concerns me," McGinley said.

The agency recently interviewed more than 25 applicants for caseworker positions
and offered jobs to 21, Van Saun said. Some of those applicants may begin
working in December, and the agency is waiting on background clearances for the
rest before bringing them aboard.

She sometimes loses employees to higher-paying jobs. In an effort to improve
retention, she is trying to boost morale by encouraging workers and offering
additional education while at the agency. A contract for supervisors now has
higher wages, encouraging new employees to stay and advance to those positions.

"We know we can do better when we are fully staffed," she said. "It will give
more time to our workers for them to do what they want to do, which is to work
with children and families."

Some employees are currently carrying between 20 and 30 cases, Pedri said.

"We would like for that number to be 10 or 12," he said.

The county has not received any official notice of what the agency's status will
be when the Department of Human Services makes a decision on a new license,
Pedri stressed. If it is provisional again, county management will decide then
whether to file an appeal.

"I will say this, I've seen major changes as to where we stood in September of
2015 when this process started," he said.

The county's children and youth agency moved from a full license to a
provisional license in 2015 after an investigation prompted by the death of a
child. That license ran from Sept. 16, 2015 until March 16, 2016. State
regulators issued a second provisional license after the first expired, and
county officials are now waiting to see whether they will be upgraded to a full
license or receive a third provisional one.

If the agency receives four provisional licenses in a row, DHS assumes
responsibility of the agency, although it can return control to the county when
officials think there are assurances of future compliance and children and
families' needs are being addressed.

County contributions

The $7.5 million that children and youth services gets from the county's general
fund budget is the most of any part of the human services division. It's about
19 percent of the agency's budget.

Most of the funding for the human services division comes from the state or
federal governments, not the county. In many cases, the funds from the state or
federal government require the county to match a certain percentage.

According to division head Michael Donahue, the budget for the entire division
is about $105 million, and he is requesting about $9.4 million from the county.

"That's less than nine percent of the total," he said.

Some parts of the division use more county funds than others.

Veterans Affairs, the smallest part of the division, is entirely funded by the
county for its budget of about $358,000.

Mental health and developmental services and the Area Agency on Aging, however,
gets less than one percent of their budgets from the county. Drug and alcohol
services get about 4 percent of their budget from the county, and the human
services administration gets about five percent of its budget from the county.

Amendments

Council discussed amendments to the proposed budget on Tuesday, and could vote
on some at the next voting meeting on Nov. 29.

Councilwoman Kathy Dobash proposed a total of $1.9 million in cuts to expenses,
and councilman Harry Haas proposed a total of about $831,000 in cuts to
expenses.

bwellock@citizensvoice.com

570-821-2051, @CVBillW

Luzerne County Council is holding budget meetings to prepare for next year.

The process began when county Manager David Pedri presented his proposal for the
2017 budget at an Oct. 11 council meeting.

The proposal includes a 4 percent tax increase. Under the new rate, a property
assessed at $100,000 would pay approximately $598 per year, or about $23 more
than the previous tax rate.

The budget also includes a $5 vehicle registration fee and adds 15 new full-time
positions and three new part-time positions to the county workforce.

Council has until Dec. 15 to make changes, or else the budget for the current
year continues next year. Before that date, council is holding meetings to hear
from each of the division leaders in the county, who explain what they are
requesting in their budgets for next year.

Council will also hold two budget hearings ahead of the deadline for the budget.
Anyone can comment on the budget at any council meeting, but the hearings are
devoted exclusively to public comment.

Several meetings and hearings remain:

- Nov. 29: Budget work session following 6 p.m. council voting meeting.
Presentations regarding Operational Services, Retirement, Debt Service,
Intergovernmental, Contingencies and Reserves.

- Dec. 6: Budget hearing at 6 p.m. Budget work session follows. All amendments
proposed by council must be submitted in writing for discussion by this work
session.

- Dec. 13: Council voting meeting at 6 p.m. Vote on budget approval scheduled.

___ (c)2016 The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Citizens' Voice
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at citizensvoice.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161123-YC-County-children-and-youth-agency-operating-at-diminished
-staffing-levels-1123-20161123

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YC


                       Copyright 2016 The Citizens' Voice


                              490 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 17, 2012 Tuesday

Airplane owner sues over fuel truck accident at Groton-New London Airport

BYLINE: Karen Florin, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 563 words


Jan. 17--A New York city attorney has sued a Groton aviation company and its
owner for $1.5 million after his turboprop plane was rammed by a fuel truck at
the Groton-New London Airport last summer.

George J. Sampas flew his 2006 Socata TBM turboprop to the Groton airport on
Aug. 9, 2011, to be repaired by Lanmar Aviation, an aeronautical company known
as a fixed-base operator (FBO) that provides services such as fueling, hangar
space and aircraft maintenance.

According to a complaint filed in U.S. District Court, Lanmar employees
completed the minor repair and parked the plane on the ramp in front of the
FBO's maintenance hangar. A Lanmar fuel truck backed into the plane, knocking it
off the chocks that had been placed against the tires to prevent it from moving
and causing damage to the turboprop's tail and fuselage, according to the
lawsuit.

Sampas, under the corporate name Star Child LLC, has sued Lanmar Aviation and
owner/president Richard A. Polidori for failing to prevent the accident. In the
lawsuit, Star Child claims Lanmar and Polidori neglected to maintain standard
operating and safety procedures and that the company's claim of high safety
standards in its advertising is misleading.

The accident could have been easily avoided by using a two-person crew to back
up the fuel truck, Sampas said in a phone interview Monday. He said that since
the accident, Lanmar has brought in a new manager.

"The fact that they didn't have adequate safety procedures in place is
irresponsible," Sampas said. "They advertise themselves as being a safe FBO."

The plane has been trucked to its manufacturer in Florida for repairs and an
insurance claim has been opened in the case. Sampas said he bought the plane in
2009 and used it mostly for pleasure trips with his family. He said he used the
plane to transport doctors and supplies to Haiti following the January 2010
earthquake.

Sampas said Polidori has not apologized for the accident and won't take his
phone calls. Sampas said he does not intend to use the plane again to transport
his family and thinks it would be difficult to sell. He would like Lanmar to
purchase the plane for the its pre-accident value or fully compensate him for
the repairs, his loss of use and the plane's diminished value.

The repairs are estimated at $400,000, according to the lawsuit. Sampas is
seeking $20,000 a month for loss of use of the plane and says its value has been
diminished by approximately $690,000 as a result of the accident.

Polidori, of Old Saybrook and Boca Raton, Fla., could not be reached for comment
Monday. His attorney, Steven E. Arnold of the West Hartford firm Stanger &
Arnold, declined to comment but pointed to documents he has filed in response to
the lawsuit.

In a motion to dismiss the claims against Polidori, Arnold wrote that Lanmar,
through its insurance company, has acknowledged the company's responsibility to
compensate Sampas for recoverable damages and that Lanmar has adequate insurance
coverage.

The defendant's motion claims that Sampas cannot sue Polidori individually and
that he is attempting to "pierce Lanmar's corporate veil in order to acquire
Connecticut long arm jurisdiction over Polidori and make him personally liable"
for the damages.

k.florin@theday.com

___ (c)2012 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120117-NL-Airplane-owner-sues-over-fuel-truck-accident-at-Groton-New-London-Ai
rport-0117-20120117

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2012 The Day


                              491 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              June 4, 2013 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Few puttin' on the Ritz on Wall Street;
Big spenders hard to find amid upturn

BYLINE: Laura Petrecca, @LauraPetrecca, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 674 words


It's the end of another typical workday in May, with the Dow closing up and Wall
Street workers heading to happy hours that include mixed drinks, bottled
Heinekens, oysters and sliders.

They gather al fresco at downtown joints such as Ulysses on  Stone Street, sip
$17 martinis at Bobby Van's and line the bar at financial district institution
Harry's,  a steakhouse known for an extensive wine list that includes Chateau
Petrus vintages for $2,700 and $2,225 a bottle.

The mood is jovial at these popular watering holes, which are within walking
distance of the storied New York Stock Exchange. But the talk -- and spending --
is rooted in reality, at least by Wall Street standards.

Wall Streeters  talk of diminished bonuses, sliced expense accounts and how they
wouldn't hand the wine list to the client during a business dinner -- as they
once would -- for fear of running up a too-high tab.

Here in an area considered by many to be the financial capital of the world,
the once-prevalent culture of spending big, taking risks and living large is
evolving, and in some cases, dissolving.

There is a lot less swagger and a lot more caution.

Before the crash, "it was nothing for someone from Wall Street to take eight to
10 people out and spend three grand," says New York State Restaurant Association
CEO Rick Sampson.

Restaurateurs now say, "We won't live to see that era again," he says.

In the financial district, after-work crowds have thinned. Many brokers and
traders relocated to Midtown Manhattan and New Jersey following the Sept. 11
terrorist attacks, as well as after more recent bank mergers. Layoffs liquidated
thousands of security industry jobs from this area, as well as across New York
City and the country.

Those remaining inherited increased government regulations and scrutiny by
everyone from Occupy Wall Street to President Obama. Fear of unwanted attention
keeps patrons at Wall Street bars from talking on the record with a reporter.

The S&P and Dow  have hit record highs, but industry observers doubt the glory
days of Wall Street will return soon, if at all.

"The culture and the overall business model is forever changed. I would classify
it as the new normal," says Katherine LaVelle, an Accenture managing director of
talent who works closely with Wall Street firms. "It's not going to go back to
the heyday of 2004 to 2008; the regulations alone have guaranteed that."

Back then, many Wall Street professionals assumed their future "was endless,"
says financial industry compensation consultant Alan Johnson.

People splurged "like billionaires," even though they weren't in that income
bracket. "They would spend $1,000 on a bottle of wine or take friends and rent a
boat in the Aegean Sea for a week."

Well-paid workers still buy designer handbags and big apartments, he says, but
they're not ostentatious. "Now, it's more sober."

Conspicuous consumption is no longer socially acceptable, says Gary Goldstein,
founder of Whitney Partners, an executive search firm for the financial services
industry.

"It doesn't mean it doesn't exist, it's just not as prevalent as it once was,"
he says.

Wall Street executives now try to stay under the radar, and expect employees to
lay low, too.

"They don't want the young guys being written up in social media as uncorking
$1,000 bottles of Champagne or going to strip clubs," Goldstein says.

There are also tighter guest lists at industry parties and a drop in the number
of gift baskets going out to clients during holidays. Over-ordering at business
dinners is much less prevalent.

"Expenses are more controlled now," says Bobby Van's managing partner Vince
Alessi. "Everyone looks at receipts."

Compensation consultant Johnson thinks some of the "fun" will return as the
economy continues to improve, but the lessons learned will remain. Those who saw
colleagues and friends lose their jobs now spend less and save more, he says.

The challenges "makes us all run a bit harder," he says. "And that's not bad.
There's nobody sitting with their feet up."

Contributing: Adam Shell, Sabrina Treitz

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Scott Eells, Bloomberg News Wall Street workers see diminished
bonuses and sliced expense accounts.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2013 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              492 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                              June 7, 2016 Tuesday

SECTION: IL OPINION; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 239 words


Legislators must stand up to Madigan

Most people enter into politics for one of two reasons: 1. They want to serve
their constituents and direct the body they are elected to; or 2. They want to
become part of the political class that governs by power and cronyism. They see
politics as an opportunity to control, not serve.

In Illinois, more are entering for reason No. 2. The past 31 years has seen
those with great ideas have them diminished by the Madigan machine.

As voting constituents, our power has been diminished by gerrymandering. Our
state has reached a point where the legislators must stand up for those they
represent.

Legislators must get tired of going home to the complaining. Wouldn't they
rather go back to their district and talk about a balanced budget, yearly
surpluses, taking care of the less fortunate, developing infrastructure, or
lowering of state taxes? If not, they have been "Madiganized."

Their inability to stand up to one man and one man only is inexcusable. Their
failure to represent those who put them in their position is a dereliction of
duties. I'm tired of hearing "that is the way politics works," or "compromise is
the road to solving problems." Is there any compromise by the King and his
politics? Legislation happens when he says so. Legislators' ideas are allowed to
surface when he allows it. Is that a way to run a state?

Who are legislators representing?

D. Michael Watkins

Jacksonville

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              493 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            April 14, 2012 Saturday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

Mixed bag for Mets Flip Phils, but trip to DL looms for David

BYLINE: BY ANDY MARTINO NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 46

LENGTH: 578 words


PHILADELPHIA - Terry Collins dreamed of a lineup on Friday night that included
his best player. That dream was rooted in the knowledge that David Wright will
play with a broken back if he can hide it, and this is just a broken pinkie,
right? Right?

Actually, no. Unfortunately for the manager and his star, this particular
fractured finger, because it is on the right hand, does not present the option
of playing through pain. In fact, it renders Wright unable to play at all. On
Friday, he still could not grip a bat, throw a baseball, or otherwise
participate in a ballgame. If that does not improve on Saturday, the Mets will
probably have to place Wright on the 15-day disabled list.

"I take great pride in going out there, playing banged up and playing through
some pain," Wright said. "This is just something, it would be stupid to, because
I wouldn't be helping anybody. I would be hurting the team."

So the Mets were forced to confront Cliff Lee and the Phillies with Justin
Turner batting third and playing third base. Despite the apparent mismatch of
ace versus diminished lineup, the Mets set immediately to clobbering Lee, and
ultimately prevailed, 5-2.

The steady march commenced in the first inning, when the Mets took a 1-0 lead on
consecutive doubles by Ruben Tejada and Daniel Murphy. Moments later, Jason Bay,
appearing so lost during the season's first six games, whacked a two-run,
opposite-field home run to right-center. It was Bay's first homer of the year,
spring training included.

"It isn't a burden," Bay said. "Does it feel good (to homer)? Yeah."

R.A. Dickey (2-0) lasted seven innings, chewing through a Phils lineup that is
itself greatly diminished, missing Ryan Howard and Chase Utley to significant
injuries. The Phillies managed eight hits, but were never able to convert
opportunity into success. For the Mets, Scott Hairston later added a home run.

"It's a great win . . . because anytime you can win a game with these guys at
their park, with one of their better guys going, with one of your guys out, it's
a real pick-me-up," Dickey said.

Despite the victory, which ended a two-game slide, the Mets know they are a
better team with the man who wasn't there. Wright injured his finger on Monday
while sliding into first ahead of an Edwin Jackson pickoff attempt.

He visited a hand specialist on Wednesday and Thursday, and was told there was
hope the finger would recover this weekend; that is why the Mets opted to play
shorthanded on Friday, rather than place Wright on the DL immediately. Still,
there seems a stronger chance that he will need to spend time away from the
active roster.

"It would be a lot better if it was on my left hand, because I kind of hang my
left finger off the end of the bat anyway, and it would be a lot less painful,"
Wright said. "But with my right hand, throwing, obviously gripping the bat,
there's a lot of impact on my right hand when I make contact."

Wright appeared to take some umbrage at the idea that a pinkie injury was not
significant enough to sideline him.

"You think - a pinkie finger? But it's very, very irritated and painful and
swollen right now," he said. "Hopefully we do another full day of treatment on
it. I mean, it's been treated 24 hours a day. Hopefully if we do a little more
today, it responds a little better for tomorrow."

If Wright goes on the DL, Daniel Murphy will move from second to third base,
with Ronny Cedeno and Turner sharing second base duties.

Twitter.com/SurfingTheMets

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Talk about a freaky Friday the 13th. Jason Bay homers off Cliff Lee,
and Mets beat the lefty ace in Philly. Getty

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Daily News, L.P.


                              494 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             May 16, 2015 Saturday
                              SPORTS EXTRA EDITION

Results matter, and not excuses

BYLINE: BY ANDY MARTINO

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 654 words


The expectations are still here, even though several important players aren't.
Scrutiny is the new reality for the Mets - relentless, unforgiving, but what
they asked for. We judge the Mets on results this year, no matter who is here,
or missing.

Neither David Wright nor Travis d'Arnaud is swinging a bat yet, and Bobby
Parnell's diminished velocity in Port St. Lucie has the Mets wondering what he
will be able to offer. Talented rookies Kevin Plawecki and Dilson Herrera are
learning to swim in the big-league deep end, hardly ideal for a team hoping to
contend.

The excuses are there for the Mets' recent mediocrity, and most are valid.
Injuries have depleted their lineup and bullpen, and the captain has become a
ghost. ("It's pretty weird not having him here," one player said of Wright,
gesturing to his unoccupied locker). Zack Wheeler is gone. Rafael Montero and
Dillon Gee are on the DL. But in 2015, no one wants to hear it, because
expectations have been set.

Scrutiny followed the Mets home on Friday, when they lost, 7-0, to Milwaukee
after an embarrassing four-game sweep at Wrigley Field. Wilmer Flores had made
another error the day before, and his job security was once again on the minds
of many. Meanwhile, some Mets were grumbling that Flores had to face postgame
questions about his defense on Thursday, even though it was Jon Niese who blew
that one.

But that's what happens when every game matters. The topics are sharper, the
urgency increased, and kids feel added pressure. According to a team insider,
Sandy Alderson continues to say internally that he is not close to replacing
Flores, despite the obvious deficiencies - this reality, however, does not spare
Flores (who made another error Friday) the constant speculation.

Some around the club are worried that Flores, highly respected around here for
accountability and work ethic, is a diminished player because his confidence has
waned. They fear that the criticism has seeped into his noggin.

This is why Collins and Alderson spent Friday afternoon determined to project
calm, and hoping that the players noticed. The manager met with veterans like
Michael Cuddyer to emphasize that kids like Flores need TLC from the older guys.

"That's my number one job right now," the manager said, standing on the field
while the Mets took batting practice. "Even more than making the lineup."

A few minutes later, Alderson offered himself to the media, and was sure to be
filmed and quoted saying that he was not worried. This was clearly the strategy
on Friday, as panic swirled around the team - emphasize patience, so the young
team does not press any harder.

"I think everybody needs to take a deep breath," Alderson said. "Before we
started (the Cubs) series, we were nine games over .500. ... We need to calm
down a little and get back to work."

At 20-15 and in first place to begin the home stand, the Mets were still
clinging to a moment where they could sell this message. But that moment is
precarious, and the precipice real. Some of Alderson's and Collins' answers on
Friday brought a whiff of desperation, like the theory that Parnell's velocity
would return once he was fired up to face better competition in Triple-A.

Good luck with that one. The more likely reality is that Parnell, along with Vic
Black, is experiencing a bumpy recovery from serious arm issues, and might not
be able to help soon, when the bullpen could really use a few extra arms.

There are simply not enough relievers there now, and too little production in
the lineup. Neither problem is easily solved, because none of the important
players is close to returning. And given how long it often takes for even good
young players to adjust to the big leagues, it is hard to imagine Plawecki and
Herrera becoming impact players this month.

But you know what? It doesn't matter. The Mets - whoever is wearing the uniform
- had better beat up on Milwaukee the next two days. No excuses.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Daily News, L.P.


                              495 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Daily Variety

                                 April 10, 2007

'Capacity' fills up with stars.

SECTION: Pg. 5 Vol. 295 No. 6 ISSN: 0011-5509

LENGTH: 291 words



HIGHLIGHT: "Diminished Capacity"


Matthew Broderick, Virginia Madsen and Alan Alda have signed on to star in "
Diminished Capacity," a comedy about family and memory loss produced by
Gotham-based Plum Pictures.

Terry Kinney, who starred in and also directed several episodes of "Oz," is
directing the pic. Sherwood Kiraly is penning the screenplay based on his novel
of the same name.

Broderick will play the lead role a man who suffers memory loss after getting
hit on the head. He then takes a trip with his Alzheimer's-addled uncle (Alda)
and his high-school sweetheart (Madsen) to a memorabilia show as the group
concocts a scheme to sell a rare baseball card.

Steppenwolf Films, the nascent film production arm of Chicago's Steppenwolf
Theater Company, is also associated with the project, along with Benedek Films
and Hart-Lunsford Pictures.

Celine Rattray, Gait Niederhoffer, and Daniela Taplin Lundberg are producing via
Plum, while Tim Evans will produce via Steppenwolf.

Plum's Pare Hirsch, as well as Ed Hart and Bruce Lunsford of Hart-Lunsford, will
exec produce.

Movie will begin shooting this spring in New York and Chicago.

Bobby Cannavale and Lois Smith are also attached to star.

"Capacity" marks the latest project for Plum, which is producing an
English-language remake of Michael Haneke's "Cache" with Imagine/Universal
(Daily Variety, Feb. 19) and also sold the John Cusack starrer "Grace Is Gone"
to the Weinstein Co. at Sundance.

Broderick recently wrapped shooting on Helen Hunt directorial debut "Then She
Found Me" and is voicing a character in DreamWorks Animation's "Bee Season."

Kinney, known for character roles in movies such as "The Firm" and "Save the
Last Dance," has also directed a number of stage productions; like Evans, he is
a founder of Steppenwolf Films.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 5547423

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Fulltext

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: DAILVARI

                        Copyright 2007 Gale Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                             Business and Industry
                    Copyright 2007 Reed Business Information


                              496 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             June 23, 1994 Thursday

Simpson defence likely to rest on mental state   High-profile verdicts point
direction

BYLINE: TIMOTHY APPLEBY; GAM

LENGTH: 931 words

DATELINE: Los Angeles CA


BY TIMOTHY APPLEBY
California Bureau
  LOS ANGELES
 In some places, the raw ingredients of the case against O. J. Simpson
would be seen as a prosecutor's wish list.

A lengthy, violent history of abuse; a formidable knife wielded with
such force that one victim's head was almost severed, while the second
victim was allegedly attacked from behind and stabbed 22 times; an effort
to elude police.

All the elements are there, it seems, to secure a conviction of first-
degree murder.

Yet most observers in the Menendez brothers' murder case thought
exactly the same thing until the charges collapsed into a spectacular
mistrial in January.

Jury watchers have been left equally slack-jawed by some other
California verdicts in the past year or two, such as the initial
acquittals of police in the Rodney King beating trial.

No one here expects Mr. Simpson to deny killing his ex-wife, Nicole,
and her friend, Ron Goldman, found cut and slashed to death on June 12
outside her $700,000 condominium in West Los Angeles.

Should he deny it, he will be up against an apparent wall of physical
evidence, as leaked by the authorities in the past 10 days, most notably a
trail of damning bloodstains.

But motive is another matter altogether. For it looks increasingly
clear that the chief plank for the defence will be what is called
"diminished responsibility" - that Mr. Simpson, in the heat of passion,
lost his power of reason.

While less mitigating than an argument of temporary insanity, which
means the brief inability to distinguish right from wrong (not a defence
in California), diminished responsibility can reduce a charge of murder to
one of voluntary manslaughter.

And that frequently means parole in a few years.

Judging from the conspicuous support being shown to the one-time
football star, there are plenty of potential jurors who might go along
with such a verdict.

Hence the fierce public-relations offensive being waged by both sides
for the public's hearts and minds.

Mr. Simpson's lawyer, Robert Shapiro, is dwelling little on the charges
in public but rather paints his client as depressed, fearful and worried
for his children.

"I would reserve all possibilities," Mr. Shapiro replied when asked
what his battle plan might be.

His chief adversary, meanwhile, Los Angeles County District Attorney
Gil Garcetti, has called his own task "daunting" and has openly voiced
concern that a defence strategy of exploiting Mr. Simpson's celebrity
status might work.

"It's not going to surprise me if we see an O. J. Simpson somewhere
down the road - and it could happen very soon, it could happen months from
now - say: 'Look, I did it, but I'm not responsible,' " Mr. Garcetti said
on the weekend. "We've seen it in Menendez."

Mr. Garcetti's office is still smarting from the Menendez case,
involving two Beverly Hills brothers who acknowledged killing their
parents with shotguns but were able to persuade sufficient jurors that
they acted out of fear for their lives after years of abuse. (A new trial
date is expected to be set soon.)
   The Simi Valley jury verdicts in April, 1992, in the Rodney King
beating left people equally stunned.

So did last October's mostly exculpatory findings of the jury weighing
the guilt of two men charged after being videotaped assaulting trucker
Reginald Denny during the riots that followed the Simi Valley trial.

That jurors in the most populous U.S. state might be intrinsically more
pro-defendant than their counterparts elsewhere seems unlikely, given
California's currently unforgiving anticrime mood. Indeed, it is the other
side of the coin that seems to stir more concern: the fear that pretrial
publicity tends to prejudice jurors against an accused.

What may actually be happening is that the high-profile California
verdicts reflect a parallel reality: the growing notion, eagerly fanned by
some media-wise lawyers, that criminal behaviour is rarely black and
white, and often spurred by extenuating circumstances.

The other case that left some observers particularly puzzled occurred
in Virginia last year, when a jury agreed that Lorena Bobbit (since freed)
was temporarily insane when she sliced off her husband's penis as he lay
sleeping.

To some, it is as if a new, grey area of the law is being created in
which there is almost always more to a criminal charge than meets the eye.

Collectively, such exonerations represent "a challenge to two of the
most fundamental tenets of a civilized society: personal responsibility
for criminal conduct and the primacy of the rule of law," law professor
Susan Estrich argued earlier this year in the Los Angeles Times,
addressing the Menendez, Bobbit and Denny verdicts.

"By arguing that the criminal is really the victim in disguise, defence
attorneys have sought to win the sympathy of juries and their approval of
what is, at best, unlawful vigilatism."

Appearing in court, meanwhile, for a routine hearing to determine
whether his lawyer has been apprised of all the evidence, Mr. Simpson
yesterday appeared relaxed and alert, and once smiled.

"I'll do anything to stay out of that cell," he remarked twice during
the televised hearing, in asking bailiffs if he could read some court
documents.

Prosecutors denied a media report that a bloody ski mask had been
recovered, saying Mr. Shapiro was aware of all relevant material.

A preliminary hearing is set to begin June 30, but that will be pre-
empted if a grand jury returns an indictment first.

Homicide detectives are still seeking the weapon used in the slayings.
It repeatedly has been described as having a serrated blade about 38
centimetres long, but police said on Tuesday that they believe it was
slightly smaller.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1994 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              497 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           February 11, 1993 Thursday

Moody's downgrades ITT Corp.

BYLINE: REUT

LENGTH: 219 words

DATELINE: New York NY


Reuters News Agency
  NEW YORK
 Moody's Investors Service Inc. cut its rating of ITT Corp. and some of
its units yesterday, reflecting what it said were the diminished prospects
of the conglomerate's financial businesses.

The rating agency cut ITT's senior debt rating and that of ITT
Financial Corp. to A3 from A2 and the companies' commercial paper to
Prime-2 from Prime-1.

The agency also cut its rating of the insurance financial strength of
ITT's Cameron and Colby Group to A3 from A2, but affirmed the rating of
ITT Hartford Group Inc.

All of the new ratings are still high investment grades, but the cuts
mean it may cost ITT more to borrow money.

ITT said it felt "the Moody's rating does not accurately reflect ITT's
and ITT Financial's credit quality."

Moody's said the cuts apply to about $8-billion (U.S.) of long-term
debt and were prompted by ITT's recent capital infusion into its insurance
and financial units.

ITT infused $680-million into ITT Hartford Insurance and $612-million
into ITT Financial in the fourth quarter of 1992.

The rating agency also said the downgrades to ITT reflected concern
that earnings and cash flow from restructured manufacturing businesses may
not compensate for the diminished prospects at the financial units.

ITT shares lost 37 cents to $74.50 yesterday on the New York Stock
Exchange.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1993 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              498 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Waterloo Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 1, 2010 Thursday

Trial for teacher delayed

BYLINE: Jeff Reinitz, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 291 words


July 01--WATERLOO -- The trial for a Waterloo teacher accused of making a
student disrobe down to his boxers at his home has been postponed.

Larry David Twigg, 53, a former West High computer teacher, had been scheduled
to go to trial Tuesday. But the court date was moved back because the defense
needs more time to complete a psychiatric evaluation, according to court
records.

Defense attorney James Metcalf filed a notice that Twigg plans to rely on a
diminished capacity defense.

No other details were provided, but diminished capacity generally means a
defendant's mental capacity at the time of a crime may have been reduced to a
point where he couldn't form the intent to commit an offense.

Authorities allege Twigg made a 17-year-old student take a chocolate syrup
shower, play strip video games and make a snow angel in his boxers, according to
court records. The incidents allegedly happened at the teacher's home.

School officials placed Twigg on administrative leave in late January when the
allegations came to light.

He was arrested in February for misdemeanor lascivious conduct with a minor, and
he was formally terminated in March.

In June, the Iowa Board of Educational Examiners found probable cause that Twigg
violated a code of professional conduct and ethics.

To see more of the Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.wcfcourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Waterloo-Cedar
Falls Courier, Iowa Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100701-OO-HLT-Trial-for-teacher-delayed-20100701

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OO


                        Copyright 2010 Waterloo Courier


                              499 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            November 7, 2008 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

Testosterone ups women's sex drive

BYLINE: The Philadelphia Inquirer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 245 words


PHILADELPHIA - Testosterone could be the answer for some women with diminished
sexual desire and satisfaction after menopause, according to a study in the New
England Journal of Medicine.

The international study lead by researchers in Australia, Canada, the U.S. and
Europe randomly placed 814 postmenopausal women with diminished sexual drives
who were not on estrogen therapy into three groups. One group got a placebo
while the other two wore patches with different levels of testosterone - one
with 0.3 milligrams of the hormone and the other with half as much.

After 24 weeks, the women on the higher dose tripled the number of satisfying
sexual episodes compared with placebo, reporting more than two satisfying sexual
episodes in a four-week period. Both groups taking testosterone experienced a
significant increase in desire.

The study also reported an increase in adverse events - mostly unwanted hair
growth - among those women in the high testosterone dose group. Long-term
effects of testosterone, including on breast cancer rates, were unclear after a
year.

The researchers concluded that use of 0.3 milligram testosterone patches
resulted in clinically meaningful improvement in sexual function.

Several of the study's authors reported receiving consulting fees and grants
from Procter & Gamble Pharmaceuticals, which makes a testosterone patch that has
not been approved for use in women in the U.S. Three of the study's authors were
employees of the company.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              500 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            March 14, 2015 Saturday

"[#x2dc]Singin' in Rain' disappoints

BYLINE: by MARK KANNY

LENGTH: 335 words


Rain outside Heinz Hall on Friday night didn't dampen the mood inside where the
Pittsburgh Symphony Pops played the score of "Singin' in the Rain" while the
iconic film was shown on a screen above the orchestra.

Using an orchestra to accompany a film is hardly new, although it is being done
more often these days as orchestras look for new ways to attract audiences.

"Singin' in the Rain" would seem to be a perfect vehicle because sound is
central to the film's plot. The film is a satire of Hollywood at the time silent
films gave way to talkies. The screenplay by Adolph Green and Betty Comden is
both sly and hilarious. The film won no Oscars, perhaps because the comedy cut
too deeply, but it's now at the top of the American Film Institute's list of the
Greatest Movie Musicals of All Time.

The brilliance of Gene Kelly, Donald O'Connor and 19-year-old Debbie Reynolds
remains fresh 63 years after the film was released.

Using a live orchestra meant the original orchestral recording was removed from
the soundtrack, leaving voices and sound effects, as well as a vaudeville violin
duo.

Unfortunately, what was left sounded tinny on Friday night. Since the shrill
natural voice of a silent film star is a crux of the action, the shock of
hearing Jean Hagen as Lina Lamont for the first time was diminished.

Another technical issue was the brightness of the lights on the music stands,
which diminished the contrast and clarity of the bottom of the film screen.

A third disappointment was an extraneous intermission inserted about midway
through the film.

Conductor Lawrence Loh provided impressive coordination between the film and the
orchestra. The music making generally was winning, but there were a few spots
where the playing was without much spirit.

The concert will be repeated at 7:30 p.m. Saturday and 2:30 p.m. Sunday at Heinz
Hall, Downtown. Admission is $24.75 to $99.75.

Mark Kanny is classical music critic for Trib Total Media. He can be reached at
412-320-7877 or mkanny@tribweb.com

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved
